We've gotten a lot of messages from people asking what happens if we don't meet the funding goal. The good news is, the game will still get finished! The bad news is, if funding fails, we plan on pitching the finished game to publishers, a process which could take a year or more. We're hopeful that you ponies will be able to pull it together and get us to our goal, but if not, never fear, for we are still fully committed to the Dark Skyes project and delivering to you folks the game you deserve! Best wishes to all, and please cross your fingers for us! Still think it's a scam? Troll harder. We've been having trouble bringing the alpha into playable shape in time for the end date of this Kickstarter. It was never our intention to have a demo in place, but because of the trolls and scammers we have been forced to show *something*, so here it is you guys :) This is a little mini-demo that we whipped up in a couple hours. It should give you an *idea* of what the game will be like, but you absolutely CAN NOT assume that this demo is indicative of the final quality of the real game. We are professionals and we are committed to quality and excellence. This is just something to shut up the haters! Lastly, to end things on a positive note, I can't tell you guys how much the team appreciates all the messages of support and the fact that some of you are still sticking with us. This whole ride has been crazy but there may yet be light at the end of the tunnel. ONWARD! *Sigh*... we were really hoping that we wouldn't have to release any actual visuals until the game was up to our own high standards, but because of this trolling/scam campaign nonsense we have been forced to put something together to show you guys. This is really unfortunate. The reason why big game studios don't release development stuff like this is because it's not representative of the final quality of the game and it turns people off. It is negative hype. But this is what we had to do, I feel, and hopefully this will put to rest some of the misgivings that our ACTUAL fans have. I don't really care about the haters and the people trying to bring us down at this point, but for the people who have actually backed this project and stand by us, well, thank you guys &amp; girls. I'll be posting a playable demo later this week probably. Please keep in mind that it is a TEMPORARY demo, not at all up to our standards of finished quality. That's all, love you :) So, as many of you are probably aware, we are currently the target of a very advanced and sophisticated smear-job by patriarchs of the forum known as 4chan.org/pony/ . They have photoshopped conversations, falsified information, harassed us to the point of tears, and successfully driven away some of our major backers. Since then, we've received over 200 messages, all reasonably concerned about the legitimacy of this project. I've taken the time to reply to most of them, in as much detail as time will allow, but at the end of the day there is still much work to be done. At this point we have two options: 1.) Spend weeks trying to reverse the damage that has been done by these trolls, and maybe win back one or two major backers. 2.) Finish the game, get a playable demo out as soon as possible, and watch these fools and villains eat their hats. We're going with option 2. We understand if some of you want to pull your donations, in which case we'll have to just hope that you change your mind when the game is released. But for the rest of you, those of you who believe in indie games, who believe in ponies and pony magic, stand with us. Stand with us against these bullies, and walk with us through the fire to see Dark Skyes become a reality. That's it. Thank you very much. Please see the above video for a little word on the legitimacy of this project! And please continue supporting us! We definitely don't have time to play public relations and be making videos and answering questions all day... we have a game to finish you guys. A lot of people have expressed interest in seeing the alpha build, as well. No problem. We'll upload our alpha for you to try out as soon as we can see the alpha builds for Doom 4, Halo 6, Starcraft III, and Skyrim 3. C'mon people. There's a reason why major studios don't give players the inside scoop during development. Alpha builds are ugly, and they turn players off more often than not. Our alpha build looks particularly terrible, and it will continue to look that way until we've finished swapping out all the placeholder artwork with the final stuff. No matter how technically proficient the game is in it's current state, The Intarnot will take one look at it, say "it looks like crap," and write it off forever. Sorry, not happening. Speaking of swapping out the placeholder artwork, we've run into a bit of a snag, as the resolution of the final art isn't matching up with the placeholders in a lot of cases. This shouldn't take us more than a day or two to figure out, but it's not going to get done if I have to hold a press conference every time some stupid forum decides to troll us for being bronies. Sorry if this comes off as rude--not my intent at all--it¿s just that I get made fun of enough in real life, and I¿d much prefer to spend my time thinking about the game to be quite honest! For those of you sending in messages of support: you rule. And we are not gonna let you down. Dear Dark Skyes supporters and fans: Our credibility and the future of our game itself are currently under attack by members of the forum known as Something Awful . I am still not even sure what is going on, but from what I can see they have been collaborating with some 4chan group and making fake screen shots to try and paint us as a group of scammers. This is ridiculous. I am using my real name (I'll show you my license in a video that I'll post soon), and my bank account is tied to this thing... There's no way in hell I'd ever risk getting sued and possibly thrown in jail for a stupid prank. Get real. We figured that by throwing ourselves out there and making a game like this, we'd be opening the floodgates for the trolls, we just didn't realize it would be happening so soon! Now we can only hope that the support of our fans is strong enough to drown out these jerks who are trying to discredit us! I'm going to make a video right now, talking about this in a little more detail, but I just wanted to drop you guys a line and let you know that everything is cool, and we are still chuggin' along full steam ahead! Seems like there is a bit of confusion about this. The voiceovers used in the pitch video are webcam auditions, and the quality is really poor. But, not to worry! The final audio for the game was and is being recorded in a $5000 Studiobricks recording booth on a Rode K2 microphone, connected to all kinds of expensive pre-amps and flip-flops and gizmos that I don't know the name of. It sounds awesome. We are perfectionists folks. You don't have to worry about any aspect of this game being anything less than triple-A quality :)
