Dear Backers: Everyone is getting a direct message today requesting your seedling and shipping directions. Please get back to us ASAP so we can assemble your reward properly before our shipping day, this Thursday December the 18th. Regarding stretch goals: We had a few creative ideas in mind, but due to the overwhelmingly positive response -- especially over this past weekend -- we've decided to focus on the most important task of delivering everyone's backer rewards on time. However, there are a few "stretch-goal-sorta" options we'll put out there just in case anyone wants them... A: Raise your pledge by $1 per Seedling Kit and we'll leave the top lid label blank for your own handwriting and/or craftiness (as opposed to the Paper, Seed &amp; Tree Co. branding as seen in our first project update). B: Raise your pledge by $2 for each Seedling Kit you'd like to receive GREEN-colored lids instead of the standard, black-colored lids (choose blank or PS&amp;T labels. Limited to 10 backers). C: Raise your pledge by $3 for each Seedling Kit you'd like to receive RED-colored lids instead of the standard, black-colored lids (choose blank or PS&amp;T labels. Limited to 10 backers). E: Raise your pledge by $4 for each Seedling Kit you'd like receive GOLD-colored lids instead of the standard, black-colored lids (choose blank or PS&amp;T labels. Limited to 5 backers). Thank you again for backing Seedling Gift Kits for the 2014 December holiday season! We look forward to shipping every one of your rewards this Thursday. Best, Paper, Seed &amp; Tree Co. (PS&amp;T) We're very pleased to build and deliver so many Seedling Kits for you this holiday season! In the first four days of this campaign, we've become a team with 33 backers and 250% of the entry goal. Thank you! It's unconventional to ship the very next day after our Kickstarter ends. Moreover, it's both a feat and a treat to deliver our products inside the fast-paced schedule of the holidays. Assembly has begun and we're reaching out to all of our backers this week to survey everyone's pick for certified organic seed, gift tag preferences and shipping direction. Look out for an email / Kickstarter message this week! If you're not yet a backer, we encourage you to grab one of the early bird deals before they're gone! Our Etsy shop will be selling two-pack Seedling Kits™ next year for $15 plus shipping. Stay tuned for more updates, -Paper, Seed &amp; Tree Co.