They still suck Complete Fraudulent KS. We will never get our stuff, just wish the Law would do something as this came as a pure fraud and they never have even communicated with us. Boooooooooo! Just a reminder in case the originators ever check back - you suck... Intersting artical below regarding a failing kickstarter and later court action. Any backers living in Washington State? <url>"lost"? Maybe $200, including this project. Let's say $400, which could have been closer to $1k if I hadn't been lucky enough to miss the Robotech ks. This is actually an exceptionally good batting average, considering the nature of the projects and issues involved. Do start paying more attention that at least someone is keeping project creators honest before funding concludes (this thing had red flags all over, let's be honest), but don't discount ks as a whole - it's still doing wonderful things and providing amazing value (both in obtaining things and in having them exist in the first place) for our dollars, even considering the bad projects *and* the fraudulent ones. Of course, there's still room for improvement. I just filled out a Kickstarter research survey. And they chose *this* kickstarter to ask about. I hope my answers don't skew the results....since this kickstarter was atypical of most KS experiences... *Shoulda said, "I don't back any projects *anymore* unless I know the project creator..." 3DGeek: Thanks so much for your perspective. I think you've identified the problem: There is no consequence for failing to fulfill for project creators. Backers just get told, "Buyer beware," and Monday-morning quarterbacks come in and say how we all shoulda known better than to back this sort of thing. And project creators? They are considered "successful" based on funding dollars, not delivering. Kickstarter overall is broken because of this imbalance in consequences and therefore power. And this is why I don't back any projects, at all, unless I personally know the project creator. Did the same thing, expect the same result... Hope they fall into clay and get molded... BCA said today: ------------------------------------------------------------- Evergreen Entertainment Group 8605 Santa Monica Blvd. Suite 25015 West Hollywood, CA 90069 Contact: Walker, Dina Phone: (646) 396-9737 In the absence of any response from the company this complaint despite our two requests to them, we are closing our file on this complaint. This unanswered complaint will become part of the information we report to the public on this company for the next three years. Should any government agency request our files on this company, your complaint will also be included. If you have settled this complaint directly with the company, would you please email us to let us know that, as well as any other comments you might have. Your help in doing this is important to ensure that our report to the public on this company is accurate. Thank you for using Business Consumer Alliance. Complaint ID: 98785519 --------------------------------------------- Not really a surprise - but worth a shot. Completely forgot i had even backed this project, looks like we won't be getting the figures :( I just got an email from Elizabeth Barroso at BCA: ------------------------------------- Hello Stephen, I'm writing to let you know that we've received your complaint and that, because we believe it merits special attention, I will personally be assisting you in resolving it by means of mediation. Our complaint mediation is a highly personalized service. BCA will mediate directly and doesn't rely on mail or other slower forms of communication that delay a resolution of your complaint. Although complaints receive special attention to reach a satisfactory resolution between you and the company, there is no charge for this service. And, I think you'll agree that an immediate resolution is more desirable. I'm going to contact the company right away to talk about this problem and ask them to give their immediate attention to satisfactorily resolving this very important matter. Please allow me a few days for the mediation, but if you have any questions in the meantime, don't hesitate to send me an email... --------------------------------------------------------------------- star rather @3DGeek It is also possible to create an account on the "business consumer alliance" and provide a start rating. On the other Diana Walker Kickstarter, there is an effort to report her business to the Business Consumer Alliance. Her business still has a "BB" rating (which is actually pretty good!)...clearly it should be a solid 'F': <url>"Trusted" pile...but it's not so good for the community at large - or for people who are just trying to get started. How do we fix that? Well, I guess we need to be sure that there are consequences for the project owners who lie and cheat their way out of our money. We must make sure that they never manage to sell another thing - not to us, not to our friends, and certainly not in any place where we have a voice. We need to pursue them - if possible, bring the force of the law to bear when what they did is fraud. Not all failed kickstarters are like that. I backed one recently where the guy doing the artwork was severely injured in a car wreck...the project owner had spent 45% of the reward money - but couldn't continue. He's given a careful accounting of where that 45% was spent - and is refunding the remaining 65%. So far, not one backer has expressed upset or complained. Communication is everything. Distrusting new businesses is a bad thing...we need to give them a shot at reaching goal...but how do we avoid the frauds and shysters? My new KS philosophy is to back un-proven businesses - but only with small amounts that I can afford to lose - and only enough so that they can reach their stated goal, not 500% over - once they reach goal, I rarely back them. If they make good on that first project, then by all means, I'll shower them with gold on their second, third and so forth. So let's make the first project a trial - and let the second one earn them the money to truly get started. Just my $0.02 So are we basically shafted? It seems easy for anyone to start a kickstarter project, throw some photos around, and con people out of money. I suppose that's the risk of pledging money at this site. Would be nice if kickstarter were to meet us halfway and offer a partial discount off the fees they collect from one of our next backed projects. There is no evidence that they'll ever do either thing...we're getting no more updates...no refunds...no responses to direct messaging. We're now essentially in the realms of theft/fraud. Refund or produce.... Hmmm - their own website says that their new website will be coming February 10th. I guess they can't even get that straight. Nope... @3DGeek Did that work? Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. Isn't it about time for the next fallacious update.... offers of more worthless junk and meaningless promises. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. since miniatures have not been sent & terms of this KS said delivery by thanksgiving or refunded I am requesting a full refund please They will probably start the refunds the second Tuesday of next week. Hypothetically....if nothing shows up in my mailbox on Weds, does ADW start processing the refunds on Thursday? Or are the banks closed for the holiday, and they'll start on Friday? ------ "ADW Games guarantees that all minis will be delivered by (u.s.) Thanksgiving or we refund. No questions." You have to find them first. Hello all, haven't checked in for a while. Anyone in prison yet for this KS? Was the initial kickstarter made by Lars? Didn't realize that they are basically disavowing their own home page Risks and challenges notice as well. Kinda like stating their obligations for this kickstarter are null and void. LMAO!!! Also, with one of the latest *changes in project management* (Susan) it was said that all promises made by the *former management* (Lars) were "Made without authorization" and null and void. @ 3DGeek- on the home page of this kickstarter at the bottom... ADW guaranteed refunds if they didn't ship by US thanks giving. 'ADW Games guarantees that all minis will be delivered by (u.s.) Thanksgiving or we refund. No questions.' Not like it will happen though.The guarantee of a liar is less than worthless. There is no requirement that Kickstarters refund money just because they missed a deadline. The shipping dates are clearly marked as "ESTIMATED". However, there are sufficient red-flags here that many people have gotten refunds. now been 3 weeks since last update - news on progress to delivery really cant see you shipping product by deadline which means everyone gets refund :) Curiously my experience is just the opposite of William. Although the CC told me the IAM was to old they would look at it anyway. I received confirmation of that refund but the this more recent KS is being investigated and I am in bigger on this one. I recieved notice today from CC that this one was refunded. No confirmation on the dogfood one yet (IAMs), it's still in limbo while the CC investigates more or it could just be too late. I wish it was the other, because that one was a bigger hit. . Good luck everyone on refunds. One down, one to go. ;-| This is my second request for a refund. I will contact my credit card company next to report this as a fraudulent transaction. In looking at the two DAW kick-starters, there are some mini's that are OK and not too far off the mark from the original quality. I'm only down for a small pledge so will see where this one goes. @Rhys As much as the images on the project page have to do with what they planned to deliver - nothing. What do the images in the update have to do with the described project of fungi/ dungeon furniture and classical sea monsters? Regarding the update: Interesting to see you intend continuing this sham. Have to say those sculpts are a bare step up from junk, I have seen 10 year old school kids do better work with Play Doh. Oh, and incase it slipped your mind, I am still waiting for you to provide a full refund of my money. @William: The amount of time it takes for the project to get it's money is AT MOST two weeks. In the kickstarters' I've run, the money was mostly available within hours to a day after the project ended. The two weeks covers the time taken for money from backers who's credit cards bounce the first time around. Amazon has to try again, then email them to ask them to fix it. If they don't get money within 2 weeks, they give up trying. In our case, the number of delinquent backers was maybe 0.2% of the backers and 0.05% of the money we earned. The rest was in our bank in two days or so. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Hey, weren't we supposed to get an update, too? Oh, look - "We will have a significant Update of miniature photos posted on Oct. 10, 2014, comprising, close to 100% of the miniatures and stretch goals for the Campaign." It's almost like they don't realize that if they write it on the internet, *we can just go back and look at it!*... They are probably doing just enough to try to continue to look legit to KS and any other mark they have on the line. No, it's 14 days, I think... That big explosion happened the day money was due to change hands on this project, as I understand it... Doesn't it also take about a month for them to recieve funds from KS. I thought the funds were held for a certain amout of time while KS takes thier percentage prior to sending the remaining dollars on to the project owners. Some low-security cards may cap chargebacks at thirty days, IDK... *taps fingers* Impatiently waiting for update before deciding to pursue refund. I went in big on both KS's. Anyone else find it curious that the proposed announcement on the 10th (today) is exactly 30 days from the KS closing? Is there mechanical significance to the KS process? I think the 'majourity' of backers are looking forward to an update... Do you know, I'm actually getting quite excited about tomorrow's proposed update... Weird isn't it? Being scammed & entertained at the same time. I'm sure the Marguis de Sade would have something to say about that! @3DGeek Dina/Lars/(insert name here) were also talking about museums displays and gift shop and jewelry, so the thought is that these kickstarters and the web site are just bait for a bigger whale than the measly $26k. The pictures of "ready for sanding" artwork were posted in the first couple of week after the project ended, until they actually got their money from KS/Amazon. After that they went on the rant mentioned in the updates, and have not been heard form since. @Aard: Yeah - I guess so. @William: I'd heard about that - but it's hard to see exactly what they said and under what circumstances. It's certainly another huge red-flag. The thing that kinda says "incompetence" rather than "scam" to me is that they have so many photos of early artwork that they posted AFTER they'd collected all of the cash. Most scammers wouldn't put that much effort into it once they'd gotten their money. There is an argument that they are also scamming the artists...but it's hard to know. Also, adwgames.com has a ton of other stuff on it - which looks very convincingly real. Did that business suddenly decide to switch tracks from reputable to scammer? It's just really, really strange. To me, it stinks of extreme incompetence - but at this point, I just don't know. Fortunately, I'm only out $15 - so I can afford to ride it out and see where it goes. As someone on the Ice age list said - it's worth that much just for the entertainment value! @3DGeek - Mostly folks are doing it as part of a requirement by the bank that an attempt to communicate with the progect owner be made before chargebacks are attempted. The way these people (or person) treated thier backers on the IAM KS, I ONLY hope for thier demise (possibly some jail time, too). They were extreemly rude to many backers. I like many others feel this whole fiasco has been a giant scam. I understand the obvious need to demand refunds as a means to say "I'm spectacularly unhappy"...but don't expect it to happen. Realistically, either this project is a scam - in which case getting our money back will take legal intervention - or they are trying to act in good faith. If it's the latter (and I don't think it is) then Kickstarter's rules say that we're not entitled to our money back until the project is pretty darned seriously late - there are plenty of projects that deliver more than a year late. If you've never run a Kickstarter (I've run three successful ones and two more that didn't make goal), you have to understand that returning someone's money ain't cheap. If you pledge $100, the project owner only gets around $90 (because of Kickstarter/Amazon fees). To return your $100 via PayPal costs $103. So the project paid out $103 on $90 earnings, so it cost $13 to do the refund....ouch! Worse still: 1) In many cases there is a certain minimum cash income (reflected in the "goal" amount) required to fulfill the rewards for even one backer...the cost of procuring art and making molds is the same for one backer or a thousand. If refunds take you back under the "goal" amount, you can't function. 2) When projects surpass their goal, they often pile in stretch goals and bonus freebies...now, a refund may reduce the total earned below that needed to support a stretch goal...but everyone who pledged for that stretch still wants it...so now you need to procure more art and make more molds - yet you no longer have the income to pay for it. 3) On the day the project is funded, the project owners start spending their income on things needed to complete the project - art, supplies, molds, etc. Once spent, that money can't be recouped when pledges are refunded. Returning even a small fraction of the pledges can rapidly become a 'death spiral' for a project - where each refund made makes it harder to fulfill the remaining rewards. This can easily spell doom for the project owners and those people who still believe that the project can get the work done. Again, I'm not saying that's the case here - just that, in general, it's unwise to assume that your pledge money will be returned just because you're upset with the project...even if they are acting ethically and responsibly. But it doesn't hurt to send the project owner a message... Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>"Hey, they have two months until their estimated delivery date - and we'd certainly understand if they went a few months after that." ...heck, most people wouldn't start getting upset if the project was six months late - if adequate communications and clear progress updates were maintained throughout. But this isn't that. This group of people have run two nearly-parallel kickstarters (which is always a red flag) - and the other one appears to be in very deep trouble. It's missed delivery estimates - but seems to have all manner of other 'red flag' events happening. We hear oblique references to people coming and going within this business that seems to have a bunch of people working for it...yet the actual presentation looks a lot like one person doing everything. I'd be happy to assume good faith here - but for all of the issues raised over on the other project. We really need a clear, concise statement about what's going on here. @Carl You might want to look over the comments for the other scam by these people - Ice Age Mammals. Dust-ups happen all the time in businesses. Especially in small businesses. I am willing to wait until October 10 to see what happens next. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… The problem is that nobody can find their "door". The corporate address is a mail drop, the phone number is a call center. Wow...it's not looking good. $4,600 here and another $21,700 on the other KS. At over $25,000 these people need to explain very clearly and very soon every single aspect of what's going on here - or they're going to find the cops knocking at their door fairly soon. Kickstarters that are delayed or screwed up is not uncommon - but this is looking nastier than that. I can only suggest to the project owner that she writes a CLEAR, SIMPLE update that says PRECISELY what's going on here. Being evasive, confusing and making oblique comments about changes of management ain't gonna cut it. This was a bad situation before, now it is just surreal........do these scumbags seriously think anyone is fooled anymore. I have already requested a full refund from you. Please comply with my request. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Yes I know, David. Still looking forward to the update though ;) Hope no one buys this snake oil. These people are con men and are taking us for a ride. @Ravenwing You might want to catch up on the comments on Ice Age Mammals KS. Interesting update. I look forward to the 10th October update. ...or not Oh that's right. Thank goodness, they looked dumb. On a good note, Kickstarter's experiment with circular avatars has ended. Interesting, intriguing and possibly positive update..... Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request emailed to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. I feel bad that back when this was about to fail, I worked hard to bring in more backers. Sorry guys. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company. I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request sent to creator and Kickstarter also. <url>… For those looking for furniture, there is a new kickstarter starting next week, <url>"...... thank you for your polite but rather meaningless reply. I and many other backers have already reported this project to you. I am specifically asking what are you going to do about it? I believe that your integrity team did not fulfil basic due diligence in validating this project. As such I and other backers, were led to believe you supported and vouched for the worthiness of the ADWGames people (even if not the financial viability of this particular project). Especially as you allowed them to launch 4 different projects within a short space of time. I am fully aware of your Terms and Conditions of use. I require confirmation from you that Kickstarter have attempted direct contact with ADWGames to advise them of their obligations to fulfil the pledges or return backers funds (not that they will care). This is a requirement of my bank in order to open a chargeback claim for the money lost due to the deception........" Dear ADWGames, Kick-starter is an opportunity for persons with great ideas to develop them with the assistance of financial supporters. There is a lot of trust provided from the financial backers be it via a small or large amounts of money. Chasing down good willed backers and providing aggressive comments against backers as per the “Ice Age Mammals” kick-starter was disturbing to read and will make me think twice about supporting additional kick-starters. The allegations made could indicate that there was never an intent to deliver the project as outlined. As such, I request that an ADWGames representative and/or a kick-starter representative verify the validity of this kick-stater within 5 business days or a request will be made to amazon payments and my credit card provider to cancel the transaction made in support of this project. Regards Hey, man, I feel you. :D I am out $50 so enough to be worth trying to recover. I am more disappointed that the range of Dungeon Accessory pieces is now not going to appear, I put a lot of work into taking those from ideas to designs and hunting out illustrations for them. The matching furniture sets (intact and broken) and the monster lair set would have been great. There were also due to be Torture chamber, Mummys tomb and Workshop/Laboratory sets. luckily I didn't have much funds at the time of this one and only made a very small pledge. I got into this Kickstarter knowing the risks. I took a gamble trying to get some minis I could use. That doesn't mean I won't be trying to get my money back when this goes further south. For now, I'm sitting back and catching what unfolds. Well, kiss that $2 goodbye. Not worth the effort to reclaim it. Honestly I was surprised this even funded, back when it was dead in the water a few weeks ago. I hope the bigger pledges have more luck recouping their bets. Hmm, with Lars' insistense on communicating by phone, I tried looking up the phone number. Despite insistence on giving him a call, I couldn't find a number in the comments: <url>"paragraph" here actually added the (supporting evidence) in your request to KS? Any way I can beg for that evidence, so I don't have to spend hours filtering through these friggen comments? Thanks for any help or info...;-? Alkettory about 3 hours ago Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. I don't know about regulations outside the UK but assume they are broadly similar. In the UK the regulation is covered by section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act 1974. You must claim a chargeback not more than 120 days (90 for AmEx) after making the payment direct from the card issuing bank or financial institution. You must be able to prove you have made "all reasonable efforts" to resolve the matter yourself (hence the formal refund request), this may include having to make police reports but that is down to individual CC companies. You should allow a minimum 15 days for the supplier to respond/resolve the problem unless there is obvious cause why not (death, shop closure etc) For non-delivery of goods cases there is no £minimum level covered. I would also suggest that anyone considering requesting a chargeback raise a "this is not a project" support ticket with Kickstarter (links at bottom of page) outlining the basis of the complaint against ADWGames and asking KS to attempt to contact Dina/Lars about the campaign. Ask KS to confirm to you that they have done so as this will provide further evidence of "reasonable efforts" Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. Better late than never: Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. . . . Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. Given the allegations made against ADWGames (with the supporting evidence provided) and the lack of response from representatives of the company, I hereby request a full refund of monies paid to ADWGames resulting from my participation in this campaign. Request copied by email/message also.. . . . Notice and request for refund is a requirement of the chargeback process for the card companies. The transfer of money from this KS is probably what caused the rant on IAM. Yep - esp. given that KS transfers the money two weeks after funding - i.e. heutzutag. I think we have seen and heard the last of Dina, Lars, et al. This and Ice Age Mammals are obviously a scam. Blech. fair enough... @Aard Rinn - While I am in the same boat with you in losing money between these two projects, I just want to say you may want to watch you language or your posts may be reported and deleted by KS, thereby removing both your thoughts in the last post and the link. Just trying to look out for you, buddy. :) Hey, PROTIP for all you KSers out there: If someone can spread the word about you, they can also spread the word against you! So, in grand ADW Games Kickstarter spirit, I bring you: AN AARD RINN SPECIALTY SPREADSHEET! <url>… This standby of all ADW Games KS thus far (except the first one, but who cares?) is now in commentable form! Have some info that's not on here? Post a note! I'll take a look and punch it in! (not editable because vandalism) But have fun! Let's centralize this gak! (Includes handy links to earlier comments, so you can hop right to the very start of this clusterfuck!) Just thought I'd show y'all this: a real email I just got from a dude: "Hi my name is XXXXXXXXXXXX, I too was taken by these two scum bags in a different scam XX years ago. I have been after them since then. They owe me $60,000 which I will probably never see. They are in Canada illegally and the only way to get them is to physically hold on to them and call the cops! Please spread the word so no one else gets scammed by these two!" Names and dates withheld to protect those involved; less than three years, though. Well, there we go, I guess. Yeah. I woke up this morning, requested a chargeback on my card *without looking at the KS page* (I had meant to yesterday, but I was too busy), studied for my test, went to class, bombed the test, got home. Went on Reaper. Saw the threads were locked. Came here. *EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE.* I was like, god damn it. I LEAVE YOU ALONE FOR ONE DAY. It's been pretty funny watching the implosion, tho. Hope everyone pulls out okay. ...and not a peep from them on either project in 6 hours. Yeah saw that earlier....got real ugly real quick. Though I hate to stir the pot any more than it is; if you haven't looked at the Ice Age Miniatures comments page yet today, you should. <url>".........Thinking about the Monster Lair, there are very few pictures around. This one shows some of the elements necessary (although it is surprisingly clean considering Trolls live here) <url>" I am as intrigued as you to see what the end results will be. "I will be working on the monster lair and all furniture tomorrow. Your email on the former will be my guide." Lars - how about sharing this info with the rest of the backers since we don't have Rob's email and therefore have no idea of the lair design direction. Also - You've just sent a survey out which did not allow us to specify what we wanted for our pledge nor have we seen anything finished to decide - why send so early? Lars, have you decided the final list for the monster lair terrain set? Looking forward to seeing these Pics. It is 3:30 pm EST. When are they going up? There will be an update on both Kickstarters and on your website? Looking forward to seeing today's promised pictures (and those on the IAM campaign) some positive progress is the best way of answering the critics. That comes back to the questions I was asking before; about the casting/mastering process you will be using......and the request for the step by step pictures. Casteline wax is (as far as I am aware) not used by any other manufacturer in the gaming industry so am really curious to see how it works and the process used. Cool, can't wait to see pics tomorrow. Don't bother with casteline. It's a wax, not a clay - only useful for molding, not a finished product, and STEEP learning curve - it's very much a product you need to be taught to use. FIMO is easy - I'd give that a shot. Or balsa wood! @Dina - do you have to bake the castilene clay, or can you directly make a silicone mold of it? Trying to decide between trying out castilene, monster clay, or sculpey for some custom terrain stuff myself. (Granted, it'll probably look like a 5-year-old globbed together something with Play-doh, but hey...) Thanks, can't wait to see yours. ;-) Oops, here it is by it's self. <url>"x4.1/2". <url>" or slightly larger (Griffin Tamer and DF) so I think it's a good scale for a large monster. 2" x 3" ?......... Big base. That is pretty much diorama size for D&D. Sounds cool; were you still planning on posting the WIP shots to the ADW Sea Update page so we can see them, or will that happen at a later date? When can we expect some WIP photos on KS or your HP? I agree with Zach - I'll be using the minis for the same purpose (Pathfinder rather than D&D, but the same scale is used). The easier it is to place things on 1" grid-based dungeon terrain, the easier to use for gaming. :) Side note - if a tail or head sticks up in the air on a 3" long figure, and doesn't block a mini from being used on 1" of that length, that works for me for a 2" large-size creature. I am after these for rpg games too, for me the critical thing is that the furniture can be based on 1x1, 1x2 , 1x3 or 2x2. The monsters are not so much of a concern as I re-base all mine onto washers/coins anyway. As for grid or coin, I prefer a coin because it is always in the same focal plane as the figure being compared. But if other people want to go with a grid that is fine. Though I know I'm not your entire target market, I would be using them for D&D where a medium sized creature (wolves, lions, people) are on a 1" square, large creatures (horses, etc.) are on a 2x2" square, huge creatures (elephants, etc.) would be on a 3x3" square, and gargantuan creatures (orcas, etc.) would be on a 4x4" footprint. Then the scale jumps to colossal (large whales) with an 8x8" footprint. I would like my minis to fit within those scales if possible; but that's just me. Re the coin for scale: coins can be of different sizes around the world so while it would still be useful as they don't vary *that* much, something a little more objective like a ruler might be more consistent and remove risk of misunderstanding the size. 5" square on the Large sea monsters sounds reasonable - but for longer ones, stretch it out a little, and feel free to go out to 6" or 7" if it's only going to be like 2.5" wide or so. Try to keep them consistant mass-wise, IMO - a 5x5 inch mini is a LOT bigger than a 5x2 inch one. Lars: re step by step pictures: My main interest here is the dungeon pieces....incase you had not noticed ;) so I would really like to see how those are done from beginning to end. I guess the Sea Monster fans would be as eager for a full sculpt so, yes please, a step by step on a figure too. Also just commented on the last update, please stand a coin in the pictures so we can gauge the size of the pieces. @Lars - We all want the project to succeed. I feel you are taking criticism of the project on a rather personal level when it was never intended that way. Let's all take a step back, wait until the wax arrives and see the WIP shots; I hope that will alleviate discontent. :) 1. I and quite afew others understood you obviously wrong, we thought you would be leaving the comments completly. Glad to know you will be in the updates comments. You did not answer my questions though - can we expect you there frequently, and will you amswer questions in the IAM update comments? 2. thanks for the timeframe. 3. Remember that we have invested money into your campaigns. You know the amount I have pledged. Do you really think I want to loose that? Nobody in the comments has said that they want to you to fail AFAIK. What I want ar.e the high quality sculpts you have promised. Nothing more, nothing less. 1. You never clearly said that you will be visisting the update comments on AIM. You only did this here last night. Are you going to only read the update comments, or are you going to answer questions in the updates comments on IAM as well? How often do you plan to visit the IAM updates comments? To prevent further "misunderstandings" a clear answer would be greatly appreciated. 2. It is also only here after my complaints that you clearly stated that there will be weekly updates on AIM. You could call that a misunderstanding. Will there be a fixed day for the updates? As there are only 16 days left until you start delivering miniatures, there cannot be many updates left to post. 3. The unrest in main comments on AIM started after you declared leaving. You should consider that the comments, also of old projects, will be visited by prospective backers for future campaigns. Leaving them can only hurt yourselves. Also, it is common in KS that a minority is active in the comments. Some ignore the comments completly, some read them frequently without posting, some only post every now and then, and some are very active. If you think that talking to the vocal minority in the comments section is not serving the project that is your choice. From my KS experience I can only repeat, the comments section is usually observed by far more people than the ones posting there, and the interaction with backers is vital for successful campaigns. As leaving there is causing a lot of open negativity you have to decide what is best for the projects. Lars: re Casting Questions: Idle curiosity really. I worked a stint in the white metal casting room at Games Workshop and have done a fair bit of home casting since then. Just interested to know how you were making the master moulds from the soft wax sculpts and then the production moulds from the masters. If your caster can give you a process explanation that would be great, otherwise just include the master mould production and the creation of the production moulds in the step by step pictures. @ADW - As a pledger on both projects, I recall neither having been asked for nor having given an opinion on whether the comment board here or elsewhere is 'representative' of my views, interests or needs. If there has been some survey or other method of forming an objective view and I missed it, then I apologise, but if there has not, then please don't invoke 'a silent majority'. I am concerned about IAM, and more so with this strange decision to withdraw from the comment board on IAM. I remain hopeful that we will soon see some material products of substance and quality rather than what has been shown (other than in the early stages of IAM) to date. This alone is likely to ease concerns. The quotes from IAM clearly state that you wanted to stop reading and posting in the IAM comments and that there would be no updates over there. This is also from IAM comments: "We will not be monitoring the comments page moving forward." <url>#comment-7858916 This does leave little room for misunderstandings. Are you really surprised that I am not satisfied with this? As you said yourself: E il tono che fa la musica. You last comment on IAM: "Moving forward, no one from ADW will be answering this comment board." <url>#comment-7859122 On IAM you were saying completly different things. Your last comments and update there have caused a lot of unrest, and you have shown no sign of interest whilst posting happily in this comment section. Last update on IAM: "Important Notice: As of today, all future communication re: this project will be posted on <url>" <url>"Be responsive. Do your best to answer backers’ questions and address their concerns, quickly and thoroughly. It’s a great way of showing people that you’re reliable, available, and committed to your project." (Taken from KS). Moving away from KS is not alright at all and against KS policy. Yeah, I thought RTV (Room Temperature Vulcanizing) Silicon Rubber would be about your only choice unless you wanted to play with the multiple layers of latex and mat. You will have to ask your casting guy to drop by here to chat about the moulding process (and post up the step by step images you promised before). I have used RTV silicon for white metal and resin casting and it is pretty straightforward if you have a decent vibro table. Are you aiming to use RTV silicon for the production moulds as well as the masters then? Lars: If you have now decided to master all the furniture by hand what is being done by the 3D/CAD guy who did the great looking Dresser blank? Once you have the Castiline sculpts are you using plaster moulds (lost wax technique) or RTV silicon to produce casting masters? Castiline wax seems to have a melting point very close to the vulcanising point of the silicon rubber used for spin casting moulds. Are you going to stopp commenting here too, like in IAM? This is an exteemly bad, dodgy move. I want a refund for both KS. I will file a complaint with KS and Amazon if you do not reply to my mail and refund me ASAP. So is the Update page going to be up today? Lars, just sent you a message with some descriptions and a couple of pictures about the monster lairs. Whoops- 'things' not thinks and only one 'W'w on comment before...me dum dumb. Gotta run, it was a good day. Glad to see thinks are moving along with more interaction again. Remember, I'm being totaly superficial here, but I'm looking for a great finished product. I'm not worried about the little things like proccess, materials or being a bit late. "Let's do it ..." :-) Post ADW Comment - Cool, maybe another for the IAM KS too? :-) Good idea, pictures in the comments. Wwith links to pictures, if people want to go look, they can. You have a web site, maybe dedicate some tempoary space for pictures you can link here. when enough are ready, send out an update with pictures and bag the old links once they have been added to an update. Or reuse the space for a new group of pictures until the next update and so on... I would vote for not posting any updates with early sculpts, but instead simply post them in the comments so people who want to look at them can and the others can simply ignore them. Interesting, in these comments it is "Raw is good, the whole process", in the comments for the update it is all "Details only!" I agree with David Weir, maybe even a few action shots or even sculpting, molding and casting videos. No need for added fancy graphics or color filters, just raw and wriggling...slurp, slurp. I am interested in the whole process. Raw is good. A "Lot-Lot-Lot". If you get the reference, you might just watch the comedy channel. ;-) Bases or not? Here are a few mushrooms I've done recently. You will notice little round rock piles next to the tall Mushrooms for added stability and on the small white clusters I made a base to look like stone or could be a dirt pile if painted that way. Most of the bigger shrooms have no base, just a wide enough stem or multiple mushrooms for better stability. Just for scale, the cluster of three in the small purple/pink/ w/ red buttons are about 1" cubed. The large round lily pads are between 3/4" to an inch. <url>" grids! I predict that there are going to be 134 very excited people in about 2-3 months time. And some very loyal customers to one of the greatest mini sculpting teams in the business. Lars/Dina: Congratulations on the success of the project. Not the easiest of roads but a great result in the end. I am looking forward to seeing all the ideas and concepts begin to take shape. Going to be a fun couple of months. Yeah. You may want to finish the sculpts of your first couple of KS projects first. I wouldn't say you have to ship them...but having final pictures will go a long way. Likewise...it could be nice to have a bunch of carnival KS images ready to go at launch. Sign me up!! Depends on the oven timer. Congratulations Dina and Lars - You guys knocked it out of the park this time. @ David Weir - Wouldn't it be Buzzzzzzzzzz, BROWNIES ARE DONE? Having dropped out due to lack of communication I find myself agreeing wholeheartedly with Galit, you really turned it round. I'm back in and will be adding more during the PM. Congratulations!!! @David - caps were made to announce brownies Carnival???????? SIgn me up!! (assuming, of course, you're making a creepy carnival) Sorry about the CAPS ding! bROWNIES ARE DONE! Congratulations Dina and Lars!! You really did a 180 turnaround with this campaign and it paid off BIG TIME!!! Great job!!! \o/ Oooh, brownies like out of the Willow movie I hope. I'm getting double walls, double small sea monsters, double monster lair, triple mushrooms, triple furniture, double stalagmites/shrooms, and double something else I think. @RMK what are friends for?! ;-) Right now Lars is regretting the choice of putting a batch of brownies in the oven this morning, instead of the final molds. @Galit - Yeah, we have a habit of doing that to each other. lol Thanks for the idea of a third account. :) @Jared your comment just made me snort-laugh =p @RMK Nope, you brought me here from another campaign. =) @Lars - 11 minutes. How fast can you sculpt? So just to confirm. You will be able to upgrade your pledge with Add ons and multiples of what you have already pledged for till the end of Sept? I would have like to have pledged for the Walls/monster lair but without anything concrete i can't. If however the sculpts appear and look good I would like to increase my pledge and add them. Hey Galit. Did you back IAM? I can't remember if you did. @Lars, Dina, ADW Games, et.al. Congratulations on surviving a tough, drama filled campaign. I look forward to figuring out how to paint and what to do with these great figures. Will the post-KS survey have a way to tell you what extras we might have pledged for,(IAM did not)? The only thing I'm not getting doubles of, is the $30 sea monsters pledge ... since we don't do ocean campaigns, I think I'm safe with just having singles of them (and two polypus add-ons .. those just look awesome!) HAH! Hiya Realm Master K! I just finished upping my third account pledge.... I thought what the heck, let me just have doubles of the walls, monster lair terrain AND mushrooms and furniture! Galit!! What up homie?! I pledged on a third account.... gotta have extra mushrooms and furniture! @Lars & Dina - Will the Turtes be available as an Epic sized Add on? Lars, running a Kickstarter is basically a full-time job, from what I gather from other projects. Also, turtles... Snapping turtles :D Turtles... I added two more Epic Sculpts to my pledge. Can't miss out on the Turtles!! I just added $15, so we just need another. Getting very close to that $4500 goal... I sure hope we get some turtles :) Although this wasn't the smoothest Kickstarter I backed, the unique style makes we really want to get these miniatures. That is one of the things I like best about you guys. You really listen to your backers and adjust according to suggestions. When I mentioned broken furniture, you jumped right on it. That was Awesome in so many ways I can't do it justice in words. No one has ever done broken furniture, at least none that I have ever seen. I look forward to having my players see all of the crazy cool things that you are making for us. I have been running an Epic campaign for over 15 years and they are fast approaching an Ice Age/Prehistoric Lost World that they know nothing about so your IAM campaign was perfectly timed for me. And they also have a sailing ship so the Sea Monsters, especially some of the Epics will be a great addition to my campaign. I can hardly wait. I'll see how some of the sculpts turn out and potentially add some latter on. I suppose shipping doesn't increase by adding add-ons? @Dina & Lars - Sweet. Thank you for the clarification. In case I can't stick around for the finale, I just wanted to let you both know that I am super excited for all of your efforts in making these awesome minis and terrain available for us. Wanted to make sure you knew that before this campaign reaches its final conclusion. Thanks, that's what I needed to know. @Dina & Lars - If you are an IAM Backer, and you pledge for the $30 small monsters level wouldn't you also get the special IAM freebies? My main question is: I pledged for the "$30 small monsters" level, what exactly does this get me? The"$30 mushroom" level is fully explained, but the same is not true for the other $30 levels. Lars, the KS is almost finished, could we get an update on the open questions before it ends? I noticed that you added the size chart to the front page, thanks for that. Judging from that and the sizes given, even the "small"/giant monsters would be at least "large"in D&D terminology (>=2"x2" base). The perfect size for a regular monster battle. The epic size would be exactly that: an epic battle against a single powerful map-filling enemy. The original list for the monster lair developed after the BoG project, I requested swapping the 2 bits of Giant funtiture to something more apropriate to Orcs or Trolls. Back in the comments I linked to a picture I found on the web of the Troll Cave from the Hobbit that shows the sort of pieces I had in mind for the set. The thorn and ice walls were specifically why I pledged for the BoG and this project. The water and bone walls were also interesting ideas, too. Thanks Lars! That's Awesome!! I use a scale of 1" = 3 feet (1 meter) so a 3" Wall is just about perfect for a 10 foot wide wall. Thank you. So the monster lair is a different set of miniatures that will be created after the kickstarter is over? Hey Lars - still need to confirm... the furniture (whole and Broken) is not the same as the monster lair furniture 'Set 3: Monster Lair- part of $75 pledge or $15 as an add on. 10 human Bones, Crude Bedding, 5 bags of Coins, 1 Old Fire Pit, 4 Misc Tools for Chopping, 1 Giant Crude Cupboard, 1 Giant Chest' @Lars & Dina - Are there going to be two sizes of Walls? I see concept art for both 2" and 3" walls on the front page. Very interested in the 3" designs. Please let me know. You could be right about the original 39. Seems so long ago now. lol Lookee, now we have 118 backers. @Realm: I am not sure there, perhaps this one is best for Dina to answer. There was a confirmation in one of her first comments that the original backers here (39 at that time) would get the furniture/monster/mushrooms pledge even if this KS did not fund. The IAM legacy was mentioned first on that campaign. I was under the impression that held for the 39 even though the campaign has now funded. @SableFox: You pay for the shipping. so minimum is $12. So, as an international backer, is that $2 (the minimum qualifying pledge), $12 (the minimum pledge plus $10 shipping) or just $10 shipping since that is > $2. @RMK - Thanks for the clarification, all. I've bumped my $1 to $2, and I'll keep checking this project and IAM. I'm really hoping to see some sculpts once the wax comes in, maybe even walls...? That would convince me to up my pledge, given Lars willingness to accept increased pledges this month while they are sculpting. @Robh & Sable Fox - Only IAM backers have the >$1 Legacy Pledge for the Freebies. New backers get the same deal for $15 since they had not backed the Ice Age Mammals campaign. The special price was for a loyalty gift for backing both campaigns. @AR: Also, Lars said a couple of days back that he would replace the Giant Furniture in the Lairs set with more appropriate Sacks and/ or Chests of "stolen and scavenged stuff", treasure piles and looted armour pieces etc. @Sable Fox: My understanding of the legacy pledge was that as either a backer of IAM or an original backer here you get the $15 pledge for $1, not once for each. There was some text about it but I cannot find it now, may have got lost in the pre 48 hour redesign. So (I believe) you do not need to pledge the $15 as well as the $1, just add for whatever else you want. @AR: You have missed the Intact and Broken Furniture sets from your spreadsheet. $1/$15 pledge gets 1 of each of the 10 intact and 1 of each of the 10 broken. $30 gets 10 pieces Intact (pick & mix) and 10 pieces Broken (pick & mix) Dresser, Table/Chairs, 4 Poster Bed, Sideboard, Armchair, Low Table, Wardrobe, Settle, Barrels/Crates, Throne @Aard - This is what Dina & Lars said about the $15 pledge level in a comment earlier. Does this answer your question? “There is an offer for Ice Age Mammal Pledgers that is in effect, yes. New Pledges get the same deal for $15+shipping. Customer Loyalty Offering, really. We will do the same thing after we deliver and start our pre-Holiday KS. Sep 8 2014 on Miniature Sea Monsters, Dungeon Furniture and Big Beasts. I thought it might have been. Looking forward to seeing all of the sculpts. Will we be able to add on the Big Beasts at the same add on cost during pledge manager phase once we see the final sculpts? Hey, Dina/Lars, can you clarify the 15/2 pledge levels? Aard_Rinn, from what I gathered (mainly the details on the front page for the $15 and $30 mushroom levels and the comments made by Lars), the only difference between IAM and non-IAM backers is IAM backers get the $15 pledge for $2. At least for the $15 and the $30 mushroom levels, the front page lists without any disclaimers that the rewards in () are included for everyone. Lars and Dina - I just ran across a page of Sea Monsters that is pretty cool. It has a lot of the images you have on the front page. But there are also a bunch of other really cool looking monsters. I thought you might want to see it. (if you haven't already) <url>#gid=0 Since we've had an influx of non-IAM backers, I put IAM rewards in () Aard_Rinn, could you update your spreadsheet with the latest information from Lars? 2. Big sea monsters are $15 each, or $200 for all ten? Isn't the $200 for 10 a worse deal? $200 gets ten Epic size and 10 giant/smaller size. 7. How much is the Monster Lair set as an add-on? $15 8. Can the stretch goal "free items" be purchased as add-ons if we want multiples? yes $10 each @Dennis - thanks for the info. I will stick with £2, I know where I am with £2 (roughly $3 ;-) @SableFox: The currency sign always goes before the amount, so $2, €2, £2, etc. It's only when written as 2 USD, 2 EUR, etc. that the currency goes after the amount. After this brief intermission, back to your scheduled kickstarter... Thanks Lars - just to confirm... the furniture (whole and Broken) is not the same as the monster lair furniture 'Set 3: Monster Lair- 10 human Bones, Crude Bedding, 5 bags of Coins, 1 Old Fire Pit, 4 Misc Tools for Chopping, 1 Giant Crude Cupboard, 1 Giant Chest' And one other thing that "bothers" me, is it $2 or 2$??? I always thought it was $2, but lots of people are writing 2$ here. Or is that just from 2€ usage? So Aard_Rinn, since you seem to be the authority around here :-) if I am a IAM backer, one of the original backers of this project (before it went pear shaped) and on $15 pledge. Do I get three sets of the below, or just one? ;-) Is there any point me pledging $15 or would I be wise to be pledging just $2? Despite having been on this KS since its inception, I do not know what I am getting. Yee Haw!!! That's what I wanted to hear. Stokage now ensues!!! 'I needs to know?' Wow... I speaks good English! LOL! Hey Lars - I know you're busy but I needs to know if there is going to be anything tangible sculpted for the walls and monster lair. It's difficult to pledge for something without anything to go by other than a few wall sketches from the ICE kickstarter. Thanks. Hey Lars - If we back at the $30 Giant Sea Monster level will we be able to choose which of the 10 sculpts we want? ie, if we want 2 of one and none of another will that be possible? Kind of a mix and match system. IAM backers get the freebies and whatever they pledged for, yes. That is (I believe) 1 of the core monsters, a set of mushrooms, and some furniture (whole and broken). Still no reply to Mail or PM. I will be off the Internet for the Rest of the campaign, so no chance of increasing my pledge. I wanted to know - if I can increase the pledge post KS when sculpts are shown - do I get the freebies as a 2$ IAM backer. We hit $4000last night and immediately lost $300. Let's hope it sticks this time. And that puts us over the top with my pledge on my second account. :) Just to repeat my query from yesterday: As an IAM backer, if I pledge $2 plus postage what exactly do I get? Thanks And here *I* was thinking I didn't have much use for maggots. :) Lars: Will you allow us to swap stretch goal free figures? Being a land lubber I have no use for the Crabs, Kelpie or Snapper Turtles but would prefer to take more bases of the Maggots and Water Bug (who will make a great Dungeon Critter) That format would be ideal, but an exhaustive list (minus stretch goals) would work too if you're short on time. Lars, could you please update the front page with the details of the pledge levels, as was requested by several backers? I'm making assumptions about what I will be receiving and I would hate to find out when I receive my package that I should have added additional stuff. Re: money back guarantee: KS doesn't enforce this guarantee, so we have to take your word for it. I'm not saying that you aren't trustworthy, just that we have no way to verify you are. All of us backing this project are taking a gamble and hoping we were right to trust you. We only have past accomplishments to go on, which means the ice age minis KS. Lars. I am glad to see that you are confident in the project. However, there is a difference between being confident and being - shall we say - aggressive. I will provide examples. When someone says "I have concerns you won't be able to deliver a product." The reassuring answer is: "We know things have been bad, but we are going to try our best to get you a quality product in a timely fashion. We have a much better team now and we are confident that we can meet our goals. However, we understand your concern, which is why we created the 15 dollar tier - a lost cost option for those who have the kinds of concerns you expressed." See how that answer (which is basically what Dina was saying several days ago) acknowledges the concerns of your customers while reassuring them that you will do your best to address those concerns? On the other hand, you seem to be dismissing customer concerns with responses like "that won't happen" or treating concerns as attacks or harassment. Yes, Olog was trolling - but the links he provided contained legitimate concerns that many of us share. Maybe I am misreading you. However, I think that is more an issue of the way you are making your statements than some failure of my reading. And it seems that others feel the same - since your comments, we have lost at least four backers - and that's only since I got here two hours ago. Your posts these past four hours sound angry. It is never wise to attempt PR while you are upset. My suggestion is to go work on some sculpts or have a sandwich or something. Cool off. Maybe have Dina handle the comments for a while. Oh, and whatever has happened in your e-mails is a separate issue. I haven't read your e-mails, so I don't know what went on there. All I know is what was posted here in the thread. I'm not talking about PT employees or the previous Kickstarter. I am talking about your comments, written today, in the past 3-4 hours. Customers lacking confidence in your company (which, for the purpose of making miniatures, is not 9 years old, but only just starting up) is not harassment. Please do not compare customers questioning your ability to deliver a product that you have never before delivered to actual harassment. Lars - I think you might want to check your attitude. Your company offered free miniatures, even if the KS failed, because the company had so severely harmed customer confidence. Your company did this as an apology, and in an attempt to make the deal so good that even those who were suspicious would take a risk, gamble 15 bucks, and see what happened. That's what we're doing - gambling. All of us here hope that you will succeed and deliver great miniatures - but we don't know that for sure. When people like Olog troll post (after all, Olog had to back the project to post), it is annoying, but the links he presented do present real concerns of real people (including backers who have pledged to this campaign). Meanwhile, when you attack people for not having confidence in your company - when your company, just three days ago, was forced into buying back customer loyalty - it doesn't make you come off as less suspicious. It makes you come off as more suspicious and trying to censor your critics. Olog's comments rolled right off my back because I already thought about that and decided 15 dollars was worth the risk. Your comments in the past two hours made me reconsider my pledge. I have not changed my pledge, but only because I believe that ADW Games deserves a chance. I suggest you think about your attitude before myself - and others - rethink that position. Thank you for the responses, Dina and Lars -- I'm going to respectfully remove my pledge, but I have bookmarked your website and I honestly look forward to seeing your product line grow in the future. I may be kicking myself later when I'm purchasing your miniatures for retail, but at least you will be receiving a fair profit at that point (and I do like companies I support to receive a profit from me as a customer). Good luck to you, and thanks again! I think a good example of what people are wanting is regards to quality are the 2 terror birds on IAM. They convinced me to pledge. The WIP sculpts were good in the beginning, but seemed to get worse (The 2nd sloth looked like Alf...). As always, quality is what matters. Quality in both product and service. Reaper just pushed back their Bones 2 kickstarter delivery due to the same quality issue. I think the whole trust issue stems from ADW trying to move too quickly without having solid sculpts at project launch and completed delivery the prior kickstarter to build trust with customers. Several IAM backers have stated on message boards they have not and will not pledge for another ADW kickstarter until product has been delivered so they can see it and feel it. They WANT to be fans of the product and want to fund projects like this, but they just want to have the first kickstarter delivered before they pledge more money. The "bashing" on the forums were from backers and they (including me) were complaining about the very same WIP sculpts that you rejected. Very disappointed by the us vs them attitude. I would like to point out that all of the discussion on the Dwarven Forge thread (haven't read the others) is from the forum members (and some of them, including me, are backers here) and NOT from the company. Lars, the gaming industry, as far as I have seen, is actually very welcoming. The concerns people have are the same they have had since IAM: lack of finished pieces. We appreciate you working the extra hours to get the sculpts done. People just want to see what they're funding. I am frankly astonished that people are backing this project, and that it looks like it will reach it's funding goal. I hate to be that person, but there are many warning signs and inconsistencies concerning this company, which have been discussed at length in various forums. Everyone is of course free to do what they want, but I would advice backers here to do some research before parting with their money. Some of these threads are long, with concerns mostly voiced towards the end. Good luck. <url>"free items" be purchased as add-ons if we want multiples? 9. Update #2 lists additional free items -- a set of mushroom terrain and a big or small scale monster. Are these in addition to everything else listed as a free stretch item? 10. Could you post a clear list of everything that comes with each pledge level and add-on, and the pledge price? I'd love to increase my pledge now (before the end of the Kickstarter) but I'm really not entirely sure how much to increase it by... So Lars, if I change my pledge to $2 plus shipping from its current $15 plus shipping, I still get the furniture (whole & broken), fungus and stretch goals? (Yes, I am an IAM backer) LArs: re SeaLion. It is a great looking concept..... now, the original 1980s look was decidedly un-impressive: <url>"legacy pledge" where it was stated anything >$1 would get stretch goals, is that still the case? I want to verify before the KS is over. Thanks Aard! I've updated the Pledge List with all of the new stretch goals: <url>#gid=0 I had suggested this in update #13. But what about a nice world turtle (or Aspidochelone)? @Brian: This spreadsheet, made by Aard_Rinn, may be helpful, although it's not up to date with the latest changes: <url>#gid=0 Everyone >$1 gets the stretch items. Stalagmites are definitely included in the $30 mushroom and higher, and potentially in the other $30 pledges too (waiting for confirmation from Lars). Otherwise, they can be added as a $10 add-on. @Aard - Maybe Narwhal have wings? Yes SeaLion....D&D style: <url>"IIRC" means, but ok, so add on for the Leviathan and then the that's all 10. Cool, thanks. Galit: IIRC the $30 does not get the Leviathan. Yep, the front page is looking good! I'm curious though... because the page lists 10 sea monsters, but the $30 sea monster pledge says only 9. Does that mean if someone wants all 10, they have to add on for a giant one? (I'm assuming it would be the Giant size... because even though the pledge description says 'small', the main page only says Giant or Epic) I think this piece of text needs to come out, or the FAQ needs to be written! ..........The exact method of casting is discussed in the FAQ section, and links are provided for anyone interested in the details of the casting methods being used........ More importantly need the prices for the Dungeon Furniture and Monster Lair sets (or individual pieces), the Mushrooms, the Spell Walls and extra copies of the Stretch Goal Slugs and Maggots added to the "add ons" list. It is looking a lot better now though. I spotted a typo on the front page: "Hello and welcome to ADW GAMES Sea Monsters, Terrain and Big ***east Kickstarter. " Wow- I check in after five days, and Lars has steered this left-for-dead project through funding and even stretch goals. It looks like there are some good thematic ideas going and a great deal for $15 pledges. But I'm bowing out of this KS, and as a fairly enthusiastic backer of your 3 KS projects, I wanted to mention why. I appreciate the effort put out by Lars and team to rescue this KS, but I just haven't seen anything happen on the Ice Age Mammals KS. I fully expected this KS to not be funded, just as the Band of Gnomes KS was cancelled, and that would have been great, because ADW Games could focus on building their reputation with their first KickStarter. But for whatever reason, you launched another KS after cancelling Band of Gnomes KS before moving forward on the Ice Age Mammals, which is a great concept. It's almost like you didn't learn from the cancelled BoG KS. I pledged both that KS and this one for the cool terrain wall ideas and sketches, and I'd still love to have them, but it's just too stressful wondering how thin you're stretched with the first KS still out there. I hope I'm wrong and you've sorted everything, in which case I'll be very happy if some Terror Birds and Cave Lions arrive in the mail. Good luck! Oh, and we blew past the last stretch goal. Can't wait for what's to follow :D Welcome to all new backers! Hmm, the current front page makes it seems as if there is only one $30 level. The porcine whale scult looks nice. I like the style much better than the reference image. BTW, I would remove the WIP image of the "Giant Gomphotherium" since it doesn't I hope/assume) represent final work. For someone who doesn't know how sculpting works (like me), it looks pretty bad. Also, I'm still waiting for the size chart :). Mostly since it's still not exactly clear that small=giant and big beast=sea monster=big sea monster=epic (I hope I got that right). Thanks Lars! I can't wait to see them! =) I have just caught up with everything as its a workday here & I just got home @Aard - great advice given - I would not contradict anything you said & actually want to further emphasise it. updating your home page here on KS I find is essential to ending your KS (& running it properly in the first place as some KS are badly organised & it puts people off)- 1) clear up what each pledge level gets now -this makes it easier to understand 2) tidy up any photos or pictures as you can - good sculpts & art with a combo of both is preferable & presents more professionally 3) make sure what you can get as add-ons are clearly listed such as IAMs that you will make available eg. sabertooths - people are likely to pledge for addons if they can figure out what is available & how much 4) the freebies for pledging are kept & any updates listed for them 5) make sure you have an extra stretch goal ready or 2 in case people decide to back that weren't going to or helps current backers to increase their pledge level/amount regards David If you want to stay with the mushroom theme, mushroom corals should be easy to sculpt but not as menacing as a brain coral. Like spider crabs! <3! Some ideas: <url>" and 3" long, will any of the sizes of sea monsters from the Theatrum Orbis Terrarum images be about that size too? Lars: are the Sea Monsters complete fully rounded sculpts or "waterline" flat base? Dina, re walls: Sorry, do you mean $7 before KS ends and $12 on Pledge manager OR $12 RRP This might have already been suggested. What about simple shark fins with a little sea foam/water ripple around them. You pop a few right onto a piece of lake/river/moat terrain, and it's suddenly shark-infested. You could do different sizes. Or maybe some sort of fantasy shark fin. Seems to me like these could be simple and widely useful in a variety of situations. Good evening all (from my perspective :-)) Probably already posted somewhere but could you let me know how much each wall would be as a an add-on. Thank you in advance. Those five would be an amazing start, yes. It's okay if a few details are left off - just focus on polished models, and them mention that they have yet to see final detailing. Furniture would in addition to a mostly-finished sculpt seems like a good idea to me since it would showcase what we can expect for the different types. It terms of time; I think a load of unfinished sculpts might do more harm than good. I would concentrate on detailing the figures (including links to inspirational/source art if you need something visual) and getting your information on each pledge level as clear as possible. If you want to sculpt, then I would say doing one figure well would be the best bet. I'd go for the small leviathan, and the size chart. It's a sunday, so I can do up a pledge chart for you if you want, or toss around some updates to formatting on the Docs chart... I'd say if you can use the next twenty hours or so to get one or two finished pieces done, that'd be perfect. A few more blocked out and at least taken past the fimo stage would also be good, as an update - try to limit the unfinished minis on the front page to only those near completion - and I'd skip any blocks that are only foil - they aren't really that interesting or impressive, visually, and they don't tell people anything useful about the process. I would also suggest any size reference information (small vs giant vs epic) as well as any add ons that you have. That will help motivate backers and increase pledges. Any sculpts that are done or preliminary would be best. I am ok with a bit of absence for you to get that in order. I know a lot of us backed IAM because of the great prelim sculpts... especially sculpt pics. Concept art is well and good, but sculpts are what people put money in for! Yes please =) Say, is this the same Dina Andrews: <url>"Small versions of 9 sea monsters" pledge also includes a larger monster as per update #2, or was that only if the project didn't fund? I'm a bit uncertain as to the sizes of the monsters due to the different names being used. Would it be possible to make an image showing a comparison of the small, large, epic, ... sizes? The strech goal images are a great example of what I'm looking for. Weekends are generally slower on Kickstarter, I guess most people have family tasks/needs that take preference. Thankfully here it is early evening so those are done with for a while! Next event of note is the 48 hour reminder email that KS sends out to anyone who has put the project on their watch list. They will see the email, look back at the project and decide then whether to back or not. That is the time you will need to have the frontpage up to date with all the necessary pictures etc and a clear guide on what each pledge contains. I think it is great that you and Dina have been able to turn this project around. Leeches, along with various forms and sizes of centipedes, ants, beetles, ticks, spiders, rats, worms and snakes are common in D&D gaming and are pretty well covered by various manufactures. But, more options on those types of things would always be welcome....and Maggots! For aquatic D&D there are not a lot of options as water themed standard D&D games are pretty rare but (along with normal and giant versions of common marine creatures) some notable creatures do exist: Chuul, which is like a giant beetle/sand flea cross with the front pair of arms replaced with lobster type claws. Water Mephit, classic Lovecraftian "deep one" look, short, squat humanoid form but fish features with large bulbous eyes and scaly skin. Locathha, A man sized, human form creature with transverse crested fish head, fins along the length of its arms and legs and webbed hands and feet (no tail). Skum: Similar to Locatha but smaller, evil looking and stooped/deformed. Merfolk: (male and female) Sea Devil (Sahuagin): also similar to the Locatha but has features more like a lizard/fish cross than human, walks upright, has tail. Tojanida: A form of giant turtle with snapping jaws, 2 dragon type arms with claws and 4 paddle legs. Sea Lion: Large (12ft long) creature with head, shoulders and front legs of a lion with the body and tail of a fish. The Lion bits are all covered in scales and the lion paws are webbed. A thin patchy version of a lion mane forms around the back of the head and shoulders and down the spine to the tail. Triton: Form of Merfolk but has 2 finned legs rather than a single fish tail. Not sure which of these names may be WotC copyright now. Maybe worth considering if you want stretch goals that work for both Marine and Dungeon aspects of this KS....but I am not sure of the potential ongoing market for anything other than the Skum and Mephit figures as degenerate Cthulhu fish men are popular in many different games. Although I would love to see a model of the Chuul with shorter stocky beetle legs than the plastic D&D miniatures figure. Oh, the castaline still hasn't arrived? Any idea when it's inbound? Well, you know I'm behind horses, absolutely, so the Tangie seems like a super-fun stretch goal! And the HISM is more than a bit awesome - kind of Groot-esque, IYKWIM, so! I love twiggy forest monsters and such... Any chance of some shots of the progress on the IAM minis? Also... FIVE DOLLARS. SO CLOSE. Giant Slug stretch goal looks good for Dungeon gaming, I would still really like to see some smaller Maggot type things though. Maybe rather than individuals, 2 or 3 sculpted together as a squirming pile sized to fit on 1" base. Thinking about the Monster Lair, there are very few pictures around. This one shows some of the elements necessary (although it is surprisingly clean considering Trolls live here) <url>"EU-friendly" shipping. I'm having some trouble understanding what exactly is included in each pledge level (AR's spreadsheet helps, but I still have some doubts). A detailed "offical" list in an update or on the main page would be helpful for new backers. If I understand correctly, everything that is included in the $15 pledge expect the furniture is also included in the $30 levels? So if I pledge for the "small version of 9 monsters", I'd also get the mushrooms and the extra epic monster as per update #2? So, if anyone wants to see the sort of resurgence we've had, look here: <url>#chart-daily We did as well today as we did in the first three days, and I'm sure we'll only do better as time goes by! I sent an email to my friends who I have asked to pass on as well - we are linked through a lot of gamers - hope it helps Sent out another tweet! Let's keep pushing! \o/ And wow - almost to 3k! Can we do 5k? I think so! KK - sent! A eurypterid would be very cool too :-) BTW, Lars, I sent you a PM - I'm not sure if it lets you know when one is sent, so I just thought I'd mention it... would it be a one for one rate? pay extra? or get say two for one? so are we now able to get ice age mammals like the sabertooth tiger? if yes can these be taken instead of sea monsters ? How about a nice Polypus? <url>#gid=0 Hey, Lars, send me a PM if I've left anything off, KK? Ooo, another "smaller" sea creature idea: <url>#facrc=_&imgdii=_&imgrc=S5Wo3NsncPlJlM%253A%3B0L9uWKcVOcohOM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.taipeitimes.com%252Fimages%252F2012%252F02%252F14%252FP02-120214-2.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.taipeitimes.com%252FNews%252Ftaiwan%252Farchives%252F2012%252F02%252F14%252F2003525453%3B480%3B318 they're all gorgeous. Also, thanks for the size info! Updating it now! I like the way this is rebuilding the enthusiasm it had at the beginning. I have increased my pledge again to include the mushroom pledge level too. If you are still looking for the 2nd stretch goal, how about a generic maggot/slug type thing for Dungeon gaming. Only small, about 3/4 inch long by 1/2 inch wide. No discernible facial features but a flat head possibly with small pincers: <url>"giant" marine creatures, but not so huge that it won't be usable several times - say, as a servant of merpeople, or the sea-god's personal steed. And it would look damn fine on a shelf! Actually, 10" is fine. Darklands stuff is BIG! Oh, will do! Thanks Lars! I just sent out a tweet, hopefully it'll bring in a few more backers! @all if you're on Twitter, please retweet! or tweet a message of your own! <url>"human" form? OSL eyes, maybe? If bigger minis are better, I remember seeing a documentary think on the shark god Dakuwaqa. Basically he is a huge (collosal?) shark that protects one of the islands. He can take any form but is most often encountered on land as a man with the upper torso of a shark... so basically a wereshark I guess... I don't know how you could convey Shark god vs just big shark though... Maybe give him some other features like spikes or horns... Or make him like the movie "Sharktapus" and give him tentacles. Like this... <url>"you can't take it with you". What's important is who we share our lives with, the memories we create and the values we instill in our children. It's who we are as a person that defines us, not the 'stuff'. That being said .... you have me seriously considering pledging on another account for that $30 sea monster level. so I pledged $55 - for the elemental walls level plus the $15 level plus shipping OS hope you get funded @Spade - I'm nearly a generation even further back, but everything you wrote applies. @ADW - Lars? That most recent post below did more to restore my confidence than all before and the offers. I love ice age mammalia. I live near the peabody museum in New Haven, and they have an irish elk skeleton there... it always used to be my favorite thing, that and the rhea. I have many fond memories of going there to look at the fossils with my father. @Lars: I am in my mid thirties, and I also had an Ice Age elephant book when I was about 5. I wore the pages out of it. Dragons were cool, elephants were neat, but that book was what first connected my so-tiny-yet-so-big mind between real and fantasy, and how wonderful the area between them can be. Those images are exactly why I looked at IAM. The artwork and models in IAM reflects my memories of that book so vividly. It silly, but I'm glad someone with those same (or similar) images is handling the models at ADW, seeing as I am hoping to use the minis to share my memories and maybe a bit of wonder with my own kids. Keep it up, and thank you. $15 plus $10 postage? Ok I'm in. Good luck! I for one am keeping my $75 Mushrooms, Walls, and Monster Terrain pledge. I really hope this funds. I am so very glad that you are still moving forward with all of the great ideas. I am thinking of sending out a new update to the Kickstarter Awesome List letting our 1100 members know about the changes and improvements to the campaign. Should help you reach funding. Well I have to say you all have gone a long way over the last couple of days to restore faith. I had downgraded to a $1 pledge but re-upped to the same $30 mushroom pledge and now the new $15 level is pretty enticing, so I dropped down to that pledge level.... but kept my $30 pledge. Nice job communicating again and I sincerely hope you get funded! Hmmm, $25 for a Big and a Bonus Big, or $30 for all the smalls and a bonus big... So many tough choices. If the KS fails to fund are you only sending the freebies (furniture and mushrooms) or will you be sending whatever the person pledge for? Not that I think it makes any difference, since I suspect this will fund ;-) For the $15 pledge, can we swap the sea monster for a Big Beast? Okay, so just to be clear, according to previous posts and the front page: Even if this KS doesn't fund (which means we, the 39 current backers, won't be charged any money) you will still be making the miniatures, sending out surveys, and shipping rewards? I only ask because that's kind of mind-blowing. I mean, that would certainly build some customer loyalty, but it also sounds like you would be taking a pretty major loss. If I've gotten something wrong, let me know. O_O Srsly? And you guys are totes my homies. Just let me know whenever you need a hand - I'm always happy to help out a friend! Just let me know if there are other things that need changing. I left the furniture bit vague until we have a list of items it's going to contain... Your loyal chartmaker has updated the chart a wee wot, eh? <url>#gid=0 It's just most likely that a lot of the sculpts will not be ready before the end of the kickstarter? I won't lie and say there isn't a definite level of lingering apprehension and suspicion after everything that has happened. As some have stated it's all about trust. That being said, everyone deserves a second chance. Please prove us right in trusting... Back in for the $75 pledge! @Lars - I'm a little unsure what the end goals are now. I was originally Pledging for the mushrooms, Spell walls and monster lair terrain ($75). Are you still trying to produce those and the 10 sea monsters? still hoping this'll fund. I agree. Photos would move me more, no harm intended I would like to see at least some of the finished monster sculpts before this ends, then... even some pictures would be a huge +. On the subject of cancellation alone:- I think it is fair enough to say, at this point, that there will not be finished sculpts so we will have to trust ADW Games to deliver. Those who don't want to take a risk have 6 days to cancel for themselves. Those who are willing to stay with the project then have a clear idea of the risk they are taking. And, like I said, I'm always happy to help - just let me know what you need. by presenting a concerted, positive customer service approach and a plan that shows skill and organization in your fulfillment. Much as I hate to say it, if you can't show us the sculpts by the end of this, you should cancel the project, as promised. Take a month or two. Get your IAM sculpts finished & figures sent. Finish the Core Figures for this KS - if you want to keep posting them here to get input, that's great! And then, come November or so, give us a finished KS. Give us complete sculpts, not hints at what could be. Give us your plan, and let people who've seen your resin from the first KS testify to it's quality. These poorly-run KS do nothing to build confidence in you as a company, and only hurt our trust in your ability to fulfill - and falling off of the radar for over a week is something that _never_ should have happened. You have my contact info, if you want to get in touch. But please, slow down, take some time to prove yourself and get your feet under you, and then start your next project. It's amazing how much people will forgive once people have resin in hand - but free gifts are just promises as ephemeral as the mini's themselves until you've proven those minis exist, and a remarkably expensive way to build goodwill that could be gained as easily @Creator - Will we still be able to see all the sculps before the project finishes? I am real happy about the last 2 updates. And I am doubly happy that the project is going to continue and be expanded. Very much looking forward to seeing the final sculpts for this campaign and Ice Age Mammals. (I'm scheduled to get a bunch of them) :) Yeah, I'm not optimistic about this one. I will consider backing a new project - and here's the key part - AFTER IAM arrives, but at this point I want to see resin in hands before I give more money. Lars has posted an update. An interesting read. Well, if we're talking about this project in the past tense, here's the post-mortem: <url>#chart-daily This KS project was halfway funded on Day 3, which is a good sign for funding even with the concerns about Ice Age Mammals sculpts. Day 3 is also when the daily backer comments peaked (59). After that funding, comments, and backers came to a dead stop, but not the usual doldrums until the 48-hour fence-sitters return to a project. We had almost NO comments, and a slow bleed of funding and backers. Kicktraq shows this KS trending to $1100, which is optimistic. I'm leaving my pledge up, but at this point realistically I'm waiting for Ice Age Mammals to re-sculpt and ship at the end of the month, and then see if a planned KS project follows. (<url>"The Sea Monster KS did not do well." Note the past tense. However, I am still holding out for a update. They have 7 days to produce sculps for all the models on this KS, or they've committed to cancelling if. 9 days now, is it? Christ... Well, they just posted in their other KS... At this point, no high hopes for this one, though. :< I'm outta here. Hope it works out for the rest of you! Adios amigos 6 days. no contact whatsoever. Something has had to have happened to make them go from friendly, chatty, very hands on creators to no contact at all. I sent a message directly to Dina asking her to either talk to us or cancel the kickstarter if she is no longer supporting it. Damn it! This kickstarter had a lot of things I really liked. I threw a $1 on this one to stay updated. The Sea Monsters didn't interest me, but some of the add-ons might be appealing. With the way other miniature KS are exploding it's sad to see one so quiet. They really need to focus on IAM, ship a great product, and then their future projects would fund like crazy. I figured you'd hand around AR :-) I suspect all the attention is being given to the IAM KS which is why it is quiet here. If all the modelling bandwidth goes on the IAM too, then I presume we won't be seeing a lot of model updates here for a while. It would be good to get an update from ADW Games ;-) Oh, I'm not going anywhere, Fox! I'll stay around and hang, do the plege sheet... But I only have ~50 a month to spend on KS, and if these guys don't stay on top of things, I'm not going to throw my money away... They sent out an update for the Hand-Sculpted Miniature Ice Age Mammal Set Kickstarter about 45 min ago saying everything for that one was fine. I don't know why they haven't responded here at all. Hopefully they will soon. I hope Dina and Lars are OK. It's been way too many days without any word. Come back Aard_Rinn - we miss you already ;-) Well, 5 hours later, and I'm thinking I might bail on this. It was a nice go, but for 30$, I think I'll sculpt my own mushrooms... And there are a couple of other KS that I feel more confident in. It's a shame - I really liked this company. I'll stay in for a buck, and if things pick back up, I may consider rebacking, but it'll take a lot.... Heres hoping the Mammals KS goes well and restores my faith. We miss you! Hey, Lars! Are you there? Come back! 12 days < 2 weeks. Where are the WYSIWIG add ons? Yup, I have to agree with Aard_Rinn ... at this point, I'm not impressed. The last (and only) update was 4 days ago and the last comment/interaction in this comments area was 3 days ago. Realm Master K is right. In my experience too, lack of communication is a killer for projects. If the creators/developers don't show that they care.... why should the backers? Even a tiny note to check in and let us know what you've been up to, would be good. They just updated the Ice age kickstarter. I left a comment asking for a little love over here. Hopefully someone gets it soon. Dina - We really need an update here. I sent out an update to the Awesome List which 1100 people got in their inboxes. When they come check out the project, they really need to see activity and communication. That is what inspires people to pledge for a project. In my experience dead air is something that is counterproductive to high funding. Please give us an update and come back to the comments section. Ah. Well, I gotta say, unimpressed. Check out Update #1 - It's from Lars, and then Dina drops in with a comment three days ago. So if I'm reading it right, everything EXCEPT sea monsters and big beasts is CAD now. I assume that means CAD is Dungeon Terrain Sets #1-3: walls, mushrooms, mushroom dudes, stalagmites, chairs, dinette sets, four-poster beds, fruit bats, and bones. (I'm pretty sure the furniture was always going to be CAD anyway, reading from the comments.) There's still two weeks to finish sculpts... Wait, Dina? I though we were switching to CAD because it's easier to do bitz when you can just use the cropline and stagger tools to make neat edges...? Dina came back and took over control of the project and was arranging to switch from hand sculpting to 3D/CAD rendering for the Dungeon and scenic pieces. Guess that all takes time to set up. I am not sure what is happening about the hand sculpted sea monsters and beasts, I assumed that was still continuing as before. But yeah, some information would be good. Yeah, this is getting pretty disappointing... What happened to the daily updates? It's been very quiet the past 2 days. This is not a complaint :-) I've been away from home for a few days and havn't been keeping up with comments / home page updates... So what is new? Weren't we supposed to get a photoupdate today? And an update of IAM? I like the idea of the angel... OK, don't know what others think but my 1/2/3 would be: 8 spoked wheel from the playing card images. Nautical type compass/dividers from the playing cards & logo. Crucified angel/bird from the logo. I think the rose would be a bit indistinct in 28mm size and skulls are too clichéd on fantasy miniatures/scenics thanks to GW excesses. Great update! Smaller pieces being done in 3D rendering should give a first class result and make it easy to keep a standard theme/style through all the pieces. Maybe the 4 poster bed, dresser and wardrobe can feature a carving of the same crest of arms or heraldic symbol on each. I was hoping to have an update today. Cool! I'll be looking foward to it! Any chance of a few more pictures today? I'd love to see what you guys got done... I would be interested in receiving my Ice Age Mammals pre-painted if at all possible. That would be really great. Not sure if that will be an option, but I bet it would be popular if it was. Hm... you know, you might be able to find a market for some of these sea monsters at aquariums. I know that the Maritime Aquarium has a lot of mythological bricabrac, and if you wrote up a little booklet about the monster in question and packaged it in something tasteful and subdued, they might be interested in selling these for mantlepieces and such... something that might be worth investigating? Awesome! I have absolutely no artistic talent to even try to paint, so I'd love pre-painted. =) oh and my vote would be for broken furniture :) This might be a silly question.... but will the finished product(s) come painted or unpainted? (or will their be a choice to have either or?) Liking the stalagmites so far! This is pre-detailing, right? Hm... at 10$ for twelve, I can probably spring for a couple. I don't do much cave stuff, but I'm picturing these as tall mushrooms, Avatar-style, or something more like Indian pipe... Painted with ivory outsides and blue glowing coming from within, these could be a lot of fun as a delicate light-shedding forest plant or magical mystery lamp, or with black/brown outsides and red glowing, they could make neat lava flumes/volcanic fungus/sorcerer's lamps... I would love to also have a set of crude furniture like you would expect to find in a troll's lair or an Orc encampment. I am totally down for both Intact Furniture and Broken Furniture, especially if they look similar enough that I can replace an intact piece with Broken bits as they are broken in a fight. That would be EPIC!! I would also love to have access to more Stalagmites. Hehe it's ok, I retweeted =) Woohoo! I'd retweet, but I dinnae have a twitter... Congratulations!! You're a Kickstarter Staff Pick!! \o/ <url>"may change" caveats) and add the set to the front page like you have the monster lair done. People looking at Kickstarters from forum links etc like to see updates as it shows the progress so far and upcoming goals of the project. Edit: Done! @robh - I think those are more like the direction they're heading? It doesn't make much sense if those are the precise ones they're going to do... more of an artistic direction, I think. A shattered throne might be cool, though... something fancy! Furniture designs are good for me, swap out chair 7 for a wardrobe (you have chairs with the table set) and I don't understand no 10 (lovely diorama though it is) or is that the look you are going for with the entire set (before the orcs ransack it)? That chair is awesome, with the lion-drake? I love stuff with animals carved in... but the whole set looks good. If you do a canopy-bed, can we get some big, smooth surfaces and nice, broad curves in the folds of the curtains, to make things easier on us freehanders? Edit: New pledge levels? FFS... :D Give me a minute... Walls? Walls! Glad to see Ice-Wall-with-Dwarf-Skull is back, as well as the Rosy-Thorn Wall- very cool. (Maybe an Wall of Bedazzlement, or the Wall of Gears as stretch goals?) I'm in for all the dungeon dressing, of course, but you might want to double-check what's already been done in the Mushroom-and-Stalagmites Department. Check out the ones already shipping from Dwarven Forge in a couple of months (they also made a stalagtite that reaches down to ground level): <url>"bowl" formations where they form a flat low rimmed bowl alongside or in the junction between 2 pillar forms. The shallow bowls will look great filled with toxic colours and gloss varnish. Also as AR says, some fungi clinging to them and maybe bones around on the bases. Make them free standing or with minimal irregular shaped bases. Furniture ideas sound good, but need to see some concepts/pictures. Hi all! I think broken furniture would be quite useful, and fairly unique. Robh's room description is bang on. The key is useful, versatile pieces that are not being created by a dozen other companies. So far Adwgames is excelling at that! Some other ideas: Monster beds/nests, rubble, makeshift barricades, smashed wagon, torture devices, corpse/pile of corpses (how gruesome!) That would be very cool, especially if you made a few clusters... I'd really love to see some small details on the bases, like you were going to do with the walls. A skull at the base of one, some tiny mushrooms growing next to another, stuff like that? Just to give it a little more detail and make it more interesting to paint? Really? Awesome! ... I don't know what either of those is. I'm interested in a few things to use on my outdoor mats, that could help add elevation and interesting things for my players to explore in conjunction with some of the bigger monsters you guys are making? I was thinking that ruined castle pieces could be used in forests, or also as underwater ruins, and stuff like that... if I've completely missed what you guys were going for, nevermind! :I Oh, by the way - a sofa. Seats ripped up, with stuffing everywhere. Would be *so much fun* to paint... Holy shit, I think I just accidentally a wall of text... did *not* realize how much I was blabbering! Broken Furniture, definitely broken. "...as you push gently on the old wooden door it slowly creaks open revealing what was once an ornate and well funished bedroom. Only now the wardrobe and dresser lie smashed and broken against the wall to your left, the once inspiring 4 poster bed is a wrecked and ruined pile of barely recognisable timbers and rags over to your right. Other piles of timber around the room could once have been expensive wooden chests and tables. From the stench and wanton destruction you can see you are not the first people to have come across this place..." I'd prefer a goodly bit of broken stuff - IDK what other people prefer... Some stuff that's basically flattish rubble piles - smashed desks and stuff like that that can mark uneven terrain or areas to investigate - and then stuff that's around 1" tall and 1", 2" or 3" inches long that can serve as cover and obstructions for players and their enemies. If you were thinking of doing a few larger pieces (which I would love!) some pieces with a x3 or so base area that are ~2 or even 3" high might be fun - for example, caved in bits of roof with stones, cobbles, wooden beams, and slate shingles that provide a 35* incline or so that players can climb, perch on, and use as cover? Or a bombed-out (dragoned-out?) hovel, like 3x5" and 1-2" high, that can be used as a base of operations for a wargame or as a ruined cottage in the woods? Something like this, without the tree (or with an optional treestump that can be glued in? I think it looks lovely, but making something like that a two-parter would offer more variety and make it easier to paint...): <url>" base would be perfect. Small and light enough to move without having to worry about frailty, large enough to make an impressive piece, and hopefully inexpensive enough that two or three could make up a small school of full-grown, smaller whales, or a group of attendants to a big one, or mounts for merpeople. Stuff like that. Littleones littleones littleones. As add-ons, maybe? Or stretch goals> But some smaller, easier to use ones might be good for RPGers who won't necessarily have a chance to use a huge model more than once or twice... Thanks for the links, you guys. I do a fair bit of acrylic clay modeling (fimo is my muse, god bless 64c/block days at my local craft stores) and I use alcohol to smooth mine. Already 2/5ths of the way to goal - excellent! Would be great if you could make a photo journal of one of the large beasts from start to finish. Your sculpting style/technique is very different from the standard gamer figures epoxy putty method. People more used to the smooth clean look of WIP epoxy sculpts are having a hard time understanding where you go from the rough dremel cut look of your WIP images. Looks like I'm Lucky # 13 Love the Walls, Monster Lair Terrain and shrooms aka fungi Looking forward to the stretch goals Big days are the best days! I'll update the list with finished sculpts as we see them! Yeah, I think that the waterspout will be really cool. Some fallen logs might be cool to go with the treestumps, too - they're basically low walls for swamps... I like the dungeon scenics list. Assuming the Recognisable Debris is in the main pledge I would vote for these as a priority (based on the ready availability of some of the other items already) Ransacked tomb (add-on) Water spout and Whirlwind (add-on) Stalagmites (free and add-on) Medieval torture Chamber (add-on) Woo! Much happy abounds! So, do people who back at the 75$ level get one of every unlocked terrain? Or do they only get the "free" ones? Ooo... Myconids are always cool! I love your refreshing take on gaming miniatures! It seems obvious in hindsight to look for historical inspiration for the sculpts (here and on the ice age project), but you are the ones who brought it to the table. Keep up the great work! I wouldn't mind a few more mushrooms as a stretch goal, either. Some ideas: Morels False Morel Golden Jelly fungus Violet Coral Fly Algaric (a true classic, and one of the most distinctive mushrooms out there!) Devil's Cigar Some mushroom-themed figures might be cool too. A mushroom troll, perhaps, with a body that looks almost wooden, covered in turkey-tails and agaric? Moss growing up his feet, and so on? Or an optional frog that can be attached to one of the mushrooms, crawling up over the edge of the cap, hind legs kicking as it tries to get up? Stuff like that might be fun - add a little fantasy flair to the mushrooms set! Lars: Sounds good. Don't forget virtually all dungeon games base models and game movement on 25mm grids with most corridor sections being 50mm wide. On the list I passed to Dina, Monster Lairs (Orc, Troll, Goblin etc) and 'Recognisable Debris' (the remains of smashed wardrobes, dressers, writing desks etc) are the things really lacking in existing ranges. Quetzal might make a cool mythical god-bird, too, now I look at it... I'd love to see some smaller sea creatures - selkies, mermaids, and such! Some elementals, again, would be great, especially sea-creature themed - sea lions, turtles, osprey and so on... I'd also love to see a sea serpent modeled with the leafy sea dragon in mind. I've seen some great examples in drawings, but never a sculpt I liked. And as a last thought... achiyalabopa. Punch it into google. Would make a good buddy for our friend the simurgh, right? O-P Yeah, I sent you a PM, Lars! Looking good! I'm adding the concept art to the list... I've also unlocked it, Robh. Just for you. Happy birthday, or something! Pledged to get that sweet hippocampus! Shared on FB and twitter, good luck! AR, you have the pledge list on password access only. Hi, How soon can we get some concept pictures of the dungeon pieces? I swapped a few mails with Dina about these, would be great to see what you have planned. BAM! Who's the fastest? Aard's the fastest. Pledge list! <url>#gid=0