So, This Happened – Leashes are here! We are just as excited to get you and your amazing dogs their leash, as you are to get yours. This week, we will be packing around the clock, so look for yours in the mail in the next week or so. Surveys, Surveys, Surveys So far most everyone has written us via the surveys to let us know your address, toy choices, etc. If you are one of those who missed the survey, please log in to Kickstarter and complete a survey or email me at <email>. Include your address, choice of toy (Giraffe, Aardvark, Chicken, Navy/Orange, Orange/Red, or Red/Yellow Binkie). Also include if you increased your pledge, and if so what you would like for the additional funds (Leashes were $32 and Toys were $13). We all have our favorite toys here, and we were surprised to see how evenly the survey choices were divided between the six toys. I thought for sure you would all choose the Aardvark, Jennifer loves (is obsessed) with the Binkies, Gee the Giraffe, and Kent thought you'd choose the Chicken. So happy to see the love spread between them! And Finally – As always, thank you for your support. The We Leash would not be without your help! All the best, Jennifer + Shannon For The Lack Of Puppy Pictures In Our Recent We Leash Update, Our Apologies . . . For more . . . visit our Kickstarter campaign updates <url>– Step One – Go to the We Leash Kickstarter page – <url>– and click the Manage your Pledge button. If you have not pledged, it will say Back this Project. Step Two – Increase your pledge in the Pledge Amount box by the sum total of the add-ons you want to add. Do not change the tier you are currently pledged to. If you want to change the tier you have pledged, be sure to add the total of your add-ons and the difference between your current tier and the new tier. Step Three – At the end of the Kickstarter campaign you will receive a survey allowing you to select the specific add-ons you would like to receive. The free toy will be randomly chosen. There are no additional shipping charges for add-ons, for both domestic and international backers. To Add-On A We Leash – Add $32/Leash To Your Pledge To Add-On A We Leash Compatible Organic Plush Toy – Add $13/Toy To Your Pledge Our Most Asked Question Of The Week How do you know exactly what I want and where to send it? We will send a 'survey' at the end of the Kickstarter Campaign that will allow you to tell us which toy(s) you would like and where to send everything. As well, if you increased your pledge to add on additional leashes ($32) or toys ($13) you can tell us in the survey exactly what you would like. Look for the surveys late next week. It's easy, but a little different, so please, please let us know if you have any questions via Kickstarter or <email>. Leashes Are On Time For Delivery Mid-October Thank You Backers! For all your help, we promise to be a company that works tirelessly for dogs and the people who love them. A generous portion of our proceeds directly benefits Canine Assistants in their mission to provide service dogs to people in need, free of charge. For your contribution, we thank you. This offer applies to all backers, current and new, so please forward this on! Jennifer + Shannon From This . . . To This . . . Today you turned a great idea into an amazing product, we are funded! Jennifer had been using this primitive version of the We Leash with so much success for what seemed like forever at Canine Assistants. Now, thanks to you, all dogs and the people that love them will be able to use a much a better version of the We Leash – an uber-comfortable neoprene handle and slight stretch for you and fun,organic plush toys for your dog. This is a great day for dogs (and their people too)! Leashes are on their way (well, nearly)! This morning, we had the pleasure of calling our factory to say that we actually can pay them and please, step on it! Leashes are on schedule, to be delivered mid-October this year, in plenty of time for the holidays! So, if you know anyone looking for a great holiday gift for themself, their dog, or a loved one and their dog, please share the We Leash with them. To share on Facebook, click here <url>– that's what we mostly have around Canine Assistants! But, I've had great success with other breeds-as have friends and our test team. Basically if your dog will hold anything in his or her mouth at all (including a rawhide) it should be easy to encourage him/her to hold the leash. Making your dog’s end of the leash ‘come alive’ by wiggling it or waving it is usually all it takes. When your dog grabs the leash, praise him! It won’t take long for your dog to realize the benefits of walking you on leash. Any necessary effort is well worth the advantages-for both of you. Thanks for the question! – Jennifer Without Further Ado – Cute Puppy Pictures Thank you to Kevin Lowery Photography, he shot all of our We Leash photos, and many of the puppy photos, what a talent! We are beyond excited, to see the We Leash a reality. Thank you so much for your support! Jennifer + Shannon Seriously, Thank You! We knew that last one would get you to open this email, so we will not keep you waiting – What a great start! Thank you for sharing our passion for the We Leash and our love for dogs! It really has been a great day for dogs! In the past 24 hours we have received these notes from Kickstarter – On to Our Question of the Day What do I do with the toy if my dog does not want to carry his handle or toy on our walk? You'll love this part. If at times your dog chooses not to hold the toy, the two lines simply snap together creating a “regular” leash. You can unclip the toy and we have provided a carabiner for convenience near the human handle where the toy or handle can hang. You have already done so much supporting our project, can we ask one more favor? Please spread the word about the We Leash to your friends, followers, and all your dog peeps! <url>