So... we’re not getting the cards? Yeah for all the money Kickstarter makes they should be able to reimburse people who get screwed on projects like this and then go after the creator themselves to recoup their costs. Seems like that would be more fair and would deter scams, since they would have to deal with Kickstarter instead of John Doe. I read this recently and immediately thought of this project, and another card deck project from Alex Willis, neither of which ever happened, to my knowledge. <url>"your" comments as well. I will check them for reddit nicks periodically. I am one of the few people who got a full refund, but I feel somewhat guilty because I actively promoted this campaign. Does a lawsuit have to be in the state of PA where Alex Willis resides? Jeremie, what did you find out from the US playing cards company, did he ever place an order? I'm still pissed to be out $24.50, and no response from the letter I wrote him. Dunno So any updates on the lawsuit? I've contacted Kickstarter about this seeming to be a scam; and also the United States Playing Card Company to see if Alex Willis ever placed an order with them. By any chance is there anyone else in Philadelphia. I actually live in the same city as him evidently lol. Unbelievable that with so many backers scammed Amazon Payments or Kickstarter, those who have access to the information necessary to find him and attempt to get back the funds do nothing. I do know it is not per Kickstarter policy to intervene in such matters but in the case of obvious fraud you think Amazon payments would have some means of recourse. Anyone else in California? If so, I just filed a complaint with the California State Attorney General's office & I encourage you to do the same. I live in Canada Dustin...would Canadians benefit? This user's account has been deleted. To all backers of this project that was funded and did not deliver any rewards: The State of Washington Attorney General's Office has filed a lawsuit against another Kickstarter project creator whose project (Asylum Playing Cards) performed in the same deceitful manner as this one (i.e., promised rewards, fully funded, and reneged without delivering any rewards). The lawsuit seeks restitution for consumers effected, civil fines, and reimbursement of the state's legal costs. Since neither Kickstarter nor Amazon Payments have taken any actions in response to the numerous complaints that many of us have made, this is a promising option. Here is the information on the lawsuit: <url>#.U2RhP1eTK4r I am going to make a complaint ! @safyrejet - reddit name fuzzball67 Ouch, Thomas! I feel really bad for you to be out $185. I don't think you or anyone else will hear back from KS, but the fact they let him have a second project when the first was not properly fulfilled, makes me think KS was negligent for not doing their due diligence. Yes they have a disclaimer, but that should not absolve them from negligent acts. Pretty sure there are many people on KS who curse the name of Alex Willis, if indeed that is his real name. Probably changed it by now. @safyrejet: reddit name: llrivas Thanks! Freaking hell. 1st Mar 2014. I have given up hope on this deck. Curse you Alex. I urge anyone who pledged for Kickstarter campaigns that never delivered to complain on Kickstarter. Just go to the bottom of the page, click Support under the Help section, find the project, and then open up a support ticket. The more the better! ETA: If anyone checks out the comments section in the MF deck kickstarter, it looks like the reddit commenter Sebastian will be checking this thread as well. Thanks Sebastian. Please add me to your subreddit too. I've tried sending Alex messages and given him as much benefit of the doubt I can. This is just unacceptable. Nickname "safyrejet" Wyng'd Lyon, The content I put in quotes was a copy/paste of someone else's comment on the other project which I linked to (the blue hyper link in the second comment there) I didn't make the reddit thing. Sorry, I actually don't even know how I would get into the reddit conversation, which is what I indicate in the second comment. This isn't the only project Alex Willis has set up and collected money on, then cut off contact and updating on after it's too late for most people to get refunds. Bryan, You can, but you normally only have 30-60 days from the charge date to do so. At least that is what my bank does. Dumb question - if I used my debit card to pay for this project, can I still file a complaint as if it were credit card fraud? @safyrejet: reddit name: wyngdlyon Thanks! Only thing is, I'm not sure how we'd get access to the reddit conversation, given we can't contact the guy who created it. But still, anyone who's stuck trying to figure out what to do, the comments from this project might enlighten you. <url>"Alex can read anything we write here, which may be a problem now that some start with legal proceedings. I created a private subreddit where we can discuss this in a more private setting. <url>"your" comments as well. I am one of the few people who got a full refund, but I feel somewhat guilty because I actively promoted this campaign." I haven't heard anything back from my complaint with Kickstarter either and that was a week ago =( I'm out $185, and did not realize this was a scam until I just read all the recent comments here. I reported my loss to Kickstarter and to Amazaon Payments, but have heard nothing back. Nani - I took part of your comment and wrote the following: This project creator, Alex Willis, ran a fraudulant project and gave us just enough updates to push us over the dispute deadline! He stole everyone's money and I am now out $24.50 It is apparent that he had no intention of fulfilling this project, but instead was using the money to attempt to finance a previous project, which also remains unfulfilled. I reported at the bottom of the home page and encourage others to do so as well. Maybe it will get some attention of Kickstarter. I reported this project with the button on the bottom of the project's home page. I wrote: "This project creator, Alex Willis, ran a fraudulant project and gave us just enough updates to push us over the dispute deadline! He stole everyone's money and I am now out $25. According to the comments, he also did the same thing with his previous project. Why did KS let him have another project?? I understand that you are not guaranteeing the projects, but you have to do your due diligence before approving a second project for funding! Come on you guys, please make an extra effort to make things right." I tried both. Amazon's special dispute department said they wouldn't do anything, and neither would my CC company. Alex gave us just enough updates to push us beyond the timeframe to file a dispute, which is making me furious. I contacted Kickstarter, and they said they are trying to contact him directly to get him to give us updates and reply to outstanding messages. Thanks you guys for the heads up, I will try Amazon. Once I find the right link! Since we use our credit cards with amazon, do you think we have any recourse with the credit card company? I also contacted Amazon payments and report this project and his other that I contributed to. I suggest other contributor's do the same as this is theft and fraud. I just ran into the problem with it being more than 75 days. I called Amazon Payments directly, and their special dispute team is going to investigate the issue. Hopefully, I will have good news in a few days that they will be giving me my money back. FYI....This doesn't seem to be the only project he's failed to deliver on: <url>"Problems with this transaction". Make sure you copy the transaction number before you click it, as they are going to ask you to reference it on what ever option you select for disputing the charges. I wrote to Alex at the address in PA, but have not heard back. I am out $25. Does Amazon refund payments for non delivery? Has anyone ever gotten a refund from Amazon? I wonder if I can go to the credit card company that I used for my Amazon account. I didn't even know you could use Paypal with KS, the only option I could find was amazon. Learning more everyday! How do we go about getting a refund from Amazon payments? Just for those who aren't aware - I just tried to find contact information on Alex's publishing company - AP Publishing House. I've visited the page several times for information in the past, but today, the website seems to be gone. I get a "sign into office 365" page. I tried signing in to see if was an error on my side of the system, but it's an AP Publishing sharepoint sign in page. So...it looks as though the parent company through which this deck is supposed to be shipped is no longer public. I've messaged Alex for the 3rd and final time to get a refund. If I don't hear anything this week, I'll be opening a dispute through Amazon payments. It's too bad, really. The reason I pledged with him again was because of the good experience (with a smaller pledge amount) that I had with the zombie deck. And I did my research for that one - I figured a publishing company would be able to handle these kinds of projects with no problems... Just goes to show. I emailed Kickstarter to report this. and i called Alex and left a message on his Phone I did get a refund from the 1616 Project thru My credit card as i had paid thru PayPal and they have an agreement to back PayPal Transactions. Good Luck....steve Pulled this from the comments on one of Alex's cancelled KS Project: Michael Ferrante on Nov 28 Since he is seems to be trying to disappear, here is Alex's Contact information: 100 Wood Corner, Lititz, PA 17543 (717) 733-5158 Well darn it to heck. One of the least expensive Kickstarters I have contributed to, but one I had lots of excitement in receiving. Alex is definitely off my Christmas Card list. (If I wrote Christmas Cards) So her eis the answer from USPCC: Hi Andreas, The Michael Frommer deck is printed and pending shipment. Victorian Adventure is not printed as of yet. Thanks! So... I think we've been scammed! Bye Bye money People on another project are claiming this guy is scamming people and should be reported. They say he cancelled a third project when someone said he was scamming people. So I think we've all been scammed! :/ Andreas - Did you send the message to USPCC or to Alex? December 28th in Asia, and I have not received my decks.... I have written and asked if the decks were actually printed the USPCC. If I have an answer, I'll write it here I emailed him directly and messaged through KS with no response to either. A couple of people were able to get refunds, but no such luck for me so far. Nobody is hearing anything directly from Alex? I officially filed a mail/wire fraud complaint with the USPS. Internet activity does count according to their FAQ. Alex was nice enough to leave up a website with his address, phone, and email. I will post an update if I hear from the post office. Nani - It looks like the KS before this one failed to ship. He was promising that they would October timeframe if I remember correctly. I don't think this was a "fake". It looks like his first project did work out, but then things went wrong for him. I pledged $25 and expected these for Christmas.... Jamie, you mean there are other KS projects he reneged on? I guess I did not do my pre-pledge homework well enough, as I missed that bit of info. Brian, I am not sure we can go to the postal inspectors because nothing was sent via US mail. Dang, if Alex does not come through, then this is the second fake project that I backed. The first is the Felted Soaps. Jamie's guess seems reasonable. I'm still hoping that he will turn up again (perhaps after the new year) and say _something_ but we'll see. I don't mind being patient, but and hopefully I'm not just waiting for nothing. Is there a possibility to ask the USPCC if the cards were printed at all? This site contains links to file a complaint: <url># on another one of the KS projects and I see that at least a couple of people have contacted him to get refunds using that method. Anyhow, Alex, if you can't afford to come through please come out and say so. Then you can deal with us in an adult fashion, be it us saying "Nevermind", giving a refund or finding a way to actually get our cards if/when they are actually printed. Jaie I'd appreciate an update as well. (Y'know, in case complaints have to reach some sort of critical mass before we get a response). I don't think we are ever going to get a response or the deck. What are our options? Kickstarter is useless for undelivered projects. Can we all start filing wire fraud complaints with the USPS? Yo Al my Family is down in Philly Should i send them over to get the Cards.......steve Hello, any News about the cards? I sent a message yesterday and have not had a response yet. Ok...so what's going on? No update in 3 months is a bit excessive to say the least. were the cards at least printed... if not I want my money back Well, I'm disappointed. Any news at all? Life support? Anything? Any updates on this or your other MMG projects? <url>ànt advertiser suspended. Since your spam on three projects there have been an unproportionate increase in funds vs backers. Declined cards help noone. Especially if Alex can't pay for the USPCC run. Wohoo! $41 away! Less than $1000 to go! Alex, can you move these to the Design category? Decks of playing cards there seem to be doing well. Maybe send a note to the designers of the Calaveras and Federal note and Persian cards and ask them to mention (and link to) your project to their backers (and do the same for them). I've increased my pledge a few times and really want to see this project get funded. I went from buying 2 decks to a brick of 12, really want these! I added another deck yesterday. I added two more decks. They will be great presents. Come on folks!! Double up and give them to friend! They will love them! Doubled my pledge! Lets make this happen people. An update with info about the add-on's and a link to them might help since people don't always read the comments and it's pretty far down on the front page. www.kickstarter.com/projects/344063227/fund-michael-frommers-1616-silver-bicycle-playing I feel like this is the little engine that could: I think we can! I think we can! We can do it I'm sure! Alex, is there anyway you can contact KS and ask if the would look at your project to consider for a Staff Pick? As it is down to the last week maybe you can get some exposure there. We need the big guns out now! This user's account has been deleted. I love your work, but it appears that it's going to become a theme that your projects give me multiple heart attacks before they end :P Awesome thanks will do that! Hi I'm considering to upping my pledge to two decks but I was one of the early backers how much should I add? Thanks after looking at them again and again I like them even more See the cards project "Federal 52", that was under just plain "design"? Wouldn't the Design category cast a wider net? That is actually the first place I go when looking for projects to back. Your cards are the nicest set out there. There must be a reason people are not seeing your project easily. Ill keep telling my friends...but I only have a few! This is an awesome deck. I love the artwork! However, I believe this would be fully funded now if you had put it under Games: Tabletop games... I'm sharing like mad everyone on the internet I can find to share. These cards are amazing. I love them and you'll be happy to know you are my very first kickstarter that I backed! Thansk to Jamie Bergman for sharing!!!!!! Sharing the heck out of this one! Wow! Steampunk Cthulu gets a reprint, Elves & Orcs is almost funded, Instruments of War is launched and now this awesome project! Never a better time to be a cardophile and a Steampunker! One more thing: Is there some way those of us who support your projects can be put on some kind of mailing list for future ones? Your work is terrific and I would really hate to miss the next literary collection. Please excuse what may sound like a stupid question, but I assume the add-ons will be ironed out on the survey at the end of the project? I love this deck, but I really want an Italian 1616 deck as well and so pledged for this deck and added $15 for the other. Or is there something else I need to do as well? I love the art as well as the concept! I really hope you hit your goal. Would love future decks with other literary themes. Good luck. Any chance of adding 1616 deck's to this project as add-on's? The cards are beautiful. But rather than having your first stretch goal the option to buy a box, what do you think about instead making a blue backed deck? You only need to change the red icon to blue. This would be a better value for your backers who ordered two decks. That could be a $9,000 stretch goal (it doesn't have to be labeled as #1, since you can't changed KS copy).