Hi team, Over the course of this project, we have designed, engineered and tested a lot of hardware and software. We have purchased components for AGENT Smartwatch rewards. We have built out an assembly and service center for AGENT Smartwatches, as promised, in the USA. Unfortunately we have also really struggled on the watch case design front, and our watch case design team has experienced significant setbacks. We have also been able to evolve AGENT technology beyond the original software we demoed and which was analyzed in-person by backers during the fundraising campaign and at several public events. In today's update, I will show you some of the ongoing work that our team has done to make the developer experience for AGENT Smartwatches even better—and provide you with a download link if you would like to use some of the work in your own maker and wearable IoT projects. I want to be very clear regarding expectations on technology work beyond that which was originally promised: Secret Labs has taken on a significant amount of debt to cover burn rate and cost overruns on this project related to the watch case design troubles, to cover lease and debt payments on the service center, etc. With that, our technology team has been able to build some cool new technology for AGENT Smartwatch rewards—but the budget for ongoing (non-core) technology development is very limited (i.e. we are only be able to build part of the new technology prior to/without funding from retail sales). ECMAScript 6 compiler One of the projects we have put some significant effort behind is expanding the AGENT Smartwatch development platform. From day one, we have had really great support for C# developers. We really love C# and we really love C# developers. But a lot of the world's developers write code in JavaScript—and we have been working on a from-the-ground-up implementation of ECMAScript 6 (commonly referred to as JavaScript) targeting the AGENT Smartwatch's runtime. To be clear, this is not a small project. It's an enormous project. This is something that I would have loved to announce as an official feature for AGENT OS 2.0—but again, on the expectations front: late last year when the severe defects in House of Horology's work became more clear, I had to pull funding from this compiler project for the time being to focus available resources on final integration and solving the watch case design issues. We can evaluate returning to this work later. Secret Labs has published source code for the first component of the ECMAScript 6 compiler over on GitHub. <url>"JavaScript") code into binary code which the device can execute as a (compiled or interpreted) app: Lexical scanning/parsing (Abstract) syntax tree building Stack analysis and type checking Intermediate code generation (and optimization) Lexical parsing is the process of breaking source code down into tokens which, as an analogy, can be thought of like words. The line of source code "a = b + c;" would be broken down into "a", "=", "b", "+", "c", and ";". If we were parsing the equivalent English sentence, we would similarly break down "A equals B plus C" into "A", "equals", "B", "plus", and "C". At first glance, lexical parsing seems pretty straight-forward: just chop apart the source code anywhere there is a space. But the reality is a bit more nuanced: programming languages have concepts of white space (spaces, blank lines, and in the case of ECMAScript some extra Unicode white space characters). Literal strings and regular expressions and template substitution tails can contain characters which would otherwise be ignored white space; and sometimes software engineers like adding extra white space or leaving out the white space entirely, so the lexical parser needs to understand that "a=b + c;" means the same thing as "a = b + c ;" and "a=b+c;". Compilers understand the type of each token (identifier, white space, reserved words, literals, operators, etc.)—similar to how we understand the type of each words in a sentence (nouns, verbs, punctuation, etc.). Ideally a lexical scanner (parser) should also be able to produce a token list which can be converted back into the original source code (to enable a rich debugging experience). So the lexer (lexical parser) needs to store white space as trivia tokens. And it needs to store the original code sequences used for unicode values (character substitution). Finally, ECMAScript lexers also need to be able to understand the difference between reserved keywords (programming tokens which cannot be used as placeholders for data), Null and Boolean literals, identifiers (placeholders for data), etc. There is a specification for the language grammar of ECMAScript 6 (formally known as ECMAScript 2015) available which our lexical parser implementation is based on: <url>"sentence" does—which should sound pretty familiar to those who spent time in English classes breaking sentences down into subjects, verbs, predicates, etc. After the compiler has built an abstract syntax tree (representing both the type of each token and how those tokens build the logic of an app, the compiler can then analyze how all those sentences of source code interrelate with stack analysis and can make sure that the tokens are being used consistently with type checking . Finally, the compiler takes all the tokens and syntax and structure as input and generates binary code which the runtime can understand and execute. For today, we have a nice lexical scanner for ECMAScript apps on AGENT Smartwatches. We have released the source code as public domain so those of you who are makers or tinkerers and would like to use this component in your own projects or in ECMAScript compiler/interpreter implementations are free to do so without restriction. This work could be expanded in the far future to running natively-compiled JavaScript apps on tiny button-cell-powered wearable widgets that run for years on a battery—but that would require further optimization and an appropriate native .NET compiler in addition to the remaining compiler work. Visual Studio Code support One of the really exciting new projects over at Microsoft is Visual Studio Code, a cross-platform code editor that runs on Mac and Linux. This brings both C# and JavaScript programming to legions of new software developers on all three major platforms. I really wanted to provide both JavaScript and C# developers with tools enabling them to develop AGENT Smartwatch watch apps on Mac and Linux. One of the projects I worked on personally reverse engineered the Mono (C#) and NodeJS (JavaScript) debug protocols which Visual Studio Code uses on the Mac. The theory here is that I want to enable Mac developers to seamlessly edit, deploy and debug apps right from their Macs. Here are a few screenshots of the Mono debug analyzer, both the source code and an action shot running on my old Macbook. This work is not funded—but hopefully and conceivably could provide our project with really awesome developer support for JavaScript developers on Windows/Mac/Linux and for C# developers on Mac/Linux. Summary We are still struggling with some serious watch case design problems—but our team has not given up on backers. Secret Labs has taken on some serious debt and is pushing this project to completion (unfortunately without House of Horology). Part of this work has included building out some new (not previously seen or promised) technology which benefits the AGENT Smartwatch's OS, developers and users. To be clear: I had to pull funding for some of the new technology that Secret Labs has been building. As a company, Secret Labs has been making some very serious cutbacks in an effort to see this project to completion. I really wish that House of Horology was pulling their weight—but in any case, our team has been making some progress. Thank you very much for your patience, for your notes of kindness, and for your support. - Chris, Project Manager AGENT Smartwatch Team Hi team, This has been a long project so far, much longer than I ever expected: we have hit some pretty big bumps on the road to completion. On behalf of the team, please accept my sincere apologies for the frustration this has caused a number of our project backers. I know that I have been very reserved in sharing my emotions, but please know that I sympathize with and sincerely share your frustration. In Update #29, I shared the news that House of Horology (the watch design collaborator on our collaborative project) was unable to complete their work. I committed to dig into their CAD files to understand the watch case design status, and I also committed to share my findings with backers. That analysis has been and continues to be an excruciatingly long process. Today I have the first results to share with you, along with solutions. To be clear, today's post is not a happy, joyful, good news post. I really wish it was. But we have to understand problems to solve them, and I humbly share my initial analysis with you here. Watch lens material options When our project first launched on Kickstarter, we budgeted for a standard (mineral glass) watch lens. There are a number of premium lens materials available like sapphire but they would have made our smartwatch super-expensive, adding an estimated $100 to $200 to the MSRP (and increasing pledge tier minimums dramatically). But our backers were extremely generous, pledging several times our goal. With those extra funding pledges, we were subsequently able to commit to additional software features, watch strap options and services for the watch. And after the project fundraising concluded, we realized that we might have raised enough funds to upgrade the watch case materials as well—as long as the watch case design and subsequent tasks were completed on time. A number of backers have repeatedly asked what lens material we are using on the design. I have been mostly silent on this issue, as this is something I have been trying and failing to button down with Lawrence for a very long time. We have been considering three lens materials: standard watch mineral glass, K1 glass and sapphire. These latter two are both more scratch resistant and more expensive, with sapphire being the most premium option. Both Lawrence and I really wanted to upgrade all the backer watch rewards to sapphire (and then sell an upgraded sapphire model through fashion channels, where retailers need higher margins, for significantly more than a standard AGENT001 watch). Glass lens vs. sapphire lens First, a quick tutorial on why sapphire is so awesome: sapphire is physically really hard. Harder things scratch softer things. Because sapphire is so hard, few natural substances can scratch it. To cut sapphire, one must use extremely hard materials like diamonds (or lasers). This makes sapphire a really great material for watch lenses. There are several scales which measure hardness. I will mention three scales here: mohs, vickers hardness, and absolute hardness. Mohs is a hardness scale which has been around for centuries. It is not a linear scale. Glass has a Mohs rating of 5.5 and sapphire has a Mohs rating of 9. Yet sapphire is almost 8 times as as hard as glass (not 63% harder, as 9 / 5.5 would suggest). Vickers hardness refers to measurements made using the Vickers measurement test. This test presses a precisely-machined diamond against a material under a specified pressure and measures how much the diamond deforms the material. Glass has a Vickers hardness of around 669 and sapphire has a Vickers hardness just north of 2000). Absolute hardness is the easiest scale to understand: it explains the absolute relationship between the hardness of different materials. Glass has an absolute hardness of ~60 while sapphire has an absolute hardness of 400. Sources: <url>"sapphire" Lawrence (House of Horology) specified both sapphire and K1 glass lens options for our watch. As a project manager, I require that our team members provide datasheets and specifications for materials used in hardware. We must meet regulatory and environmental requirements, and we must ensure that shipping products meet or exceed quality specifications. Lawrence's manufacturer, Winson Watch, quoted us shockingly low hardness numbers for the sapphire lenses. Here is an except from the manufacturer's e-mail. These measurements were provided in Vickers Hardness (HV). With such low measurements for "sapphire" (800-1000 HV for "sapphire" vs. 2000+ HV for known-good sapphire), House of Horology's manufacturer was only guaranteeing a small fraction of the hardness of pure sapphire. Furthermore they were saying that the "sapphire" was only slightly better (and a whole lot more expensive) than their scratch-resistant K1 glass. This became of topic of several discussions and was unfortunately not able to be resolved quickly. Among our discussions on this topic, I wrote Lawrence an e-mail expressing my serious concerns about the watch lens materials and also about Winson's bizarrely-fluctuating price quotes, below. Please excuse the Omate reference. I continued to follow up, asking Lawrence to re-check the specs and also provide written data sheets for the materials. And asked. And asked. And asked...so many times that Lawrence was pretty frustrated that I kept asking. But this was a really critical spec. Lawrence was able to obtain the exact specifications of both K1 glass and "sapphire" lens options. Here is the excerpt from his e-mail to Secret Labs. Lawrence explained that the "sapphire" material actually had a rating of 1200 HV. Signed "Im a magician", I'm afraid that this magic might have been black magic which sucked all the awesomeness out of sapphire. I double-checked the specs with Lawrence to authenticate the "sapphire" as pure sapphire on our 10-Sep-2014 project status conference call. Lawrence expressly agreed to have the call recorded, which I share here as House of Horology's verified specs for K1 and "sapphire" lens materials. Download (MP3) For your convenience, here is the verification transcript: "Chris : Okay, so it is pure sapphire? "Chris: It's not some mineral glass that's coated with a tiny layer of sapphire or something on top of it? "Lawrence: No, no. "Chris: It's standard sapphire? Okay, and the specs you sent over...I want to make sure these are correct because this is what we're going to be going off of for the material. "Chris: So the pure sapphire and the K1 crystal, from your e-mail (I'm authenticating these specs)... The K1 crystal has a Vickers hardness of 640 (is what you quoted)... Let's go back to the e-mail to make sure. "Lawrence: Yes, and 1200 on sapphire." I had heard the phrase "Chinese sapphire" thrown around and wanted to make sure this was not a quality issue of "Chinese sapphire" from China-based Winson vs. the "European/Swiss sapphire" that Lawrence was putting into his new line of watches. For those interested, here is a recording of that conversation, reassuring me that the quality was identical. Download (MP3) Making sense of all of this with charts So how does this "sapphire" compare to known-good sapphire? To boil all these numbers down into something concrete and simple to understand, I made you some comparison and conversion charts. First, here is a conversion graph of the materials' quoted Vickers hardness values (converted to the common Mohs hardness scale). The green line is glass. The orange-brown line is the "Sapphire" lens material which House of Horology specified for the watch (marked as "rejected sapphire", a bit of a spoiler...keep reading). The purple-blue line is reference sapphire. In this chart, Mohs hardness values go across the X axis and Vickers hardness measurements go up the Y axis. Since Vickers hardness measurements are not exactly linear, let's use the equivalent Mohs values to map the hardness (harder = more scratch resistant) ratings to the absolute hardness scale (sclerometer measurements). Please simplify things. What are the results? This absolute hardness conversion chart puts things into perspective. The "sapphire" material specified in House of Horology's final watch case design is only ~25% as hard (harder = more scratch resistant) as reference sapphire. And in the relative scheme of things, it's not much harder than glass. For what are hopefully obvious reasons, I had to reject this "sapphire" material for the AGENT Smartwatch. Simply put, I am completely unwilling to promise backers or retail buyers a "sapphire" lens that is only a fourth as hard as actual sapphire. What?!? How can a professional watch design firm and a highly-recommended manufacturer make this mistake? Even though our project never promised sapphire lenses for watch rewards, I know that some of you were hoping for the upgrade. Both Lawrence and I really wanted to upgrade the lenses to genuine sapphire too. Lawrence pushed me really hard to use this material, even lobbying backers to push me to use it. And he may very well have believed that it was pure sapphire—even if he definitely should have known better as owner of a watch design firm. I know that some of you will probably be mad at Lawrence over this whole mess. But before you do that, I just ask that you put Lawrence's intentions into perspective: he was trying to make something better to make backers happy. As Lawrence reassured me during the call... Download (MP3) The quick transcript: "Lawrence: You're working with the most ethical person in the world. I only do the right things and only do them well and do them good. There is nobody you can ask to do this better than me." In this instance, I believe this was coming from Lawrence's heart and—while it always concerns me when people tell me how ethical or honest they are in words instead of actions--I get the feeling that Lawrence was really trying to do a good job here, and may have just jumped into a project and/or profession that he wasn't ready to succeed in. On the lens material: I really don't know what this material is. There are some compounds like emery which are a mixture of sapphire and other materials—and which have a correspondingly-lower hardness rating. I asked Lawrence for a spec sheet for the original sapphire used in manufacturing (presumably fed into whatever process creates the spec'd lens material); my best guess is that the manufacturer is putting synthetic sapphire through some mixing or other manufacturing process which results in a cheaper, significantly-lower-grade "sapphire" lens. Or is hedging their bets, sourcing multiple "sapphire" materials and providing us with specs for the lowest-grade option just in case. For all the sub-$100 "sapphire lens" watches on Alibaba, this is probably fine. But for us it is unacceptable. What is the resolution? I did contact Corning, Kyocera and others to get price quotes on pure sapphire: the costs they came back with were way, way beyond our budget. I also contacted Corning about using Gorilla Glass; they passed me to their specialty Gorilla Glass cutter who cut us samples, but they were unable to create a lens with tight enough tolerances for our current design—and at this late stage we cannot and should not redesign the watch to work around those tolerance issues. So both sapphire and Gorilla Glass are out as options. Again: the "sapphire" material has been rejected, and so we will either choose the K1 glass material (which Lawrence says is better than standard watch glass, see below) or we will return to mineral glass. Given my serious confidence concerns with House of Horology's selected lens manufacturer/ODM, we may also need to change ODMs—and other ODMs may have different lens options. Corrections One last thing related to watch lenses. This last topic is both embarrassing and insanely frustrating for me, and I know that it has been really frustrating for a number of backers. During the course of our project, Lawrence has been on a bit of an emotional roller coaster, cycling between highs and lows: at times super-proud of his work; at times feeling like nothing he does is good enough; at times excited to demo AGENT Smartwatch gear; and at times feeling like I was trying to push him out (when we sent a sourcing agent to Hong Kong to research new and backup suppliers, etc.). Unfortunately, along the journey, Lawrence has sent some messages to backers personally (not in an official capacity)--and some of these were sent in what I believe was either emotional stress or frustration or both. Unfortunately many of these messages basically trolled backers, spreading misinformation, and in some cases unfairly tore down other members of the project team. I don't want to dwell on this negativity and I don't want to make Lawrence feel super-uncomfortable. I have asked him to send out apologies and corrections several times and offered him my forgiveness, but to my knowledge he has not done so—so I will cover a few corrections in this and follow-up updates. For this topic, I need to focus on something that Lawrence e-mailed to backers (and may have said to many others in person). Lawrence really, really wanted me to use the "sapphire" material and in that spirit... Well, here is a copy of one of his e-mails on the topic of K1 glass's enhanced scratch resistance, sent to backers and sent to me: This e-mail was super-frustrating to me because in that update I was passing on information to backers about materials which Lawrence himself provided to me. As reference, here is a quick snippet of Lawrence's praise for and House of Horology's approval of the K1 crystal as a lens option for our co-branded watch (which Lawrence himself describes is more scratch-resistant than traditional watch lenses). Download (MP3) "Chris: Alright, so this is the glass which is harder...more scratch-resistant than mineral glass but obviously not as scratch resistant as sapphire which is...like crazy, crazy scratch resistant... "Lawrence: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I was a little...I was impressed by the K1 more than I thought I would be. So, I mean, that says something. It's not...it's much stronger than mineral. It's much harder to scratch than I thought. Which at least, if the sapphire doesn't fit in the budget, I'm okay with the K1." Of course no material is scratch proof or water proof...only resistant. And, just like water resistance specs, materials have a hardness (harder = more scratch resistant) specs. Of course the K1 crystal is scratch-resistant, just like many watch cases are water-resistant. The level of resistance is in the spec (in this case, the scratch resistance is generally measured by the hardness rating). Anyway, I don't want to dwell on that. I know that many of Lawrence's friends are here in the backer community and I hesitate to even share this because I don't want to put down your friend--but for the integrity of our project and of the team I needed to say something. Next steps We are making some progress, albeit much slower and with much smaller remaining budgets than I would like; our watch case design process was unexpectedly lengthy, sucking up a ton of our resources--and now we have a series of major design defects to overcome. We have passed through this design defect and now we move forward. But not nearly as rapidly as I would like. A personal note: for better or worse, the terms of service for our Kickstarter project basically require that we bring the project to conclusion. Since, to the best of my knowledge, neither House of Horology nor Secret Labs are big companies who could just write a big check, roll back backer pledges and cancel the project. I know that some backers are really unhappy that this project is delayed and has not been either aborted or completed. And I am largely in the same camp as you. Super-frustratingly, we have hit some major unexpected roadblocks and recovering from those will not be fun—but we are going to try. There is probably an "unfollow" option if you are frustrated by the updates—and we will soldier on for now on your behalf in any case. Thank you for your patience and your compassion for both the community and for our team members as we all move forward. - Chris, Project Manager AGENT Smartwatch Team Over the past few months, our technology team has been making some good progress on the AGENT OS 2.0 core. In today's update, I will share some technical details of that work along with our short-term technology roadmap. Building AGENT OS 2.0 As introduced in Kickstarter Update #26, we have a vision for a next-generation AGENT OS: with IPv6 support and home automation features; providing a high level of security for apps and users; and taking advantage of the latest hardware technology. While House of Horology was completing their watch case work (the blocking prerequisite before final integration), our technology team started tackling the new OS core that AGENT OS 2.0 requires. Like other projects, our project has a monthly burn rate (overhead, leases, wages, etc.), and so it seemed prudent for the technology team to keep working on behalf of backers rather than under-utilizing our engineering resources. To set good expectations: AGENT OS 2.0 is a huge project, with financial requirements far beyond those of our Kickstarter project's fixed budget. But the technology industry constantly marches forward―and so we too have been pushing forward (within the capabilities afforded by our limited resources) to complete the first pieces of our AGENT OS 2.0 vision. Here are some details on what we have been able to accomplish the last few months. AGENT OS 2.0 Core The AGENT OS 1.0 core was built using the Microsoft.SPOT libraries originally designed for SPOT watches more than a decade ago. As developers who have already built apps for AGENT OS 1.0 have experienced, this set of libraries provides a rich set of capabilities―but there are some rough spots and a lot of opportunity for modernization. The AGENT OS 2.0 core is a major shake-up, deprecating 100% of the now-legacy Microsoft.SPOT libraries. It is designed as a modern platform for long-battery-life smartwatches (while enabling a rich feature set for on-watch apps). To build the AGENT OS 2.0 core, we have basically taken apart the .NET Micro Framework piece by piece, distilling it to its basics. And boy is the new core small. As in...the entire AGENT OS 2.0 core currently fits in less than 200KB of flash and just a few dozen KBs of RAM. There are a few core features that we need to add back in (like native dispatcher hooks to raise events from the watch's pushers) in a modern way―but we are successfully running and debugging simple apps on the new core today. Here are a few of the changes we have made to the .NET Micro Framework runtime, for running apps in AGENT OS 2.0: Removed 100% of the legacy Microsoft.SPOT classes. Removed MicroBooter, TinyBooter, MFUpdate, etc. Removed the heap persistence manager from NETMF (including extended weak references). Removed all the legacy jitter code (most of which was conditionally-compiled). Removed GPIO, I2C, UART, USB and XML serialization code. Cleaned up profiler code, again removing I2C and AppDomains, etc. Removed Microsoft.SPOT graphics libraries. Removed native-to-managed events for I2C, USB and native networking. Removed some Big Endian support (not needed for our Little Endian micros). Removed LCD, ink, touchpanel and gesture code. Removed thermistor and other legacy sensor code. Added new System.Diagnostics.Debug classes which compile out in Debug mode. Considered removing System.DBNull as legacy―but left it in (since it's a core .NET TypeCode, for compliance/compatibility reasons). In summary: a major diet and lots of remodeling. The first bits of .NET Micro Framework were created more than a decade ago. Since then, new features have been added in in a not-totally-modular fashion. That means that some features were embedded in odd places, and removing those features has required a mix of removing entire modules and precision surgery. As a quick example of this, removing I2C from NETMF required first removing the I2C module code. And then removing the processor-specific I2C code. And then removing the startup, shutdown and stub code for I2C. But I2C functionality has even deeper integration into the runtime: the .NET MF garbage collector includes hard-coded recovery hooks for I2C: for situations where GPIO and I2C events conflict with garbage collection, the GC may need to recover those events. So we needed to carefully scalpel that out of the runtime as well: ---8&lt;---8&lt;--- example I2C code in the GC ---&gt;8---&gt;8--- void CLR_RT_GarbageCollector::RecoverEventsFromGC() { ... CLR_RT_HeapBlock_I2CXAction::HandlerMethod_RecoverFromGC(); ... } Another feature that required a lot of surgery across the framework is AppDomains. While we can load watch apps into AppDomains, generally speaking it doesn't make sense to provide extra AppDomains to watch apps (which should be loading, executing and unloading efficiently). And AppDomains are deeply integrated into the NETMF runtime in many many places―with special casing for isolation. Roadmap To wrap up the AGENT OS 2.0 core, we need to add back an appropriate display library for our wearables. We need to add in support for Button Pressed/Released events. And of course we need to do a lot of testing, etc. During final integration we also need to tightly integrate our SAM4S CSP and tune power management in the new AGENT OS 2.0 core, using the final PCB revision (which incorporates the newer energy-harvesting-class DC-DC conversion circuitry). There are a lot of things we would love to add to AGENT OS (IPv6 support, rich home automation features, secure boot and high security support, next-generation Bluetooth stack, background apps, ability to attach to existing processes, etc.). The new AGENT OS 2.0 core will provide us with a modern runtime, giving us a stable platform for today and something which can be built on in the future. Next Steps Since the AGENT OS 2.0 core is booting, we are going to use the new modern runtime core to do final integration (which we can begin once we have the final watch case mechanics―and can manufacture the revision 2 PCBs). Soon there will be no reason to use the older AGENT OS 1.0 core any more, and I recommend that developers wait for a final 2.0-based SDK before creating new apps. In the meantime, moving toward this 2.0 future, we have discontinued the old AGENT OS 1.0 support forums―and will revisit the best way to provide developer support after the 2.0 SDK bits are available. One final thing: while it does not make sense, resource-wise, to do final integration against our spin 1 PCBs (which uses the older light sensor and power management technology), I do understand that some backers would really like to see us working on final integration items (where the full product starts feeling like a cohesive whole). And as we discussed on the original Kickstarter campaign page, final integration is the part of our project with the most schedule risk. So while addressing the defects in the watch case team's design work, we are going to start pulling out parts of the final integration workload and see what we can start on even without the completed pre-requisities. We aren't Apple. We don't have the resources of a huge corporation (or even a reasonable fraction of the resources of a big team like Pebble). But we can accomplish some pretty great things together. Let's see what we can get done in parallel over the next month or so, both on the watch case front and on the technology front. Thank you for your support and patience, - Chris Project Manager, AGENT Smartwatch Team Silicone rubber watch straps For the AGENT Smartwatch, we have two watch strap material options: silicone rubber and genuine leather. [Of course: other 22mm straps will work too.] These materials each have strengths. Among them: silicone rubber for sports and damp environments, and genuine leather for dressing up. A small bit of good news: after more than a year of frustrating delays on the silicone rubber watch straps, we have been able to source silicone watch straps that appear to meet our design requirements and quality standards. Note: House of Horology was unable to complete their work on this project. Secret Labs has stepped in to complete their work, to see the entire project to completion. The search for straps The watch strap style used on the AGENT Smartwatch, for quality purposes and timeline risk reduction, was pulled directly from House of Horology's Bedlam collection. [The silicone rubber straps, a new material option for the Bedlam watches, were due to be available no later than November of that year.] Last year, concerned about budget/time and quality issues on the watch case design ( update #23 ), Secret Labs sent a sourcing manager to the annual watch and clock fair in Hong Kong. In short, our project needed contingency options. The sourcing manager inspected watch cases, straps and other materials from several potential suppliers—and returned from the tradeshow with both knowledge and supplier options. As it turns out, the Bedlam watches' straps use a very common base style—and several watch strap manufacturers have similar products available off-the-shelf. There are of course customization options (like on the Bedlam watches) such as buckle changes, embossing, etc. Sample watch strap Here is a sample of the silicone rubber watch strap we have now sourced for the AGENT Smartwatch (AGENT001) hardware, attached to one of the existing (fit validation, not yet dimensionally-correct) watch case samples. In summary: we now have a silicone rubber watch strap for the AGENT Smartwatch. The silicone rubber strap manufacturer has also offered to work with us on custom stitching hues. We will investigate that (and any other potential tweaks such as to attachment taper), but for now we are moving forward to remedy the other watch case design issues. [As a side note: the sample we received feels nice to the touch.] Next steps In parallel to the AGENT OS 2.0 update (new software for smartwatch rewards) and additional technology work, we will continue to work on sourcing leather straps and fixing the remaining watch case design defects. More to come in the next update. Thank you for your support—and for your patience while we get this done, - Chris Project Manager, AGENT Smartwatch Team First of all, please accept my apology for the unusually long delay since Kickstarter Update #28. Over the last month or so, we have received a number of PMs from backers who are unsure or concerned about the status and direction of the overall project. So before I show off the new Windows Phone universal app that Secret Labs has built, let me clear up a few things here. I want to avoid confusion and also want to help explain the steps we are taking to get the AGENT Smartwatch hardware wrapped up (so we can do final integration and begin reward fulfillment). Watch case To bring the AGENT Smartwatch to life, Secret Labs teamed up with watch design firm House of Horology. We came here, together, to Kickstarter and asked for your help to get the AGENT Smartwatch to the finish line. You generously made it possible for this dream to become a reality. Thank you. So much. Since then, Secret Labs has designed the electronics and written code and prepared for manufacturing. House of Horology has been working on the watch case. But, as things happen, House of Horology sadly closed up their shop late last year. When House of Horology literally closed their doors, Lawrence (its owner) reassured me that they would now have more time to focus on watch design. Knowing that a number of our project backers are supporters and friends of House of Horology—and wanting House of Horology to succeed even after closing up their shop—Secret Labs has continued to work professionally with House of Horology to wrap up the watch case, hoping that they could complete their work and get the watch case to the finish line. Unfortunately House of Horology has been unable to complete their work. So a little over a month ago Secret Labs sent 30 days written notice (and also communicated verbally) to House of Horology—letting them know that they needed to complete their work or Secret Labs would need to take over all watch case tasks, to see the entire project to completion. 30 days have passed, and House of Horology has not been able to make any progress. So I have asked them to turn in all their CAD files, specifications, etc. Secret Labs will be taking over all watch case work. To be clear, we offer no excuses: we just need to see this project to completion. I will be digging into House of Horology's CAD files to understand where the watch case is at and will work with the remaining team to create a roadmap to fix any remaining defects, etc. I will share my findings, our solutions and our roadmap with you. And we will get this watch case wrapped up so we can complete final integration and get the AGENT Smartwatch into production. I very much want to see smartwatch rewards on backers' wrists. New Windows Phone universal app This last month we have also been heads-down getting the new AGENT universal companion app wrapped up for Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1. This companion app syncs the phone's time and time zone, displays caller ID and text messages, and forwards "toast notifications" from Windows apps to the AGENT smartwatch. This new app is built from scratch to take advantage of the latest-and-greatest features of Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1. As we incorporate more and more functionality into AGENT OS 2.0, we will continue updating this app and sharing the new features with you. [For those with Android and iOS smartphones, we will be adding new features with companion apps for your phones as well.] Here is a quick tour of the new companion app for Windows Phone users. By default the app will automatically set the time on your watch using your smartphone's clock (which is itself usually synced to a cell phone tower's clock). And when you physically move to a new time zone, the app will automatically update your watch's time zone too. The AGENT app also brings caller ID and text messages to your wrist. If you ever want to disable these features, simply turn them off. And of course the companion app can also forward "toast" notifications from your favorite apps directly to your wrist. Choose which apps' notifications are important to you. Here is a quick action video showing off notifications with the new app. The new app even works with original prototype hardware (although we will be discontinuing that support once the watch case dimensions are frozen and we can move to final-spin PCBs). And yes, we are fashion and technology nerds. So our test messages tend to be full of sci-fi humor. [And thank you to the generous backer who helped test out the new app.] Next steps I know that the last few months have been frustrating for a number of our backers. I understand that frustration. I deeply, deeply share that frustration. But we are moving on now and moving forward. I will be analyzing the watch case CAD files and will share our corresponding findings, our solutions and our roadmap with backers. In parallel to all of this, Secret Labs will continue bringing new features to AGENT Smartwatch rewards with the AGENT OS 2.0 major upgrade. We will have a lot of technical details to share in updates, so if you are not a technical backer please have patience while we share the tech goodies with the technical backers. We have our focus on the goal. We are here for you, spending thousands of hours working to make our combined dream a reality. Thank you so much for your patience, for your support and again for your patience . - Chris and the AGENT Smarwatch team This month we are continuing our work to add IPv6 support to AGENT OS—so that AGENT wearables can communicate with Internet-connected gadgets (and the larger Internet). We are also working to resolve the outstanding watch case issues and to obtain the remaining material datasheets for the watch case components. More on that in a moment. Technology updates As I mentioned briefly in the last update, both .NET Micro Framework and the networking stack we are using in AGENT OS 2.0 were built to use traditional IPv4 Internet addresses. However, with the explosion of Internet-connected devices, the Internet is transitioning to the new IPv6 addressing system. Many new Internet-connected gadgets will be using IPv6 over Bluetooth or Zigbee, and for AGENT apps to communicate with those devices we need rich IPv6 support. This month we are doing some major remodeling on the networking stack and preparing for the addition of both core IPv6 support and the DHCPv6 protocol. DHCPv6 will enable AGENT wearables to obtain a globally-unique address (i.e. not used anywhere else on the Internet) that they can use to communicate with other IPv6-enabled devices. One of the remodeling tasks this month was enhancing the .NET Micro Framework developer tools to support pure IPv6-only devices. Earlier this year we added early tool support for dual-stack (IPv4+IPv6) devices, and this is a continuation of that work. Here is a quick screen capture from one of the internal developer tools, including our IPv6 enhancements. For those familiar with our earlier enhancements, you will notice that legacy IPv4 settings are now gone. :) There is quite a bit more remodeling work left to do. The networking stack was originally designed for wired Ethernet-based devices and we are adding some abstraction to support wireless radios like Bluetooth 4.2. We are also working through the intricacies of IPv4-mapped IPv6 addresses (so that AGENT wearables can connect to traditional IPv4-based devices through a router). There is a lot of ground to cover and we will continue sharing snapshots of the work. And as promised, we are contributing all of the IPv6 enhancements back to open source; many others will be able to use that code to create their own gadgets. And of course AGENT watch apps for their gadgets as well. Watch case updates Lawrence is in Switzerland for a few weeks on his annual Baselworld trip, visiting factories and working on his new watch designs. I spoke with Lawrence this last Wednesday via Skype. [We sync up on House of Horology's progress frequently via regularly-scheduled status calls but, as Lawrence explained, he was unable to sync up the last few weeks due to scheduling/travel conflicts—plus his phone being stolen.] Lawrence indicated that he does not have any watch case updates for our project (material data sheets, fixes to the watch case, quality fixes for the pushers, etc.) Lawrence explained to me that he is the only one from House of Horology working on the AGENT Smartwatch project—and I could tell that he was frustrated with the watch case's current status. I know that the slow progress on the watch case is frustrating. When Lawrence and I worked out a schedule early on, we expected the entire watch case design to molding process to take less than half a year. While our watch case is not extraordinarily complicated, and based on that original estimate, we have obviously hit some unexpected bumps along the way. I have asked Lawrence to write up a set of next steps and timelines to complete the watch case, so that we can push the AGENT001 hardware through final integration and into production. I will keep you updated as we cross these necessary milestones. Summary Secret Labs is continuing to make progress on AGENT OS 2.0, bringing new features to AGENT Smartwatch rewards. We have been enhancing developer tools this month and are remodeling the networking stack for pure-IPv6 wearables (with IPv4-mapped backwards compatibility). On the watch case: I have a call scheduled with Lawrence tomorrow and will follow up with him on next steps there, on material data sheets, etc. Thank you for your support and patience as we get the watch case wrapped up, Chris In this update, we will dig fairly deep into the new networking features (IPv6 stack) of AGENT OS 2.0. We will also give you a quick update on progress from the watch case design team. Technology updates While AGENT OS 1.0 focused its Internet connectivity on receiving notifications from the Internet via a smartphone, AGENT OS 2.0 dramatically extends a watch app's capabilities by enabling direct communication with Internet servers (like a PC or smartphone app can do). A huge part of this support is IPv6 support over Bluetooth 4.2—which enables communication with the Internet using a BLE-compatible wireless router. Secret Labs is beginning new software work with IPv6 (Internet protocol) support on the AGENT platform. Then we will remodel our Bluetooth stack to support IPv6 over Bluetooth Low Energy. Of course our updated operating system continues to run .NET apps. As such, we need an IPv6-compatible, .NET Micro Framework-compatible networking stack for AGENT OS 2.0. To accomplish this and also to maximize the amount of memory available to watch apps, we are using an open source managed code networking stack which consumes only a few KB of RAM. Since the open source stack was originally designed as an IPv4-only stack, we need to add IPv6 support for AGENT wearables. To contribute back to the open source community, we are contributing AGENT's new IPv6 source code back so that others can build their own awesome Internet-connected gadgets. Here are some technical details on the work we are doing to add IPv6 support in AGENT OS 2.0. For non-technical readers: the following notes showcase a level of implementation detail deep inside the operating system. The content is targeted to technical readers and software developers. Update 1: .NET Micro Framework network configuration We have extended .NET Micro Framework's network configuration options with a new flag for the NETWORK_CONFIG called SOCK_NETWORKCONFIGURATION_FLAGS_EXTENDED . This signifies that additional network configuration information is contained in the extended configuration options (which we will discuss in a moment). In the case of IPv6-only (single stack) scenarios like ours, the only other applicable setting from the core NETWORK_CONFIG is the MAC address of our wearable. That MAC address helps the router pass data between the Internet and devices like ours on the local network. Update 2: .NET Micro Framework extended network configuration The extended configuration settings designate whether the device supports IPv4 (traditional Internet), IPv6 (next-generation Internet) or a combination of the two. In our case we are supporting native IPv6—and including backwards-compatibility support with IPv4-mapped IPv6 addresses . This requires some routing magic; more on this in a later update. Of particular note, here are the settings for AGENT OS 2.0: SOCK_NETWORKCONFIGURATIONEXT_FLAGS_DHCPV6_IPADDR This flag indicates that the wearable should automatically obtain an IPv6 address via DHCPv6. We are working on DHCPv6 implementation now and will cover this in a future update. In essence you will just need to pair an AGENT wearable to your router and it will negotiate its own Internet address. SOCK_NETWORKCONFIGURATIONEXT_FLAGS_DHCPV6_DNSADDRS This flag indicates that the wearable should automatically obtain DNS server addresses via DHCPv6. This enables apps to automatically translate human-readable Internet addresses like ipv6.google.com to IPv6 addresses like [2607:f8b0:4002:c05::66]. SOCK_NETWORKCONFIGURATIONEXT_FLAGS_IPV6_SUPPORTED This flag indicates that we support IPv6. Since AGENT OS 2.0 is IPv6-native, no IPv4 support is specified (although IPv4-mapped IPv6 addresses are supported for backwards-compatibility). Watch case updates House of Horology is currently working on several watch case tasks. As part of this work they are obtaining material data sheets on each material specified for use in the AGENT Smartwatch case. Lawrence has been communicating with his management contact at Winson (the watch ODM that House of Horology is working with on the AGENT Smartwatch). They are currently closed for Chinese New Year but expect to be open for business again next week so we can get the last material data sheets together. In the meantime, House of Horology has submitted a document indicating that the leathers, linings and metals and construction of the genuine leather watch straps are RoHS compliant—which is critical to our ability to import AGENT Smartwatches into Europe. Summary We are making quite a bit of progress on the operating system upgrade for the AGENT platform. The first step was adding IPv6 configuration settings, and we are now working on enabling IPv6 auto-configuration using DHCPv6. Furthermore, we will be contributing this new IPv6 support to the open source community. On the watch case side, House of Horology is making some progress on material data sheets and is working on other task items including the case itself. I will continue sharing more details as we cross more tasks off the list there on the path to production. We are speeding up our Kickstarter Update cadence to share all the new technology updates—and to share the physical watchcase status with you on a more regular basis. We will be back soon with another update. Thank you very much for your support. - Chris In today's update we will cover our current status: an overview of what we have accomplished so far and items that are left to do—across both software and hardware. There is a wide breadth of status items to cover so we will try to cover it succinctly. We will also briefly introduce the roadmap for AGENT 2.0 (both software and hardware) and some trade-in offers from Secret Labs. First: the status update on the AGENT Smartwatch. The AGENT Smartwatch is a product of both House of Horology (watch design) and Secret Labs (technology) and both companies have been working as one collaborative team to get it into production. Technology status Here are a few highlights of the technology we have built together so far. AGENT Smartwatch: Pre-campaign: designed AGENT Smartwatch circuitry and core OS technology Created official smartwatch circuit boards (revision 1) Upgraded smartwatch to use advanced super-low-power ambient light sensors Created AGENT SDK and Emulator for developers Enhanced SDK and Emulator with accelerometer (sensor) support Designed a custom Bluetooth stack Conducted advanced battery modeling and battery gauge calibration Optimized our smartwatch circuit design for domestic manufacturing Conducted Qi wireless power receiver validation testing Designed custom, power-efficient, thin backlight w/ microdots for Sharp Memory LCD Custom wireless charger: Designed and engineered a best-in-class portable wireless charger Upgraded our wireless charger to Qi 1.1, added fast charging support and incorporated a beautiful RGB LED for rich status display Optimized our charger circuit design for domestic manufacturing Conducted Qi wireless power transmitter pre-certification testing We have also literally gotten together, as a community, at three events (Metrotech, the open house and at the MonkeySpace developer conference) where we demoed AGENT hardware and interactively built smartwatch apps together with attendees. I really enjoyed meeting many of our backers—and am looking forward to meeting more of you at our hackathons once the smartwatches go into production. The technology team has also set up factory space for final assembly of the AGENT Smartwatch in the USA, procured a large volume of components for AGENT Smartwatch rewards and chargers, and recently moved moisture-sensitive components into protective ultra-dry storage. The technology design process hasn't been without its own challenges. We had a supplier fall through and had to move quickly to create a new backlight. A few sample custom parts came in behind schedule. We created extra software which consumed unexpected time and resources. Delays are never optimal but, for better or worse, few worthwhile development projects happen without some challenges. The next step for the technology team is final integration, where we freeze our development process and pull together and finalize software with final hardware. Once the watch case samples are completed and approved, we will be able to manufacture revision 2 PCBs that incorporate spring leaf landing pads (as spec'd for watch case integration by House of Horology's design team). This will enable us to begin final integration. Once final integration is complete, we can conduct Qi/FCC certification. With certifications in hand, we can then start production and physical reward fulfillment. In the interim: while the AGENT OS 1.0 development train is waiting on watch cases, the Secret Labs team has been busy designing and writing code for AGENT OS 2.0. The new OS is going to be a fairly radical upgrade and is a fairly huge project. More on that later in the update. Watch case status House of Horology has also been busy working with their ODMs on the watch case for the AGENT Smartwatch. The watch case design process has been a bumpy road; we will review that journey briefly here to provide both historical-vs-estimated timeline perspective and clarity. When we launched on Kickstarter, our original vision was to have the AGENT Smartwatch cases manufactured by the same overseas watch design company who House of Horology worked with to design and manufacture their beautiful Bedlam watches. Unfortunately House of Horology experienced significant communication issues with that company and was unable to complete the AGENT Smartwatch case design with them. So last spring House of Horology brought a new watch design company on board, Winson Watch, who they have been working with since then on projects including the AGENT Smartwatch case. Once the switch was made, we came to realize that House of Horology didn't have access to the original CAD files for critical pieces of the Bedlam design which we were re-using for the AGENT Smartwatch. [Part of our risk-, cost- and timeline-reduction plan was re-using tried and true parts from House of Horology's Bedlam watches.] So House of Horology and Winson worked together to manually measure and analyze and re-create the hex bar rods and pushers. When we received the first fit-validation watch case samples, the pushers were the wrong size (as detailed in a previous update). The hex rods were also three-piece instead of two-piece, had inconsistent off-center hex inserts and used non-typical hex sizes. These issues, while a bit of a surprise, were in many ways side-effects of needing to recreate these parts from scratch. Other issues, such as the cracks in the cool edge-to-edge glass case back, were due in part to the fact that the design team is trying new things and pushing boundaries. For those keeping track, that issue was remedied by switching to a more conventional designer window-in-frame caseback design. Since the first fit-validation samples, House of Horology worked with Winson to remedy several of the issues in the cases. Around late August, they confirmed to me that the fit-validation case's dimensional issues were corrected and so we started preparing the factory for production. Unfortunately the latest samples we received do not fit either the backlight or the wireless charging coil. We're not quite there yet. We are closer. I apologize for any frustration the watch case delays may be causing backers while we work through these issues. Here is a quick non-comprehensive status update for the watch case, to help explain where our team is with the watch case design (which, again, is the gating item before final integration). Watch case The latest fit-validation watch cases do not fit either the backlight or the wireless charging coil. The watch case is also too thick and does not include space for the spring leafs. House of Horology has been tasked with correcting these inner dimensions. The design team has done some work to resolve the bezel orientation issue mentioned in previous updates (i.e. to make sure that assembly line workers cannot accidentally insert the bezel at an 180 degree angle). Spring leafs House of Horology has specified spring leafs as the mechanical interface between the watch case and the internal circuit board. I have asked them to provide specifications (either part numbers for off-the-shelf spring leafs or specs for custom spring leafs) on what spring leafs are appropriate for a digital watch like ours. Since users will be pushing pushers frequently (for navigation, notification dismissal, etc.), getting the spring leafs right is critical. Our pushers will be used much more frequently than most digital watches. Water resistance House of Horology has been working to provide engineering specs on water resistance, so that we can provide wearers with an official ATM rating. [Similar to designing a bridge to support a certain weight or a hurricane barrier to sustain specific volumes of water, watch cases are designed in CAD to meet engineering specs that assure ATM pressure ratings.] In design team status calls, I have been provided conflicting ATM ratings which makes me nervous: I am pushing hard to get these engineering specs from the team. We will also be testing each watch on the production line to verify its ATM rating, although this process is not used to determine ATM rating (which is instead guaranteed by design). The in-line pressure test will help ensure that there are no defects in the specific watch case under test and will be used after service work to re-verify case and seal integrity. Pushers On the fit-validation samples, the pushers are currently positioned at an ergonomically-unapprovable angle/distance in relation to the watch case. We are also experiencing quality issues with pushers "sticking" after a short period of non-use, requiring significantly more force to push. As mentioned in update 22, the design team is also working on providing reliability data (specifically the push force specification and "guaranteed number of pushes" rating). The incorrect pusher diameter from earlier validations samples has been corrected. Hex bar rods The hex size, hex insert position and piece count issues from earlier fit validation samples should now be corrected--and we will verify that with multiple samples. I should be receiving specifications on the lock-tite style material that will either come on the hex bars or will be added during assembly to keep the hex rods tightened during everyday wear. Silicone watch straps We put money down on silicone watch straps but unfortunately they did not meet specification. The silicone watch strap manufacturer that House of Horology was using committed to remedy the issues but was subsequently unwilling to do so. In September, Secret Labs sent a sourcing manager to the Hong Kong watch tradeshow and sourced a new silicone watch strap supplier. The new supplier has off-the-shelf silicone watch straps which are very similar to the original custom straps designed for Bedlam watches (which is what we were using for the AGENT Smartwatch). We may be making small modifications to the molds to make the holes more round--but generally otherwise the silicone straps look good to go. Leather watch straps As part of our risk- and time-reduction measures, we had originally planned to use House of Horology's off-the-shelf premium leather watch straps. Unfortunately there were some quality issues with some straps they received and as a company they decided to further improve and/or change suppliers on their watch straps. We still expected that the straps would arrive by around the end of October of last year; unfortunately it has taken longer than expected to make the changes and secure the new straps. We recently received updated leather watch strap samples from House of Horology. Lawrence is working to get us a material data sheet so that we understand what material the watch straps, buckles, etc. are made of--and critically House of Horology has been asked to ensure lead times are down to the standard 30-60 days. We hope to have these straps approved for production very very soon. Material data sheets Most critically for exporting AGENT Smartwatch rewards worldwide: in additional to wireless certifications, we as a manufacturer are also required to understand and declare environmental aspects of the materials that we are using. Each of the components that goes into the AGENT Smartwatch and its companion charger has what is called a data sheet. This data sheets list materials used and/or environmental ratings (RoHS, Pb-free, chemical content, etc.). We are required to have these in hand and know that the materials comply with international import/export regulations before we can sign off on manufacturing. Also critically the datasheets give us written verification that the materials that we are using in the watch case—and their properties—are consistent with what the watch case design team and watch case manufacturer have specified and verified during the design process. Like with House of Horology's Bedlam watches, the AGENT Smartwatch needs data sheets for each material used in the watch and its companion charger. We have datasheets for each of the electrical components used on our circuit boards. For the watch case itself, House of Horology has been working with Winson and the leather watch strap supplier to get material data sheets these last few months, a process which has turned out to be unexpectedly slow. The good news is that as of this last month I have now received a number of the watch case materials' datasheets and I should have the final datasheets shortly. I will be following up on this with Lawrence during House of Horology's regular status report later today. In summary, we have made progress on the watch case but there is still work to be done. I have asked Lawrence for an updated timeline on the watch case; with that I can update our overall timeline estimate. I know that the watch case delays are frustrating. But for better or worse it is critical to get the hardware right. Hardware, unlike software, cannot be updated via the Internet. Introducing AGENT OS 2.0 With AGENT OS 1.0, our goal was to deliver a compelling smartwatch operating system that complemented smartphones and could also run watch apps written in C#. With AGENT OS 2.0, we are again pushing the wearables industry forward. We have thought a lot about the future of wearables and how they fit into the emerging "Internet of Things." And, for that future, Secret Labs has designed AGENT OS 2.0 and a new, complementary wearables technology architecture (more on the new hardware in a moment). To be clear, AGENT OS 2.0 is a major project that we are working on; it is under development, not shipping this quarter. I understand that some backers are frustrated by what appears to be a lack of progress on the technology front (since so much of the technology got wrapped up earlier in the process—and so little of our current technology work is visible). We are determined to remedy that, and starting today we are sharing the next-generation software work we are doing for you. A lot of the technical detail will bring you early into the process, something we were unable to offer with AGENT OS 1.0 (since so much was built before we launched on Kickstarter). AGENT OS 2.0 Highlights AGENT OS 2.0, in a nutshell, is designed to do four things: Make smartwatches more intelligent as part of the larger "Internet of Things" Provide a thoughtfully redesigned user experience Enable us to take advantage of a three-year-forward leap in technology Provide a high level of security for apps and users Here are the highlights of what we can announce today--which is a lot of what you will see us working on over the coming months as we push AGENT OS 2.0 closer to release. Bluetooth 4.2 and IPSP Today's smartwatches need a smartphone to connect to the Internet. While a smartwatch makes a great smartphone accessory, there are a huge variety of scenarios where direct internet connectivity (via a Bluetooth-compatible Wi-Fi router, etc.) is a huge benefit. There is a new wave of Bluetooth radio technology coming this year, and as part of AGENT OS 2.0, we are remodeling our Bluetooth stack to support the brand new Bluetooth 4.2 standard and IPSP (i.e. Internet access over Bluetooth). We have already started that work now, creating a new IPv6 networking stack designed for wearables. That stack will run on top of our remodeled Bluetooth 4.2 stack. And to give back to the community, we are open sourcing AGENT's new IPv6 code to help makers create their own Internet-connected gadgets and wearables. We will publish the first IPv6 code by the next month under an Apache 2.0 open source license. [For those unfamiliar with IPv6, it is the next version of the protocol used to carry traffic around the Internet. There are backwards-compatibility provisions to help ensure that you can still access existing (IPv4) Internet servers/devices.] Bluetooth 4.2 also has great new privacy features and more. Our initial focus is getting IP support up and running but we are not forgetting the rest of Bluetooth 4.2's new gifts. Secure Boot and Crypto-Authentication Hackers are finding more and more creative ways to disrupt technology and hurt its users. With AGENT OS 2.0, we are supporting crypto-authentication hardware. Similar to TPM in a laptop, we will be able to know that AGENT firmware and apps have not been nefariously tampered with. On the flip side, crypto-authentication can turn your smartwatch into a secure "key" to interact with home automation devices. Expect door locks and similar devices to recommend or even require crypto-authentication in the future. With AGENT OS 2.0, we are ready for that future. Home Automation . Speaking of home automation, we are working on some capabilities that will enable smartwatches to securely identify their wearers and, when used with compatible home automation hardware, automatically cater to a user's preferences and location as they walk around the home. Secret Labs has been working in the home automation field for several years; expect some cool things along these lines by this holiday season. New User Interface Framework This will be the most visible change and exciting for app and watch face developers. It is also the part that we are earliest on, development-wise, and will probably take the longest to develop. We are deprecating our trusty and loveable old Microsoft.SPOT.Graphics namespace and will be replacing it with a shiny new UI framework. User Accounts and Cloud Services We cannot announce this today. We will post about this in the future. Lots of love for Azure. Support for New Microcontroller Architecture We cannot announce this today. Secret Labs will blog about this separately. I am very excited about the capabilities this will bring to wearables. AGENT002 (AGENT 2.0 hardware) The AGENT Smartwatch is a collaboration between Secret Labs and House of Horology. As part of that collaboration, House of Horology secured a one year exclusive on AGENT Smartwatch technology. That exclusivity period has now expired and Secret Labs has gone back to the drawing board and has created a redesigned-almost-from-scratch, three-year-newer wearables architecture. To be clear: AGENT002 (the next-generation AGENT hardware) is a Secret Labs product, not the Secret Labs + House of Horology physical reward for this Kickstarter project. Out of respect for House of Horology--since they are not involved with AGENT002—I plan to post about AGENT002 hardware on a separate blog. Also to be clear: Secret Labs wants to take really good care of backers, and will be offering to trade-in (SL+HoH) AGENT Smartwatch rewards for new AGENT002 hardware, once AGENT002 hardware is ready. To do that we need to follow a specific procedure which I will outline in the next section. And to be excruciatingly clear: we did not already completely develop AGENT002, keeping it in our back pocket with it ready to ship today. AGENT002 is a very forward-looking technology product and it will be using chips which are not quite shipping yet. We cannot share all of the details about the product yet. We may need to make changes to it in the event that (industry-leading) suppliers struggle to ship their new technology. I am incredibly excited about the new platform. Again: the current AGENT Smartwatch hardware is still very leading-edge in its class and I absolutely love its design and capabilities. It will be able to take advantage of a subset of the new AGENT OS 2.0 features. Some backers are huge fans of House of Horology products and will not care about a three year technology upgrade. Wherever you fall in the spectrum, our whole team wants to take good care of you. Trade-in offers from Secret Labs With all of that out of the way, this brings up one final point. As we detailed in the previous update, we have already purchased a huge volume of parts for AGENT Smartwatch rewards. The new AGENT002 hardware platform uses very few of the same parts. And there is basically no reasonable "resale" market for parts--especially for year-old parts that need to be stored in dry storage. Over the last few months, the Secret Labs team has been working through options on how we could turn existing smartwatch parts into other products so that we could buy AGENT002 parts for backers who want to trade-in for the three year technology upgrade. We have come up with a list of a half dozen "maker, wearable and home automation" products and accessories we can design this year using about half of the parts. We're still working on finding potential homes for the other half of the parts. So first things first, Secret Labs is offering trade-in options for physical AGENT Smartwatch rewards . This is an option being offered by Secret Labs and is not a required action for backers. Option 1: Stay the course If you are a big fan of House of Horology gear or just love the AGENT Smartwatch as-is, stay the course. Secret Labs will continue to work professionally with House of Horology to get the watch case wrapped up, do final integration, and ship physical AGENT Smartwatch rewards. Option 2: Next-generation AGENT002 hardware (trade-in) If you would like to make the technology upgrade to AGENT002, you can have your AGENT Smartwatch reward delivered to Secret Labs—and Secret Labs will ship you an AGENT002 instead. Just in case: if AGENT002's retail price ends up being lower than the pledge tier amount of your physical reward, Secret Labs will also send you a complimentary gift certificate equal to the difference (see notes on gift certificates below) . For "with charger" vs "without charger" backers: Secret Labs will take care of you there too. Important note: AGENT002 is a product under development. Crazy things can happen including cancellation of product plans, in which case the trade-in would be cancelled and option 2 would be replaced by option 1 ("stay the course"). Option 3: Secret Labs gift certificate (trade-in) If you would like a gift certificate (equal to the pledge tier amount of your selected physical reward), you can have your AGENT Smartwatch reward delivered to Secret Labs and Secret Labs will trade you for a gift certificate. Gift certificates do not expire and are valid for use toward the purchase price of Secret Labs products. You can use your gift certificate for current or future Secret Labs products—including future AGENT gear and any of the gear we will build with the parts from your AGENT Smartwatch reward. The Secret Labs gift store will open on 30-Jun-2015. Secret Labs is a small business and does not have a million dollars worth of gear in stock, but Secret Labs will manufacture enough gear so that there is something for everyone who trades in for a gift certificate. Gift certificates cannot be used to pay sales tax or postage. We know that international shipping is more expensive—so as part of the trade-in Secret Labs will also provide $15 in complementary shipping to international backers. Secret Labs will begin issuing gift certificates on or before 30-Jun-2015. If the AGENT Smartwatch physical rewards are not yet ready for shipment, Secret Labs will issue gift certificates regardless and will do the trade-in on behalf of backers "in advance". If demand for gift certificates is very high, Secret Labs may issue them in batches to help ensure sufficient inventory stock levels, on a first-come, first-serve basis. Trade-in offer instructions This is an option being offered by Secret Labs and is not a required action for backers. If you would like to trade in your AGENT Smartwatch reward for option #2 or #3 above, please send an e-mail to <email> with the following information : One of the following sentences: - "Please send my reward to Secret Labs. I'm trading in my physical reward for the AGENT002 hardware upgrade (option #2)" - "Please send my reward to Secret Labs. I'm trading in my physical reward for a gift certificate (option #3)" Your name Your Kickstarter handle Your e-mail address Your current shipping address (which can change later...we mostly need the country) Summary We have accomplished a lot together so far. The project has taken a lot longer than any of us wanted and, again, please accept my apologies for that on behalf of our whole team. Backers who want a no-charge upgrade to future AGENT technology have the choice to do so. Backers who want to skip out and pick up a gift certificate instead have that option too. In either of those two cases, Secret Labs will figure out how to turn parts from your AGENT Smartwatch (1.0) reward's parts into something else so you can take a new road. Again--these are simply options provided by Secret Labs. At this time Secret Labs continues its professional relationship with House of Horology as we collaboratively get the original AGENT Smartwatch (1.0) to the finish line. I am also excited to see Lawrence's new watches come to market, and Secret Labs continues to extend House of Horology its gratitude and respect. Over the coming weeks, we will have a lot of technical details about AGENT OS 2.0 to share. I know that a lot of our backers are going to love deep details about things like IPv6 and Bluetooth packet formats and user interface code. For backers that care more about fashion and less about technology, I'll try to warn you in the post header so you don't get burned out by the heavy technical content. Thank you as always for your support; with lots of technical content to share, we'll be back later this month with Update #27. Chris This year our team has been slowly pushing through the watch case design process (after switching watch case ODMs this spring and effectively restarting much of the process). The watch case remains as our blocking deliverable before final integration—and I really appreciate everyone's patience while the design team has been working through the case design process. I expect to have a fairly detailed overview of our status for you within the next two weeks. In the meantime, I realized that there are a lot of parts of the process that we could have—and probably should have—photographed and documented for backers. One of these was last year when we received nearly a million parts for AGENT Smartwatches and chargers (as discussed back in Update #14). I am going to try to start making up for that by including some photos in today's update along with details about what we are doing to preserve the quality and solderability of those parts. Circuit board assembly and moisture Circuit boards (such as the smart movement inside the AGENT Smartwatch) are assembled in a process which requires high-temperature soldering. In this process, solder paste is applied to the metal contact pads on top of an unpopulated circuit board. Then electronic parts are placed onto the contact pads (with solder paste sandwiched between the parts and the contact pads). Finally the populated circuit board is placed in a reflow oven which melts the solder paste. Melting the solder (soldering) is what creates a strong electrical connection between the parts and the underlying circuit board. To melt the solder, the heat in that reflow oven has to be very hot—around 500 F (260 C). Each one of the components used on the circuit board has to be designed to withstand that heat. Some components are moisture-sensitive. This means that too much moisture can stress and damage the part during the soldering process. If not handled properly, potential moisture-related damage during soldering varies from invisible cracking inside the component to internal delamination to visible bulging of the parts and more. The bottom line is that the parts must be stored in dry environments before assembly so that moisture doesn't seep into the component and then cause damage during soldering. Moisture sensitivity ratings To protect moisture-sensitive components from moisture-induced stress during shipping and prior to assembly, component manufacturers place these components inside moisture barrier bags. These bags are usually rated to provide a dry environment for up to a year. The bags also provide seal dates and moisture handling details (i.e. how long the components can be exposed to ambient humidity before they must be put back into dry storage). As an example, here is what a reel of Bluetooth modules looks like in its factory-sealed moisture barrier bag. And here is a close-up of the label, describing its manufacture date and moisture-related handling requirements, etc.: Here is a quick primer on how to read the label: Top-left corner: Panasonic PAN1326. This is the manufacturer and module name. (1P): ENW-89823A2KF. This is the part number of the part. (9D): 1336. This is a date code. "13" means the part was manufactured in 2013. "36" designates week 36. The 36th week of 2013 was in early September. We received these parts within weeks of their factory seal. (Q): 1000. This is the quantity. This reel, one of several that we purchased for AGENT Smartwatch rewards, contains 1,000 Bluetooth modules. Here's a quick link to the part at Digi-Key. Currently listed at $8,682.24, this is a fairly expensive reel of parts. <url>—and only take them out of storage for up to a week for assembly (before putting them back into dry storage to dehumidify them). [As an aside, some backers may be asking if there is a backup procedure if parts are accidentally left out of storage beyond the allowed timeframe. There are "hot bake" and "dry bake" procedures that can be used with special baking equipment—subjects which deserve articles of their own and are outside the scope of this update.] Many of the components we purchased are moisture sensitive before assembly. As we were placing moisture barrier bags (which are pushing beyond their expiration dates) into ultra-dry storage, I took a few photos for backers. I am including some close-ups here too, for those who are interested in the MSL ratings of various parts. Some moisture-sensitive components (on reels/in trays) Here is a photo of the 6,000 ATTINY1634 microcontrollers we purchased. In our dual-processor configuration, this chip is the ultra-low power secondary processor. These boxes typically come sealed with the moisture barrier bags inside. The MSL data is therefore also printed on the outer box. And here is a close-up of the label: Here is a bag of the main processors (Atmel SAM4SD32BA-MU) which we have been demoing on the devboards and the smartwatch PCBs (smart movements). And here is what some of the 10,000+ Atmel microcontrollers look like in the dry storage cabinet: More moisture-sensitive components In addition to microcontrollers and Bluetooth modules, several other components (especially the more complicated parts) are moisture sensitive. Here are photos of a few of them, factory-sealed. As one of the cornerstones of AGENT architecture is low power consumption (for awesome battery runtime), we run several chips at reduced voltage levels inside the watch. That means that we need to convert some of our digital signals to higher voltage levels that other components (such as the memory display) understand. Digital signal voltage converter chips are often quite power hungry: we could not use those chips for our low-power design. Luckily Analog Devices makes these amazing (albeit expensive) level converter chips which consume mere microamps of power. Along the same ultra-low-power theme, here is a reel of the ultra-power-efficient and ultra-sensitive light sensors we purchased for AGENT Smartwatch rewards. Here are the high-end battery and power metering chips we purchased for the AGENT Smartwatch. The minimum reel size for these is 10,000 pcs (for reference, $16,000 per reel at Mouser.com ). This is another one of the parts where we had to buy a lot more parts than we needed for rewards. [This is also a case where extra funding allowed us to go with a higher-end solution than we originally planned on using...enabling us to create even better rewards for backers.] In part due to the sophisticated and miniaturized technology in the parts we used for the AGENT Smartwatch and charger, a lot of other parts are moisture-sensitive as well. As one example, here are a few of the Texas Instruments parts (wireless charging chips, ultra-low-power power conversion chips and more) used in AGENT Smartwatch rewards. Finally, some of the parts are not technically moisture sensitive--but we wanted to take photos of them for you anyway. We opened up one of the boxes of Sharp Memory Displays for this quick photo. Dry storage Since the moisture barrier bags are expiring, we moved the moisture-sensitive parts into protective dry storage. The dry storage cabinet keeps parts at a humidity of less than 5% (desert-like conditions). Here are the moisture sensitive components, now stored in ultra-dry storage. We also packed some non-moisture-sensitive AGENT parts into the extra space in the cabinet for a visual on what nearly a million components looks like. (For reference, non-moisture-sensitive resistors and capacitors are featured in the bottom section). Summary We desperately wish that we could have assembled these parts into smartwatch rewards already. With the expiration of moisture barrier bag seals, we have taken steps to protect AGENT Smartwatch components. Once the watch cases are ready, we can move into final integration and then begin the (very delayed and much anticipated) process of manufacturing AGENT Smartwatch rewards for our backers. I know that this journey is long—certainly much longer than many of us expected. I know that delays are frustrating. I offer my sincere apologies for the delays and any frustration that comes with those. Hopefully this update provided an insight into the detail that the team is putting into every part of the process, to ensure that we deliver rewards that we can all be proud of. It goes without saying—but thank you again for your support and patience, - Chris This last month the watch case team has been sorting out the mechanical integration between our watch case and smart movement (circuit board). We also received silicone watch strap samples from the new strap supplier and a preliminary leather strap sample. And we have finished up preparations of the factory space where we will be doing final assembly and service work for AGENT Smartwatches. Mechanical integration Inside traditional analog watches, the watch case's pushers (buttons) interact with the internal analog movement in a purely mechanical way. With many modern watches and with our smartwatch, the pushers activate internal switches which trigger the watch to take action via software instead. There are many ways to do this; knowing this, we designed our smart movement (circuit board) to be adaptable for various mechanical integration options. With the AGENT Smartwatch, the watch case design team (House of Horology + Winson) is exploring new waters. While they have crafted many watches using pre-existing components, they have never had the opportunity to work on a team designing and integrating a new digital movement before. For the mechanical interconnection between smart movement and watch case pushers: the engineers at Winson have worked with micro-switches before and recommended that we solder micro-switches to the left and right edges of the smartwatch PCB. This would add several millimeters of width, would require very precise alignment and would potentially require filled buffer space between the pushers and movement to create the appropriate push feel and protect against shock and overpressure. Understanding these drawbacks, I asked the team to come up with additional options. One of the great things about building a project through Kickstarter is that so many project backers are willing to generously donate their time and professional experience to making the project a reality. One of our backers, Martin Calsyn, has stepped up and offered to lend the design team a hand sorting out the mechanical connection between pushers and movement. [Thank you so much Martin.] With Martin's expert guidance, the design team has settled on a spring leaf design which the pushers will use to activate the movement's software switches. This is a very popular design used across many categories of watch companies. Here is an example of spring leafs used on a Nixon watch (photo courtesy of Lawrence Leyderman). The center of the spring is attached to the movement's electrical circuitry (e.g. ground plane). The spring portions are pressed by the watch's pushers. When a spring leaf makes mechanical contact with the circuit board's plating, the circuit is electrically completed and the movement's software takes action. As Martin explained, this design offers high resistance to shock and pusher overpressure and provides a reliable mechanical interconnection. The watch case team is now taking measurement to determine what tweaks need to be made to the watch case. Our engineering team will correspondingly be making small cutouts and adding plating to the movement to accommodate the spring leafs. One other issue the design team is working through relates to the number of pushers on our watch. While spring leafs work great on watches with two pushers per side, it is more difficult to accommodate three pushers. The team is working through their options and Martin continues to offer his expert suggestions and we expect to come to a resolution soon. For reference, here is a photo of a GMO watch which uses a different take on spring switches to support three pushers along its edge. Factory update This week we completed our preparations on the factory space where we will be doing final assembly and service on AGENT Smartwatches. Now we will begin moving the components for AGENT Smartwatches into the space. Many of the components we bought for smartwatch rewards are sealed inside protective moisture-resistant bags. These bags can store sensitive components for around a year in standard-humidity environments. Since we bought smartwatch components about a year ago in preparations for production, those bags are nearing their expiration dates. We will be installing a dry cabinet which maintains desert-like low humidity and will be moving the parts into that ultra-dry storage to extend their storage life. For reference, once the components are mounted onto circuit boards they are fine in everyday humid environments; the moisture protections are only necessary prior to assembly to preserve good solderability. Here is a photo of the completed factory space. Lights, electrical outlets (110V and 208V) and static dissipative carpet are now installed and tested. It took a few months to negotiate and complete this small expansion and we anticipated that the watch design would already be set for production―but in any case we have critical factory space ready for when the watch case and final integration are complete. More notes We received silicone straps samples from our new supplier. The quality looks pretty great. Their existing silicone straps do use square holes rather than rounded holes so we need to do some modifications; the finished silicone strap should be really nice. We also received a preliminary leather strap sample this month. The buckles were not ready quite yet and we only received a sample in one strap size―but the leather straps themselves looked and felt really nice. House of Horology has specified genuine Italian leather for them and the material quality is both visible and tactile. One more note: House of Horology's storefront lease is expiring and with that Lawrence is tweaking their distribution strategy; they are moving this week to their new NYC office location. Lawrence has a lot of creative ideas for watches and is pretty enthusiastic about how the change will let his team focus more on design; he reassured me that they will continue to sell and service House of Horology brand watches . Next steps Over the next few weeks, the design team will be integrating spring leaf switches into the watch design. They will also be proposing and making any remaining necessary changes to meet water resistance goals, for physical fit and finish, etc. The watch case is our gating item prior to final integration and we are really looking forward to wrapping its design up and ordering revised samples. We should also be receiving final leather watch strap samples soon. We can take photos of those once they arrive. We can also take photos of the dry cabinets stocked with trays and reels of raw components if backers would like to understand what that looks like, how it works, etc. For our engineer-backers, we can go into lots of geeky details if requested. I know that we are far behind schedule getting the mechanics of this watch wrapped up. From your private messages and notes of encouragement, I can feel how enthusiastic and at times impatient our backers are to get their hands (and wrists) on smartwatch rewards. Thank you all for your patience while we get this watch case wrapped up and move forward to final integration and production. Thank you so much for your support, - Chris This last month the watch case team has been finishing up their work on the watch case. We have also been busy sourcing backup suppliers and preparing the factory space where we will be doing final assembly and service work for AGENT Smartwatches. In this update we will share photos of some of the fixes the watch case team has made—as well as a photo of our work getting the factory space ready. Watch case updates The watch case team has completed several design fixes this last month, and Lawrence is pretty confident in the changes they have made. As of this morning he believes that the watch case is now basically ready for production—albeit with a few work items remaining, some of which we will highlight below. Pusher Diameter In the fit-validation samples, the pushers were only 4.5mm in diameter instead of 5.0mm as used on the prototypes. The new pushers look great and Lawrence feels that the push-feel is much better now too. Front Bezel After reviewing the CAD design files for the memory display and watch case, the design team made some changes to the bezel itself. There is now a cutout for the display tail which should provide extra stress relief. The mounting pegs for the backlight have also been moved in closer to the screen, providing a larger buffer area around the pegs. The design team is confident that these changes improve the watch design and do not cause mechanical interference. Some mechanical features around the ambient light sensor and some aesthetic features were temporarily removed during the revision process and the design team is working on adding those back now. Those features are not shown in the drawings, above. Backlight The design team has recommended that we slightly reduce the size of the backlight itself to more easily fit into the current case revision. Our engineering team is reviewing those dimensional recommendations to see if doing so is possible without reducing the illumination area or quality of the backlight. Quality is key here. Wireless charging coil Alongside the backlight, the design team has also recommended that we resize the charging coil to more easily and more snugly fit into the current case revision. Wireless charging is tricky and the current coil was expertly crafted to shield the circuit board from wireless charging and to maximize efficiency—but we are working to see what changes can be made without reducing the quality of the charging experience. Silicone watch straps We have been having some troubles with our silicone strap provider. In summary they do not seem to be willing to fix the issues from the previous samples as agreed. House of Horology has recommended that we switch to another watch strap company for the silicone straps. Earlier this month, both House of Horology and Secret Labs went to the annual Hong Kong Watch and Clock Fair. House of Horology was working on their private watch lines and also met up with Winson Watch to complete work on the AGENT Smartwatch. A Secret Labs sourcing manager was at the fair meeting with a wide range of suppliers (for watch cases, straps, packaging and more). While we have been very patient with our current suppliers (and as some backers would attest—much too patient), simply put we are now 15 months into a 4 month watch case design process. We want to make sure we have contingency plans. As such, one of the great contacts we made at the fair is a silicone strap manufacturer who already makes silicone straps which are very similar to our silicone strap requirements. They are sending us samples now; if those samples meet our criteria then we will be able to fast-track the silicone straps with this new supplier. We may or may not end up paying a bit more, but both quality and the ability to supply straps on time are critical at this point. Factory space We are big believers in domestic manufacturing. As part of the AGENT Smartwatch project, we wanted to make sure we could do both final assembly and service in the United States. The last few months we have been working through a small expansion which gives us enough space (up to 1,000 square feet) to do both final assembly and service of AGENT Smartwatches. Here is a photo of the factory space which we took last week. The building owner is currently installing anti-static carpet and CREE high-CRI LED lighting. This will give us an ESD-safe zone which we can use both for final assembly and for service work. The high-CRI ( Color Rending Index ) lighting is reasonably similar to sunlight and enables us to inspect products for visual inconsistencies and defects. Since the AGENT Smartwatch is a fashion piece as well as a high-tech product, we want to make sure it looks beautiful during both final assembly and service. For backers who would like more photos and videos of the space where AGENT Smartwatches will be built and serviced, please let us know what elements you'd like us to photograph in the comments below. We can also take more photos as the building owner finishes up the space in October. Next steps Over the next few weeks, we will be working with a new supplier to expedite the silicone straps. We are also scheduled to review updated samples of the leather straps (which House of Horology is refinishing at the moment for best quality on the buckles). And the engineering team will be working with the case design team in regards to the backlight and coils. We will also be gathering the material data sheets, reliability test data, water resistance engineering support documents, etc. which are required for production. We are significantly behind our estimated schedule in regards to completing the watch case. As such, we will continue to be super-focused on getting the watch case done this month. Once that is completed, we will move forward to final integration and production. We know that so many of you are looking forward to taking these final steps together with us; thank you very much for your continued support, your significant patience and your kind notes. - Chris The watch case team has been busy fixing the watch case issues discovered in the fit-validation samples. They have also designed a new and improved glass case back for the AGENT Smartwatch. In this update we will drill down into the issues discussed in the previous update and explain the corresponding corrections. We also have photos of the latest silicon rubber and leather strap samples to share. Watch case design team In previous updates, we briefly explored how fashion companies often team up with Asian watch ODMs to turn their designs into manufacturable products. Collaborating with House of Horology brings our Kickstarter project several benefits: House of Horology employs local CAD engineering resources but also works with several overseas ODMs who can get our watch case ready for production. Earlier this year, HoH recommended switching to Winson Watch as the main supplier for the watch case; in doing so, our project gained Winson's integrated design team as an extension to House of Horology's existing capabilities. As Winson is a new supplier, there have been some hiccups along the way. There has been some schedule miscommunication. Without source CAD files, Winson has needed to replicate portions of the Bedlam watch's design from drawings and/or physical samples. And having a watch case design team split across two continents and speaking different native languages can add an extra dimension of difficulty to a project. The AGENT Smartwatch is a digital timepiece rather than analog, pushing into territory that watch ODMs may be less comfortable with (since digital movements are more likely to be irregularly shaped, require more engineering on mechanical interconnections between pushers and internal movements, etc.). And we're utilizing a slightly-transparent bezel and high-sensitivity ambient light sensor which, as House of Horology described, is like "a whole new planet being discovered" for watch ODMs. Luckily we have Lawrence Leyderman, an ambitious leader, heading up House of Horology's design team. And while some of these challenges are new to him and his team, Lawrence is busy learning new things and working with Winson's designers and engineers to work out the final issues on our watch case so we can push forward into final samples and production. We have asked the watch case team to overcome a series of technical challenges these last few months. They are under a lot of pressure, and we wanted to take a moment to say thank you for their efforts. Adjustments to the watch case This last month, the watch case team has been busy addressing the issues identified in the previous update—plus a few more. Here is a quick update. Pushers On the fit-validation samples, the pushers had an incorrect diameter of 4.5mm. The watch case design team has figured out how to increase this diameter to 5.0mm to be consistent with the prototypes and the HoH Bedlam watches. They are now working through the other pusher tasks: correcting extension distance from and into the watch case; mechanical interconnect with smart movement; pusher force; pusher specs and failure testing. Case Back The fit-validation case back had a silver inner coating. They have addressed this issue and the inner coating will now be black (or clear for fit-validation purposes). The watch case team has also added a ring around the glass—an effect found on many higher-end watches—to create a better gasket seal and eliminate potential glass stress caused by the screws. There are still a few issues being worked out with the new case back: we have not received dimensional specs yet; the screw heads did not sit flush with the case back; the screws may be a little bit too short. These are small setbacks though: the design team expects to be able to remedy both of those issues within a few days. Watch Case (main portion) We previously ordered three samples of the fit-validation watch cases (two assembled, one unassembled). Winson shipped us two of the cases, but kept the other one. This really frustrated us as we paid for and expected to receive all the samples. The good news is that we should be receiving this third sample soon. To expedite fit-validation, House of Horology recommended that we have Winson CNC re-mill and re-coat the third fit-validation sample, fixing some of the dimensional issues in the process. We wire-transferred additional funds and Winson tweaked the inner watch case dimensions so that the smart movement now fits. This is a critical thing to have fixed. We are waiting on updated CAD files, dimensions, water resistance validation specs, etc. This single updated watch case was scheduled to arrive last week but we have not received it yet. We look forward to evaluating it and better understanding the changes that have been made, validating that the display now fits properly as well, etc. Watch Strap Rods The watch case team has addressed the watch strap rod issues as well . They should now be two-piece (hex head integrated into one end of the rod, the other hex head part of the screw on the other side) instead of three-piece. They should also now use the correct standard hex head size, consistent with the Bedlam watches. I do not have specs yet on the Locktite-style adhesive being used or details about how the off-center hex head issue was fixed but I can follow up with those once I have more details. Other Watch Case Issues The watch case design team has been chasing down other design issues too. Some of these turned out not to be issues at all: there were a few days where part of the team thought that we had a 23mm strap attachment area between the watch lugs (too wide for 22mm watch straps), but after further research realized that the design was already correct at 22mm. On another occasion there was concern about bezels being the wrong size presumably due to testing older bezels with newer watch cases. While these types of bumps in the road sometimes make us chuckle and at other times are just frustrating, the good news is that the design team is paying attention to the details and working towards a goal of solid fit-and-finish. Watch strap samples Silicon Rubber Watch Straps This month we received the latest silicon rubber production samples. The team at House of Horology was very concerned about the quality and consistency of stitching on the previous round of samples, and I am happy to report that those issues seem to have been resolved. The stitching quality appears consistent and high-quality on the latest silicon rubber watch strap samples. The House of Horology logo and the first hole in the strap are too close to each other—an issue which will likely be exacerbated with shorter-length straps. This is an issue we identified in the previous batch of silicon rubber straps and which was supposed to be fixed with newer molds. Since there is a branding logo on the other half of the strap, we have recommended removing the extra logo from this half of the strap. The other option is to remove the last hole—although that will not necessarily work on shorter straps and having the extra hole is a benefit for some wrist sizes. We are experiencing a few other issues with the silicon rubber watch straps. The most visible issue is that only some of the holes were cut all the way through. The House of Horology team has indicated that this is an artifact of pre-production samples not being fully processed before shipping--so this should be fixed on final production samples. We were also scheduled to receive samples of the strap buckles this last month, but those have not been delivered yet. The good news is that the silicon rubber watch straps feel really nice, a premium alternative to cheaper plastic watch straps. The team at House of Horology is paying a lot of attention to the stitching colors as well: they're currently swapping colors of green to get just the right green. Leather Watch Straps We received validation samples of leather watch straps earlier this summer as well. Here is a quick photo of all three leather strap sizes. The leather on the straps feels really nice. House of Horology has been refining their extra-durable leather straps this last year and these are the best straps I've seen to date. There are a few issues with the leather straps that still need to be addressed. As seen in the above photo, the white stitching color is incorrect on the long straps and does not match the white stitching from the other two sizes. The branding logo is also missing from the short- and regular-length straps. The other significant issue is that the holes on the new straps are too small. With the leather watch straps used on our prototypes (borrowed from Bedlam), the watch buckle slips easily into the hole. With the current samples, the buckle is hard to buckle because of the smaller holes—and the used holes may be more susceptible to being quickly deformed. We also have some concerns on lead times and are asking the House of Horology team to make sure we have delivery time options in our standard 30-60 day time frame (necessary for any mass-market device with so many customization options). We have asked for revised samples so that we can approve the leather straps for production. Both the leather and silicon rubber straps were scheduled to be completed and arrive last year—and we need straps for production watches—so we are very eager to see these become production-ready. Next Steps The watch case design team is wrapping up the fit-validation fixes so we can move forward to either new fit-validation samples (if the re-milled cases still need work) or to production molds. They are also working through a few potential tweaks to the smart movement mounting and mechanical interconnect mechanism to ensure a good push-feel and long-term reliability. And they are working on getting us specs, dimensional data, material data sheets, reliability test data, estimated timelines and similar things which are necessary to get the watch case for the AGENT Smartwatch into production. We expect to be able to order new samples/case molds shortly. If the design team needs changes to the smart movement for pusher-interconnect purposes, our engineers will also be making the necessary tweaks there. The road to production is more time- and resource-intensive than we expected. We are really grateful for your patience as our team members push through the remaining issues and get this project wrapped up. I do not ask for your gratitude personally--but if you run into any of our watch case design team please share your support and gratitude with them. They are pretty stressed out right now. Thank you, very sincerely, for supporting our project. - Chris This last month or so has been a flurry of watch case activity, building and analyzing the fit-validation samples. The first two samples have arrived and our watch case design team has completed their initial analysis. There are issues to address and the design team is currently working to remedy those issues. We will drill down into those details in this update, to help explain where we are with the watch cases. We also have a lot of photos to share―including some photos from China. Watch case manufacturer visit in China While in China a few weeks ago, the House of Horology team dropped by Winson Watch (our watch case manufacturer). They took the time to check out one of the fit-validation watch case samples. Here are some quick photos from China. Photos are courtesy of and used by permission of Lawrence Leyderman, House of Horology. In the left photo, Lawrence is wearing one of the fit-validation watch case samples (with custom watch strap) alongside Winson Watch's Daniel Ni. The right photo features a close-up of one of the fit-validation watch case samples. Lawrence left Winson with a great impression of their workmanship. As he wrote us before leaving China: "I was extremely impressed by the AGENT case I viewed today. It looks and feels great - just like the high quality expensive watch we were pushing for :D Our manufacturer is A+++." Thank you very much to the team at House of Horology for taking time during their trip to check out the AGENT case samples. For those backers who would like to learn more about Winson Watch (the company/factory creating the watch cases for our project), here is a link to their Alibaba store: <url>"shaft" diameter, the inner "button" diameter is also incorrect. The pushers stick out too far from the case, inconsistent with both the prototypes and Bedlam watches. The inner rod of the pusher (which pushes the smart movement's buttons inside the case) is inconsistent between the five pushers. On at least four of the pushers, the inner rod of the pusher (which pushes the smart movement's buttons inside the case) does not extend far enough into the case to reliably activate the inner buttons. Once pushed, the pushers seem to require the proper low amount of pressure to push; however the first time they are pushed (and after some time at rest) the pressure required to push them is far too high. We have not received official pound force or push repetition specifications for the pushers yet, so we cannot yet test their pressure and reliability specs. Analysis: Case Back For production watches, the design team has created a pretty cool edge-to-edge case back made out of a special glass with enhanced scratch-resistance. We want to paint the inside of this glass black for production (similar to the look on iPhone 4). We were expecting the fit-validation samples to be transparent, but the manufacturer applied an interior mirror finish to demonstrate their printing capability instead. The case back specification is 1.0mm. Combined with the water pressure seal, the fit-validation samples came in at an incorrect and much thicker 2.17mm. The screws which attach the case back also need some sort of enhanced buffering to protect the glass from screw-pressure cracks. The manufacturer is aware of this and with the design team is working to remedy that issue as well. Analysis: Watch Case (main portion) The watch cases themselves (i.e. the main portion) are quite beautiful. The fit-validation samples were milled from watch steel for fit purposes and then PVD coated: they could be easily mistaken for production timepieces. The design team increased the thickness of the inner walls a little bit to accommodate a wider variety of watch case materials (since different materials need different thicknesses to meet our strength requirements). Cutouts were added for the display, backlight and smart movement, although somehow in the translation from physical measurement to CAD to samples neither the display nor the backlight fit inside the sample cases. [NOTE: for the photos in this update, we were able to squeeze a memory display into a fit-validation case but this required damaging the under-bezel corners of the display.] We expected that the smart movement might need a little bit of resizing, but the same wall which is blocking the display and backlight is blocking the movement as well. Since the movement inside the watch on the right side is black like the watch case, it may be hard to see the mechanical conflict which prevents it from sliding into the watch case; clicking on the photo will take you to a larger version. One last note on the watch cases: on one of the fit-validation samples, the manufacturer accidentally inserted the bezel at 180 degrees rotation. Since the screen, backlight and movement only fit one way that particular sample is unusable and has to be fixed or discarded. The design team is looking at ways to add some sort of alignment tab to ensure proper rotation during assembly. Analysis: Watch Strap Rods Next up are the watch strap rods (which attach the watch strap to the watch case body). In Update #12, we mentioned that we were enhancing the watch straps by replacing the thick attachment rods with integrated quick-release pins inside the watch straps themselves. While the exterior look would not change as a result, we got a lot of backer feedback indicating a preference for the thicker attachment rods and hex screws used on the prototypes. So we did some testing. With the thick leather straps, the quick-release pins performed well under most circumstances. The thickness of the leather straps kept the straps themselves from deforming when pressed up against a wall or other obstacle: that thickness usually prevented the quick-release mechanism from being accidentally activated. We also tested an off-the-shelf quick-release strap from a major watch manufacturer. Unfortunately the third-party strap was far too easy to accidentally detach from the watch case body, often sending the watch flying off the wrist in tests. So with an eye towards a good experience with third-party straps and based on strong backer feedback, we have returned to the earlier hex rod design. We received sample production hex rods with the fit-validation watch cases and discovered a few issues. The first issue is that we should only have one screw in the hex rods; the left hex portion of the rod should be a part of the shaft. On top is the rod we used in the original prototype watch cases. It is slightly thinner than the rods we received from the watch case manufacturer and its left side is part of the rod itself. This is important for assembly/reassembly and also to help keep the strap in place in case the opposing screw is accidentally lost. On bottom is the production validation rod we received with the watch cases. It consists of a rod with two screws, incorrectly, instead of the single screw design. We also noticed that the validation rods did not have any Locktite-like adhesive. This will need to be remedied for production to help ensure that the screws do not loosen during normal use. The other issue with the rods is that the hex portion itself is not the correct size (~2mm, as used on the Bedlam watch strap rods). In fact, we went to Home Depot and picked up a set of both metric and inch-based hex wrenches and none of them fit the hex rods. Additionally the hex portion of the screw was off-centered on one of the hex rods, a QA issue which needs to be remedied in production. Analysis: Road Test After wearing a fit-validation watch case sample on my wrist for a week, I can confirm that it looks great and feels comfortable. There are many dimensional and QA issues to address (including a case thickness reduction to incorporate that thick seal). I did experience a bit of condensation inside the lens which concerns me―although that may be due to water which entered the watch while I had it open for photographs. We will be water- and pressure-testing the watch cases to make sure there are no seal issues and we will be working with the case manufacturer to identify best practices for flushing humidity during factory assembly as well. Next Steps The watch gurus at House of Horology have already started to address the spec and QA issues and we expect to order updated fit-validation case samples soon. I will post a schedule update once we know how long it will take to fix these issues; our assumption is that it should only take a few weeks (plus 2+ weeks for new samples to be made). In the meantime and in parallel with the watch case work, our engineering team is working on the next generation of the AGENT operating system. We do not have feature details to share today and that follow-up OS is not due for release soon, but we want to make sure that backers understand that AGENT is a long-term strategy for us and that we will be continuing to support backers and upgrade watch rewards after they come off the assembly line. I will continue posting mini-updates on the Comments page and on our Facebook feed as the watch case design team works through the above issues. We are also continuing to prepare for production and are building test plans, so we will continue sharing those details too. I know that the road to production has been a lot longer than most of us expected or desired and I sincerely sympathize with both your excitement for physical reward deliveries and any anxiety during the process towards production. We're sorry. We're grateful. We're excited. On behalf of our team, thank you so much for your support. - Chris The AGENT Smartwatch is a high-tech custom timepiece, designed for final assembly in the USA. In contrast, the majority of watches are assembled using off-the-shelf watch components, customized and manufactured in Asia. And most smartwatches are manufactured as consumer electronics items, on the same production lines as smartphones and tablet computers. Over the last two months, we have been working with the watch case team to bring those two very different worlds into alignment, creating a smartwatch which blends the best of both worlds. The watch case team has now signed off on the design and we have ordered CNC fit-validation samples of the watch case (including fully-assembled cases with seals and lenses). I'll share more details on that in a moment. How watches are designed and manufactured In today's watch industry, most watches consist primarily of a watch case, a watch strap and an internal mechanical assembly called a "movement". The movement moves the watch hands, holds the battery, and reacts to the pushers (push buttons). The physical design of watch cases is very diverse, but watch companies today rarely design their own movements. The expertise of most watch companies has transitioned to being fashion and lifestyle experts, envisioning and sketching how they want watches to look and feel and then working with Asian ODMs (Original Design Manufacturers) to turn those visions into physical realities. This is similar in ways to how the consumer electronics industry has evolved. Today, even huge electronics companies with legions of engineering experts use Asian ODMs like Foxconn to turn their electrical and industrial designs into manufacturable products. For the watch industry, the manufacturing equipment, watchmaking expertise and cost structures have all converged at those ODMs. Historically, watch companies in North America built and manufactured their own custom movements. Today almost all of those movements are off-the-shelf units built in Asia (with some exceptions like Swiss precision movements). With AGENT, we are similarly building our own custom premium "smart movement" (electronics assembly) and doing final assembly here in the USA. It turns out that this is not a typical model for Asian watch case ODMs; they prefer to customize existing designs and typically manufacture the complete watches themselves. Collaborating with an Asian watch ODM House of Horology offers our project deep industry knowledge and has met with, worked with and/or recruited several European and Asian watch ODMs and watch component suppliers. For the AGENT Smartwatch collaboration, they have selected an Asian watch manufacturer (ODM) with an integrated design team, in-house production lines and a six year manufacturing track record. Our Asian watch case manufacturer typically customizes existing designs or creates watch case designs from scratch based on customer drawings (using off-the-shelf internal components)—and designs them for their production line. So in the case of our smartwatch (with a very non-traditional smart movement, a custom backlight which integrates with the bezel for thinness and final assembly in the USA), there were a lot of design and assembly details to work out. Here are some anecdotes from the design process, to help provide a little more insight for backers into working with an overseas watch case manufacturer. Behind the scenes We sent the original watch case design (same shape as the prototype watch cases we built, as featured on our project page) to the manufacturer as a CAD design, and they made the necessary modifications to wall thickness (and added the necessary seals) to meet our water resistance requirements. We asked for the modified source files back—which our engineers and the backlight team use to double-check that everything matches up mechanically. But the manufacturer uses different CAD software (NX vs Solidworks) so to be helpful they exported the files into a more universal format instead of sending back actual source files. Unfortunately the watch case was exported as a solid piece so we couldn't pull it apart to validate the measurements. After a few trips through the language barrier, we were able to explain that they should just send us the actual source files—which our backlight engineers were able to import into Solidworks. With traditional watches, the internal movement can be held in place via structural shelves and pressure- or snap-holders. So our watch case manufacturer added in structural pieces to hold our smart movements in place—but those extra pieces mechanically interfered with the backlight assembly. It took a few rounds to figure out that they were trying to provide a support shelf for the smart movement (i.e. they did not understand that the backlight assembly was the structural base for the smart movement). Once we confirmed to them that the two structures did the same thing, they happily removed the duplicate structure. Some of our smartwatch's components are molded and some are CNC-milled (and others are molded and then also milled for precision fit). We established that we needed 0.25mm tolerance in areas protected by pressure seals between the watch internals (smart movement, backlight and bezel assembly, etc.) and watch case. We also found that the 0.25mm gap in the modified watch case design would potentially let the bottom corners of the display's electronics be visible. That may or may not be visible to the human eye, but we are building a premium timepiece so we asked the manufacturer to add an additional 0.25mm interior around the display to help ensure beautiful seams. We also added 0.50mm to the case thickness (lens to case back) to provide tolerances for the mating edge between watch case internals, charging coil and case back. Our watch case manufacturer did exactly what we asked, adding 0.50mm where requested, but did not stretch the angles of the watch case to match. This moved the pushers about 0.50mm out of angular alignment with the carefully-crafted angles of the watch. So we ended up drawing very precise diagrams and calculated exact angles, provided hypotenuse measurements for the corresponding right angle triangles, etc. For the mathematically-minded, we changed the top- and bottom-most left and right case angles from 70.0169° to 71.0124° and their length (hypotenuse) from 9.3638mm to 9.8352mm. We also modified the lugs that hold the straps in place to be 5.50mm wide instead of 5.00mm wide, changing their connecting angle from 71.222° to 72.8241° and increasing its length from 5.281mm to 5.7567mm. The lesson we learned: when working with overseas watch manufacturers on custom smartwatches, be very, very specific. They will happily turn your design into a manufacturable product, but you should provide, manage and verify all the small details that are not related to their areas of specialization. Building watch case samples As of this weekend, both our engineering team and the watch case team have approved the watch case design. So we have wired funds to our Asian manufacturer, to make three fit-validation sample watch cases (two assembled, one unassembled). They estimate a lead time of 15 days, so these samples should be ready to ship to us in about two weeks. These watch case validation samples consist of lens (including anti-glare), outer case, custom pushers, pressure seals and case back. While the outer case for the samples is for fit-validation only (made from commodity steel), the other components should be very similar to production components. Our backlight engineers combined the display, bezel and backlight into a single assembly (to minimize thickness of the watch); the bezel acts as the front of the backlight assembly, protecting and holding the memory display in place without adding extra thickness to watch. We will be making CNC samples of that bezel out of a high-grade polymer and shipping them to Hong Kong so that the bezels can be sealed between the lens and the inside of the watch. That final piece will complete the watch case. Next steps Over the next two weeks, our watch case manufacturer will be creating fit-validation samples of the completed watch case. We will be making CNC samples of the bezel which they will be sealing between the lens and inner watch case core. Once the samples arrive, we will be using precision calipers to validate measurements and we will be conducting water pressure tests on the seals. Our watch case team will also be double-checking the pressure calculations used for wall and lens thickness, to make sure that all production watch cases meet our minimum water resistance specs. In parallel to the watch case work, we are also working with the engineers who are building operating systems for smartphones and tablets, helping integrate features into next-gen mobile devices which will let your smartwatch rewards become even more capable over time. Most of that work is covered by pretty serious NDAs, but as those updated operating systems ship (along with complementary software upgrades for our smartwatches), we will show off some of the new capabilities. We are also continuing to spend up to around ten hours a week engaging with backers, working on Kickstarter updates, responding to e-mails and PMs, etc. Right now the volume of comments and posts and e-mails is pretty high and we sincerely apologize for any delays in responding while we catch up. Please do not hesitate to reach out to us if we can be of assistance, and please bear with us as we work through the backlog of messages and keep our focus on getting AGENT rewards ready for your wrist. Thank you, as always, for your support. Chris When we designed AGENT, we wanted a fashionable smart watch with great battery life that could also run real apps. And we wanted it to be cloud-connected, delivering personalized information to our wrists. Unfortunately the existing platforms and development tools in the market are either too power-hungry, too limited or too tied to closed ecosystems to meet our requirements. So we needed to build a lot of custom software--from a custom OS to custom developer tools and even a custom Bluetooth stack. This last month we have been deep-diving into both Bluetooth and our customized development platform, evolving that platform for even richer functionality. We know that a lot of our backers love deep technical details, so we will share a few cool technical details in just a moment. We have also been working with both the backlight engineering team and the watch case team to get molds started for both so we can build sample watches and push into production. We will share that update first, showing you what issues the teams have been solving and the progress they have made. Watch case and backlight molds The AGENT Smartwatch requires quite a bit of precision milling and precision assembly. Since our last update, the watch case design team added some structural supports below the new backlight assembly which help guide things into place and added a little bit of interior thickness to the watch case walls to meet strength requirements. Here is a quick view of how the lens, bezel, display and backlight line up inside the front of the watch. The smart movement (circuit board) and battery lines up below those--with the wireless coil in the back. The front assembly (shown) can be separated from the circuitry to aid in repair and to make battery replacement possible. The engineers on both teams are pretty comfortable with the design, and as of today they are both reviewing the fully-mated design to make sure no final small changes are necessary. Due to the precision alignment of the components, the watch case team has recommended that we make one quick set of CNC samples to ensure that the physical pieces fit together perfectly. That will add about two weeks to the molding timeline but will help us avoid any potential delays that could happen if some small alignment issue made the molds unusable. We expect to start CNCing both watch cases and bezel plastics in the next few days, and we will take photos to share. We are really excited to be able to start putting all the physical pieces together. Bluetooth Classifications The organization that runs Bluetooth (the Bluetooth SIG) creates standard classifications for Bluetooth devices. Each device is classified into a group, and this classification helps other Bluetooth devices understand what kind of device they are talking to. Technically our smart watch is a "watch sized wearable computer", but the Bluetooth SIG has created a distinct classification for wearable Bluetooth-enabled wristwatches. And the fun thing about the wristwatch classification is that some smartphones display a cool watch icon next to our device listing (instead of a computer icon). The little details make a lot of difference, and we love this classification. We are doing some testing to make sure that smartphones still see the watch as an Internet-connected computer so that we do not lose any functionality. But most of the feature advertising is done via a different mechanism (Bluetooth SDP) so we do not think that will be an issue. We also captured the wireless Bluetooth traffic from the Bluetooth discovery process with that Samsung phone. We are testing out different Minor classes (and the audio tag which may be required for some phones to pass us caller ID). We grabbed a screenshot of the wireless capture, including the raw Bluetooth packet for those interested. The screen grab is too large to show in-line, so we posted it on our Facebook page here: <url>—using their existing skills. We also happen to really love C# and Microsoft's .NET. These programming tools enable developers to accomplish a lot quickly and provide a safe environment to run third-party applications. So we provide the tiny version of .NET (.NET Micro Framework) in our AGENT OS. .NET Micro Framework contains a lot of features which are designed to enable people to build their own "Internet of Things" devices. It has core libraries for making sounds on buzzers, abstractions for physical microcontroller pins and custom versions of basic .NET debugging features. Many of these are there for backwards-compatibility with the old Microsoft SPOT devices, and those legacy features are generally not optimal for a modern wearables runtime. So one of the projects we've been working on is refining the .NET Micro Framework runtime we use on AGENT into an even sleeker, more modern runtime with the same core .NET as its base. This is in some ways similar to what WinRT has done for Windows Phone, taking the best of .NET and adding exciting new capabilities. The first AGENT SDK enabled developers to create cool watch faces and Bluetooth-connected watch apps using the traditional .NET Micro Framework runtime. For the current AGENT SDK, we added in support for additional .NET features in the new Agent.Core library. We also added in accelerometer support (seen here as the Windows.Devices.Sensors library). Developers have been using these with the emulator to create cool watch faces and concept watch apps. This is the current AGENT app development experience. This is what we are working on now for software developers: an update to the SDK which eliminates the need to use the legacy InterruptPort (pushbutton) and SerialPort (Bluetooth) assemblies. This completes most of the pre-launch work on the SDK. And finally, here is what we are planning for the future of the AGENT SDK. As we finish our transition to a sleek and modern wearables runtime, we will be deprecating the Microsoft.SPOT classes which .NET Micro Framework inherited from the Microsoft SPOT days. The old Microsoft.SPOT Debug.Print function will be replaced by the cross-platform System.Diagnostics Debug.WriteLine function. This new debugging feature will only compile debugging statements into your test code--so developers will no longer need to conditionally compile for Release time. Today we are using the Microsoft.SPOT.Bitmap class for drawing UIs and watch faces. We are creating a replacement for this which will deprecate Microsoft.SPOT graphics libraries completely--and we will be providing a simple way to transition existing apps over to the modern graphics classes. To connect to other Bluetooth Low Energy devices, we will be bringing some of the modern Bluetooth features from Windows Phone 8.1 to the AGENT runtime. And finally, we will be removing the Microsoft.SPOT.*.dll assemblies from AGENT project templates. These functions will be provided by classes in the Agent.Core library. The goal is to narrow down to just two core libraries: mscorlib (.NET itself) and Agent.Core (core AGENT libraries and .NET extensions). We will share more behind-the-scenes on the developer tools as we continue enhancing both the platform and the developer experience. This is a bit of a sneak peek into the relatively near future. In the end, every AGENT Smartwatch gets a modern developer runtime which enables great watch apps--and developers get to work with awesome tools which enable them to build those apps. We will continue working to evolve and enhance the runtime, creating a best-in-class platform for developers targeting wearables. Next Steps Over the next week, we will be working daily with both the backlight and watch case team to make sure that all engineers are satisfied with the precision and fit of the final backlight and watch case components. We will be ordering CNC-milled samples of the watch cases, double-checking the fit and beta-testing the assembly process. And then we will be ordering molds so we can make actual sample watch cases in preparation for production. We will also be working a lot on the next-generation Bluetooth stack for AGENT this month, and we will have some cool things to share there. We have been a bit timid about sharing super-technical details because we know that we have a mix of both technical and non-technical backers. We are hoping you enjoyed the technical content in this update; if you did, please let us know in the comments below. Thank you very much for your support, - Chris Batteries are wonderful things, providing portable power to our gadgets. They can also be a source of frustration, running low on power when least expected. Like the fuel gauge in an automobile, modern smartphones can display remaining battery run-time. But the chips which calculate that battery level are expensive and consume too much battery power to be used in low-power devices like smartwatches. Without knowing a smartwatch's battery level, we either charge constantly to avoid battery anxiety or we run to the charger when our batteries are low. Neither of these would be a reasonable experience for our premium smartwatch. In this update, we take you behind the scenes, showing you some of the cutting-edge battery management technology we have built into every AGENT Smartwatch. We share actual results from our extensive battery calibration tests. We also have a progress update on our custom backlights...more on that in a moment. Ideal battery conditions Batteries provide energy with electric pressure called voltage. A battery's voltage is highest when the battery is full, and that voltage decreases as the battery is depleted. Most low-power devices including smartwatches approximate remaining battery run-time ("battery %") by measuring their battery's current voltage. Here is a chart showing how battery voltage gently droops as battery run-time is depleted over time. This is a "near-ideal" battery curve, based on consistent battery current drain. As demonstrated in this chart, battery voltage decreases along a curve as batteries are depleted. And then the electric pressure drops off rapidly when the battery level is low (&lt;10%). This measurement—voltage—is what most low-power electronics use to let you know their batteries are "fully charged", "somewhat full", and "low". Real-world battery conditions The much more difficult thing to measure is actual battery % in real-world conditions. Our smartwatch spends most of its life in power-conserving sleep mode, waking up when necessary to process wireless notifications, to crunch numbers, to update the display, etc. These activities require much more power than sleep mode, and battery voltage drops significantly during periods where the device is active. Those voltage drops are more significant when the battery has less run-time remaining. As demonstrated in this chart, real-world usage complicates battery % measurement. As the AGENT Smartwatch wakes up and then hurries back to sleep, battery voltages swing. At around 10% remaining capacity, current draws can actually drop the voltage so low (below the 3.0V line) that many devices shut down to protect the battery. Complicating things further, battery voltage drops differently in cold outdoor conditions. Batteries lose capacity over time. Current measurements in battery gauges drift. And batteries which are partially recharged behave differently than batteries which are fully depleted before recharging. Unfortunately the nice battery gauge chips in smartphones consume more power by themselves than our entire smartwatch does in its usual sleep mode state. This means that adding a traditional battery gauge chip—for accurate battery measurements—could consume more than 15% of battery life just by itself. Advanced battery management To ensure a premium battery experience, we leveraged cutting-edge battery management technology. To track the power used by our energy-sipping components, we created some really smart power management software and combined it with Maxim's innovative ModelGauge m3 fuel gauge technology. We worked with Maxim Integrated to calibrate their super-low-power fuel gauge chips to our smartwatch's Lithium-ion battery characteristics. This calibration consisted of several weeks of tests, drawing various light and heavy currents across a large range of temperatures. This calibration also measured the battery's behavior while being charged and across multiple charge cycles. We really pushed the batteries, draining them much harder and faster than typical usage. Here is a chart showing results from 300 hours of calibration tests of an actual AGENT Smartwatch battery, under a wide variety of conditions: We are loading the characterization results of these tests into the ModelGauge m3 (MAX17047) chips which are built into every smartwatch reward. Combined with real-time battery voltage and current readings, our software is designed to provide accurate battery run-time readings in real-world conditions. So charge your smartwatch anytime you prefer. Check your battery % at a glance. Wear your AGENT Smartwatch and avoid battery charging anxiety. Backlights This last month we received and reviewed a series of hand-assembled backlights from our backlight supplier. A little over a week ago, we tentatively approved their final sample for production. They are now using their production tooling, on a clean-room production manufacturing line, to create machine-made production samples for us. They have promised to deliver those production samples to us within two weeks. A few backers asked why the backlights are so late being delivered. The memory displays we are using are really amazing, but they are so new that no off-the-shelf backlights exist for them yet. Additionally, the custom backlight our supplier has been working on is designed to consume only one third the power of a traditional backlight. That makes a huge difference in battery run-time. If the machine-made production samples meet our spec requirements, we can then finalize the case molds, test all the final pieces together, and move forward to regulatory testing, production and reward fulfillment. And if the production samples do not meet our spec requirements, we have contingency plans in place. Next steps Over the next few weeks, we will be diving deep into the core firmware on the AGENT Smartwatch, analyzing raw Bluetooth packets and testing the redundant recovery mode communication paths. We want to ensure that we can consistently and reliably deliver compelling new features to smartwatches in the field via our unique fail-safe system. We have requested some additional material samples (including composites) for various watch case components. We will be testing those with wireless charging and for RF passivity. And we will be testing the production backlight samples as soon as they arrive. We will share those results and the corresponding schedule update with you once the tests are completed—with some test results shared via backer-only updates. Thank you as always for your support, - Chris The best technology is often unseen—seamlessly blended into our environment, automatically sensing and reacting to our needs. AGENT offers a nifty "phone link lost" feature, alerting you when you step outside your smartphone's Bluetooth range. And while this is a great feature, we want to push proximity support to a whole new level. This last month, while working with our supplier to finalize the delayed backlights, we started work that will enable your smartwatch to interact seamlessly with nearby Bluetooth Smart devices. We also began pre-certification testing—which should expedite actual certifications once backlights and final smartwatch samples arrive. Bluetooth Proximity Watch apps should be able to detect your location at home, interacting with your smart thermostats and smart lighting. Together they should reduce your energy bill while keeping you comfortable and automatically turning on and off the lights around you. And when friends and family have AGENT smartwatches too, those apps should adapt. If a family member turns down their nearby lights for a movie or for sleeping, those lights should remain dimmed even when you walk into the room. Like many modern smartphones, AGENT supports the Bluetooth Proximity Profile (PXP). This Bluetooth LE feature can detect when a device has moved out of range, approximate the location of a device and even help lock and unlock smart door locks. Or lock your computer's screen when you step away. While new features take priority behind launch features, we will have demos of Bluetooth Proximity and APIs for watch app developers later this year. We will also make sure that you can enable and disable this feature for privacy. Smartwatch wireless power tests Last week I flew to Dallas Texas to meet with Texas Instruments' wireless power engineers. We analyzed AGENT's wireless charging (for efficiency, eddy currents, etc.) and also analyzed its companion charger. The smartwatch electronics are charging properly, transmitting both power and status data packets, to be compatible with any Qi wireless charging pad. The amount of eddy current absorbed into the smartwatch electronics is well below the limit--and we may be able to increase the shielding area to further decrease parasitic power losses. We also 3D-printed and CNC-milled samples of watch case components, to evaluate materials for both eddy currents (Qi wireless power) and signal patterns (Bluetooth wireless communication). We will share these test results a bit closer to production once we have good data; together we are pushing the boundaries of today's wireless technologies here. The final materials used in watch case components will be selected based primarily on beauty and wireless performance. Here is a quick video of the smartwatch electronics, charging wirelessly: <url>—and then roughly 30 days for Qi and FCC/IC/CE certification. Once we have passed those tests, we can push the smartwatch into production. We have avoided many of the risks and challenges discussed on our project home page, but unfortunately we have not been able to avoid all of them. Going forward, our project's biggest risks are in custom parts deliveries (watchcases, lenses, backlights) and any last-minute tweaks if needed to satisfy regulatory requirements. We have been and are taking steps to avoid risk--and if we run into any more unexpected delays we will share those with you, our backers. We have lots more to share as we navigate through the last few pre-production milestones, including a few surprises. We will also be adding new features to the AGENT SDK and sharing some cool (and normally not-published) technical data in upcoming updates. We are building the future of smartwatch technology here together--and we want to share some of the technical details that help make your wristwear so awesome. Thank you as always for your support, - Chris We believe that a smartwatch can be so much more than just a secondary display for your smartphone. Caller ID and notifications are compelling features for a smartwatch. But a smartwatch which can run powerful watch apps—while merely sipping battery juice—is a generational leap forward. This month we focused on enabling fitness apps using our dual-processor architecture. And we received samples of our custom wireless power coils, clearing another milestone on the road to certification and production. November SDK update Sensing motion in all three dimensions simultaneously, AGENT's accelerometer can count steps for fitness apps, enable gesture control, track movement patterns during sleep and more. Earlier this year we refined our dual-processor architecture: our power-efficient secondary processor can process sensor data while our powerful main processor sleeps. Now we're leveraging this refined architecture, enabling developers to build watch apps which react to motion events without dramatically decreasing battery run-time. A week ago we published the November update to our preview SDK. This update enables access to the smartwatch's accelerometer for all watch apps. It even includes an accelerometer emulator so that developers can start building and testing fitness and other motion-enabled apps right away. For those developers who have already written apps for Windows 8.1 or Windows Phone: AGENT utilizes the same Windows.Devices.Sensors.Accelerometer object model you already know. Preparing for our upcoming AGENT hackathons, we also introduced about a hundred software developers to the updated SDK during two interactive classes at the Microsoft MVP Summit. A few dozen of our backers were in attendance, and backer Rob Chartier showed off his cool Z-Wave home automation watch app. We ran one of the accelerometer class projects on AGENT hardware, answered a lot of great deep dive technical questions, and had a lot of fun. Simply put: our goal with the AGENT SDK, emulator and hackathons is to provide the world's best software development experience for a smartwatch—so that developers can build the world's best smartwatch apps. Wireless power coils As of the last update, our custom wireless charger coils had not yet arrived as scheduled. We have been working closely with our wireless coil supplier and I'm happy to report that the first coil samples have now arrived. Both of the custom wireless power coils (for charger and smartwatch) include centering magnets for easy alignment—and the charger coil's shield has integrated screw holes which help minimize the size of the charger's plastic shell. Here is a photo of our charger circuitry which we paired with an off-the-shelf power coil for preliminary testing (left side). On the right side is our charger's custom transmitter coil (top right) and our smartwatch's custom receiver coil (bottom right). AGENT's companion wireless charger is both a very small and a very powerful travel charger, compatible with any Qi-enabled device. Next steps With custom wireless power coils in hand, we are now ready for Qi pre-certification testing for both the charger and the smartwatch internals. We will be conducting those tests in December and sharing the results with our backers. For the smartwatch itself, the final two milestones before certification are the custom backlight and the custom watch case. We received a second, updated backlight last week, and our supplier is now much closer to meeting our specifications. We expect to clear that milestone very soon. As soon as the smartwatch's inner assembly is complete with backlight, our watch case manufacturer will double-check all measurements and we can finalize the watch case molds. With those production watch cases in hand, we will be able to move forward with official Qi, FCC, IC and CE certifications. Once we pass the regulatory tests, we can immediately begin production. And once we receive official notice of FCC certification, we can start shipping out rewards. Waiting for custom coils and backlights is not fun since they are prerequisites for certification. We have been pushing hard to keep the production timeline close to our initial estimated schedule, and we will continue to expedite the overall process with our custom parts suppliers and certification test houses. Together with you, we are building cutting-edge hardware; I'm confident that the end result will be a smartwatch we can be very proud of. We are so grateful for all of our awesome backers. And we are grateful for your patience as we clear these last few milestones together and push the AGENT Smartwatch onto the assembly line. Thank you as always for your support, - Chris We have raised funds together, to make the AGENT Smartwatch a reality. We have turned our prototypes into manufacturable circuit boards. And we have taken our already-sophisticated circuit designs and improved upon them. We created a stellar product together, one that we can be proud of. Now it is time to lock everything down, validate all of our enhancements and prepare for the assembly line. This is the third trimester of our journey together, the transition from engineering to smartwatch production. Components First, an update on the components that go into your Smartwatch rewards: UPS and FedEx Ground deluged us with boxes this week, delivering in total nearly a million components for AGENT Smartwatches and chargers. Included in those components are long-lead-time parts (i.e. some parts needed to be ordered months in advance), so we are well positioned to begin production as soon as certifications are complete. There are a few components which will start arriving a bit later in the process. Those include some commodity parts like capacitors and resistors that distributors regularly stock. We are also waiting on our custom coils, backlights, enclosures and packaging. More on those in a moment. Airplane mode and updated FAA regulations Airlines have historically required that passengers turn off all their electronics items during certain stages of flight. So we have built three modes into the hardware: turned on, airplane mode, and turned off. Luckily for those backers here in the United States, the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) just decided to allow devices to remain powered on during flight. While phones will still need to have their cellular radios turned off (in part because of FCC prohibitions on airborne cellular usage), your watch should continue to function normally during flight. If you use in-flight WiFi with your phone, notifications will continue being delivered to your smartwatch. And when you do take your phone out of airplane mode after landing, you can quickly update the time zone on your watch. For international backers with in-flight restrictions on electronics, we hope that the FAA's decision helps provide a precedent regarding airborne electronics in your countries as well. In the meantime, we will still be including the airplane mode setting and will enable you to turn off your watch. Measure twice, cut once The next step in our road to production is to pull all of the components together and make sure everything functions properly as a whole in the finished product. Once we know everything behaves and fits within spec, we can finalize the case molds and start the Qi/FCC certification processes. Once we pass those tests, we can immediately begin production. As we enter this third trimester, schedule risks are more likely to pop up. This is the part of the process where, as outlined on the main project page, we may need to adjust mechanical tolerances or coil designs or RF circuitry. We have done a lot of measuring and testing of individual pieces over the last few months, and now it is time for additional full system testing. Since our product features both wireless communication and wireless charging, we will be testing RF data throughput as well as detecting eddy currents on the wireless power coils. Most of our coil testing is in regards to magnetic alignment and "friendly metal" power losses (i.e. neighboring metals which potentially divert some of our power). We want you to understand more about how this technology works, and we will be sharing some cool details from those tests with you. We received the first samples of the AGENT Smartwatch's wireless power coil on Monday, and they look great. Our coil supplier will be delivering samples of the chargers' custom power transmission coils shortly as well. We had estimated that we would receive both coils last week, but it took a little longer than expected to make molds for the custom coils' shields. Our supplier's engineers are using those now-completed molds to expedite a few charger coil samples to us. [For the non-engineers in the audience: wireless power coils have shields underneath the coils so that power transfer is concentrated within the coils themselves...rather than leaking into the electronic components behind the shields.] We also received the first sample of the smartwatch's backlight this week. Those backlights do need some modifications, and we will be concentrating largely on those modifications this coming week (while eagerly awaiting the charger power coils). Closing thoughts Overall we are pretty excited about how everything is coming together. The next SDK preview will go live in a little over two weeks (with sensor support), and we recently started preparing hands-on labs for the AGENT hackathons. The silicon rubber watchstrap molds are approaching completion. We are working through packaging details, designing it for both reward deliveries and eventual retail sale. And of course we are addressing customs paperwork issues. The energy around here is exciting, and we are really looking forward to delivering these smartwatches to you, our backers. Thank you, as always, for supporting and joining us on this journey. - Chris To deliver extraordinary battery run-time with every AGENT Smartwatch, we designed every circuit and selected every component for optimal power consumption. Last month, we improved the dual-processor architecture and the efficiency of our power conversion circuitry. This month we have been wrapping up the remainder of the hardware tweaks, optimizing the battery gauge and upgrading to a super-smart light sensor. We also started receiving hundreds of thousands of components for your watch rewards. More on that in the next update. Battery modeling Some older battery technologies developed "battery memory" if charged too frequently. They required deep discharge cycles to maximize battery life. And their battery chemistry couldn't enable super-long battery run-time. Modern Lithium-ion batteries don't suffer from these issues, but accurately tracking their battery levels can be difficult. Sudden increases in power consumption cause voltage sags which can throw off traditional battery-percentage calculations. So we built a super-smart battery gauge into every AGENT Smartwatch. It enables developers to measure power consumption in real-time so they can build battery-friendly apps. It can also provide accurate battery level readings. To make those readings even more accurate, we're sending a number of batteries to the lab for testing and modeling. The batteries will be methodically examined to see how they behave under low and heavy current draws, how they behave during charging, etc. We will be loading the modeling results into the memory of every battery gauge after it comes off the assembly line. Accurate battery level readings = less battery charging anxiety. Ambient light sensor enhancement When we originally designed the AGENT Smartwatch, we included a dual-light sensor to measure luminosity. This enabled us to adjust the screen's backlight brightness based on ambient light levels. That's a smart use of power, but we wanted to take things to another level. Traditional light sensors use little power in the dark, but sunlight causes them to use hundreds or thousands of microwatts of power. For reference that means that a light sensor could use as much power as the entire rest of the watch combined in standby mode. Because of this light sensors are often turned off most of the time. Yet if we could enable the light sensor to be awake all the time, we could enable some really smart scenarios—like not using power to update the watch's display while it's under your sleeve or while you're sleeping. Or enabling the creativity of developers who want to leverage light level readings in their apps. So we have upgraded the watch's already-powerful light sensor to a cutting-edge and significantly more expensive Maxim 44009 ambient light sensor. This new dual-light sensor uses 50 times less power than a normal light sensor and is 64 times more precise. In fact it uses less power turned-on under bright sunlight than most others need in their sleep modes. And it has the ability to wake up the main microcontroller only when light levels change. Smart. SDK Update Over the last few months, many of you have been creating awesome watch faces and watch apps using the AGENT Preview SDK and Emulator. We have really enjoyed seeing your creativity and have been testing out some of your apps here as well. We have been working on an update to the SDK that enables apps to access the accelerometer and light sensor. We will be releasing that SDK update on November 20, 2013. Next Steps Next week we will be receiving most of the components for the first big batch of watches and chargers, including the upgraded light sensors. We should also be receiving the first custom wireless coils and backlight parts. Next month we will be focused on starting sample production, moving into Qi and FCC testing, and gearing up for production. We will be back with another update next Thursday night, on Halloween. Thank you very much for your support, Chris Preparing a product for manufacturing requires extensive testing. Unlike software, hardware cannot be changed once a device has been manufactured. So the first half of our schedule has been focused largely on designing, assembling, and validating electronic components and circuit boards. As part of this process, we've found a few ways to further optimize AGENT's hardware design and a few ways to make it an even nicer watch. Watch strap enhancement One of the most common requests from backers has been for extra watch straps. Some of you want to switch between silicon rubber and leather watch straps during the day; others want to accessorize their smartwatches with different accent stitching at night. The hex wrench-based design used by the prototype watches is really cool, but swapping out watch straps frequently using hex wrenches is a tedious experience. We want to keep the beautiful design from the prototype watch cases—but we also want to ensure that swapping out watch straps is both quick and effortless. I am pleased to announce that we are enhancing the watch strap attachment method, embedding quick release pins into every watch strap. Of course you will still be able to swap in any standard 22mm watch strap using standard pins as well. To remove a watch strap, simply pull the small under-strap tab towards the strap center. I have attached a cameraphone photo of the quick-release pin design to the bottom of this post. We'll take more photos later for you as well. Watch strap sizes and materials Many of our female backers have requested an extra-short watch strap for their AGENT Smartwatch rewards. So the team at House of Horology has been measuring a lot of arms and watch straps to make sure we have a good option for the ladies. We will have leather straps available in three sizes: in addition to regular and extra-long straps, we'll also have a shorter strap available in genuine leather. As with the extra-long straps, the shorter straps will be available in a subset of accent stitching colors. On another note, we have finalized the design of the silicon rubber watch straps and ordered the first production watch strap mold; we expect to receive samples in a little over a month. Smartwatch circuitry enhancements The AGENT Smartwatch features an innovative dual-processor design which saves energy by offloading tasks from the main 32-bit micro to the helper 8-bit micro. Since designing the original schematics, we've created a second generation of this technology which enables the lower-power micro to take on even more of the workload. So we've rewired the circuitry in the watch to take advantage of this new design. We have also improved the efficiency of the power conversion circuitry. It turns out that our sleep mode is even lower in power usage than ultra-efficient power converters are designed to handle efficiently. So we've moved to a design borrowed from the energy harvesting industry which can operate efficiently even at ultra-low standby power levels. We have also been working on ways to help ensure the security and privacy of your data as it flows to and from your smartwatch. In a nutshell, we are leveraging hardened cryptographic security to protect you and your data. More on that in a later update. Wireless charger samples Since our last update, we assembled a number of wireless charger circuit boards. We also ordered CNC-milled proofs of the charger's plastic case. We are using those to make sure that everything fits perfectly and to verify that the circuitry is charging devices as designed. We have posted photos of the wireless charger's assembled circuit boards and CNC-milled cases on our Facebook page at: <url>–features like lower standby current and smart power delivery monitoring. Along with the extra microcontroller we put in our wireless charger base, these two microchips enable us to build a premium wireless travel charger. Among other premium features, our wireless charger has a feature called Dynamic Power Limiting. This basically means that it is smart enough to draw enough power to charge at 1 amp when plugged into a high-power USB port but will automatically reduce its power draw on standard 0.5 amp USB ports. And when not charging a device, the charger will automatically drop into an energy-saving standby mode. The wireless charger is designed to conform to the new Qi 1.1 standard. Among other things, that means that it can receive power measurements from the device that is charging; if the device isn't receiving power properly then our charger is designed to automatically shut off charging and subtly alert you. Smart. Charger circuit board samples We completed the charger's electrical design this last week and have included renderings below. Next week we'll be triple-checking all the components to make sure they meet our specifications, routing the chip circuitry, and ordering circuit boards and parts for production samples. In a few weeks we will have assembled charger circuit boards, prototype coils, and 3D printed cases in hand. We will use those samples to tune the circuitry and verify that the charger is performing as designed. Then we will pre-test the sample in an independent FCC test lab to make sure that it meets FCC emission requirements for home use. Once the production coils and production charger plastics arrive later this autumn, we will submit the charger for official FCC, IC (Canada), CE, and Qi testing at an independent test lab. Once those certifications are complete we'll put the chargers on the assembly line. We'll also be assembling the required CE paperwork for European customs. Barring any unexpected delays, we anticipate having chargers ready for backers in December as planned. And, based on your feedback from the previous update, we will be making extra chargers. More on that later as we firm up our plans and exact schedule. Next steps In parallel to wrapping up the wireless charger design these last few weeks, we've also been busy preparing for the second circuit board spin of the AGENT Smartwatch. And we've been working on an SDK Preview update and the Bluetooth infrastructure for the companion phone apps. Over the next month we'll switch our update focus to sharing progress and technical details about the smartwatch itself, the SDK and app infrastructure. And of course we'll share photos when the chargers arrive :) Thank you all for your support, - Chris AGENT is the first smartwatch that doesn't compromise. So naturally it needs a wireless charger built to a similar standard. We have been neck deep in engineering these last few weeks, much of it finalizing the travel-sized wireless charger. Here are a few highlights. Beautiful RGB LED Wireless charging should be simple and delightful. We didn't want to design a wireless charger with a confusing array of blinking LED patterns. We didn't want to design a wireless charger which bleeped and blooped. When you lay down your AGENT smartwatch on the charger, it should elegantly inform you that it is charging and then let you know when charging is complete. And of course the charger should look good while it is doing all of the above. So in another industry first, we're integrating a gorgeous pinhole-sized RGB LED indicator into the front edge of the wireless charger. That means that we can represent charging status with easily-understood colors—and we can control the intensity of the light to create pulsing and breathing patterns. So when you set down your watch on the charger, the charger will pulse a gentle white light to indicate that your watch is charging. And when your watch is fully charged, the light will go steady white. If it has any troubles charging your watch, the LED will turn red. And since some of you will keep your chargers in your bedroom near where you sleep, we're creating a way to dim or turn off the LED completely. That feature may not be ready on launch day, but it will be provided as a free firmware update. Yes, we've put a microcontroller inside the charger. More on that later. Wireless power coil Last week we signed off on the final design for the charger's wireless power coil. It was custom-designed to both meet the requirements of the Qi transmit coil specification and also still fit within our petite charger's case. We designed pass-through holes for screws in the charger coil's shield (so that we can align it inside the charger case using the same screws we use to attach the case back). We also added 1mm standoffs to create an air gap between the coil and the circuit board; while we are not using a lot of electricity to transmit power, even small amounts of heat can be the enemy of efficient wireless power transfer. We are paying a lot of attention to the little details, to make sure we deliver great products. Designing for American manufacturing In manufacturing plants across much of Asia, labor is much less expensive than here in the USA. Because of this, electronics manufacturers often replace sophisticated but expensive parts with several simpler and less expensive components. And they use parts which require manual assembly methods. This means that the focus is more on the cost of parts than on the cost of labor. In contrast, since we're manufacturing AGENT and its companion wireless charger here in the USA, we do a lot of legwork to optimize the assembly process itself. And we focus on reducing the total component count, opting to pay extra for sophisticated multi-function parts that are reliable and can be assembled by pick and place robots. For the engineers in the audience, that means that we have been having conversations recently like whether to use coil drivers with integrated FETs or less expensive coil drivers which require external FETs. We've been talking about how to best arrange components so that we can use resistor arrays instead of individual resistors. And we've been optimizing the assembly procedure for the charger cases. The legwork required to design for domestic manufacturing helps us reduce manufacturing times, ensure a high-quality product and employ our neighbors. We believe the effort is worthwhile. Next steps Over the next two weeks, we'll be finishing up the charger circuit boards and sending them off for sample production. We'll be continuing our work on Bluetooth Low Energy support (for iPhone compatibility) and getting another SDK preview release ready. We'll be sure to post another update at the end of August to fill you in on our progress. Thank you all for your support, Chris July brought beautiful summer weather to the USA's east coast, encouraging New Yorkers to get outside and enjoy the sun. Or so we're told. We have been spending a lot of time indoors, busy getting the AGENT smartwatch ready for our backers' wrists. We have enjoyed every minute of it. There is a lot of news to share; here are some highlights. Circuit Boards First of all, the big news. In our last update, we had ordered samples of our production circuit boards (revision one). They just arrived and we have already assembled a few of them. They are gorgeous. The PCBs are ENIG which means that we plate the contact pads with nickel and then add a thin layer of immersion gold (to protect the nickel pads from oxidation). We also cover the remainder of the six-layer board with glossy black soldermask. Yes, the AGENT smartwatch is beautiful both inside and outside. These circuit boards are thin and include all the production circuitry. The holder for the replaceable battery is on the bottom along with the wireless charging circuitry and the vibration motor. These boards are packed tightly; if you'd like a closer look please check out the high-res versions at www.facebook.com/agentwatches/ The display and backlight will be mounted on top; the wireless charging coil will be cradled underneath the PCB. Charger update Speaking of wireless charging coils, we've been doing a lot of engineering validation on the wireless charger's circuitry. This brings us to another piece of cool news: We can now confirm that our Qi charger will be able to charge devices at up to 1 Amp! If you selected a "watch with charger" reward, this means that you will be able to fast-charge compatible Qi-enabled smartphones with AGENT's travel-sized charger. The AGENT smartwatch itself is not affected by this enhancement, since its battery requires less than 0.1 Amps to charge. To take advantage of this fast-charge feature, you will need a USB port or a USB wall adapter which supports higher current draws. We will have more details and specs later in the year. Xamarin.Android Along with our friends at Xamarin, we have been working on Android support for AGENT. We have been building out infrastructure support for our Android phone app, and we have been creating new ways for software developers to create AGENT-enabled Android apps. We know that most Android developers write their apps in Java, and we have already seen some community members start to add AGENT support to those apps. But there are also a lot of C# developers in our community and we'd like to help enable them to create AGENT-enabled apps for Android using their favorite developer tools and language. Xamarin guru Bryan Costanich built a cool sample project for Android, to get developers started. It relays a chat message from an Android phone to the AGENT watch--and replies with a message delivery confirmation. It works with Xamarin tools and the AGENT emulator; if you'd like to build AGENT-enabled Android apps using C#, be sure to check it out. <url>—and still get great battery life. Some of our backers are software developers, and this last week they started building some really cool watchfaces. Soon they will start developing connected watch apps as well, using the upcoming AGENT SDK. With all these cool watchfaces and watch apps being created, we want to make sure that it is really easy for you to discover and install them on your AGENT smartwatch. I'm excited to announce that, thanks to the generous extra funding from our backers, we are building a watch app store! I know that there will be a lot of questions about how a watch app store will work, so let me address the top questions here first. Q: How will I use the watch app store? A: We will provide a straightforward store experience on your phone where you can discover and search for watchfaces and watch apps—and then install them to your watch. Q: Can I also get watch apps outside the official store? A: Yes, absolutely. You can side-load apps from a PC, from the web, from within another app, and even from within another app store. AGENT is not a closed ecosystem, and we want you to have the freedom to download any app or content to your watch. Q: Is the watch app store for free apps or paid apps? A: To start with, all watchfaces and watch apps in the store will be free. Paid apps can be sold outside the store, and we will provide documentation for developers on how to seamlessly install those paid apps onto your smartwatch. Q: Is there an app approval process? Any restrictions? A: The watch app store, at least to start with, will be community moderated. We cannot tolerate apps which are illegal, defamatory, or explicit in nature. Please think of the children :) We're super-excited about all the cool watchfaces and apps that developers in our community are making, are we can't wait to see them running on your wrists. As always, thank you all so much for your support, - Chris Open house invitation We wish we could meet all of our amazing backers in person. We are grateful that we got to meet some of you at the World Science Festival two weeks ago. We would love to get together again. Tomorrow night we will be hosting an AGENT open house at the House of Horology flagship store. We are pulling some of our hardware out of the lab and will be diving deep into the technology behind AGENT. We will also be talking about watchmaking and showcasing House of Horology's Bedlam watches. If you are in New York City and can drop by after work, please come say hello. The event will run from 6pm to 9pm Eastern Time (13-Jun-2013). House of Horology 193 Prince Street New York, NY 10012 New Watchfaces, Facebook and Twitter While the AGENT preview SDK is only eight days away, some of our backers have already started building watchfaces (even without the proper tools)! We have been taking photos and videos of their cool new watchfaces on official AGENT gear and posting them over on our Facebook page. Left: "Binary Clock" watchface by Esben Jühne Bast Right: "Pixel" watchface by Dylan Mazurek If you would like to keep up with all of the latest watchfaces and photos from events, please follow us on Facebook or Twitter: <url>"Innovation Square" event. The event is outside and the weather should be warm. If you are in the New York City metro area, we invite you to drop by and say hello. We will be bringing along some of our prototypes, talking about technology and showing attendees how to write smartwatch apps. The address is 6 MetroTech Center in Brooklyn (NYU Polytechnic Institute campus), and we will be there from noon until about 8pm. For more information on the event and for directions: <url>"measuring tape" which you can print and use to determine which watchstrap size is perfect for you! Thank you all so much for your support. We look forward to meeting some of you this weekend! - Chris We are awed by the diversity of our backers. You are helping make AGENT a reality——from every corner of the globe. Many of you speak English as a second (or third or fourth) language. Your friends send you notifications in your native language and your music tracks are written in a foreign language too. We respect the rich cultural diversity that makes up your lives. And it is very important to us that your information is displayed properly on your smartwatch, in your native language. So we built AGENT on top of an international font rendering engine and a Unicode (UTF8) core. And while your smartwatch already supported embedding fonts inside apps, the additional funding from the last few days enables us to make a major enhancement to the core AGENT OS. I am excited to announce that we are enabling international language support for AGENT and for all watch apps. We are licensing several international fonts for all of our backers' watches from the global leader in typography, Monotype. This means that your notifications, music tracks and other information will all be displayed with beautiful native characters. We can even support Hebrew with RTL (right-to-left) text rendering. We're licensing these fonts for the entire watch——so every third-party watch app will automatically be able to display data in your native language too. For those who write solely in English or a Latin language, this enhancement means that the AGENT ecosystem will grow much larger and that more developers will create more apps and more watchfaces for your smartwatch too. There are a lot of details to this core enhancement and I'm sure there will be a lot of questions. Let me answer the big ones first: Q: Which international character sets will you support? A: Latin (English, Spanish, Portuguese, French, etc.), Cyrillic (Russian, etc.), Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai and Hebrew. We have options for other languages too; ask questions below. Q: Will the AGENT user interface still be English? A: Yes, at least for today. In the future we hope to translate our menus and instructions into many languages as the AGENT community continues to grow. Q: When will international character support be available? A: For smaller character sets: when you receive your watch. For Chinese, it may take an additional 90 days or so to get the fonts ready for your watch. Q: How many Chinese characters will be supported? A: Chinese has a very rich and a very large character set. We will support more than a thousand of the most popular characters by default and we will make it possible to load even larger sets of characters onto your smartwatch. We're so excited about the many enhancements that your continued generosity is enabling. As more backers join the AGENT movement, we will be able to make even more enhancements to every backers' smartwatch. Thank you all so much for your support, - Chris You, our backers, continue to amaze! In less than five days we have completely run out of December "watch with charger" rewards. Simply incredible. Many of you have asked if we are going to open up new reward tiers for more watches—or if we are limiting production to just 4,205 units. I'm happy to announce that we are making more rewards available—but not for December delivery. We're not willing to compromise delivery to our current backers, and promising to make more watches faster would do exactly that. AGENT is a premium designer smartwatch. We can comfortably assemble, test and package 200 smartwatches per day. So for the first few months of production, we'll be limiting production to 1,000 watches per week. We just opened a reward tier for JANUARY AGENTS. Because the chargers are in such demand, for January we are going to initially focus production on rewards with chargers. We've made 2,500 "watch with charger" rewards available. When the rewards fill up, we can add up to 1,500 more rewards for January (for a total of 4,000 watches for the month). For new backers who missed out on the $199 December "watch with charger" rewards, there are still $149 December "watch only" rewards available. Since your AGENT smartwatch will use the Qi wireless charging standard, you can charge it with any Qi-compliant charging pad. We'll have another update for you by Tuesday night (NYC time). We have been working on a stretch bonus that we're pretty excited about, an add-on to the core AGENT OS which is made possible by the additional funds pledged since Wednesday. More on that soon. We are going to continue to update you regularly, sharing cool details as we prepare the AGENT smartwatch for volume production. Thank you again for your amazing outpouring of support, - Chris Wow. In less than 10 hours, you made our dream of manufacturing the AGENT smartwatch a reality. We are so very humbled by the outpouring of support. You, our backers, are simply amazing. Thank you. Thank you so much. Now that we've met the funding goal, some backers have asked "what about stretch goals?" This creates a bit of a paradox: how do we make a no-compromise smartwatch even better? We've discussed this a lot. Compromising the delivery schedule is not an option; but with all the extra funds, we want to make AGENT even better. So we're going to keep pushing AGENT to new levels, although not in the traditional "stretch goal" way. To start: quite a few of you have asked if you could upgrade AGENT's silicon watchstrap to a leather watchstrap. Well, because we've reached $300,000 in funding, we're really excited to announce that every backer can now choose between the high-quality silicon watchstrap and a premium genuine leather watchstrap. Both are the same color and size, and both are accent-stitched. The leather straps are the same ones featured on House of Horology's $490 Bedlam watches. You don't need to pick until later, when you choose your strap color. And we won't stop there. As more of our friends join the AGENT movement, we'll continue enhancing AGENT. The best thing we can do for AGENT is enable developers to create amazing watch apps. So most of our focus will be on supporting developers with the extra funds. We'll hire technical writers to create more documentation. We'll hold hackathons in metro areas around the country where we can build apps together and test them on real pre-production hardware, in preparation for launch. We'll write more tutorials and build an app store. But we can only do it with your help. With your help, we can take AGENT from being an amazing smartwatch to being an amazing smartwatch with a rich ecosystem of apps. We can build a community of like-minded friends, doing great things together. We're also looking at other ways that we can make backer watches special, such as Kickstarter Edition engraving and thank you cards and all those things that we'd love to do. We're going to continue finding ways to make your AGENT smartwatch even more amazing. We'll be posting updates throughout the campaign, showing you what we're working on and celebrating as additional funding enables us to push AGENT to the next level, together. Thank you all so much for your support. We are going to spend the next six months getting AGENT ready for production, and we are so excited to see it on your wrists. - Chris