Pledged 1395 usd - not received a thing! Two AL also not supported with ADII, only GoPro 5 supported.... Why we should buy Airdog II? advertised features of Airdog are not implemented and this features also not available on ADII?!?!? not easy to trust them anymore... at the moment the only positive would be the faster or automatic sensor caibration and better GPS sensor. for me it is like : old wine in new bottles Resurrection "WE’RE BACK ON KICKSTARTER WHERE IT ALL BEGAN." Just waiting for them to announce their official closing of the company. Airdog Forum is dead!!! When are you coming out with kitesurfing and ski mode??? It seems that I have been waiting for a decade to have a usable drone Hi all. After my last message airdog proceeded my refund within week. Is the airdog forum dead? There haven't been any posts for 3 weeks Mikhail, right after you posted your last message Airdog replied saying that all of the remaining units were packed and waiting for people to give their addresses. I would assume that is still the case. Did you email <email> after that? Hi all. I asked for refund 2 month ago and still have not received it and dont have clear status about my refund. If someone also have not received airdog or refund and want to get lawyer please email me <email>﻿ we could cooperate. John, I don't know if they are monitoring this site anymore. I would recommend you email <email>, or at least post on the forum at airdog.com I still have not gotten mine and no ship confirmation... tried asking through the airdog site and it won't let me send a message... what is the deal? I got mine flying today! I requested a refund and they denied that request. It's been over 2 1/2 yrs. they now have indicated that the second leash capability will not happen. May need to find a lawyer. i just received mail in today. Can't wait to test it out. Wow, glad I got my refund last year. Amazing this company is still trying to deliver? If you didn't get a response by email I would suggest posting on their forum. There is someone who checks that often. I don't think they monitor these comments much anymore (surprisingly) and they don't participate in the Facebook group much anymore sadly. Eric, if you didn't get a satisfactory answer from them in email, you won't get one here. Chris M, I have How do we get a refund? Eric W have you contacted airdog? being one of the early backers, based on their shipping schedule, i should have received my two airdogs back in September . unfortunately, three months out, i've still yet to receive them. anyone know what's going on? Have you guys stoped the development? There havenˋt been any updates for promised fonctions and new sports for such a long time... Even though I've already got my (beta) Airdog I'm saddened by the way the remaining Kickstarter backers are being kept in the dark. Even if you guys are doing great and sticking to the published shipping schedule at least an update to say that things are going good would be considerate. Merry Christmas 2017. Well I just sent off another email to AirDog. Paid $2000 in June of 2014 to support the vision and get 2 drones. Still waiting for the drones, but could buy one now on amazon for $1500. There is something wrong with not supporting your backers, and then not providing any communication path or plan for making good on the money that you collected from those that helped you get your business started. I latterly flipped a coin. Airdog vs. Hexo+ Backed Airdog for a buck. I have my Hexo+ DHL says my replacement props will arrive on Monday. Backers of either of these need to think about why they backed? DJI and others have much more advanced products. When backing a KS project you are backing an idea. Sorry that the Airdog folks have not shipped everything yet. Hexo+ backers have similar issues with parts and batteries. My drone has been sidelined waiting on parts for months. KS is not pre-order/order it is backing a dream. sometimes those dreams take longer than anyone expected to happen. Making stuff is hard. even more so for a startup. this looks like an airdog less the amazing colors. <url>||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| I want a refund I m done waiting So I guess I'm not the only one. I got all excited when UPS said I was getting a shipment. Only to find it was my extra props and batteries. Schedule says my dog should ship at the end of the month Hi I got the extra batteries and props I ordered but where is my drone????? Any updates on this? It has been one month since the last update. Is there any possibility of getting another update? Are things on track? Did the first 742 dogs finally get shipped? Did the schedule slip some more? Is there anyone still left in the office? This is also a part of the reason why I've canceled my order and now I wait for the refund. Second reason was the delay, after last schedule I would receive my airdog in feb next year, but from the experience of the last 2 years, everybody knows that there is also more delay possible. So I've ordered Airdog from Amazon Italy, received within 2 days (from IT to Germany). So the price was for me only 100US$ more than the kickstarter package (this was caused by the changing Exchange course: about 1,35€ in 2014, now about 1,11€) BUT I've got it 6 months before the last scheduled delivery date. @Max, you pledged to Airdog's US entity (in USD). This was all discussed months (years?) ago. Yesterday I received an email about me having to pay VAT (€225,07) because I live in Europe (NL). But Airdog is located in Latvia which is Europe as well. In the "bill" they only say Latvia and NOT the US so why would I pay so much VAT when I also pledged €50 extra to ship to the Netherlands? And that after 2,5 years... This is ridiculous. I am so close to receiving an Airdog, but I am not paying another €255. What should I do? Did you European guys also paid so much VAT? <url>"1357 backers pledged $1,368,177 to help bring this project to life.", however if you sum up the backers for each of the available pledge options, the total amounts to 1221 backers. There are three different numbers: 1221, 1357, 1458. Please explain very clearly, which number is real and why are there differences? How many airdog units do you have to ship to kickstarter backers? How many have you shipped already by today? Secondly, if we take the total number from the sum of the pledges - 1221 backers in total. 299 of those backers weren't even entitled to receiving an Airdog. Of 922 remaining backers 220 are waiting to receive 2 airdogs, so in total you are supposed to ship 1142 Airdogs to 922 backers. As you have mentioned earlier you have shipped 68% of the KS units by 7th July, which translates to 777 Airdogs. Which means you had 365 Airdogs left to ship. Between 7th of July, 2016 and 26th of February, 2017 (last date of your latest shipping schedule) there are 229 days. It means that you are capable of producing and shipping 365/229=1.59 Airdogs a day!!! What the hell? You could produce more with a simple 3d printer and ship more if you were to deliver every single one of them personally. Thirdly, even if I take your number of backers and adjust all the numbers accordingly, you would be producing and shipping no more that 1.9 Airdogs per day. So. Get your sh** together, provide clear answers and numbers and respect the backers that pledged over $1.3M to you. P.S. You may be receiving retail orders for now, however out of 11 reviews on Amazon, you already have 4 reviews that are 1 star, also most of the positive reviews are not verified, which surely suggests that they're fake. Trust me, if I have to, I will make sure that there are negative reviews coming in on Amazon every day until nobody buys Airdogs on retail so that you can fulfill your BACKER ORDERS!!! I'm sure other disappointed backers will join me. Jared, they explained that a few updates ago. They had signed contracts with Amazon which they pushed back as far as they could but eventually they had to start fulfilling them or else lose all of their distribution channels which would have spelled doom for the company. It really sucks but it's the reality of business. I fully support them on that decision as I don't want the company to fail, I just question their actions since then that they just seem to be drawing out the delivery schedule instead of putting plans in place to clear the backlog of orders faster (putting additional production lines in place). Does anyone know why airdog is delivering to amazon customers before kickstarter backers? Do not buy a airdog. I bought two more then two years ago. They dont respect the bakers that support then .. Any customer can buy an Airdog right now @ amazon but bakers are still waiting... The only thing that they offer is a refund. its s ridiculous... I live outside US. In my if country this delay have happened the Airdog would have to pay a lot of money for its customers due to customers law protections.. Im really having some talk with some lawyers in US to check what can be made. With respect of course..... And with the same consideration you have shown me naturally... Refund please... Now.... Thank you. ENOUGH!.... I was told June... I was July.... I was Told August. I have waited almost a year after the promised delivery! I DEMAND A FULL AND COMPLETE REFUND NOW! Wow, it's a great joy to see my "Airdog" flying around... Oh, now, it was only a dream and my "Airdog" is still somewhere else but not at my home :) Based on your communication the expected delivery period was week 31 - 32 for the backers 1111 - 1300. Probably it would make sense to update your delivery time schedule... Quite frankly this sucks. I can buy an airdog from amazon, yet I'm still waiting to here anything about my shipment. What's the point of being and early backer when you don't get the product before the general public. its past week 34 and still no airdog or any shipping information when can I expect an update? Are there any updates on the shipping is the remaining batches? When to send my air-dog ?????? Hello, I'm backer number 480. I m still waiting for my reward? Sha To let you guys know, Airrdog have not been replying on here for a while now, they have there own support forum, and also support email. For those that have got theirs or want to chat with others, or those who want to see what users are doing, there is an owners group on Facebook. Hi, I'm backer #119 still no sign of my Airdog? Any help would be appreciated. Many thanks. Hello, I'm backer number 480. I m still waiting for my reward? Sha Just want to know when can I get my airdog? #632, according to your update, that will be week 25-26.... Good News! I'm backer #166 and I'm also the final backer for the Early Bird Special. It looks like my Airdog will be at my door step today!!!! Has anyone of the german backers received their Airdog ? If yes, How much was the import tax or was it only 19% Eust? Marshall Walker several people on the FB Airdog Owners group have got the "consumer version" (I assume you mean anything other than the beta?) and have posted videos. Can anyone confirm they have even flown a consumer version?? I'm backer 245 and I have nothing and I've done all address updates I've been given. How can they be at 80%. Very confused by these shipping claims Has any one of the backers even flown air dog? It would be so nice to have some idea of shipping terms... do you have to sign for it? If mid 100s still don't have it, how can they be 80% done? I'm 10048. Soo ..... I'm backer #166.... and I have yet to hear anything.. But, I'm glad backer #248 got his.... ?????? Hello, I am a backer number 480 in the USA, when can I expect my reward? Sha Backer #248 - got mine last week. Hoping to try it out this week! Does anyone know when they will send the extra batteries and props? Just can't believe that they are quoting me Sept delivery as a backer but they are selling on Amazon. Have asked for a refund and will never back another Kickstarter product again. For those of you that support this I can only say good luck. @Kevin, Did you get your production version of AirDog? or not yet? From comment of latest update, someone pre-order got AirDog already even KS EARLY BIRD backer not got yet. What is happen on Helico?? @gonesailing no I'm not paid by them, I'm a realist that would like Airdog to still be around in a year or two...! @victor wow that is awesome, have you ordered yours yet? I mean the video, looks so realistic in how it flies, that is gonna be an awesome drone you should get in quick... Victor, cool drone, but of course it isn't even close to being identical to the Airdog. In English <url>�) Helico, Where is my shipment notification? Week 24 is almost over and you have again failed to deliver. (Oh, but I see that you have delivered to Amazon�) Just to clarify what the situation is, as you are ALL wasting your time posting here, it will not be answered...!!! They had no choice but to start supplying distributors, they had contracts that they would of lost, so they came up with a compromise, 40% only goes to distributors and the rest to KS backers... Once KS is fulfilled then the same percentage will be on preorders...!!! For this that are considering buying on Amazon then returning for a refund, you are hurting everyone, when returned they are no good to amazon, they have to be returned to Airdog, as they will have a registered user attached...!!! I really hope there is an exclusion for returns on these... Using it in this manner is low...!!! We have all waited, i am still waiting for my retail units... BOTH OF THEM...!!! Yes i had a beta, but that has to go back to be replaced... Victor, why don't you go jump of a bridge, you are a piece of shit stirring trouble maker...! What do you actually know apart from being bitter...??? Yes you got your refund, and as such you no longer have the right to post in here you are not a backer...! As for parts, they are ALL available... Shows what little you know...! Go check out there store on the Airdog website then come back and apologise for the misinformation...!!! But you won't...! This is why you are not to be trusted...!!! No comment or answer from helico? I'm very disappointed for the kind of communication. Normally I expect as a backer to get the item before it is available on normal stores, I think this should be the advantage of beeing a backer for supporting a kickstarter company. Well, since you guys haven't offered up any kind of compensation (Like a free battery) and now I can order Airdog on Amazon and have it delivered tomorrow, I think I'll go ahead and order one on Amazon and then return it once you guys finally ship mine...If others are tired of waiting, this is a way to get your Airdog right away. <url>#92 Not a few Airdogs have been sold and selling at eBay. As one of backer, feel something strange. <url>#92 Just to let people know, as they aren't being truthful. I messaged them directly and they said they are 10-15weeks from accutally being delivered. 8-10 being optimistic. Just others would want to know as they are shit with communication. No update in a month................? When to send my air-dog ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????? @Sean I was in batch one also waited for ever. Just hold out a bit longer these guys have every intention of fulfilling your order. Its not a scam just a well made product with a few production bumps. It's well worth the wait believe me. Can Kickstarter refund the money if a project is unable to fulfill? No, Kickstarter doesn't issue refunds. Transactions are between backers and creators directly. Creators receive all funds (less fees) soon after their campaign ends. Sorry to ask, I am sure it has already been said but what is the best way to ask for a refund on kickstarter? Should I do via kickstarter or contact airdog via their website? BTW Airdog guys, why is Victor even still allowed to post here? I got a refund for another Kickstarter I backed and they removed me from the backer's list so I don't see backer updates and can't post in the comments. So it must be possible. There you go Victor...finally bringing something up that's even in the same ballpark as Airdog. But something tells me (as there isn't enough information there to know for sure - not even a manual we can read) that it's only follow mode is following from behind (in addition to the circle/hover that are mentioned in the video). I also doubt that the wrist controller (or the additional tracker you have to wear) are waterproof. Also no mention of top speed anywhere. And I HIGHLY doubt that it follows along with altitude changes. But you go ahead and buy it Victor, and please post back here with your full review. <url>#92: we are in the 3rd week of April, are you shipping the dog with GoPro 3 gps mod??? It looks like is going to take 3 days from wherever aramex is to USA California, the company delivering my package in USA is DHL, aramex doesn't give you much information, it only shows the it was in their facility since April first, I also track the package in DHL website and I didn't get that much information either, it only says that I'm getting my package at the end of the day on the 14 of this month @jose just curious are you in the USA? How long did it take from "departed operations facility" to when you received an update with more specific delivery times? I just got an email from aramex, I'm getting my AIRDOG on Thursday 14 :) from Bach #1 :) @Joseph: in the same boat here. Batch #1, got my tracking number. I rang the shipping company Aramex and enquired myself, as their number is listed, when you track your parcel. Aramex are the most useless bunch, I've come across in a long time: don't present themselves, when they pick up, very short on words and won't give any time frame, even though they've been sitting on the drones since April 1st and no tracking update since the record was created. While Helico have done a good job at keeping us updated and fairly decent with communication throughout the campaign, their shipping partner is an absolute let down. Hey guys, while updates are still coming through from KickStarter, Airdog are not active in there replies here... You could email, use there forum through there website, message through the Airdog Facebook, and there is also the Airdog Owners Group, where the Staff are involved and active... <url>"First Batch"... emailed, no responses. Of course another delay. Does the leash use any beeping signals? Could be helpful to use these somehow to indicate modes, e.g. I need reading glasses to see a leash screen, but I prefer not to kitesurf with these, so audio programs on the leash would be really handy. It's almost Friday again and I haven't heard anything about the shipping, where is my airdog??? Yes I receive an email with another delay, as usual! They will start shipping next week �� #609 and no confirmation yet. Anyone received theirs since they started shipping from Batch 1? It's almost Friday and no shipping confirmation for batch #1 that was supposedly confirmed. Had it really been shipped? Backer 988, crying... hoping is coming sometimes soon... Hopefully not another year! Shipping is basically delayed until 3rd week of April, so you will still be waiting for another month, at least. #897 still waiting #1023 and still waiting @kirpa think email is the only way they confirmed. I've received a few since the initial confirmation do I'm sure if you were in batch #1 you would have been contacted by now. Sorry.. I totally feel your disappointment! @Anthony, just rechecked and went through my spam/junk as well. No such mail relating to Batches. Is there any other way to check? A list / link / something...?? @kirpa You would have gotten an email from them a week and a half ago. Sorry if I missed it but is there any way to check if we're in Batch #1 or #2? How do we know...? #92 still waiting & frustrated! #92 still waiting & frustrated! #92 still waiting & frustrated! It's wed and no airdog ship yet!!! Well guess I won't have them for IBX2016. They claim they will be shipped to the supplier on wed. Why it took 10 days is beyond me It was supposed to be last week! Anyone heard anything about batch1 shipping dates? After patiently waiting for almost two years I have asked to change my buy. I had originally bought the 2 pack and now only need one. Crazy that my needs would change in the year and a half since I backed this... I am currently being refused a refund and have had pretty awful customer service. I am very disappointed in this situation When anything ships, will there be automatic e-mail notification with tracking number? How do we know what batch we are in? This would be helpful info. Thanks This is how good the P4 is Victor...! Useless... <url>"to THEM" very well. The rest of the backers do seem ignored - we feel like the ignored middle child. No offence, it DOES seem like they're doing an excellent job on the product so far, and way better communication than *cough* Hexo+, but its still highly botched PR and communications to the backers (minus the beta testers obviously). We don't want you to reveal your secrets, but do tell us something about whats happening...it shouldn't be that hard! #1,278 and still waiting . . . . @Theo, KS is as Duncan has said, notoriously bad, there are companies out there that do not communicate at all, then outside of KS, they can be even worse, Lily is a case in point, they don't post anything. We are getting updates every week most of the time, and fortnightly at worst right now... Yes the delays suck, but they are being upfront about things, and are at least telling you what is going on rather than leaving you in the dark... That, personally shows the integrity of a company... Good or Bad news, they are relaying it to the people that are making this possible. US...! @kevin they may not be silent towards Beta testers but you would expect them to be in regular communication with them as they need there vital feedback. But most of the Airdog backers are not beta testers and the communication to the majority of us although has improved slightly over the last 6 months is still in retrospect fairly poor. Especially amoungst these constant delays. I'm used to these type of 'still waiting...' messages on campaigns that aren't communicating, but for airdog just read the last update if you want to know why you're waiting... #92 and still waiting..... #310 still waiting @Kirpa they are definitely not silent, they communicate with the beta testers daily, there is on fact a beta group for the people testing, and this is used for us all to communicate, this is a very "open strategy" as what one posts we all see, we also see replies, so if we run into issues they are known by us all very quickly... It has, in my opinion speeded up many aspects of moving forward for them, and has certainly helped with their attitude towards communication which has been really god for the last 6 months or so, even if it does appear that it is more often than not bad news... I for one, can only say, i am happy with how they currently deal with most aspects of what they do. There is always room for improvement, and I'm sure they already know what areas they are... I think you will all be happy once you start flying, although experience from the other side, shows things can go downhill very quickly.... I have faith this won't happen... @Chris - yeah, those vids - its looking to be a very solid build so far, and looks like theres a lot of work going on in parallel to work the kinks out. Another "hexocopter" project here seems to have gone in complete radio silence and thats really making me edgy about everything else as well. @Airdog, please never go silent on us - you guys can (and are) making it big! What would an article suggesting that GoPro should buy Airdog have to do with the current situation with the batteries? And how would such an acquisition screw you over if it did happen? Is there an other reason for the battery debacle??? Hopefully, I won't get screwed <url>#426 I wait my 2 airdog so long time ,could you tell me when I can get it ? Holy Crap...both the vimeo and the youtube links are terrifying and scary...scary because we put good money assuming to get a good quality product out of it. I really hope those 2 get their money back or a free replacement soon - at this rate, AirDogs gonna flop real hard in the market and be flooded with negative feedback on most e-commerce sites. I have my fingers crossed and hope that they resolve all these issues asap. Along with the additional battery issue I'm very very confused on how to feel about the delay. Is it good that they're spending time fixing these and more (other) issues? Or are they going to run away from their responsibility? Or are they just biding time because they didnt have all the units ready to go yet...? Questions questions and more questions.... @Helico - this isn't meant to be negative, but I hope you do appreciate its a major concern for all backers, and I honestly hope that you pull through and deliver on all your promises with great quality and solid service so that our feedback can push your sales post kickstarter fulfilment as well. It is interesting to see how Airdog time and time again create interesting excuses. Anyone can predict what other interesting stories they come up with? I'm backer #623, waiting ... @Helico please, ship my Airdog with battery ver 1. I take full responsibility and always anyway charge in a safe lipo guard bag just in case. I do not want anymore delay and I take care my own safety thanks. and probably the second bach didn't make, i will never going to support any Kickstarter project ever again to me this are just lies, helico new the this was going to hapen, they statement! the they been working on this problem for few months now, this is unacceptable Kevin Fung email <email> Hello Airdog. Could you please provide details on how to get a refund again. I'm struggling to find any insight on how to accomplish that. Thanks "Those who have AirDog: We advise you to not charge the current batteries." Scary statement in the last update. Sad to read after all the promises over the past 1,5 years and continuous delays that it's still not ready. I can now say that I regret investing in the Airdog. Your latest post about batteries and the time delay for posting is ridiculous. I understand the safety implications however, it's one battery mishap. The Airdog is not going to be perfect but your constant delays are becoming insulting to all of us who have waited so patiently for the expected date. I do not think you understand how frustrated I'm sure a lot of us are becoming with this dragged out process. It seems you guys are more interested in bragging about your fun adventures and filming session then realizing how annoying this is for the customers. I am not trying to be rude but I do think you need to hear this. If possible I would rather take the extremely small risk with the current batteries and have my Airdog before the end of March/May then wait. Hi @Creator, Can I kindly ask you to process my refund request ? I sent an email to <email> requesting this. Thank you, i m backer 419 Anthony, the vimeo one you linked is the palo verde tree I mentioned. If there are only a couple of issues I'm not sure that qualifies as "quite a few" I expect we will see more as more people get them. I understand that the Beta testers have been running into some issues, and Helico has been working on them. It is one reason why things have been delayed somewhat. But comparing the majority of the videos I've seen to the majority of videos the competition has put out, the airdog seems to be doing a better job more often. One of the biggest issues the competition seems to have is GPS and phone connection, neither of which the Airdog should have. @Chris I did see another video on YouTube yesterday that isn't there now. The user gave a detailed description of it flying loosing control and flying into the woods, hitting a tree. You probably saw this one already <url>"courier" (DHL, UPS, TNT) and at that point you should get a tracker number. Like I said, it might help if Helico chimes in here, but if my math is right that means tracker numbers to the first 100 units should go out this week. @Chris: I have checked three times my address and phone (even emailed them for updating the country has I do not live in Afghanistan!) So it looks like they are not shipping by Backers order number. Anyone else with a low number? GoneSailing have you confirmed your address and phone number on airdog's website? I'm #515 and waiting on two. Hope to hear some updates this upcoming week? Some of us should get shipping notifications right?! I am #1.417 .... interesting... because there are only 1357 on the website I am #92, No email & No dog!!! I'm # 373, and week ago I was 357, I don't know how this happen There are about 100 beta testers. Many of them have posted on the fb owners group. About another 100 have shipped, but i expect people haven't received them yet. Probably in the next week or two. Does anyone got there airdog yet, beside the 2 beta testers??? Still have not gotten update for my shipping either, and for mine I need 6 units Gary Fan what is your backer #? The most recent update indicates the they have just barely started shipping to backers. Previous update indicates they hope to ship to all backers, in backer order, by end of Feb. Of course that assumes they have your updated shipping info, including phone number Hi I have no updates on my airdog shipping status? Could you advise? With shipping ramping up, and deliveries happening... I would ask, that people familiarise themselves with local drone laws... This will be for your own good. Also, their is an owners group on Facebook, where you can get some information and help from others. Simple stuff that beta testers have already dealt with, can easily be explained. And if you can't be helped, then Airdog will be able to... Support is already there for you all. So feel free to come over and join the conversation. <url># As far as News I suspect we will get an update after CES is over this week. is Scheduled As Planned? any good news? does any body got their Airdog yet? how can i know what # backer I'm?, is there going to be any other delay? Mery Christmas and Happy New Year.Best wishes for you (Air-dog team).Hope you all the best of luck in your life and business in the coming year.Thank you so much for everything. Dear team. i have sent you a request for a refund. Please be advised. Good day. Jose it is highly unlikely. In the latest update they claim they will begin shipping again Dec 14th, to beta testers first. I don't know how many Airdogs they will start shipping with, but I wouldn't expect an Airdog until next year. @helico, do you think the im going to get my airdog before christmas??? Bad Guy: I received my Hexo+ today with the GoPro 4 Black and 3d gimbal. Battery charged, need to get the SD card for the GoPro. Will be filming tomorrow. Hi Dear , I just wanna know when I can get my airdog ? Thanks When can I expect to get an AIrDog in my hands? (in Australia) Thanks Kevin. So is Lidar working now for ground collision detection? Just curious- I got it finally operational in my DiY Arducopter drone and it works perfectly fine to follow the terrain uphill/downhill. @Stephan, no that was user error, I changed it in the app, but I didn't sync it correctly, completely my mistake, and a stupid error, but no harm done, this is why we have beta testers, so we can make the silly mistakes and educate you not too... Hehe Ahhh meant Airdog of course- the other drone couldn't do that anyway :-) Nice. Thanks for sharing. It appears that Solo is not following the terrain. Is Lidar working? Sorry last link takes to same video, but for the group use THIS link.. <url>éressant We wait very long for 2 Airdogs and more items. But all the time is something wrong. We spend near $ 3000.- and i will my money back. How i can this? <url>"Airdog is splash proof as its electronics are covered with lacquer. Airdog can handle light rain and have survived after a full submersion test also" They have never said they would land in water, they said they would survive water, but as most drones sink this would be a problem, so they said they would develop a floatation device... To be fair, this is what they proposed, i don't use on water, so it is not something that ever really interested me, but i get the need for it, and if you rinse it quickly enough, then salt water should not be an issue... I mean come on, batteries in water are always going to be a problem aren't they, so anything hitting water would in trouble... The simple fact is, they are all into "water sports" (no not that kind) over at airdog, if they make a good device and it is reliable, then the only real issue is recovery in the most extreme circumstances, and i would rather have it back with the camera than have it sink to the ocean floor...! I don't get it, airdog was supposed to be somewhat water resistant and capable to land on water and now this: *AirDog will most likely not survive a salt water emergency landing, but the floater attachment will save your camera. In case of landing in fresh water, AirDog will sustain damage... This is total BS, I bought the airdog because it could land on water @Sebastian Airdog are confirming details before shipping, but if you keep an eye on the updates for the next month or so, shipping will be approaching soon and a simple email when they start shipping will see you sorted with address change I'm sure. Hey guys I love and work on yachts I have had to change my shipping address to many times to count please can you inform me of a date so I can give a date as I have had to change from the Caribbean to Monaco to the states then itsky then back to the states and I really don't want my airdog (when it one day - hopefully in the next two years) starts actual shipping to arrive at the correct address and is there a confirmation of a carry case? Victor, you are completely pathetic. An sad little parasite still trying to infect this campaign long after abandoning it. Your piss-poor intentions, negative promotion and provocation are sad at best. You have officially reached the status of internet person I have the least respect for. Literally no one wants you here...LEAVE Oh and victor, i DO know DJI well enough, they have never hit a release, always have issues on launch, and also have problems fulfilling orders when they do eventually release, so do prey tell, seeing as they have just released a NEW product being the P3 range, why would they do that if this was a viable realistic product when they could just release the X...??? Oh yeah, thats right, IT IS NOT REAL ;) @Victor, are you crazy, Phantom X is a concept. You are off your rocker if you think that will be anywhere near release... Maybe in 3 or 4 years... You seem to believe every little rumour that your twisted mind reads... Duncan, I guess you don't know DJI well enough :) Oh Victor... Hopelessly clueless as usual. Did you miss the part of the video where it said that it was just concepts and ideas, not an actual product? Let's hope delay will not be after the launch of DJI phantom X <url>#20 from exactly one year ago when we were informed that the original November shipment wasn't going to happen. Ground collision detection was the problem then. Speaking about that, what is the status of Lidar? Would be great if you could share a video showing ground collision detection in action. Anybody around? Comments stopped after the last bombshell of a update. @helico have you got approve by the FCC, have you star shipping to the USA, is there going to be any other delay? @GoneSailing, it is in development as we speak. They are hoping to have it finalised soon but it won't be for taking off landing, it will be a safety device "just in case". @Helico: is there a floater option? I remember it was proposed as an option at the beginning quel type de porte helice repliable et taille de pale conseillez-vous ? <url>éduction est prévue pour l'airdog aussi ? bonjour, comment faire une commande a un prix avantageux en tant que backer ? (spécial price for us) cordialement oh, it seems new website is launched :-) only airleash is not listed yet Congratulations AirDog! :-) Now we wait for the Alaskan Malamute version, able to pull a wakeboard! :-) Guys! Congratulations for the last update :) Better late than never -) Hi airdog, I am concern about having a case for it. Any solution before you come out with yours? Because it's hard for me to trust your deadlines. I need alternatives to protect it. Since there already is a foam, maybe there can be a case for it Amen to every word you wrote, Chris! Many of us have been trying for the past year to make Helico understand that they need to communicate with long-suffering backers *regularly and honestly*, whether the news is good or bad. They don't seem to get it; they still seem to be in press-release (or maybe "impress the venture capitalists and bring in more backing") mode. It's very frustrating. any news? ..if you have some minutes left in between :-) @Chris 100% ack This is very frustrating. Helico can’t seem to meet any of its self imposed deadlines. Almost every time Helico announced an upcoming update, the time for the update came and went. Some times several weeks would pass. I understand that Helico is busy trying to finalize and ship the airdogs. But updates are free and can be fairly quick. They don’t always need to be a super slick edited update. Updates don’t always have to be about successes. When you make an announcement that you will make an update by a certain date, then make an update by that date. Even if it doesn’t say what you had hoped it would. Keeping your backers informed is important. It allows us to feel more involved, and kept up to date, even if the news is bad. Silence looks more like you are hiding something. Helico’s communication isn’t totally lacking, but it is very disjoint, with answers in the comments, on Facebook, posts to Twitter and Instagram, and airdog.com. It would be nice to see some of these answers wrapped up in an official update. Not only on the kickstarter page, but on Airdog.com’s own news & progress section (the last update here was over 3 months ago!) In the three weeks since the last update a lot of questions have gone unanswered, and deadlines passed. How is the FCC approval going, how is the new website (due mid Sep) going, have any drones actually been shipped? Other questions have long been unanswered; how is the app going, how is the no fly zone going? And I’m sure there are a lot of other questions backers and preorders have. It would just be nice to get more timely updates. Even if they are short, or even if they are bad news. Or even some good news, like local recognition of Helico, as was posted to facebook. It sounds like the new website is being delayed. That is obvious because we don’t see it, but it would be nice to have an official comment “Having some trouble with the new website…” instead of just silence. Competition is going to be fierce in this market. I am hoping that the airdog, with its leash will be a frontrunner. But how a company treats its customers will set it apart more. Spending just a few minutes a week to do a small update will go a long way to improving the goodwill of the community. Monday of what year? Has anyone receive their AirDog yet? @Creator I know you guys are very busy being so close to the end but it would be great to have a quick update on any new information regarding certifications and when the newly anticipated shipping date might be. Keep up the good work! Looks to be the same size as a brief case, albeit a tad thicker I think. I hope they include a pair of handcuffs so I can cuff the case to my wrist when I walk around with it. What is the size of the case, and what is the case in update #24? Also, have you considered selling an AirDog hard case? Any word back on certification from FCC(US) or IC(Canada)? @Michael, everyone received this on KS, the shipping confirmation is to ensure no errors in where they ship, as i currently understand things, they will go out to the Beta Testers 1st, then in order backers. They are using a shipping agent to ensure nothing goes wrong so it is a matter of time. But only a few days for some but longer for others... Just a little more patience and we will all have them... Just received address confirmation email for shipping, the second time in the past few weeks. Is it possible their actually ready to ship? When can I select additional batteries, props, etc.? Victor, you obviously don't understand why we're all still here. You're not swaying anyone at this point. I won't go into any more detail since it's clear you won't understand. I'm confused victor, what has this got to do with Airdog? They are completely different drones. And you backed out and got your refund. I wonder if what you are doing now is morally right and if you caused any loss to Airdog by your comments if you could be held financially liable. No one wants to here from you, no one really cares what your opinion is. And you are no longer a "customer" so you should refrain from posting on here...!!! Personally i thought and hoped we had seen the last of your negativity. I have flown the Airdog, and the Solo. Chalk and Cheese mate, Solo can't do follow without a big controller, it can't do height, it can't do many things that Airdog can do... Your comments have nothing to do with the availability of any other drone and there features You are now just trolling for the same of making yourself look like you made the right decision. @Victor ...Why are you still here? You're act is getting thin and desperate. I wonder if it is a coincident that DJI has launch follow me features just at the launch of Airdog. It even does all the feature found on Solo. Still trying to visualize where and how Airdog is going to position itself. With propellers that cannot fold makes Airdog foot print not much smaller then phantom 3. Well you guys can say that I have gotten my refund and please get lots and etc..... But I think what I have mentioned 1 year ago is all coming through. Airdog is going to face tough competitions, and with not enough niche technology, it cannot last long. How is service and support going to sustain? Are the people who have bought the Airdog going to get spares? According to the last update us backers should get their Airdog in Oct with everyone else getting theirs in Nov (or possibly Dec) assuming FCC regulations go through. Shipping will actually begin sometime after the 14th. With the website going up sometime in the next couple of weeks, where we can order more batteries and leashes. so if I'm a us backer I'm going to receive my airdog in september, or maybe some day??? We should all be happy! The product is DONE and about to SHIP! The days of wondering if this product would ever be delivered are far behind (at least in my mind). Squabbling about who gets theirs first just seems petty and selfish considering what we've all been through, but I suppose it's what we've all been through that's made emotions so raw. Agris I look forward to the promised full refund; you have all the required information now. Janis and I did have a constructive conversation. Bottom line is you can't relegate a group of customers to secondary status and expect to keep them. All the best for the future. I do share Maurice's concern about the gathering of additional accessory requirements. If you're going to start shipping mid Sept (to US) then gathering that information in mid Sept is way too late. Some people might take a while to decide or miss the email (as many seem to do) and will miss the opportinity. Or by starting to ship mid Sept do you mean that bulk shipments of Airdogs, batteries, airleashes, and some spare parts will be shipped to a warehouse in the US and distributed from there? In which case that gives a little more time (a week or two?) to get final orders together. Let me know if I'm making sense... @ Edwin, if the answer you get is not what you want to hear, are you going to follow through with your legal threat and put all backers at risk or simply take a refund...? You don't seem to understand that there is a threat to everyone by your actions. I thought they already answered that all kick-starters would be shipped before any consideration of funding was taking place. And they clearly stated there shipping policy that if the FCC failed they would ship EU 1st... We are all in the same boat. Yet 99% of people seem to be happy with there decision... There logic has also been explained by other backers. Not just in a new company not having the experience but the reasoning as well. I have nothing to apologise for. It is not my company and as already stated, i have no affiliation. Just a desire for it be actually be shipped in the best way possible without failing like others do on kickstarter at this stage...! Maurice, the question about batteries was asked and answered in the Update #31 thread. In the update itself they said they hope to have their new website online by mid Sep. I asked about ordering, and they said even if the website wasn't up, we will get a chance. But we should give them a chance to get the website up first. Its now official...!!! Yes i know this is not birddog... but... <url>"there is something not quite right here" and this point has been reached. I have been biding my time and waiting and hoping. Now I am concerned and that is why I am reacting. Kevin I think it is probably time to give this a rest. You are not airdog. They need to answer questions, not you. While you continue to be an apologist for this company they can sit back and say nothing. I am sure you are a very nice person but please let them answer for themselves. @Edwin, i am not trying to get into an argument about it. You will do what you need to do for yourself. If you want to continue a conversation then feel free to email me or message me on Facebook etc. I see it how i see it, you see it how you see it...! There is a difference. I hope they process your refund if you did apply and then you can move on with your life and forget about your experience... Who has suffered any damage...? No one is further than birddog in terms of what they do. Phantom 3 is different product altogether, Lily won't be here for months and months, and as already stated by birddog themselves they have promised that ALL kickstarter rewards will be processed and shipped before any preorders. Cash question? I know nothing of there finances. I don;t work for the company, but i understood from what they said they would be looking at a funding round AFTER they shipped all kickastarters, what that means i don't know, but it doesn't affect me, and could be for many different reasons, such as relocation of staff and company, marketing, expansion, we don't know and won't ever be privy to that information, but it is not always a bad thing...! The first statement concerning shipping order was 29th August... Prior to that the implication was backer equality. You clearly don't understand how legal processes work. If I (or a class of consumer) suffer damage we have a legal right of recourse. All of the other drones I mentioned are at the same stage or further forward than Airdog. I note that as official unofficial spokesperson you cleverly dodged the cash question! @Edwin There was never any promise of priority backing as there has been in other kick-starters, there was never any implication of the higher the funding the quicker or earlier in the queue you got it either and you contradict yourself when you say that, if by being one of the bigger funders i would get priority then i funded well and i should have mine 1st. And there has been no statements ever on anything regarding delivery other than they would ship US 1st and if they didn't receive the FCC certification then it would be EU (probably) 1st. As for bullying, i am only expressing an opinion, with a view to educating people to the fact that they have no purchased anything...! And while the only person talking about court action is you, that does endanger the process. I would love to see what court decisions have determined they can control a company to the level you are talking about. I do keep up with the issues with all crowdfunding, and yes people can be liable and such this particular backing has not failed, and they have not failed to deliver. They are delivering just not how you see as fair. As far as other drones are concerned, yeh right, they are all in the market place already aren't they. And all work flawlessly as well And you can have them all delivered tomorrow. As someone else posted, the company is registered in Palo Alto, the EU simply doesn't have the control you think they do. They are (i believe) still sold from the same company in Palo Alto. In terms of what is available in terms of information regarding backer location etc, we are not privy to that, so we just don't know. However that can be easily solved in terms of if you want to know then put your location into this map and the more that do it, the more you see... <url>#31. If that didn't answer your question, perhaps you should rephrase it. Edwin They received several million dollars in investments, which better be enough to ship to all their preorders and kickstarters. But it probably doesn't leave a huge runway at the other end. Coupled with the fact that they have already had a huge preorder, they might now get a spike out of shipping airdog. It sounds like they want to get another round of funding, to give them a longer runway. Fundraising can take some time, but it sounds like they will target US. The sooner they ship the airdogs to US, the more fuel they'll have when they go shopping for money. @Edwin, that's not at all how I read Agris' comment. I'm sure that they want to continue to grow their business, and that requires funds. They would like to get the US user base in place to start to generate excitement in North America so that they can begin to pursue other investments, nothing to do with the continued manufacturing of the Kickstarter and pre-order batches. It's a sound business decision and we all need this business to succeed! If that scares you away so be it, it just means that someone else gets theirs that much sooner. Personally I think it makes no sense to have waited this long and back out over another small delay. And when I say small delay I mean that you must have known that 'start to ship Aug 31' meant that it would take a while to build and ship that many units. As they've said, someone had to be first and batch shipments make the most sense. For other backers saying Early Birds kickstarter orders should be shipped first (myself being one of them), that just means an early bird price, there is no obligation to ship those orders first unless stated in the description (sometimes campaigns charge a premium for this, not a deeper discount). In a previous comment I asked for a 100 percent guarantee from this company that they would ship the units to all of their Kickstarter backers first. I am still waiting for a conformation of this. I will also ask this question every day until I get a response and so should every non USA backer. @ everyone complaining about shipping. Doing batch shipments to countries makes complete sense from a logistics standpoint. Shipping in this way is actually faster because it is easier to coordinate. @ Clarin if getting a fancy drone a month after it is released to the world makes you feel like a second class citizen you need a reality check and to lose the sense of entitlement. You sound like a stuck up princess. Agris Kipurs Let me make sure I understand you correctly. You are going to have to do another round of fundraising before you can ship to the EU!? So you have taken our money and spent it on satisfying your customers in your PRIMARY MARKET... The USA. Well I think you will find you might fall foul of the European regulators on this matter. I have requested a full refund via email I suggest other second class Europeans do the same. @ Maurice. I am not working for the Helico what so ever. I am just one of backers as we all are. Also I am from EU and will not be receiving my airdog earlier than others non US backers. But I remain on a positive note knowing that I will be receiving a great product and can't wait to launch in the air and follow me in the alps. After waiting for so long few months means nothing. Yes I did miss my previous skiing season, but there more to come. @Helico. Thanks for the great job you've done so far and hope delivery of units will not encounter any other problems and will go ahead smoothly. I am proud to be backers and can see raising eyebrows of other people seeing my AirDog following me and asking loads of questions :) @Helico: This is the open and transparent communication I EXPECT from a Kickstarter project, not after the update but in the update itself! Despite it, I do NOT agree with your shipping decision. You clearly made me feel a second class "citizen" and in my view I think this is very short sighted business strategy. I can certainly say that i have seen the amount of hours these guys are putting in, i couldn't believe it to start with. But they definitely are not slacking off and out enjoying there free time, as they simply don't have any...! They where trying to arrange more testing when i was leaving on Friday for the weekend on the Sunday, a day of rest and fun for most of them, and they already had others out testing different scenarios with different sports...! This wouldn't happen in 99% of companies for sure...!!! @Maurice, they are answering on the update thread some questions, and i have commented on there... I have asked a question that we should hopefully get a straight answer too. To Thomas and Kevin Thanks for the reply. You guys should be working for this company because their communication with their backers would be so much better. I am still not happy and I have yet to hear from them. I don't need to arrange a meeting with them I only need to hear their position I am not sitting comfortably in my house I am out surfing, kitesurfing and doing everything I can to enjoy this life. I am also not sitting on my arse and putting up with the bullshit delivered to me @Maurice, i have no affiliation, i am a backer like you, i purchased 2 through kickstarter, and will gladly tell you i funded to the tune of $2350...! I do run a Drone company in Norway though, and work with drones everyday for my work, i use for estate agents, insurance companies and surveying. And will hopefully be setting up for winter use with the Airdog. But i am as of now, the same as you, no preferential treatment, no drone given to me before you, i sit and wait in the queue the same as everyone else... And it was my initiative to ask if they minded me going to Latvia to meet them...! So i booked and paid for my flight the minute they said yes...! Just a customer...!!! And by the way, Maurice, why did not you arrange a meeting with Helico and went there yourself if you are so concerned instead of sitting comfortably in your room and complaining about anything and everything. Cheer up. Come on people. We are all in the same boat. All backed up this great product and thanks to Kevin we got more insight. It now looks like some of you accusing him in supporting Helico. In fact there more backers who support but Kevin went an extra mile to meet the creators and get more answers for us. He spent his money for the trip and his time getting there. And to be honest, the latest update has more good points than bad. My first though was "oh no, another delay.." But we are now as close as never before getting airdog in our hands. It just a matter of few more months. And thats it. It is coming. As for the point who will be getting it first and who last, unfortunately it is what it is. Early Bird backers are in different continents of the World and I believe it is difficult to please everyone equally at this stage. It is a start up company and they need to develop proper distribution. Those who are not happy may pull out and request a refund. And once company is capable to process orders immediately with prompt shipping, you may then place your orders. Personally I am sticking with them and will wait for it to arrive. It is easy to criticise someone over a little hiccups but lets look at the bright side. This is real product and is coming! Cant wait to see it in my postbox. :) Kevin please declare your affiliation with this company @Maurice, i don;t get how it is more like a scam than reality, a scam doesn't exist, they don't intend to ship, they have ne feasible product and they walk away with your money. Reality is you see a working product they make videos and they manufacture. Defending something against bullshit is not defending something. If you don't want to stay in the game then simply ask for a refund, a scam will not refund you...!!! And we know some others have asked and received. I personally have backed others that clearly are scams..! Take the CABIN as an example, a great idea for magnetic charging and cases etc, launched the same time here on kickstarter. And guess what, here we are same time frame, at least 2 other companies have already launched the "same" idea they had after and Cabin do not reply to emails. nearly $200,000 in backing. Others have failed simply because of logistics. Great idea, i got my product, but they simply couldn't ship everything in a timely manner so while successful as a kickstarter, will never continue to sell because they got logistics wrong on a $15 item. I am definitely not defending them. I have already said how much i backed. And this for me is business, i need it for the business to grow etc. Will i get mine before anyone else, NO, did i expect to, NO. Read what kickstarter is about and understand this is NOT A SHOP...! If you want guarantees then use a webstore or physical store. @Solder While that may be the fair option, is it a feasible option? That's a logistics nightmare waiting to happen. Andrew I am over 60 year old I may be dead before I get my airdog. I am sick of people trying to defend this company. Get real, this company is more like a scam than reality And I'm still waiting for a reply from this company regarding my previous comments on this page. Kevin stop being an apologist for this company. Pleased declare your underlying interest in this companyl Just out of interest! What do you all suggest happens then if the FCC doesn't go through, that we ALL wait in line until it passes...? Just curious. They have said what will happen, and if it changes the alternative. If the 1st person who backed is from the USA and they don't get the certificate under you're storage it would be unfair to send to the 2nd as that is the order. It's all a little childish really.we don't even know it the USA will come 1st yet, it is very likely. But come on... Andrew, its not about being prioritised, its actually the opposite, feeling annoyed that others are being prioritised over us, when the fairest thing to do is to ship the airdogs in the order of backing the project - those first to sign up are first to receive, and those late to the party are last to receive. That is just basic fairness and respect for backers. Andrew I am not interested in apologists for this company I am only interested in what they have to say for themselves as a company that I have invested in @Andrew: This is the way I feel. Kickstarter or not I expect to be served in the order that I bought my product. This is what I expect has a customer. And, by the way 2 more month just blows off one more season... Jeez people, you've waited a little more than a year for the drone... what's another couple of months? Why aren't people talking about all the positive advancements Helico is making? The Founders club, the smooth as butter follow capabilities, Airleash functionality... yet people want to make a stink about not being prioritized. The entitlement is strong with this one!!!!! • I am BITTERLY DISAPPOINTED with this latest update. I took holidays in November 2014 because I naively believed that was when my airdog would be delivered. In the (almost) year since then I have patiently waited. Even with the lack of updates and respect shown to the backers I patiently waited, saying nothing and thinking that the people behind this were working to get everything right before release. Finally when they announced that the units would ship in late August I thought great. I booked holidays in mid October to late November 2015 thinking that will give me a good buffer if things are delayed a bit. Why can't this company be honest with its backers. On the front page of this Kickstarter project page they have an announcement - "SHIPPING IN AUGUST". Why couldn't they have been honest and said - "Starting shipping of a small number of units to the US in late August and then over the next few months to the EU and then other International backers. If they then say that this plan of distribution was a late decision then they are either not telling the truth or telling us that they are flying by the seat of their pants with no plan. Either case scenario is disturbing. As I live in Australia I imagine that we will be on the bottom of the distribution list and I will probably be lucky if I receive my airdog with it's 2 leashes before Easter next year. This will mean that they have had my VERY HARD EARNED money for almost 2 years. Will this company guarantee 100 percent that they will fulfill all of the orders to their original Kickstarter backers before they ship other batches. I have noticed on the airdog forum that they are saying they will dispatch the 4TH BATCH orders in December???????????????????????????????? Is this December 2015 or December 2016? I do know that with the experience I have had with this start up project I will NEVER again back another Kickstarter project. There will be some great innovations with great teams putting these projects into the market place but as the old saying goes - "Once bitten twice shy". And to say that the airdog's Kickstarter project front page is not the place to discuss these issue is completely wrong. This is the place to bring up these issues so that anyone interested in this project can immediately access the comments without having to delve too deeply to find the information that will help with their purchase decision. Fully agree with Edwin & Clarin. I understand that commercially its important for Airdog to break into the US market, but for non-US backers to be treated as second class is unacceptable. Units should be shipped in chronological order of backing the project. Up until now I've been fully supportive of everything the Airdog team has done in terms of improving the product despite causing delays, but this is just disrespectful to non-US backers - all backers should be valued equally. Why are you shipping to the US first?!!! WHY NOT SHIP IN THE BAKERs ORDER. Where Switzerland fits in your logic, EU or International? There are no tax issues has we have to pay them anyway and if you have EU certification nothing is in the way to ship to us ASAP!!! @Edwin, i am in the same boat, Buddy and extra leash. I am sure we will not be missing this season, it is a delay yes, disappointment yes, disaster no it isn't...! They are doing everything they can to get this out for us, like i said elsewhere, they are working long hours many of them with young families, and all still love the work they do for us. This is not me defending them, this is the reality...!!! Would you rather they shipped a product half heartedly that failed and never worked correctly, as all the delays till now have been getting it right. Everything from now out, would be appear to be mostly out of there control. They are definitely working as hard as they physically can though...!!! I have backed failed kickstarters, and they are communicating with us and WILL deliver, count yourself lucky they are not just dumping a hard project and walking away as some do... U.S. backers first you have to be kidding!?!? International backers next year is a disgrace! I backed you as an AIRDOG BUDDY paying over £2K and have been very patient with respect to the Nov 2014 original date. To be told that I'm going to miss a second Ski season without a drone to film with is not acceptable. @Loke that's the whole point though. It is how you should be feeling. Haha. You will be amazed, I was nervous, excited, shocked, excited, worried, did is say excited. And then when you think about it. Well what did I just experience. I have seen the video now, I have seen the crap footage I got from my own camera, and I get the same feeling all over again, except for the fact that I do NOT have any footage from the drone the excitement is real from seeing the video and knowing what it shoots. It doesn't excite me to fly the airdog, it excites me to get the footage from that flight... I guess they are one and the same, and it is hard to separate the emotions. The best way to think about the Airdog, is that it is a tool or an accessory for you camera. An expensive one that just changes the way we film in a way that you cannot comprehend. And that is where the excitement comes from as you continue to use it. @Kevin Thanks for elaborating! I'll probably feel what you felt when I finally get mine. So pumped now! Haha. To be clear. I am underwhelmed while it is flying, it does nothing that gets me excited. Which is the point, i should not even have to consider what is happening, i am extremely excited about everything it means, everything it does, and the result of being underwhelmed while it does the job we expected from the start... ;) THAT is what we have paid for by backing this type of drone... ;) And this is going to be hard to beat... ;) I have no idea where the other drones are, and how they fly, well one of them is coming soon as well the other is next year, but the other being released soon has not stayed true to what they originally promised. ;) @Loke, it really is hard to put into a way that makes sense, i was and still am super super excited, but as i have already said, i fly drones for a living, and everyday i work i get excited, this is different, of different reason, the fact that it flies, the fact that it works so well, even if it took so much more time than they/we wanted, and all the problems they have experienced and overcome, is really cool. This is different, you can see the excitement in my face, i have now seen other video that i have that is not good video but i see my face. And i am underwhelmed. But for the right reasons. They really have done a good job, what we have bought is a flying platform for a camera we already know how to use. And the result is spectacular, but WE the backers are not flying this, the software and hardware that we paid for and the blood sweat and tears they have put into making it work are not flying this, it flies itself, and it just works so well...!!! I think i got it right, the conflicting feelings i have are in my head, they are how i feel, but i stand by what i said when i said, would i recommend it, HELL YEAH...!!! If you want to be able to go out there, film yourself doing whatever action sport you do, then this is the right platform...! But you cannot consider it as a drone, unless you are purchasing a compatible interface and an RC then it is a drone, but for most of us, this is just another piece (a very big piece) of the puzzle in getting great footage... ;) @Kevin Thanks for the preview write up. Are you sure 'Underwhelmed' is the right word to use? It implies disappointment, but everything else you wrote, you seemed rather satisfied and quite excited about the final version. For those that did not know, I have been in Latvia with Airdig the last couple of days, and this is my blog from yesterday. <url>"unofficial forum" the Airdog fb page and the Airdog owners fb page as well. I will hopefully have a blog page up on my website as well before i go, so can post straight to that as well... Still got a few things on there i need to finish before that though... ;) @Airdog do you have Airwheel users over there in Riga...? I am considering bringing mine with me, maybe we could get some cool shots using it through a scenic park. Maybe set ourselves a time limit for setup, filming and editing to show just what is feasible for us all... Just an idea... ;) If we have time in whatever else you have planned for me... Haha Heck, even a good discount on purchasing extra batteries would be good. @Creator, Hopefully the bonus is a battery (like 3DR did when the Solo gimbal was delayed) or extra props or something useful. A cap or t-shirt or something like that would be quite disappointing. Kevin, sounds like a good time, wish I wasn't half a world away. They probably should have done this a long time ago. Airdog have been kind enough to arrange for me to visit them in Riga Latvia on the 26th-28th August to see them at there offices etc. Looking forward to reporting back on how things are what to expect from a customers point of view, and generally having fun over there. They have also suggested we will get out on the MTB as well. Awesome... :) More videos please? :D Also, will the survey just be to confirm addresses or will it also be an opportunity to order extra batteries or Airleashes? Lastly, when are you going to tell us what the 'Patient Backer Bonus' is going to be??? (Was that me being impatient?) So today is the 10th and deliveries are supposed to start on the 31st...! By my reckoning, that means 3 weeks today...!!! Woo Hoo...! Now i just need to know when to book my flight to the UK so i can collect my delivery as that is where i will be testing to start, also need to be in the UK for the launch of the iPhone 6S as well, so may have to wait to collect my airdogs from delivery address :( Oh the joys of being in 2 countries... :( @ Creator. I am glad to see more frequent responses from you guys. Hope all goes according to plan for shipiping end of August. By the way, thank you for the latest update. great job! Looking at the video from the latest update, when the rider makes a change of direction the camera seems to has difficulty in keeping the rider in the middle of the picture. Have you been addressing this lag time between the airleash and the airdog? Raindrops keep falling on my head... @Creator, Airdog is supposed to be weatherproof right? Can we get some test footage from a rainy day (as you say you've had many of)? Might not be great conditions for the testers but it's a needed test right? @Creator it was mentioned in the last update that there would be more videos released "very soon". Well it's been ten days, so I guess very soon is a relative term. Can we expect to see some new footage this week? Hopefully testing is going well. Thanks @kelvin, I totally understand that the first instinct for a pilot to blame is the drone when a fly away occurs. I have the privilege to help clients send drones back to DJI for servicing, and with my conversation with DJI, from the flight data, many pilots had fly away because their compass were not calibrated 80% of the time. Other times, pilot takes off on manual mode without knowing it. And of course there are times when pilots takes of without a good no. of GPS lock on and wind condition are strong. For me when I train my clients to fly a drone, there are a fixed procedure where the user has to go through before flying. So far we have close to zero cases of fly away if the procedures are followed. For the pass 2 years of filming commercially, I did not have any fly away, but do have 1 or 2 judgement errors which resulted in crashes, and that is 100% pilot's fault. Just saw the Airdog new updates. The uncut video looks good. Finally seeing some lights in the tunnel. @Victor, it is very easy to blame pilot error, and coming from you it is not surprising, anyone that has not had a flyaway with a DJI drone is probably lying, as it is a regular occurrence, what you deem a flyaway and what normal people see as a flyaway are very different by the sounds of it. Anything that results in you having to do something other than what you normally do, is a flyaway...! On takeoff if this happens, and you are unaware then serious damage can be done, i learnt very quickly from this, and now have my OM as any issues the correct course of action is straight up...! This has been beneficial and it seems that many other people use this as a course of action being that it can't hit anything and gives you more time to correct and control whatever is happening...! I am curious though, i can't remember which country you are in, and if you are using the drones for commercial purposes. Would be interesting to hear. A good compilation of hints to avoid a "flyaway" can be found in this thread: <url>#comments It's relevant for all kind of drones, regardless if DJI, 3DR, or eventually Airdog. Worth reading, and can save you a lot of frustration and $$ Kelvin, don't worry about me not having enough drones, I have 5 spare drones as backup. So far never had any fly away. I am beginning to suspect that the pilot could be the issue if it happens so often. I had sent in my drones for DJI to service, turn around is 3 weeks which is reasonable. Lots of local support for DJI products as well. For Airdogs, I am not sure who is going to help when you have an issue. Anyway, good luck to you guys and I enjoy seeing all your agonies.....with an unresponsive creator. Well said Kevin. DJI have been in business for a while now. I heard loads of cases of fly aways. In fact I had a fly away with my DJI Phantom-2 and had to fish it out from the bottom of the lake... I haven't heard them admitting their faulty equipment always blaming the users which in some cases is true. Anyway, I baked the AirDog with a complete different use of drone in mind which is as hobby video making/recording of active sports in particular skiing. I am still hoping that AirDog will eventually launch and will meet my expectations. It just becoming harder to keep on positive note as creators of this great project just ignoring their first investors - bakers. No comments or response to queries, not eve raw videos... That is killing hope and I can see more bakers are withdrawing their moneys... No one is blinded as Victor Go expressed him self. It is just being realistic and hoping that AirDog will pull through. Yes, they may have encountered another problem and hence are keeping away from commenting until solved the issue... The time will show. But this should not bother you Victor Go at all as you've got your refund and bought instead what you wanted. You should just leave this comments board for actual backers. Remember one of your comments that until you get refund, you will be posting... I think its time for you to enjoy your new drone and leave us with AirDog. @Victor Just to clarify what you are saying, are you confident of the repair service on your inspire...??? Isn;t it a 6 week, yes 6 week turnaround for repairs on the Inspire 1, and they have to be sent back to China to be repaired as well, adding to the time you are without the Drone...??? And they still suffer from flyaways, and erratic behaviour as well. I know this 1st hand, as i also have an inspire 1, had a flyaway on takeoff only 2 weeks ago, and it went so quick, i had no opportunity to control it, the result it hit a window, broke a suspension leg 2 blades and 3 quick release clips... Only a week later, it did the same again, this time i was quick enough to cath it, took it straight up and controlled it in a way that allowed me to land it safely in a very wide open space away from any people...! The point being, DJI still suffer problems like everyone one else in this field, so slating an unknown about repairs is stupid, as the biggest seller on the planet is no better right now...! As a side note, if you are running an Inspire 1 for business, how prepared are you for the fallout of a failure that leaves you without a drone and looking stupid...? I now have 2 Inspires, so i have a spare for the simple fact that work cannot stop, so have you thought that far ahead yet...??? If anyone is interested in checking out what i am doing over in Norway, this is how far i have got so far... <url>"early" that shipping might happen early as well. But Helico is sticking by the Aug 31 date. Sorry... middle of June. Bob... in the last update they said production started in the middle of July. They even had video of the workers assembling arms. I would be more interested to know if their test run of full Airdogs has happened yet and the results. July 5th - starts the manufacturing of AirDog arms and batterie Airdog, did this happen? Seeing as a recently lost the gopro camera I had bought for use with the Airdog I now have a question. You announced long ago that you had developed a gimbal mount for the Sony action cameras (which at the time I was surprised at seeing as you had adamantly stated that gopro would be the only camera supported - having JUST purchased a Gopro Hero4 Silver). Will we now have the option to choose which type of gimbal we want, as I may want to buy a Sony this time. Just send them an email at <email> requesting a refund. At least that's what they've said before. Can anyone explain to me how to get a refund? It's been so long that quite frankly I'm not interested anymore. I would have also thought in this phase leading up to shipping they'd be talking to us more but it looks like we're still going to be a month between updates. Quite disappointing. Hopefully the excitement comes back when we actually get to use the Airdog. But I agree they have killed all of the anticipation. When I first saw Airdog I thought 'this is the coolest thing I've ever seen, I NEED TO HAVE THIS', now I only think 'I sure hope I actually do get something for the large amount of money I pledged'. If it weren't for the fact that it still looks like Airdog will be first to market with the feature set I need I would have requested a refund long ago. The fact that it now seems we were lied to doesn't help. Their Patient Backer Bonus better be good! Duncan I agree with you on the campaign. Two reasons I backed airdog instead of another product, was the leash and the original campaign complained to be 5 months from shipping. Knowing a little on how manufacturing works, someone who is 5 months out is fairly close to being done. Yeah it could slip a month or two. A year later production is just getting underway. While incompetence could be (and probably is) a factor, it seems much more likely that they knew back then that 5 months wasn't doable. It makes the lack of communication more understandable. Of course even now, with items supposedly being produced, nothing is being done to try and rebuild the trust in airdog. We've had like 2 videos posted in the last 4 months. Where are all the test videos they've been creating? There are 1000+ kickstarters plus what another 2K preorders (or so?) They should be spending some time building up the excitement, so we can be good airdog evangelists when it finally comes out. I used to be gungho, but every update dampens my excitement. And now I'm ready for the product to come out, but any excitement I've felt for the company has been lost. Lucas, unfortunately as I've said before I consider all three stretch goals failures (to varying degrees) as well as other important aspects of the project (foldable props) which I don't see them changing at this point. Although we also have other good things they've added (Lidar ground avoidance, Carrying case). There is also the PBB (Patient Backer Bonus) that they've alluded to but not provided detail on. Hopefully we get a good product in the end that we're all happy with. Duncan, I agree with you. I know it was not a fair game, but hopefully it worked. And as we were in the middle of a lie I think honor the stretches goal is the most important thing to regain their credibility. Chris, I totally agree that the choices voted for were not very good, but still better than the original. I went back to that survey and realized how much of a joke it was. 30 votes for the #1 choice. Loke, while I agree that the color is a trivial thing it was still promised to us. Lucas, what bugs me the most is that the Kickstarter campaign stated that they were ready to go and just needed money for tooling and getting production started. When this video clearly shows that they still had a lot of r&d to complete, were deep in debt, and if additional investments would not have materialized tha production would not have been possible. I don't get why so many people hate on the color choice. It's not like it's a fashion accessory that you wear out to show off. It's a camera drone. Not a hat. When it's up in the air, day or night, no one is gonna able to make out the colors clearly with the sun in the sky or the blackness of the night. I rather they spend time tinkering with the functionality of the AirDog than waste time messing with the colors. If the color scheme really bothers you so much, you can always mask the sensitive part and spray paint it yourself. Not like the paint is gonna add tons of weight to it. Duncan, I am very grateful that you have shared this video. The honesty of Agris was something impressive. I found a lot of courage to say so much information of this type before the campaign is over. As we can see, we were just part of a strategy that I believe have worked. But what if it did not? The risk we run here was very high. Despite that I learned a lot today with the words of Agris. I hope we have a great product in hand and we can enjoy quite within the purpose of use of each. Not everyone likes the same colors. I wanted the special colors because they were supposed to be kickstarter exclusives. But the two choices were horrendous (two of the worst that we could vote on) While I'm disappointed that we won't have kickstarter exclusive colors despite being a stretch goal, I get why, the logistics would have been complicated, plus the cost probably too high. As far as not asking goes... the original kickstarter was for the current colors. While Airdog has had some communication problems with their backers, this isn't one of them. I am also quite dissatisfied since the only color will be the ridiculous egg yellow with purple arms. I understand that the color is part of the logo but it really does not look so nice. I was so happy about the decision to go for black and green instead of yellow purple. Now everybody was expecting that and the order gets changed without asking the backers in prior. Not very nice. <url>"path follow" requires you to run the path first, to record it. But Duncan is talking about following him on a never before run path, as in the back country. But it looks like "auto follow" will do what he wants. It says "will follow you repeating exactly your movement trajectory" that seems to imply if he skis around a tree, the Airdog will also maneuver around the tree. Of course there are issues and it may not follow 100% but it still sounds like that is what he wants. As I understand it "path follow" requires you to run the path first, to record it. But Duncan is talking about following him on a never before run path, as in the back country. But it looks like "auto follow" will do what he wants. It says "will follow you repeating exactly your movement trajectory" that seems to imply if he skis around a tree, the Airdog will also maneuver around the tree. Of course there are issues and it may not follow 100% but it still sounds like that is what he wants. @Creator can we expect a new update this month? With the dates you have set I would like to know that the schedule is being adhered to and progress is being made! I finally received my refund from Airdog. It took just too long for me to wait for a shipment and after all the delays I decided to step out. Overall I am happy that I backed, Airdog inspired me to move away from my solid but boring DJI stuff and to dig into 3DR technology and the Arducopter code, which I believe is by far the most advanced flight controller in drone tech today. I own a perfectly flying FollowMe drone in the meantime and will continue to play with new capabilities, such as Lidar for terrain follow (yes, not collision detection). I just mounted the Lidar to my quad and will know soon what it can do or not do. In case you are interested, I will continue to post infrequent updates in the boards.airdog.net forum. So this is my last post on Kickstarter, I wish you all always happy landings and a successful release of Airdog! Best Stephan @Creator I was looking for a much more technical answer than that. I even stated that the Path Follow mode wouldn't work for backcountry skiing. I was specifically asking about the auto-follow mode and whether it would in fact follow my exact trajectory as stated or whether it just tries its best to stay behind as 3DR's 3PV follow mode does, which if it's lagging behind it would cut the corner. I'm not asking you to repeat the words of the advertising materials, I'm asking about how it was programmed in reality (recording and playing back waypoints or an algorythm that can fall behind). As I understand it "path follow" requires you to run the path first, to record it. But Duncan is talking about following him on a never before run path, as in the back country. But it looks like "auto follow" will do what he wants. It says "will follow you repeating exactly your movement trajectory" that seems to imply if he skis around a tree, the Airdog will also maneuver around the tree. Of course there are issues and it may not follow 100% but it still sounds like that is what he wants. New Video... <url>"follows" you from the side. I just had a thought that I would like an answer to. When Airdog is following, does it record the route you're taking and follow it or does it try its best to maintain the position that it's supposed to be in? What I mean by that is if I'm skiing through the trees (keeping the recommended distance of 10m) with Airdog following a set distance behind and then I turn a sharp corner, will Airdog follow the path that I took or will it make a diagonal B-line into the trees to try to get behind me again? Would rather know the intended behavior than find out through experimentation (and perhaps put an idea in your head). The year-long delay in AirDog's delivery has given me time to think about what I need in a drone, and I've come to the conclusion that auto-follow mode, while an attractive feature, is much less important to me than robust manual control and first-person viewing. While these can be added to AirDog, I'd prefer to have them built in and fully integrated from the start. In short, my understanding of my needs has changed since I backed this project. While I still believe that AirDog, whenever it ships, is likely to be the most capable drone on the market for extreme-sports videography, that's not my prime use. So I bought a DJI Phantom 3 Professional, which does what I want--manual control and FPV--very well, and does it now. I wrote to Helico to request a refund of my Kickstarter pledge, which was funded through my Amazon account. They were willing to refund, but wanted to know my bank account details, SWIFT number and so on. When I asked why they couldn't simply refund my money to the same Amazon account that paid it, I got this reply: "Unfortunately we have ceased our partnership with Paypal and Amazon due to the fact that we could not come to the mutually beneficial agreement with them. So the only way we can make that refund is by wire transfer." I find it a little odd that they've severed relations with both Amazon and PayPal, which are obviously large and reputable firms. In any case, I wasn't comfortable providing that kind of personal financial information to strangers in Lithuania, so I decided to let the order stand. When my AirDog arrives next fall, I'll sell it on eBay to recoup most of my money. If anyone's interested, I can announce that event here when the time comes. Unlike Victor, I have no intention of hanging around here, badmouthing Helico or AirDog. I still believe it will be the best product in its category. It's just that I've come to realize that isn't the category I'm most interested in... and I wasn't willing to wait another four months for a product that isn't the best fit to my needs. I wish the best to Helico and to all here. So... with Airdog being 11 months late (if delivered in September), has any of the 'we'll develop that after we release' been worked on? Or has the whole team been busy working on the existing problems? This would include the floater accessory, the Ground Control app, other follow modes, etc. Trying to find the silver lining in this cloud... Also can we expect an update sometime soon? @John, yes it is, but like most other "competitors" look at what has already gone in the past, folding props are expensive, and hard to balance, that is why birddog are not using them. Battery that you can't change. Tracking that has a very short range. Digital gimbal, well that answers itself. The list goes on...! If you really want to see how useless this thing is, take a look at the video in this article, and you will understand why this will not get to market at that price point unless they take a huge hit, and even then in the timescale they are giving...! <url>"Though Lily won't be commercially available until February 2016, the company is starting to take early orders this week. Pre-sale units will cost $499 -- half the final retail price of $999. So far Lily has raised $1 million in funding from SV Angel, High Line Venture Partners and Upside Partnership. " Thank you for the videos posted on youtube. I've spent 1250usd for my airdog, its a lot of money for a person living in Malaysia.. Plus airdog convinced me and it is my first and only Kickstarter that I've backed ever since.. Should have received my go-pro last year November.. Now its just one after another bs... I wish to know if there is an underlying special privilege and i mean very special to backers not just the price itself.. I would really want an airdog but you guys really made us wait every single day.. Might as well I wait till the product is already out.. You guys did a very good job on the product, but seriously guys.. C'mon.. Yes by no means do I want them spending any time polishing a video for us. I want to see raw footage from testing that hopefully by this point still looks pretty good. That's why I'm saying if they are still hesitate to show anything at this point I'm going to be very concerned. While I agree with Duncan that testing a camera drone could be expected to involve shooting video, if I had to choose between the kind of polished videos that Helico seems to insist on (as opposed to raw footage) and text updates with details about production progress, I'd choose the latter. Let them concentrate on getting the product into our hands, rather than making pretty pictures. Helico's admission that they're still doing R&D at this late date is discouraging but not surprising, given the overall pace of this project. As they've said, they greatly underestimated what it would take to go from prototype to finished project. That's quite common for a startup, although it's frustrating for us backers. One can also surmise that they greatly underestimated costs--remember, the original campaign was for just US$200,000, and they garnered more than six times that much in pledges (US$1.3 million)... yet they have had to borrow several million additional dollars since then, just to keep things going. A venture capital funding round is not something to be proud of, in my humble opinion; rather, it means "We went deeper into debt." You only do that if there is no other way to stay afloat. In any case, I wish the Helico team success, but I ordered a Phantom 3 today. I still look forward to receiving my AirDog sometime late this year, but I just couldn't wait any longer. "As you probably know our office and most of our team is situated in Latvia. Reason why we don't have any snowboarding/skiing videos is that we virtually didn't have any snow this winter and traveling just to shoot videos wasn't an option." It's snowing here... ;) Right now...! And we actually had a resort shut down yesterday for a couple of days due to TOO MUCH SNOW... ;) Okay I'll accept that this has been a bad winter for snow. But you say you've been testing, testing, testing and not making videos . Well the purpose of this product is to shoot video so I don't understand why you can't show us something. I just want to see video of airdog following someone down a hill. The mountain bike video you guys released a long time ago didn't seem to show this. It kept cutting between shots and seemed to be getting further away from the subjects in a lot of the longer sequences. @Duncan +1 @Creator I'll just say this again - Please post some unedited airdog videos of skiing or snowboarding. You guys had to have done some testing this winter. If not my faith in this product is going to be seriously shaken. Justin, I would comment but it's all been said before. Hmmm. The lack of reactions regarding this latest update is quite concerning to be honest... Cool update... BUT Can you please please please, still keep us updated on a regular basis though, and not just think that we have a timescale now and that is all you need to do...! Also, if you could let us know packaging... Did you decide on case yet...??? My understanding is Airdog is presenting tomorrow, the 6th. They are planning to make a big announcement then. I expect they will update us then. Day 1 of the Collision conference... What's the over/under that Airdog will actually remember to keep its backers in the loop? I won't be holding my breath that's for sure. Hi Duncan, airdog.com states 10-20min flight time (depending on speed) with a 4s 5500mAh battery at 1.85kg takeoff weight. I can confirm from all my experience that this part of the spec is realistic. A quad of the size of Airdog draws about 15Amps while hovering and easily 50+Amps at speeds of 40mph. So you can do the math. From Facebook: AirDog.com Hey Chirstopher, We will announce our final shipping dates during Collision Conference (May 5-6). New Kickstarter update coming soon as well. Stay tuned. Kind regards, AirDog team. Saving big news up for a grand announcement at a trade show? Why? 'Update this week!' - last week? While this and the update promise last week were both direct replies to individuals on Facebook we can all see them, just have to dig. Why aren't you communicating to everyone and keeping your promises? Why is this too much to ask? Did the increase in battery capacity increase the flight time at all or did something change that now Airdog needs a bigger battery to keep its flight time promises? And why wasn't this communicated to us? This is the kind of stuff we're interested in knowing as you guys are evolving the product. @Creator, need some clarifications please. Airdog.com still mentions foldable props, yet your update 2 months ago said it wouldn't have them. If we aren't getting foldable props, will tools be required to put on/remove the props? Airdog.com mentions a 5500mah battery while the kickstarter says 4000mah. Please tell us which one we'll be getting. Thank you. I'm out too, was patient for way too long. I got $15 charge for the bank wire transfer, so this was a pretty bad investment. A small leak (lack of communication in this case) can sink a great ship! Getting DJI Phantom 3 this Thursday in the mail instead. Good luck to you guys! I have asked for my refund and got it after a couple "reminders" sent to helico after the promissed date passed, always with cc to kickstarter Question: if helico does not inform their investors (backers) on the status of the project with so many people Asking for it! If and when you get the gear and it goes deffective do you think they will change their attitude ? I decided to buy something already being produced and market tested even if I pay more. I give the money and I get the product. Good luck to all of you @creator I think it's about time for another update. It's been over a month now. Very surprised that we haven't seen any snowsports videos this winter (northern hemisphere). You guys must have been testing. Perhaps things didn't go so well? @Stephan nice man, i like it, by any chance did u know when it suppose to e the nex update? Ouch. Now it should work :-) <url>é. exemple: 10 airdog vendus 1000$ pour un coût de fabrication de 500$ = 5 000$ pour investir/développer/récupérer des dividendes. 1000 airdog vendus 1000$ pour un coût de fabrication de 500$ = 500 000$ pour investir/développer des fonctionnalités supplémentaires (paliers supplémentaires kicstater)/récupérer des dividendes. mais si le coût de fabrication/conception de l'airdog est de 950$ (ou plus) et vendu 1000$ , airdog s'est planté. Si airdog a collecté 2 M$ de fond propres c'est qu'il y a une certaine rentabilité. @Charles, pls excuse my response in English. you are not correct with your statement that all big Kickstarter either fail or delay and it therefore becomes backers' fault if they raise concerns. I personally have made only good experiences with Kickstarter projects. Yes things may go different than expected, thats everyones well understood risk. BUT: backers can always expect a clear frequent and open communication. In this project, communication has consistantly been poor. So you might understand why backers who invested into the packages with a shipment included are getting grumpy. Airdog Kickstarter asked for 200K and received 1.3mil, lagged far behind promises, added features that improved the product which also delayed delivery, then signed on another 2mil investment and were still waiting for regular updates. Makes me wonder how airdog would of survived under the original 200K offering? When I ordered 2 unites in July, 2014 I planned to use them for 3 projects this year I shoot in May, June, July. Looks like no chance of receiving in time for any of these projects. Yes, its very frustrating and can only trust that the wait will be worth it. Bonjour, Vous avez confondu site internet de vente en ligne et site participatif à un projet. J'ai donné une somme symbolique pour montrer que le projet m'intéresse sans demander une contrepartie. J'aurai le loisir d'acheter l'Airdog sur un site ou magasin lors de son industrialisation. J'aurai été pouvoir investir dans Airdog et devenir actionnaire mais ce n'est pas le choix qui a été fait par l'équipe d'Airdog La faute aussi à airdog qui détourne la finalité de Kickstater pour faire de la prévente. Si vous vous étiez renseigné, tous les gros projets Kickstater ont du retard ou n'aboutisse jamais. Bref, ceux qui se plaignent ne peuvent que s'en prendre à eux même. I only mentioned the film stuff since that was one sales angle they were using during the kickstarter. I'm not so sure they have lost any market yet, film makers are either wanting a DJI Phantom or Inspire, to film. Or if you are a lone wolf, then the only real choice is the Hexo+ and we all know where that is with there progress, so i still think they have the edge, what is worrying, is that they are losing customers now, and that is not good, they are saying preorder for Q3 when we are now Q2 and kickstarter backers have not had them, still no news on the beta program so to speak, and testing is not something we really hear a lot about... I am starting to get a little nervous now...!!! In my mind, i think if we do not have definitive answers and progress by the middle of May, then i may have to rethink my position... I hope they do move forward as they have said, it is what they need to do... I still have faith it will be the best (current) autonomous drone there will be this year, the problem i have is how the financing and production now pans out as a start up burns money very very quickly, although the extra 2M they raised means they are now a hell of a lot more accountable than they where when it was just kickstarter... ;) Ah... also says you have to keep the Solo controller with you if you want to do Follow-me. Not exactly keyed to action sports. Really Airdog still has the edge in the action sports market. But it has definitely lost the race for the film-makers out there. In their last update they mentioned design freeze by end April. If they miss this milestone again it will take a long time to deliver. Hopefully they got vy now that speed matters. They raised a respectable 2Mio, compared to 3DR (50Mio) and DJI its just a drop on a hot stone. They cannot catch up on features. So please release quickly and deliver patches and sw updates on fast pace! Otherwise you will miss the boat. Stephan, I thought the price of the Solo was nice when I got the email saying it was $999. Then I find out that it's $1299 in Canada, plus it doesn't come with the 3D gimbal, that's $499 (cdn) more. And extra batteries are $199. That's $2000cdn for a drone that as far as I know can still only follow you in 2 dimensions. Yeah... I'm just guessing that one might come next week... as that would be around a month since the last update. I'm done bugging them about their communication, it obviously isn't helping. What's making me sad is that winter seems to be having some death throes around here and we're actually getting the best snow conditions we've had all season. Sure could use an Airdog... It's sad to see that we've reached the point where nobody even bothers asking for an update :( <url>"At the moment we don't want to release this information publicly. Information about AirLeash functionality will be included in AirDogs user manual." I read that backers will have to anticipate changes to what was communicated before. Can you please add some color to what this actually means for us? Thanks! Timing is everything... There is another drone coming up Yuneec Q500 Typhoon. So now we have at least 2 competitors with built in cameras that are better than gopro hero 4 (maybe not in terms of the resolution, but the angles optimized for aerial, real lens, ability to manage the camera separately from the drone, no hassle charging it separately) I know it "doesn't follow you" but there is an app which allows to do "follow me" like feature via your phone (I'm sure the app will be updated to support the new drones) All thing considering, those drones are roughly the same price (including the remote controller), similar flight time, better built in camera, will be delivered by the end of this month. Airdog - maybe it's time to wake up? Too busy burning money I guess 2 weeks since any communication from airdog team... Have you guys made no progress? Or just don't want to share? I don't understand how this is so difficult. DJI just released phantom 3, the video quality/depth/stabilization looks insane: <url>"Hi, i am a backer of many items on Kickstarter, and on one in particular i am starting to get the hump with a particular user. This user, has asked and got a refund, but is still consistently putting the item down, and suggesting everyone asks for a refund as well. I consider this to be against the terms and conditions, and would appreciate it, if you could either remove the user from the backers of the item, or simply ban him. It is not in keeping with the spirit of kickstarter. <url>"Victor Go 3 days ago You guys need to see the light. There is no benefit being a backer. What privilege do you get? You still can buy the drone if the company succeed. Sorry, there is no point continuing backing a company that is poorly managed. So just write in to <email> To get your refund before it is too late. To the die hard supporter .... Good luck." And the link to the page is <url>" It is NOT personal, but it is warranted, as your actions affect the company that you actually chose to back, and they have been nothing but fair with you...!!! Regardless of how much money they raised, it's unacceptable to keep us backers in the dark for so long. A good communication example is the G6 belt project, the pledge was only $56 not $1000+ The project was delayed as well but because of the clear and frequent communications the backers never lost trust in the creator, which is no longer the case for airdog... <url>"Even if it is less than all the marketing promises in its first release. Thx!" Speak for yourself Stephan. First and foremost, we want a RELIABLE plan ahead including a delivery date. You are 4 months behind your original plan, and you are equipped with 6 times the budget you originally requested for, so it is more than justifiable to insist on this. And please no overengineering, sometimes less is more. Even if it is less than all the marketing promises in its first release. Thx! I really hope you do hear us, but you've said that before so I don't think you do. Your response to our concerns about lack of communication is going to be another monthly update? Well Airdog didn't win at SXSW...maybe now they have time for an update. At this point I'm not even excited about the project anymore. As a student of project management this is just a sad example of how projects are over-promised and under-delivered instead of the other way around. How can you expect us to be repeat customers or recommend the product to potential buyers if we see this is how your business operates? Airdog better be a pretty amazing product when it is finally delivered because when it comes time to replace it, you can bet there will be other options on the market. This is particularly true for myself and I'm sure many others who will be first-time drone owners. Stakeholder satisfaction is a key indicator of project success, so how do you think the 1357 people who supported this project are feeling right now? I can tell you that even once I have both my Airdogs in my hands I will not consider this project a success (severe lack of effective communication/extreme timeline delays are the reasons), but I do hope you learn from your mistakes so you can change my now prejudiced opinion of future projects from Helico. From Update 16 (July 31, 2014): "We will be sending a survey email out asking for your shipping address, AirDog color, and other information before we are ready to ship,. Make sure you check your email for that, but don't panic if you don't see it immediately; it will be happening in October." Just curious as to the timing of the survey vs. manufacturing, in regard to color. Will the survey be done BEFORE manufacturing of the colored parts (so as to know how many of each color to manufacture)? Or will the colored parts be already manufactured before the survey, according to an estimate/prediction of how many of each color to make, based on the results of the voting on color preferences long ago? In other words, would it be assumed that the color that backers voted on last July/August 2014 will be more or less what they will request in the survey? Hello Everybody! My message to developers: Why communication with your investors (backers) so poor? We do not feel the process of achieving the goal. Whatever you have going on in the team? Why there is no date of shipment still? it's my concern! Jose, March 15 is the SXSW event - expect a glossy update right afterwards. :-) See also the last update. @ creator when its going to be the next update???????, please, can't wait any more, we need to know whats going on guys, please Elias, just s be your refund request to <email> the does refunds on a weekly basis. From my understanding they have loads of refunds to do, so they only does it once a week. It took about 3-4weeks from the time I made the request to the time the money gets into my bank. They will need your full name, address, bank account no. and the bank swift address/code. Better get your money back early while they still have. � @Creator It's sad that you guys keep ignoring my comments. I'm really just trying to help. As ELIAS's comments show, you're about to reach the tipping point of where some of your backers become genuinely angry. As soon as you missed the original shipment date your communication efforts should have intensified. All it would take to keep us happy is to keep us informed. Communicate as problems are found, as they are resolved, as project milestones are reached. Monthly updates are not good enough. But I've said all this before... months ago. I just hope that no retail contracts have been signed and this project doesn't deteriorate into where we've seen so many others go. Delayed so much that the first units are shipped to retail to avoid financial penalties instead of going to the people that made the product possible. These are the things we worry about in the absence of actual communication. Once more Why you can not commit with a estimated delivery date of your product ? Backers commited their money ! With all due respect if no commitment is showed on at least a tentative date, a week from today March 10 kindly send instructions on how to get my money refunded. Thank you I put a coment 2 hours ago about ETA Of product and refund proceedure and it is gone now !! Doing a screen shot. Weird +1! Would love to see some snowboarding footage! It just hit me that I don't think I've seen any Airdog footage yet where Airdog is adjusting its altitude along with the subject. Even in the downhill mountain bike ride the continuous footage seems to keep the Airdog at the same altitude and the rider is getting further away. I'm sure by now you guys have some downhill skiing or snowboarding footage from your own testing or beta testers (or at least I hope). Can you share? The only thing they can do is be honest, the issues on being honest do make a difference though, ie if they don't declare the price you paid as including delivery then customs will charge the tax with that on top as well... It all gets confusing, for sure. The other issue is we paid different prices, so will have (or should) have different declarations... It is not something I am overly concerned about right now, I live in norway and we have 25% vat, but I also have a home in the UK so will not pay vat if I have delivered there, the difference is I then have to fly to get it, but it is the same the other way as I bought a twin pack, one is for here the other for there... Haha It may be a good idea to address this and ask questions nearer the time to clarify though, as if we ask now things may change with who is responsible for dealing with it and then we have something different happen with our rewards... ;) Tom, this is not something Helico can solve for you. You need to clearify this with your customs officials in your country. In the case of Germany, a "gift" wont work since Helico is a commercial business and not a private person and the value of an Airdog exceeds 45€. In Germany you would need to pay 19% sales tax plus ~4% toll on top of the purchase price uf imported drom outside the EU. Regardles whether is Kickstarter or something else. Customs couldn't care less I am afraid. Also interested in how you will work with customs etc. Because technically this is a gift for the money we invested to help you start up. As a Canadian backer, what would be the best option to minimize customs? I can either have it sent to a US address and declare it in customs or I can have it sent to my Canadian address and pay the customs fees. Just wondering what would be the most cheapest option for me here. The good news: assuming they ship out of US and Latvia, there will be no Tax/Customs in any of the EU countries :-) (and within the US) The bad news: I guess for all other countries outside EU and US you will have to pay customs/tax regardless wether its Kickstarter or not. So had I when I received my Kickstarter IR-LOCK shipped from the US. Thomas provided me with a proper invoice, nevertheless I then had to spend ~1 hour at customs to explain what this little device is and what it is supposed to do. In addition, a CE certificate is crucial for any imports into the EU, and I guess FCC certification is equally crucial for US imports. EU customs can immediately refuse import and they give you the option to return it to sender on your expense or to have it destroyed. (no kidding) Thats why I keep asking here for the staus of FCC/CE approval... Customs is a whole heap to trouble, and even sending "warranty" now in some countries requires proof that you sent back from the country receiving it or you are charged tax...!!! Not sure how this will work, as they are now running out of the USA but they are a EU company, as i understood it, if you live in the EU it would be sent from there, but for all others they would be sent from the USA, this avoids huge shipping charges as it is actually cheaper to send from the USA than it is say from EU to Asia... Don't know why that is, but it is...!!! I would guess as i have already said elsewhere, ordering extra leash now, may mean they are not actually manufactured when the drone is, if you ordered the extra leash with the kickstarter, then it would certainly be disappointing if that was a separate package...! I am a little gutted about batteries as well, as i would order an extra 2 or 3 straight away... Lets hope this changes... But i expect ANY declaration to be honest and with this many packages going out, it would be wrong of them and very confusing for them to start getting involved in pricing things differently to what the pledge was... Oh and it would be criminal as well...! I'm with Loke and Duncan. Hope you reconsider it. One more thing is about the declared price in parcel. Since we, in fact didn't bought nothing, this is only a reward for backing your project, how'll you handle with invoice and stuff? It'll be very frustrating have my "toy" arrested in customs obligating me to do many process as if I was importing a whole container of some stuff. @creator It would be very disappointing if extra airleashes/batteries could not be included with the backer shipments. Shipping costs will definitely add up and an Airdog with one battery is next to useless. Your comment makes me think your long term plan doesn't include direct retail and you will just sell to resellers who can handle all of the logistics stuff. I realise it's a pain to ship out custom order quantities, but I would have hoped that backers would receive some preferential treatment since we're why this company has been so successful. I hope you reconsider. @Creator Thanks for responding! I was hoping because of the carry case, that you could stuff an extra battery or two into it and then send it as one parcel. I think as an international backer (Australia), I'm not the only one who dreads about having to pay those hefty shipping cost for each extra battery/airleash. It'd be painful if the shipping costs close to or even as much as the price of the battery itself. @Wolfgang Given that they have already stated that batteries would be a separate delivery, i would guess it would be the same for 2nd/spare airleash. The reasoning i would think for this, would simply be that they will have a certain amount of airless ordered for production, and it is very unlikely there will be an awful lot if any spare for sale straight away, unless you ordered when you originally ordered through kickstarter, then there production run may not allow for it. The best thing you can do, to get a swift response would be to email an enquiry direct through the webpage, as they respond to there emails a lot quicker than on here due to being so busy... Fingers crossed they can help, but it is what it is when it comes to manufacturing and running extras is not so easy this early in... Hi, what is about a second remote/Airleash ? Also shipped separate or is there a possibility to order a second one before first shipment? rgd Wolfgang Suggestion! When the time comes to begin send out our AirDogs, can we please get an extra order confirmation for those who wants extra batteries but don't want to incur separate delivery costs? Thanks! Got my refund, great job for Airdog in this area. Will be off to getting the Inspire 1 with the money refunded. With the inspire 1 I would probably get more paid jobs to help fund the Airdog when production is more steady(hopefully). All the best in your wait (hopefully not to long). Refund get it,after nice communications and due force major i have ask back the refund,a pity but in same moment happy to have contributed to found that project,to all backers here good luck and enjoy this amazing drone ,i will watch on YouTube your videos ;-) Jacco, as Justin explained I am not affiliated with helico. As a skiier who loves the trees I would also love object avoidance. Unfortunately it won't be included in airdog. I share Justin's view on how far out consumer object avoidance is. @Jacco, Duncan is, just like me, not affiliated with AirDog. We are only backers, so anything we state is not official. We just have followed all discussions so far, so we are pretty well informed. Obstacle avoidance with sensors has been a very hot issue. In short, it's not yet possible. The long version: For obstacle avoidance with sensors, a few things are mandatory. First of all, you must have sensors that can detect obstacles. This sounds pretty simple, but the truth is that thus far there aren't any sensors that can detect all kinds of surfaces (big/small, but also different compositions like wood, metal, snow, water, stone, etc.) with a high enough accuracy. A combination of sensors maybe can, but then it will increase the weight of the drone and it will require more of the processor capacity (resulting in more calculation time). Which brings us to the next problem. A drone flying at 70 km/h will require a certain reaction time (a bit like when driving a car). The faster it goes, the more time is required to change its trajectory in order to avoid the obstacle, the more distance will be covered between registering the object and performing the evasion. Until now, there aren't any sensors that can detect obstacles at a large enough distance to compensate for the speed of the drone and time required to process the sensor signals when the drone is flying any faster as walking speed. So yes, in the future drones will definitely be able to have obstacle avoidance on higher speed, but not within the first 2 or 3 years is my best guess (atleast not affordable and in consumer drones). Any project claiming otherwise is, to me, not realistic until I actually seen footage of a drone doing just that. As for AirDog, it will be getting a software based area avoidance. You can use your AirDog app on your smartphone to mark areas you don't want the drone to come. It's a bit like geofencing. Then these GPS coordinates will be uploaded to your drone which will steer clear of these areas. For mountain biking this is only partially useful. AirDog can be used for it, but only if you order it to stay above the highest tree tops filming down. It will not be able to follow you through the woods dodging all the trees. It can follow your exact track, but Helico stated that you should keep your AirDog clear from obstacle of atleast 10m. on all sides. I think that should be enough info for you to determine if AirDog is the right gadget for you. :) Thank you for the swift respons Duncan. Do you reckon the airdog will be upgradeable in the near future to add these capabilities? This would be a huge assett for many mountainbikers and trailrunners. No the lidar is so it doesn't crash into the ground. There is no front facing object avoidance. Only software based no fly zones. Hi there, I may be asking a question that was asked before, sorry for that. We want to use the airdog for mountainbiking through the forest. Does the lidar have front facing sensors or will they be optional so the airdog does not crash into trees? I very VERY much like the idea of having a Carrying Case. :-). Keep up the good work. Looking forward to my Airdog in Berlin and around the world. @Micahel, as i understand it, when they are manufacturing, they will send out for details on shipping address and colour specification requirements. Along with this should be the option to purchase extra batteries for shipping with the unit itself... That is how kickstarter normally works and what they have previously stated for batteries anyway. As for ship date, that is anybodies guess but the moulds are being made now, and the last update gives more info on progress for sure... ;) Ship date please? When do I pick colors? Any deals on spare batteries for patient backers? @creator: A few requests for your next update: - pls provide a milestone plan between now and shipment for Kickstarter backers - Update on CE/FCC conformity - Status of Android/iOS app Thanks! Got a reply to a post I put on facebook that they're working on an update right now and will release when it's ready. I don't see why updates have to take so long to prepare... Video production and careful scripting? Why not just quickly post what's happening possibly with a few pictures? Michael/Thomas. I think the only person complaining solely about the delays is Victor, who has requested a refund so he is irrelevant. Everyone else (myself included) are complaining mostly about the lack of a communicated plan going forward. Also personally complaining about the frequency of updates which kind of falls in with the first point. Tough to wait a month between updates to find out about ANOTHER delay. I am also personally disappointed in most of the causes for the delays, mostly stemming from trying to dummy-proof this product too much. I think some of us are just identifying some small traits of a mismanaged project/business and doing what we can (basically nothing - commenting on kickstarter) to try to help Helico/alleviate our fears. We're not screaming for our money back (except Victor) or threatening legal action. We're just letting them know that communication and a good project plan will keep us happy. Even though I'm not happy... missed pretty much the whole ski season - turns out it wasn't a very good season anyway. :P Guys, your experiences with failed Kickstarter projects should be no reference for Airdog. I backed one other project so far related to drone tech, the IR-LOCK project, who managed to deliver in time, quality and scope. As a backer and investor in a company, I can cope with delays due to previously unexpected obstacles, but as I do not accept silently removed shipping dates (batch1, batch2,..) and a lack of communication of a plan forward. I totally agree with Michael Bove. I'd rather wait a bit longer for my Airdog which is fully functioning as t is described instead of getting have working product. I did back up three other projects and all of them are delayed. We must all understand that these products are on sitting on the shelf and ready to be dispatched. Helico team is working hard to rectify all glitches that surface during testing and I an confident they will deliver an excellent product soon. Don't get me wrong. I am too disappointed with the delay as most of backers here and my ski season is over for this year but I am not going to winge around and knock the Helico team down just because they are experiencing delays. @ Helico team, can you please keep us posted on your progress more regularly. Hope to hear some good news in near future. Wow, I haven't read anything from the Airdog comments for over two months and I've come back to this sh*t storm... I have no idea why Victor is losing his sh*t over the delays, I backed the GCW-Zero, it too 2 years but I finally got my unit and it still doesn't work as advertised! Christ, several key features don't work and the buttons are defective! Worse, there are still backers who haven't received theirs! I have the utmost faith that Helico will get this right and given how much we've all paid I'm sure they will delay shipping units until they have it right, and you know what? I'm ok with that. I don't mean to be quite so sh*tty about this but seriously I'm sick of people whining about the thing's they've backed being delayed. peace out for now~ I'm really hopeful the next update is more positive... Dunno why, but i get a good feeling that something good is gonna happen...! I really do hope i am right..!!! Please Airdog, give us a good update ;) @Andy: Thanks for sharing the blog from DC. A good and non-biased overview on the state of the industry including the uprising challenges on further emerging regulations. But please avoid any false conclusions on "half baked 3DR software" This is simply wrong. I did countless follow-me flights with the official DP2 release since December and can honestly state that it works as advertised by 3DR. I am part of their DP3 beta program and tested also extreme situations such as intentional crash of the Android device or disconnect of the telemetry link. The drone always behaved correclty, going into the defined failsafe action. By the way, the telemetry link works also via the smartphone-built-in Bluetooth w/o the need to connect anything to the USB port - the Author was probably not aware of this option. Using a cellphone as guiding device has its limitations, especially when it comes to "action sports" we all know this. The "Airleash" of Helico is supposed to overcome this, thats why I backed them. Does it fulfil the marketing promises? I can tell you once end users like me had the opportunity to play with it. Prior to this, its all speculation and whishful thinking. Ha, I will not stop slamming them till I see the money back. Also to show others the other side of reality, so others don't get disappointed. Andy, you can continue to believe in them. I can continue to slam them for their in capability. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. My negativity towards them is not groundless. Within 6 months of their launch, the big boys will produce something similar. Do you thing other drones maker are not doing something similar? Victor, you've already bailed out by requesting a refund. Your consistently negative comments were never helpful, but now they're irrelevant. By your own choice, you are no longer a part of the AirDog community. So why not take your sour attitude elsewhere? Anybody who thinks that AirDog is a me-too effort that can easily be duplicated by others may want to take a look at this comparative review of auto-follow drones by a knowledgeable extreme-sports enthusiast and drone flyer: <url>"are highly dependent on dual micro-USB connected transmitter adapters, that almost exclusively run on Android. As one who’s done a fair bit of testing in this area now, these micro-USB connectors suck for action sports because of their propensity to jiggle loose." The race is far from over, but at this point AirDog has the most compelling product for its target market. The competing drones aren't waterproof. They don't fold up, so you can't backpack with them. They lack any kind of ground avoidance. And so on. That doesn't mean Helico is guaranteed to succeed as a business, but it does suggest that their product will be superior to its competitors for the stated purpose: creating auto-follow video of action sports. I hope this is not going to be the case of "perfect product" + "poor management" = "failed product" I'm sure the absence of a schedule is just because they don't want to keep setting a date only to not meet it. IMO a very bad way to run a project. You should always have a schedule. Then if circumstances change you adjust the schedule and communicate what happened. Lack of a schedule means no accountability and you can just keep letting things slip. What really bugs me is that most of this delay is them trying to incorporate features that were never in scope to begin with. While ground collision avoidance is going to be a great additional feature, at this point I would almost have rather had my Airdog 4 months ago. Dear Airdog - I love your concept and still believe in it. However, Kickstarter only works if you keep your backers up to date on what is going on. Winning prizes and doing tv-shows is fine, but your financial sponsors demand results slowly. My initial hope was to have the drone for a project in Brazil last fall, seeing you were running into some issues, I settled for Canada this spring - now that seems unlikely to happen as well. Not complaining, but I'd really like to know if I for my summer projects can count on an airdog or if I need to search for an alternative. $130 per battery, with no price stated yet for extra chargers. Is there no price break for your backers. You should consider a Kickstarter backer discount for these. At least offer a quantity discount. This would show a lot of good faith and appreciation for all the backers who helped fund your startup. I know everyone here on Kickstarter would appreciate some support and love in this department. Seriously! Kent What annoys me is the apparently absence of a plan. Previously published delivery dates, we remember February for batch1, Q2 for batch2, beta shipments right after CES, etc become silently obsolete one after the other. All the marketing hype has created mile high expectations which makes it harder to fulfill with every event, I understand that, but it would be good to share a comprehensive roadmap with us backers. But in the end I guess it doesn't matter. It won't make them release any faster. And my vested interest in dogging them is waning since my window of intended use is quickly closing. I can only hope now for a spring delivery and some freak spring snowstorms. A few years ago I had one of my most epic powder days near the end of May, so I suppose there's always hope. Might have to start doing stupid things on mountain bikes this summer... Kevin, that's what I'm saying. Things should be happening. Things are more than likely happening. Problems are likely being solved. New problems found. I don't see why these have to be saved up for a month before updating us. This project is months behind schedule, keeping the people that made this project possible in the loop should be important to them. Touching on what you said to Victor about not understanding Kickstarter. Helico should realize that if they had raised the money through other means that the investors would be DEMANDING timely updates (probably would have been written into the contract). They didn't answer all those questions 2 weeks ago, they brought up that they were having a few more R&D problems and left it at that, with no updated schedule or estimated time to solve the problems. The beta test program is also another huge mystery. Do they have their units? Are they finding all sorts of problems? Or is everything going great and shipping will commence this month? No idea... @Victor Go If you went to court, i don't think you could possibly win, but if they said they would give a refund, then they should. I also don't think you understood the concept of Kickstarter, and it is a very fair to keep going on because YOU are not satisfied, they are in existence, they have not lied, they have had to move dates for sure, but to give you a working product. What your posts do affect the ability for them to run as a business in the future by giving people what is effectively a very biased opinion. They could simply of said no to you, but they didn't according to you. I hope you get the answer you want from them next week though. @Sebastian They have been a lot better than other projects i have backed, a hell of a lot better. But i get where you are coming from, there is a big chunk of change involved, so i do believe the updates should be a little more frequent. @Duncan Dubick I thought they answered most of the question you are asking 2 weeks ago, not sure how much further they would of got by now, but i would expect something to be happening, i doubt very much they are sitting back rubbing there hands counting the money, they have staff to pay, and getting this out and in the hands of people if it is a good working drone, can only make them more money, so there is no benefit to keep us waiting for no reason. I am happy what i know for now, but i would expect an update soon. I will also say, the more people that email the more time they spend answering emails, i get it can be annoying, i have emailed twice this week and had responses both times, the questions where not anything to do with kickstarter backing itself, but they have replied to me. I most definitely know testing is ongoing, and i know they are working there hardest to get this right for ALL of us...! Lets hope they have some positive news for the backers sometime soon and put to rest the uneasiness that is starting to shine through, it certainly doesn't help in my opinion... Next time I will start a kickstarter to cheat people's money then hahaha since this is the concept. Better than buying stocks. Victor Go; you seem to have totally missed the point about Kickstarter. This is not a webshop were you are entilted to your money back if you don't recieve a product reward. Kickstarter is a way to support projects and buisnesses (in a similar way to buying stock - but without getting any stocks, you might get a product reward instead) if the company/project succedes you get a reward, if they don't you loose your money. This is something you have to take into account when you invest your money in kickstarter projects. As a kickstarter backer you are not entitled to any refund. (If you have preordered through Airdogs webpage there is acompletely different matter ofcourse) If you don't really get this I suggest you stay away from kickstarter in the future. Airdog has promised me a refund latest by next week. But my hope is not high. But certainly I will chased them till they do it. May be with legal actions if they are not doing it. A little melodramatic Sebastian but I agree. 2 weeks since the last update and barely a peep out of Helico. There must be a ton of activities happening (there better be) which could be communicated with small status updates but we get nothing. They love their big video updates around once a month. Beta test status? Feedback? R&D status? Lidar/Airleash GPS Antenna? Procurement status? All jigs made yet? Manufacturing status? Expected turnaround once all parts ready? Instead of saving all of this stuff up for a month and shoving it all into a huge update I'm sure someone could spend a couple of minutes a day writing an update. Or heck... even at the end of each week. But I've said all this before... and was obviously ignored. I am no longer excited about getting this product as I know that ski season will be done by the time I get it and that was my main use for it. I fully expect something better to come out from another company before the next season (or Airdog 2.0 to be available with all of the bugs worked out). Imagine a world... where the Airdog was delivered.... where updates where plentiful and backers got replies to their emails.... this is a world that i long for... where address surveys and shipping dates meant something but alas... this it seems is not the case, where backers believed in a product and dreamed it into reality with their hard earned cash making sure that it was a breathing living creature only to have the very creature turn its back on us and thus get shunned away as if they never helped this animal Helico. let me go to bed and dream about the Airdog as it seems that is as close as i will ever get to her. Has there been an address survey already? I vaguely recall that there was a survey last year but that was for preferred color only, not shipping address, right? Will this cause FAA to implement tighter regulations on drones in USA? Secret Service investigating drone found on White House grounds Updated yesterday at 09:54 PM WASHINGTON (BLOOMBERG) - The US Secret Service recovered a remote- controlled small drone on the White House grounds overnight and is investigating how it got there, a federal official said. The device found is a quadcopter, a commercially available device that costs a few hundred dollars, said the official, who asked for anonymity because the information isn't yet public. White House press secretary Josh Earnest declined to characterize the device earlier Monday, saying only that "it does not pose any sort of ongoing threat to anybody at the White House." President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama are in New Dehli on a diplomatic mission to forge closer ties with India. Their two daughters, Sasha and Malia, remained in the US though it wasn't clear whether the girls were at the White House at the time. The Secret Service, which has undergone a management upheaval following several security breaches at the Executive Mansion, didn't immediately respond to requests for information. Four top Secret Service officials were removed from their jobs in early January as part of an agency overhaul in the wake of high-profile security lapses. Meanwhile, the Federal Aviation Administration is working to develop rules for the use of small drones after 193 reports of drones flying near aircraft, buildings or crowds from Feb. 22 through Nov. 11, 2014. The most common commercially available quadcopters, such as SZ DJI Technology Co.'s Phantom 2, weigh only a few pounds and frequently come equipped with a camera. Entry-level small drones must be flown within a short distance of the operator because the radio-control signal has a limited range. Models may be equipped with better radios and video controls, which enable a pilot to fly the craft over longer distances. While the device didn't pose a threat to the Obamas, it came on the heels of several other security breaches at the White House. An outside panel of experts concluded late in 2014 that the Secret Service must beef up its training and change its leadership and culture in light of security mishaps and a **** scandal in 2012 that drew scrutiny from lawmakers and White House officials. It recommended that the next director come from outside the agency. A report by the Department of Homeland Security in November painted a devastating picture of one of the most concerning security lapses, which it blamed on inadequate training, poor communications and lax patrols. In the September incident, a man jumped the White House fence, dashed across the north lawn and slipped into the Executive Mansion through an unlocked door. He was not apprehended until he was near the stairs to the president's residence. Since shortly after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, it has been illegal to fly planes, including unmanned aircraft, over Washington without special approval. The US Federal Aviation Administration permits drones to be flown by hobbyists provided the flight is purely for recreation and follows safety guidelines, such as flying no higher than 400 feet above the ground. The rules also say they shouldn't be flown in populated areas or within 5 miles of an airport, both of which would prohibit a flight near the White House. Reagan National Airport is in Virginia across the Potomac River from Washington. <url>"some frustration" but i kind of get that you are leaning towards trying to justify your own cancellation (if you do indeed cancel) by encouraging others to do the same... The airdog, from what i have seen is far more capable than anything else out there, and has kind of proved itself time and time again against the competition, and there price point i think is about right, yes they may be cheaper in the future, when costs of components etc come down due to bulk manufacturing, but i don't see it happening just yet... As for the leash, i bought 2 of these for a very specific reason, action sports, and i do NOT want to be getting my £700 phone out of my pocket while racing down a hill to make some adjustments, so the leash IS the way forward. Tech companies sometimes face a backlash, there is another company suffering that right now, and they have been in the game for years, and the tech goes in goggles, yet they made changes to there software that put them at risk purely by cutting down and removing so many features that the companies that backed them, now have to decide wether to refund very expensive goggles as they no longer do what they say they would...! I Cannot see Airdog putting themselves in this position, they are striving to be the best at what they set out to do, and have not wavered from that stand point, unlike the competition, who found out just how hard it would be, and are now making inferior products that have nothing like what where promised to there backers... I would suggest that you either stick with it, or apply for your refund, but personally, i do not think it is fair to Airdog to post as much as you do with negative comments about a product that as of now is only 2 months late... And by delivery is likely to be only 4 months late, which in the tech category, is pretty good going... The airdog is targeted at extreme sports. Most of us will be too busy participating in our activity to deal with gestures. I would also guess that the pixhawk pattern recognition is a long way from detecting an extreme athlete in all forms. And yes there is nothing stopping someone else from getting into the game, but the "big boys" haven't yet. And anyone else seems to be further behind airdog. I also don't see any evidence that they will come in at a lower price point (although a couple of other crowdfunding campaigns have cheaper drones, they don't list their after campaign prices) Will the price come down? Probably, eventually, that is the cost you pay for being an early adopter. Get something now, or wait a few years and get it a bit cheaper. There are some cool technologies out there, such as skydio. But they are just getting started, and perhaps their software will make it into a future airdog. Airdog is close to shipping their first product. And the leash should be far superior to a smart phone. The question here is a leash really necessary when Pixhawk does image recognition and gesture recognition? Well let's hope they are successful, I hope there are enough people in this niche area to support them. After all Airdog do not produce their own flight controller. Therefore, they are limited by 3DR in terms of how far they can go. Nothing is stopping DJI, Align and etc to produce something similar at a lower price point. My suspicion on why they are not too interested in this market is due to the small community which only Airdog can provide. Victor thanks for that link, but that appears to be pure speculation and rumor. It would be great to see some actual official documents that support this. The only thing I've seen from the FAA is that they plan on updating the rules later this year or next. As far as your naysaying against Airdog... The majority of the other "similar drones" emerging have a very similar price point (if not higher) and none of them are offering a leash. And as far as I can tell, nothing else is available today anyways. <url>"scare" people. So my question is: How far are we from receiving the product in the mail? 3 months? 6? I am an original backer, my pledge was for a full unit with 2 remotes, I have not received the product yet nor I get any update from the guys who got the money. Did any of you here received the air dog yet ??? Hi folks Any word on being able to add a 6/7 receiver and pilot the drone manually. This was touted in the early days and anis important capability for me. In the latest update, post CES, there no mention of this. Going to have to assume that whatever you're reading applies to commercial use only. Or you could provide a link.... It is about to be implemented discussion on LinkedIn. Victor where are you reading this? Currently FAA requires no such thing as you can see on their website: <url>"That survey doesn't seem to exist. The web address you typed doesn't seem to belong to any survey we know about. It may have moved or been deleted by it's owner. You might want to contact them and let them know!" Air dog is alive, well and looked great at CES. Spoke to all and came away super excited. The gimbal is both a work of art & seems very sturdy. They are committed to making this product the best it can be. Now with a watch or a phone case delays would be tardy and poor project management. With something that FLIES it is essential they get it right and we, in the name of Kickstarters, give them the slack to do so. I want the product as much as the next person but I also an experienced drone flyer and don't want to take risks flying something that has not been tested and tested and tested!!! They also found and returned my lost iPad - not that that makes me biased - just a reflection of the integrity of the staff. I'm sure we will all get some answers as soon as they get back to the office start of the week... I can imagine how crazy this last week has been and still having to keep all of us happy as well...! As we know, beta testers are due to have them sent out as well, so that should give us more answers, and i am assuming, but do not know, but maybe the beta drones have a longer term roll in this, that it will involve any updates that need to be checked before pushing out to everyone... Just a thought, that everyone is saying about how much testing they need to do, but the reality, is that it may be that testing is just a short term exercise with a long term view...! I am looking forward to getting an update this week anyway...! I don't quite understand all the naysayers. I don't see any other product on the market, nor any other product catching up (as other products are also delayed). They just won Best of CES. I'm sure they also understand the issues with indefinite delays. As far as competition, Zano isn't really in the same ballpark (at least not now) with only a 5mega pix camera (where do you see that this is modular, and what can it be replaced with? Ahh I see its in the updates, but it can only be replaced with a Zano camera?) Swarming is a cool concept, but this device as well as others will rely too much on having a smart phone. While it is great that you can control the device via a smart phone, I'm going to be too busy participating in the sport to control the camera. Not everyone does the same sport as you, 45mph is going to barely cut it for me. AirDog is targeted at extreme sports. I don't zano being targeted at that. As a backer I still feel comfortable getting AirDog delivered in Q1. Better said, I can't understand some of your assumptions & statements and I'm still not sure if this discussion bores or amuses me. But maybe this just belongs to a kickstarter project like having delay in planned timeline... ;-) @David I totally agree with you, and finally some see my point. Airdog can design the best drones and have the prototype, but dies while producing it due to cash flow. End up we all get nothing, not even refund. I rather get something that is 80% good and get a version 2 after the refine it. Cash is King in start up. $1m don't last very long. @Chris, Sorry it's Zano Ug I hate autocorrect. Well actually Zano has a 1080P camera which is modular. It can be pulled and replaced but 4k has a data issue... There's too much to deal with so 1080P should last for a while. And I understand down hill runs on a bike or skis will be over 25 but really how often will you do that and not have issues with trees. All the videos from air dog are highly edited, but I will say in the last video they left in the part where the dog was really confused by the path the 4 wheeler was taking. It's not in the video as seen from the dog but it is seen by the second camera. I think the dog is great but delays give competition time to catch up and cash flow in a startup is king... While Airdog may be "improving" themselves into obsolescence, the Zane is designed to be obsolete, at least camera wise. The Airdog can handle a couple of Heros and Sony's camera, and the Hero 5 will probably work, Zane will have a 5mega pix cam... And some of us will be using Airdog at over 25mph. @Stephen I disagree read ther starter page it has 25 mph capability and a follow me program. I cannot get my bike on a flat to go 25 miles an hour for very long so the speed of the dog may be overkill. The electronics look smart from a business stand point you can plan for and add extra capability you can tap into with software etc and stacked PCBs allow for modules improvements. It can also have multiple units focused on the same point. (Swarming) Air dog appears to be "improving" themselves into obsolescence. If I had to bet it would be on the Zane for its design, price point and future same sale to owners(upgrades) hopefully I am wrong time will tell... @Michael you saw the old timeline. They are not really updating their website too. Information are old. I share your disappointment too. Can they add a web cam in their office so we can monitor what they are doing? One web cam in each department. Big congrats to Team Helico on the Best of CES Robot or Drone award by Engadget! There was some really stiff competition out there! I also noticed it was the #2 story on CNN technology this morning. Hope to see some AirDogs out there soon! Oh wait, I see Kickstarter has already announced under the "Production Timeline" that airdog delivered to kick starters in Nov? It's nice when Kickstarter announces "Funded" and the huge amount above and beyond the initial amount, perhaps they should also included an announcement when Kickstarter orders are filled or delivery deadline missed. I don't trust the "First Batch: Feb15 2nd Batch: Q2, when did this appear? If Airdog assigns 10 beta units for testing after CES how long do you think it will take to conduct testing? The task of conducting beta testing, compile the data, discover problems, fix problems, continue testing, finalize specs, complete the order of parts, assembles, test and fulfill orders, etc. Seems like this could be a lengthy process. At what point do we select colors, include accessories with our orders, etc? Even-though Airdog has all my info I do not receive email updates although I did receive a email asking me to vote them #1 New Product at CES. Otherwise I have to scour the web, Facebook, website, blogs to find updates. I'm concerned and disappointed that the Kickstarters that helped a company requesting 200K receive more than 1.3mil in orders are not kept updated on their investment. Does anyone know the CES15 Promo Code? I just realised that it would be awesome if they shipped in Feb and I actually got my airdog for my ski trip at the end of Feb. But it would be the ultimate kick in the teeth if they ship and it arrives at home while I'm on the trip! Anyway... I'll hope. Would also be awesome to be able to order accessories to come with my shipment as I asked yesterday. Do we get the CES promo gift? � Ya just found on airdog.com. First batch: Feb 2015 2nd batch: Q2 2015 <url>— there are mounts for GoPros and Sony's action cams) as you bike through rugged trails or bomb down ski slopes. AirDog can fly at up to 40 mph, and uses a suite of five sensors to virtually leash itself to an armband, which also features buttons to send the drone airborne, or bring it back to Earth. It can stay aloft for 20 minutes per battery change, but users can also swap in a spare battery. Again, there isn't a ton of difference between this model's features and what's found on the two existing auto-follow drones, but Helico plans to make design changes following a beta test period, which kicks off later this month. Their goal is to have a product ready by the middle of 2016, for around $1,300. [Helico Aerospace Industries AirDog; around $1,300; airdog.com] @Creator you stated in a Facebook comment that we are getting 'very close to shipping'. Then why do we STILL not have pricing or a place to order extra batteries for our kickstarter orders? An airdog with one battery will have very limited use. Also it was promised that we would be able to order a second Airleash at the kickstarter price, when and where can we opt in for that? And I've mentioned before that spare parts will need to be available because you know... Drones crash. Nice vidéo @creator good to know that the R&D team is working hard. I hope the CES will not throw the schedule off. New video posted on Airdog's FB group: <url>"time to market" is critical. Each month that they extend is money burned. Cash flow is a huge issue. There are many company that go bust with great products due to cash flow. Anyway, we will see. @Justin I agree the wait is not cool, especially when I am posting this from the ski resort, but I fully understand the need to get it right. People seem to be impatient and very quick to gripe and complain these days. And it is not in the spirit of what kickstartet is. I am still hopeful for an early to mid March delivery if things go as they should, and that for me is good enough. And I really hope things go well at CES for airdog and the beta testers get them quickly to start doing what is needed... @ Victor, I have said this before and I'm saying it again. We get your frustration. And for your needs the Pixhawk controller can be sufficient. Too bad you spent money on something that you don't need. But for most of the backers here, the functionality that Helico is trying to implement in the AirDog, actually is very much wanted/needed for their field of use. So I understand your gripe, but don't blame Helico for trying to deliver a monkey-proof drone that is usable by inexperienced pilots who just want to film themselves when riding down a slope/track or when they are doing some wake-boarding or whatever without needing to worry about the drone crashing all the time or retrieving it from the trees every run. If you realize too late that this drone was not for you, then you only got yourself to blame, because up to this far Helico has not deviated from their initial plan of what kind of drone they are building. They have only provided more features to accomplish said goal. And in case you think this is still your kind of drone, then delays for these kinds of projects are normal. They are even mentioned in the Kickstarter terms of use. I also hate the fact that there are delays. I also would have wanted it to arrive before this snowboard season, which I already planned late this year (March). But I also kept in the back of my mind that these kind of projects almost always miss their initial target delivery dates to prevent me from disappointment. Maybe you should have done the same thing. No offense of course, so please don't take it as a personal thing. See it as constructive criticism. Just sharing my point of view here. :) @Stephan, Thanks for sharing the video. I have already experienced what it can and cannot do, and I think it is good enough. We have tested it with someone on bike, and it is flowing it well. We even try it indoor with sonar, and it could keep itself from hitting stuff indoor. To me that is pretty good already. Covers what I will need 80% of the time. The Pixhawk controller is very powerful, and allows people to tweak some parameters to customize it to what people need. Folks, give them the time to get ready for CES. I am sure we will receive plenty of news during the show. @Victor, you may look here to get an impression what you can do and cannot do yet with the 3DR FollowMe technology as it stands right now: <url>"The next update is already in progress. We are shooting it today and tomorrow so it will be posted on Sunday or Monday the latest." That's fine, and I don't want to sound ungrateful, but may I make a suggestion? An update doesn't have to be a video. You can write a few paragraphs about your progress in a tenth the time it takes to shoot and edit a cool video. We've seen enough videos to convince us that the product will perform as promised. What we're interested in now is how you're moving toward shipping it, and we don't need videos for that. Just tell us, OK? We can all read. And a simple plain-English description of what's happening, if posted regularly, will go a long way toward assuaging backer concerns. @ Duncan thanks for vocalising what I think most of us are feeling. It's a little disappointing to have missed the original shipping date, but then leaving such a long period between updates is almost worse because we are just left wondering what is going on. @Creator thank you for the heads up, I'm looking forward to the update...(I hope) PLEASE make an effort to communicate more frequently! Now that you're going to miss your promised ship date us backers are going to be getting very uneasy and possibly angry. Communication goes a long way to putting us at ease. How hard is it to sit down at the end of every week and jot down some quick notes of the progress that has been made and post them to kickstarter? Each update doesn't have to be some jaw dropping development. Just tell us what's happening. Give us good and bad. A month between updates is unacceptable in my mind considering we were supposed to have shipped by now. I think i have found me the one, i can cut slots in the bottom for the strap to still work, and it will fit with no issues as well with the size, so i can lock it in and still strap it...! <url>"pilot with 2nd leash" who would remain in control of the drone... I am just wondering if this is possible, or something you would consider as a cheaper leash with no display or buttons for that purpose... For this year, i think i can probably get a plastic box from an electrical store or similar to achieve this, by simply placing the entire unit inside, so as not to void warranty etc... Regards This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for the latest insight @creator. Any idea when we can expect the latest update? For FPV we can't use anything in the 900 range as that is the frequency that Telecommunications run on in Norway so subject to interference, also, you must be in sight, and we have a 4 mile ban on Airports, and Military bases, airports can be subjective, as some farmers have airstrips, and you are subject to 4 miles from them as well as glider airdromes as well... Gonna look up excactly what the deal is, but i haven't done so yet as FPV doesn't interest me that much, and certainly not with the Airdog, i would use my DJI 2+ for that... Also... 1000 posts now, what a fantastic achievement when you consider that most of the stuff here is helpful and very very little is **** or stupid questions... Go Airdog...! @Creator is the Airleash using bluetooth or a 433/915MHz radio (or something else)? A FPV Tx is subject to your country-specific regulations in terms of allowed frequency and output power. Therefore it makes sense to purchase your FPV gear separately. In general you should avoid purchasing an FPV Tx transmitting on 2.4GHz since this would interfere with WIFI, Bluetooth and RC devices and so with the Airleash. @Duncan I believe they will provide their own video tx optionally. I remember reading the comments that the choice of tx was a bit tricky because it could cause some kind of interference and malfunction of the unit. I imagine that this is the reason for the dedicated place. One of the posts on facebook got me thinking and I really hope you guys already included this in your design. For FPV (or any video tx), all you guys really need to do is provide a correctly sized hole for an SMA antenna port on the outside of the shell for us to mount an antenna extension cable that runs to whatever tx we want to mount inside. Could be either a punch out or a hole with a rubber plug installed by default. Also for things like this inside the frame, will there be anywhere for us to get power from without modifying the wiring (thus voiding our warranty) - hopefully with a standard connector? Thanks in advance. Really hope you guys thought of this. :D @ creator, Is there also some more news on the new planned delivery dates? Will it be beginning of Q1 2015 or more to the end of Q1 2015? Or is it already more going towards Q2 2015? I have planned a snowboard trip in the end of March and I really hope I can bring the drone with me! @Creator, Just wondering if you had a time frame in mind for beta tester selection and shipping of test units? Thanks @Creator, Having a discussion over on the forum, and the daylight issue we have in winter arose over the time the beta testers would need, and it occurred to me, that nobody has asked wether or not we can fly at night, and what kind of problems we would have, i ride a floodlit slope, so not dark dark, but is it even possible to fly in these conditions...??? I understand that the ground avoidance, would not be upto the same standard we could or should expect as daylight, but is this something that is possible with care at least...??? So how many have signed up for the forum from here, i know it is an unofficial forum, but a great place for the chats with all things Airdog, and the creators post on there as well. <url>"...I hope you realize that the ultrasonic and optical flow sensors are pretty standard add-ons for the apm and pix hawk controllers." Actually no. Usage of the optical flow sensor on APM is very experimental and so far I am only aware of a Robotics research project at the ETH Zuerich. Also, the usage of sonic sensors I have not seen in consumer drones so far. The DJI Inspire seems to me the first one leveraging this technology in mass production. But again, lets not compare the Inspire with the Airdog. Two completely different use cases, and addressing different target audiences. @ Victor Go, You say you are going the be 'objective' and 'keep your eyes open', but apparently you kept your eyes shut when reading the specifications and mission statement of AirDog. Seriously, from what you are stating, your intended use of AirDog is something completely different then what it is designed for. What you want is indeed the DJI Inspire. So I understand that you start to regret that you backed this project, but don't blame Helico for it. Blame yourself for not putting enough consideration into your decision when backing up this project. . Helico so far has shown that they: * Can back up all their statements and promises with an actual working prototype (except their ground collision avoidance sensor system, which they will probably demonstrate sometime soon as well). * Keep improving the drone (even when it could have taken it to production already) to keep ahead of the competition and give us users the best experience possible. * Shown great effort into making this the best action sports drone out there, also for time to come, by using well thought out concepts (like AirLeash, foldable bodywork, a geofence type of area avoidance and the ground collision avoidance sensor). * Have only delayed their release date by a small margin. Which is to be expected with a project as complex as AirDog and is also stated as a general remark on the FAQ section of Kickstarter (<url>#faq_41859). Having only a delay of a few months for a last minute design change decision is very acceptable in terms of engineering. I'm very sure that they did not take this decision lightly, hence the radio silence of several weeks before this announcement was made. . So I would like to suggest that you stop venting your misplaced accusations. I'm normally very open-minded towards someone his opinions and remarks, but what you are doing seems unjustified and feels like rousing. So that's why am lashing out now... Victor, I hope you realize that the ultrasonic and optical flow sensors are pretty standard add-ons for the apm and pix hawk controllers. But you'll never get follow technology indoors as the two units need positioning data to compare to. One option would be a stationary hovering drone with optical flow sensor, a 3d gimbal, and a tracking technology like ir-lock. @Victor, I agree with Kevin in thinking you have the target market for Airdog slightly confused. Its not meant to be a professional cinema quality, camera rig, with FPV and camera control. But it is like the GoPro camera itself - it can be used as film-making tool, but 90% of the time just to capture someones sports experience on the weekend. The Airdog is aimed at the 'regular joe' with no RC experiance - it is 'plug & play', compact, and hardy - perfect for capturing an action sports experience not necessarily a visual masterpiece. @ Victor, I'm a little confused, you backed Airdog because you wanted to fly indoors without gps and this was one of the key features for buying it...? That was never a feature, never promised as a feature without additional remote. And as it was always marketed as an action drone it was never going to be what other drones offered. It still is very different to any other drone currently developed, apart from Hexo+ and we have all seen where they where with there videos and to date, I am still not convinced there edits are anything other than a sham. Airdog is far from just being on paper as well, it is well down the road from that. And I'm sure the ground avoidance is what it will need to be. I don't get why people become so negative because something else is now "almost" available at 3 times the price and still not able to do what the item you ordered can... Well, the excitement of Airdog is wearing of with all the new drones popping out with similar ability. What AirDog promised is still very much on paper. How well can we trust the ground collision? We need to wait and see. But currently DJI already has production drones that can fly indoor without GPS. That is one of the key features which I was hopping Airdog could do, and now others are having such features in production model. $2899(USD) is not that much more expensive if you add in HD FPV, a proper remote control and the ability to control the camera remotely. To fully suit up Airdog for FPV may eventually cost just as much, and may not be as polished and elegant. A 2 axis gimbal can never match a 3 axis gimbal for a smooth video. I know some of you are great fans of Airdog, but sorry I am going to stay objective and have my eyes open to what others have to offer. Begin to regret sign up as backer. @Stephan - I tend to agree that Aspire isn't targeted at the AirDOg market, but what does make things more interesting will be if DJI chooses to release the fight control system to the market. Still won't be airdog, but will 100% be entertaining. Well, it's a bit too early to judge the Ghost it's abilities when it comes to auto-follow. That specific video shows nothing more then a very basic intro and you can see what crowd the drone is aimed at. But I have seen nothing that indicates that this drone is able in do proper auto-following when doing action sports. It seems to be a user friendly drone that can do a little bit of everything, but is not great at anything specific. Same goes for the DJI drone posted a bit earlier. Don't get me wrong, it seems to be an awesome drone. But way more expensive (€3299,-) and again, not really an action sports auto-follow drone. Much more a drone for aerial film- and photography. So far, all the competitors out there have a release date further in the future then Helico. And none of them so far has shown the same level of considiration going into the drone and/or has the same potential. I agree with Duncan and Kevin on this. So far I have not had a single doubt that I should have spent my money on any other drone. Ooooh an upmarket ar drone, that is basically all it is...! Certainly not an action sports drone... Did you watch the Ghost drone's auto-follow demo video? Six seconds of flying in a straight line! I almost fell out of my chair laughing. If you thought Hexo+'s demos were lame, this tops 'em all! ;-) guys, the DJI inspire comes with a combined ultrasonic sensor plus a downward facing stereo camera to determine Position in non GPS environments. With a price tag of 3K bucks (including a Lightbridge HD video Bridge and Tx) its certainly aiming at advanced Amateur photographers and entry level professional use. The specs are impressive: <url>"other" company and see how many replies etc they are posting, there updates etc. At least we have contact and updates. Victor, The only auto-follow functionality I know of that's currently available is the follow-me mode of the apm/pixhawk, which as I understand it is very basic and somewhat hard to get working properly. Everything else (hexo/plexi/airdog) is not available yet. Airdog still has the closest estimated release timeframe and also has a much more robust (advertised) set of tracking modes. I don't know what you're trying to achieve with your comments but I'm sure that Helico knows what's at stake. I am also disappointed by the delay but I still think that AirDog will be the best drone for action sports when it is released. I haven't seen any other material that makes me think that I should have put my money elsewhere. None of the other projects that have been mentioned here would be suitable for filming the type of sports I will be using it for. I would have even taken AirDog without the ground collision sensor as it would still be usable with good planning and situational awareness. It's inevitable that something better will be released sometime afterwards but I still think that Helico has a large leap over the competition. Hopefully they continue to improve after release. Unless you count the ground as an object. Airdog is loosing ground as they delay their launch. This will greatly impact their sales and niche. There are so many drones that does autonomous flying. Airdog cannot claim to be the first auto follow drone now. I don't see anywhere that says it has an object avoidance system... I don't think it follows you, not sure where you got that, what it has is a system for object avoidance inside that it uses as a stabilization system as well instead of gps. It is a very clever machine, but more entry level pro unit for people that will film commercially. Like weddings etc. Yep, it can follow a target indoor without a leash. There is no collision avoidance on the inspire... It has an optical flow sensor which helps it keep position without GPS. <url>"hill" as it comes into the path of the copter because its always looking at where it come from not where its going. Remember at 40MPH the copter is moving 58 feet down hill every second. The pop up action which is the only action that the sensor will drive has to be at least one to one to get a 45 degree escape angle. It has to be even better that 1 to 1 for a higher angle of attack. Helicon is bitting off a big engineering problem and I wish them the best I know I will enjoy the marvel when it arrives. "The novelty and niche for this drone will wear off with each delays as other drones are catching up fast on tech advancement." You and Duncan are both right--the competition is hot on Helico's heels (as I've said before), so they can't afford too much of a delay. A month or so, yes. But more than that could be risky. The novelty and niche for this drone will wear off with each delays as other drones are catching up fast on tech advancement. I will be getting a Pixhawk soon to look into programming it myself. There are so many accessories that can be attached to a Pixhawk to customize it's unique functions, the possibility is endless. Andy, While there will be other winters, chances are that there will be more advanced products available for next winter. While I would like ground avoidance I don't know if I would trade it for a 4 month delay. I appreciate that the delay is especially disappointing for those who wanted to use the AirDog in winter sports this year. Heck, I'm disappointed myself, because I've been staying in some spectacular campsites (currently overlooking the gorge of the Virgin River in Utah) and would love to have been able to photograph them with something better than my $65 WLToys V262 drone. But Helico has made a decision to add a feature--ground avoidance--that they feel is important, and that I certainly would like to have... especially since it's a free "extra" that I didn't even expect to get when I backed this project. So let's not get carried away with gloom and doom. Rather than pessimistically assume that "Q1, 2015" means "late March," we could just as easily assume it means "early January." I've mentioned before that I always mentally add a couple of months to the promised delivery dates for any Kickstarter project I back, because with a new product there are just too many variables to accurately predict the final ship date nine months in advance. A January AirDog ship date wouldn't surprise me at all. There will be other winters. Let's give the team at Helico time to do the job right, even if it means missing the upcoming ski season. I'd rather have a drone that works superbly out of the box than one that has bugs and quirks. Well I am confident this is the right choice. To be fair, not much if any testing has happened on snow, and this needs to be addressed with the ground detection, it is all good for me, and the update, while a little dissapointing, is not a surprise... I think we all need to sit tight, and let them do what they need to do. And as long as the updates are regular, and they move forward, then we should not be complaining, it doesn't help much... @ David Pruitt, The quad-copters I've flown over the years can stop on a dime (with manual control) - so is the reaction time your talking about just the computing time of the software in the Airdog? I would think it would be pretty fast also? "While we do not have a confirmed date yet, we believe we will be able to ship the first units in Q1, 2015." @creator, are you kidding? A few weeks back you reconfirmed that everything is on track for November delivery, now you cannot even provide a precise date anymore? A month of delay is fine, two month would be ok, but this answer for me this indicates the project is completely doomed. Why dont you drop the ground collision prevention feature for version 1 and get a basic version shipped NOW at least for us backers? It was not part of the original spec, and you know as good as us that no one on the market has accomplished yet a reliable obstacle avoidance in this price range at the advertised speeds if the Airdog. Or is this just an excuse that the rest is also in flux? I'd appreciate some comments to raise my confidence level. And please no more BS sports clips but rather facts. Frankly speaking, I have mixed feelings about my investment ..... @ Stephan and Sam, The below should have been directed at both of you sorry Sam didn't mean to leave you out. Hey maybe we can get military grade ground detection, my friend in the said the system had settings with the most accurate and fast reaction time nicknamed the "barf" setting. May make the videos something to see...� @stephan Sorry it a long one... Actually it's not distance the creators have to take into account its reaction time for collision avoidance. The speed of travel of the copter dictates at what distance the sensor needs to gather obstacle data. The max speed of the copter coupled with reaction time for lift plus a margin for safety and you have your minimum distance. It then is possible to pick a laser system to meet your requirement. While laser are quick they are not efficient energy wise ... but they can be pulsed which helps. I liked sonar for its ability to see trees and branches as a solid objects ( hopefully). The scanning Acoustic tomography machines we use at work are cool but they have limitations, these actually use a traditional sonar (water based) to see inside objects and have high frequency. The sonar for the copter will require a pulse and receiver, the pressure wave has to get past the prop wash impact the ground and return. The power of the pulse diminishes with distance quickly and it will likely only pickup the surface it is directly pointed at ( it needs a perpidicular surface to hit think stealth bomber all surfaces send the signal somewhere other than back at the receiver) Oh and depending on the needed distance for sensing the pressure wave may require a lot of energy shortening flight time.. The creators have a lot of work to do if they are going to add the sensor... They really could just add a flight mode in the software call "downhill" or set up the software to detect a down hill run and require the copter to always be in front of the skier not allowing it to violate that position. It solves the problem shown on the video and would be way faster to implement. Can't wait to start filming all the fun. A possible 4 month delay (worst case end of Q1)? Your original timeframe from kickstarter to delivery was 4 months (Aug-Nov). At least I might have a little bit of ski season left. Not going to get too worked up yet since you're still figuring things out. @creator, so what is the new timeline with the current delay in the new design? @ David Ah ok, maybe laser would work better? Do you know what sort of range they have for ground detection? Nice idea about using a laser range detector. The Farnel device mentioned in the linked article is a bargain for just 4100 US$. And if laser works better on outdoor surfaces like snow, soil, concrete, water,.. has yet to be proven.... @sam Thanks for the link, but read the fine print, the snow issue is assumed its water that's transparent...its at the bottom of the link page which makes since I use lasers for work, and the freqency has a lot to do with energy absorption and reflectance. Heck even transparent glass has a reflectance. Sonar will work but the sensor are expensive and readings can be affected by thermals gradients as well as prop wash. Laser range finders are small and cheap and can form a line scan, either way it's going to be fun. @David Pruitt Laser range finders work well but can fail in one key area that would effect a lot of Airdog users - anywhere above Snow. On the other hand sonar is a tried a tested method for ground detection in multicopters. Have a read comparing the two here -<url>"branches" @me I have to learn to read my posts. I should have said I would use a laser range finder for ground avoidance. No wash issues as pointed out by Sam. I suggested sonar to the creators quite some time ago in a pm. I think it's would work best for trees etc since it would see the beaches and leaves as a large object of course the small wires etc would be out but you can't have everything. I liked Andys bat story, got to give Mother Nature credit for being first at just about everything. @justin yes the camera points at the leash sort of it's not that accurate, check all the videos they have been edited heavy. The one thing the gimbal has is pivot points, and you don't have to place the sensor at the end on the second axis. It can be right at the connecting point for the first gimbal arm which tends to be level as the body tilts. No reason to tilt in the second axis. This all assumes the dog is pointed down hill of course, and to play Devils advocate, it smacks at a time grab for the creators don't get me wrong I like ground avoidance but you can solve the problem with height if the copter is higher then there's no issue or if it's in front of the leash, and for those guys who are thinking they get a better shot close up well you can add some telephoto to the camera to keep it and the copter out of harms way. Really if you want ground avoidance I would a low power laser rang finder that way you could just set a distance in meters or feet, and pulse the ground with almost instant feedback. Either way I cant wait for the fun to begin. @Justin: I definitely think @creator is right in their mounting position - mostly to do with wash from the props interfering with the sensor. Have a read here - <url>"Even though shipment will be delayed, the ground-avoidance feature (which was not even promised in the Kickstarter campaign--this is a no-cost bonus, folks!) is well worth waiting for" ^Agreed! Thanks @Creator for going above and beyond to deliver the best product to your backers. I join Andrew and others in applauding the latest update. This is the kind of solid, detailed information we've been wanting. Even though shipment will be delayed, the ground-avoidance feature (which was not even promised in the Kickstarter campaign--this is a no-cost bonus, folks!) is well worth waiting for. Like Andrew, I'd much rather have the best Airdog than receive a rushed version. I look forward to more of these technical updates from the Helico team. @creator Thanks for being transparent with the latest update. It's disappointing we won't be receiving our Airdogs in the proposed release date, but I'd much rather have the best Airdog than receive a rushed version. Thanks and keep us updated team. What will the "ground sensor" be? Ultrasonic, LIDAR-LEDAR or something else? @Creator - No mention of a battery in the recent update - has one been decided on/which one? If you plan on implementing a ground detection sensor, why can you implement an object detection sensor? Hi Airdog Backers, If you haven't seen it yet there is a new forum online for Airdog-<url>"Cmon guys. As I mentioned before the polished videos are nice but a steady stream of written updates would be MUCH better. You don't have to sell us on the product anymore, we're all committed!" You took the words right out of my mouth, Duncan. We don't need any more videos of Helico engineers' computer screens, or walk-arounds of their workspace. Give us plain talk in plain text, but give us detail, and plenty of it. You're not making a sales pitch any more--you're talking to your users. For example, if you're delivering the first batch in less than 30 days, then I have to assume your user manual is already written. I mean, you're not foolish enough to leave that till the very last minute, right? So how about posting a draft version in PDF format, so we can familiarize ourselves with AirDog's operation? You'll gain the added advantage of having native English speakers proofread it for you. No offense intended--your English is good, but it's far from perfect. When your official website is marred by grammar errors such as "What my AirDog can do?" and "What happens when AirDogs runs out battery during flight?" and misspellings such as "autonomosly," you could use another few sets of eyes to help you clean up these problems. We'd be happy to help. And what about your iOS and Android software? It should be nearly complete by now. Isn't it about time to recruit beta testers? You know you can't catch every bug yourselves... as a former software developer, I can testify to that. Again, we can help you. We want this product to succeed just as much as you do. So as Duncan said, stop wasting time on slick videos and instead, give us detailed information... and let us help you polish the final product. We're ready, willing and able! Cmon guys. As I mentioned before the polished videos are nice but a steady stream of written updates would be MUCH better. You don't have to sell us on the product anymore, we're all committed! "I can't imagine that your local hobby shop has been able to make a drone with obstacle avoidance that is able to still work @ 70 km/h and is reliable in dodging trees and lampposts and stuff." Well, not having access to Victor's local hobby shop, I can't say for certain. But like you, I'm skeptical. That aside, this brings up some tricky warranty issues. If a company says its drone has obstacle avoidance, users will expect the feature to work 100% of the time. Yet there are very many everyday situations--overhead wires, tree branches, birds, and so on--that current avoidance technology simply can't handle, generally because detection at an adequate distance to allow time for maneuvering is not possible. But very few users understand fine distinctions or technological limitations... so when somebody flies his or her drone into a power line at 35 mph--an almost impossible scenario for any sensor/avoidance system to cope with--then a warranty claim is likely to result. If I were in the drone-making business, I'd be extremely reluctant to make any obstacle avoidance claims, because it's a safe assumption that my customers would take them literally and expect perfect avoidance in all situations, and that simply isn't possible at this stage of the technology. Of course there is one flying machine that has near-perfect sonar-based object avoidance. It's called a bat. ;-) Back in the 70s, I worked in a research lab where we tested these abilities. In our experimental setup, we had bats fly toward a vertical grid of piano wires (less than 1 mm diameter) that were spaced only a few cm apart--barely more space than the bat's body thickness. They never touched the wires. They did this again and again... in the dark, and in an artificially generated fog. Never touched. Now THAT'S obstacle avoidance! It'll be a long time before we have anything that good. @Duncan Why would you want to be integrated I to Recon? They cannot even get a phone to talk to there goggles without serious issues, just another thing to complicate use and I have to say, a complete waste of time... And I have Snow and Snow 2 from Oakley, and this would be the last thing I would want I plemented...!!! Guys, instead for asking for more and more features, I would love to see the basics being delivered in November as promised. @creator, any news on the advertised update? @Creator Any chance you guys can program some of the Airdog app functionality into an app for the Recon Snow2? <url>"air leash". How and when it is possible to order a 2nd AirLeash? I only invested in 'Airdog Pilot' but want to have a 2nd remote asap. Is it possible to expand the kickstarter-investment or buy it from airdog-homepage and still receive it this year? Check out this site: <url>"appear" to look like shots taken by a flying camera close-in) showing varying perspectives and scenery around the subject matter. I think the footage taken by this will greatly complement AirDog footage as well. <url>"lipo heater" or "lipo warmer" :-) "Are there any portable solutions for keeping lipos warm out there?" Standard practice for photographers in cold climates is to keep batteries in an inside breast pocket, where they will stay nice and warm. Hmm... but if I'm keeping a couple spare batteries in my backpack when it's -20C out there may be a problem. Are there any portable solutions for keeping lipos warm out there? The battery temperature is just a problem during transportation. If the battery has a good temperature the moment you start the flight it should keep its temperature when being used. I mean I am not talking about -20 celsius but arond 0 that should not be a problem. Especially because the hull is closed too. @ Duncan, I have asked the same question already a couple of months back. Helico's answer back then was; "About map usage, I think it's not smart to make a decision now, we will research all options. Some maps have elevation maps as well including city landscapes." Guess we'll just have to be patient. Would be great if we can just select our preferred map provider for any given area. Sometimes Bing is the newest one, sometimes Google and sometimes Mapbox. I would say, let us have all (since they are all open source as far as I know). Further to my queries in the update comments... For the GPS no-fly zones app... what maps will be used or will there be an option? My personal situation is the ski hill I most currently use has terrible satellite imagery on Google Maps. Bing maps is a little better. But mapbox is the best. A nice crisp winter view of the mountain. I'm sure there will be other people in similar situations where the different services offer different views of the same area. Also a question about the follow track mode. Will this data also be uploadable to the cloud and sharable with other users like the no-fly zones? Thanks again Airdog team! Stephan brings up a good point. I've also read about how the cold affects lipo batteries. Is Airdog going to have a battery heater built into the custom batteries? Many of us will be using Airdog in the winter as it was marketed partially for winter sports. I would not be worried so much about statments on flight time. Rather than on weight only, flight time will heavily depend on parameters like headwind, or temperature. LiPo battery capacity goes drasticly down at temperatures below Zero Celsius. So I would wait for the tests with the final product before starting to worry. My 2kg Hexacopter makes easily 15min with a 4,4Ah Lipo in perfect flying conditions. Sascha and Helmi, this Plexidrone is more similar of Hexo+ since it's follow me it's on your mobile phone and makes it invalid for water sports. The Airdog choose to use air leash cause gps and wi-fi wasn't precise and strong enough for getting the results we expect. In other side, Plexidrone presents some features that I enjoyed very much. The ultrasonic obstacle avoidance also just works when that thing flies forward by the way :) if it flies backwards in front of you it will hit that tree As far as I understood Airdog so far uses obstacle avoidance by GPS. This means you can mark an area in google maps before your flight and the copter will avoid that area. You will also be able to see areas other user have marked. The PlexiThing uses Ultrasonic sensors for obstacle avoidance. I think this will work well with Walls and Rocks for example but maybe not so great with trees since they don't reflect the ultrasonic waves very well. I also dont like the clip on system they have because the motors need a lot of power and as soon as there is any movement in the arms you might loose a motor during flight. They will really have to test that well before they sell this thing. There is one other thing that makes me a bis suspicious. They say they have average flight times of 25 to 35 minutes (without payload I suppose) but even without payload this seems very very long for a Quadcopter. I have one (700mm) with 10.000mah 4s and that thing hovers for 12-14min max. Everything above 20minutes sounds very long for me especially with these small propellers. I dont want to make the other project bad, I like it too, but the Airdog guys seem to be more honest and realistic. and it has obstacle avoidance system. Not sure how similar to the one that Airdog has Similar project in Indiegogo <url>"Adventures of a Drone" video: <url>"I wish the previous comments were easier to go through. Search functionality would be awesome too." Ditto! But as we all know, what's needed is a separate forum for AirDog owners. I know Helico is busy, but I wish they'd get busy on this as well. They said quite awhile back that they were looking at options for a discussion forum on the company website, but so far there hasn't been anything. I also signed up for the newsletter being offered by a (rather obtrusive) banner on their site, but have yet to receive anything. "I was more concerned about the balance (since the camera is not positioned right below the drone it's center of gravity) and the extra strain on the gimbel." Ah, I see. Good point. I guess we'll have to wait to hear from Helico on that. I imagine they are looking over the specs of the new Hero 4 cameras right about now. They did say that a floater accessory is being designed. I wish the previous comments were easier to go through. Search functionality would be awesome too. I would like to open a discussion and or ask for others insights on water floats for the Airdog? Much of my use will be over open water. Kayak, sail & motorboat launches; regarding battery management, exchange and navigator support. An effective rescue plan of course is imperative. I've read @Creators posts on this as too design, sinkability, and salt-water immersion recommendations. So beyond that, have any of you researched or designed a float for our Dog? @Creator? Do you guys have a float design in the works? @Andy; I wasn't talking about the total weight of the combination. I was more concerned about the balance (since the camera is not positioned right below the drone it's center of gravity) and the extra strain on the gimbel. No offense. ;) "Only thing that might give trouble when using the Hero4 on the AirDog is the weight, since the LCD screen is now build in." If you're talking about the color LCD touchscreen, it's only present in the Hero 4 silver edition. The Hero 4 black edition doesn't have it. In any case, I doubt the additional few grams would be an issue, since according to Helico, the AirDog can lift twice its weight. @ David, Maybe just check the video of their new folding mechanism. You can see right from the start how the mount looks like. It's just like a standard GoPro mount. The dimensions of the Hero4 seem rather similar so I don't see an issue with mounting it to the AirDog when looking at the available space. Only thing that might give trouble when using the Hero4 on the AirDog is the weight, since the LCD screen is now build in. Now, I have not taken the trouble to check if the weight of the new Hero4 is already made public and what it is in comparison to the Hero3 since I have just gotten the Hero3+ black and I am not considering to replace it with a Hero4. But I can imagine it to be a bit heavier, and that could mess up the balance of the AirDog. Exactly, if the dimensions/weight of the housing affects the possibility of mounting different GoPro's to the AirDog then it is something that needs to be considered. Maybe Helico wouldn't mind doing a short video that shows how the GoPro 3 mounts to the AirDog then we can see the limitations/possibilities. It says backward compatible with the mount and accessories, did not mention about the housing. ...and this more detailed one: <url>"should be 100% accurate, as we were given access to product photos and full spec sheets." David, perhaps this article will ease your concerns. <url>"Adventures of a Drone," but unfortunately in my current location (camped by a lake at 10,000' on Colorado's Grand Mesa), I don't have the bandwidth to upload the video. But when I get back to civilization, I will. Should be good for a laugh. ;-) How about an AirDog on your wrist? <url>"Toys". The Airdog will follow the same laws of physics as any other drone. A Naza-controlled copter like a 550 flies max 60km/h in GPS mode, assuming its properly built and balanced. I assume a Pixhawk with GPS will be in a similar range. The Airdog will require to fly in GPS mode too, otherwise its hard to imagine how the follow function would work. Really makes me wonder how well the AirDog will handle wind. I also don't think I had it balanced right. I put a camera on the front but forgot to mount the battery on the back instead of the top to balance things out. Seemed easier to go forward than backwards and then the wind caught it. Oh well... this is how you learn right? Ouch... Duncan, drones at that size is very subjected to wind condition. I had a drone (phantom 2) out at sea and almost couldn't return home. By the time it hit shore, it was at 15%batt, and the drone auto land. It landed just at the edge of the sea. phew.... Now I swear to get big drones.... With at least 4114 motor. Hopefully with a more powerful motor wind is not going to be such a huge problem. I bought a DJI Flamewheel F550 a few days ago. This thing is a beast. Had my first flyaway today and the failsafe couldn't fight the strong wind I didn't know was about 50' overhead. It flew probably close to half a kilometer (2000') before crashing. I wandered the direction it was headed with my Loc8tor finder in hand, fully expecting this not to work. Just as I was thinking there was no way it had gone this far and I'd have to start a search pattern I got a blip on the finder. One red dot. As I walked a little further got 2 red dots. Long story short... the Loc8tor beacon I bought paid for itself today. Of course now I have to fix my drone... about $100 in damage. Thing that disappointed me the most about today is that when the drone crashed my camera survived, but the sd card popped out, so it lost the video of its flight. :( Pretty cool, Victor! This is my half build X8 gaui-infinity drone. <url>"Sorry, guys, we ran into some production problems, but they're being ironed out as we speak. Hang in there, and we'll have good news soon!" @Justin Yeah, I don't needs detailed progress report, but at least some form of updates. But they are totally radio silent now, and that worries me. Before they get the money, they were very prompt. They live up to their promise. But once they get their money, the whole attitude change. We no longer hear from them as often and they no longer keep to their promise. Should they fail, I would appreciate they ship whatever components that they have to us. At least I can build some more drones myself. @ Victor Go; I personally think that they still have the fire and are committed to their cause. Keep in mind that they have only a small team of people and that a lot of things need to be arranged now. My concern is NOT that they are taking our money and bailed the project relaxing all together now and doing nothing. My concern is that they got some problems with the realization of their production chain and that they require all hands on deck to fix these, making them unable at the moment to reply to our request. I don't mind a bit of delay (as long as I will get my Airdog before febr.2015, I can still use it this season during wintersports. But worst case this could also mean that there is a risk of this project failing, and that is my biggest concern. Well, I just hope those guys don't get our money and start to relax and enjoy. I somehow don't feel the intense fire from them anymore. Sad... Lūdzu--atjauninājumu tagad! (Forgive machine translation, please). Hopefully that means it's going to be a good update! :D Hmm... they have updated their timeline on Airdog.com as completing all of their August milestones... I agree with the others... I am trying to be patient, but when you promise an update is on it's way soon and then fail to do so in more than double the time promised, this is very concerning. What's going on Helico? @Andy, wish that Kickstarter comments would have a thumbs up button, cause you definitely will have mine. Agreed. Helico folks, I've said this before: customers will tolerate delays and other bad news pretty well, *as long as you keep them informed.* Lack of communication is the quickest way to get them annoyed with you. If your latest video isn't ready, just tell us. If you're having trouble with CE or FCC certification, just tell us. If the initial batch of injection molds were out of tolerance, just tell us. We're grownups here; we understand that unexpected problems can and will crop up. But if you want to retain our goodwill, DON'T KEEP US IN THE DARK! +1 I even told someone to be patient and defended you a couple days after when you said that there would be an update in a week (3 weeks ago). Please give us something... even if it's not a pretty, polished video update. @ creator; I hope I am overreacting here, but not hearing anything about the progress after the promised update starts to feel a bit discomforting. We all have pledged a huge amount of money into this project and we really would like to see any information about how the production process is getting along to ease our minds. Please can you give us an update or at least a notice on when we can expect an update (and also keep that promiss)? A still patient bit little bit worrying backer. Justin. @creator, could you provide us with an update on your August 2014 milestones, in particular: - all necessary components ordered - injection molds ordered - CE/FCC cerrtificates issued - software development and testing completed Thanks! I am surprise that Airdog leave out mission planning as part of the standard because almost all flavor of drones out there have mission planner. Some even have up to 128 way points. I am using my DJI ground station for mission planning for a long time. Excellent! I'm glad to hear about the "Mission Planner" app, as i'll definitely be using it. Have Helico said anything about an ability to set waypoints? Would this be a possibility in future firmware updates? 3DR can use any serial data link. This can be BT or something like this: <url>“This is a drone for the committed. It’ll like require regular tinkering, including firmware updates, and 3D Robotics points out that it’s really for 'developers and experienced operators' who want to help develop the product, rather than take a copter for a quick spin.”—Gizmodo review Now, maybe they have smoothed all those rough edges. Maybe they've found a way to implement auto-following using only a smartphone, and to do it with more than the hundred feet or so of Wi-Fi range a phone limits you to (e.g., Parrot AR.drone). But I'll believe it when I see it. :-) Airdog is using 3D Robotics flight controller. Not surprise that it is similar to Iris+, Hexoplus and etc. This looks very similar to Airdog!!! <url>"The video series basics are going to be free of charge and available to view on our website"... so even those who don't back that Kickstarter project may want to be on the lookout for those videos when they are posted. <url>"An RC forum is not a good place since Airdog targets a completely different audience with a different technology." That's a good point, Stephan. Although the technologies involved overlap a good deal, the audiences for camera drones and for more traditional R/C models are quite different. And with AirDog specifically targeting active sports enthusiasts, there'd be even less overlap of our interests with those of the R/C crowd. No, I think this is something that Helico needs to do... hopefully soon! +1 An RC forum is not a good place since Airdog targets a completely different audience with a different technology. Also, "traditional" RC modelers often regard everything around "drones" and "cameras" as a potential threat against their hobby. (I ran into those debates already within the RC communities) And I would stay 10miles away from anything related to "FPV" given the current discussions initiated by the FAA in the US. Airdog is not a FPV system. "They really have to set up a forum so we're not cluttering the kickstarter comments with our sometimes irrelevant discussions." Agreed! "Maybe one of the R/C forums would host a section for Airdog." I'm sure they would, but it seems as if it would be better for both us users and for Helico if they took the initiative and put up a forum on their website. How about it, guys? Duncan's right: this Kickstarter thread has outlived its usefulness. It's time for a robust AirDog discussion forum where we can talk through the issues that arise as you move closer to production. "nevertheless I will continue to point my questions directly to the airdog team :-) " That's exactly what I recommended in my last post. Stephan, if you're going to get upset with us trying to discuss the questions posted here maybe you should message @creator directly. They really have to set up a forum so we're not cluttering the kickstarter comments with our sometimes irrelevant discussions. Maybe one of the R/C forums would host a section for Airdog. Andy, I know that you know it all better than the rest of us, nevertheless I will continue to point my questions directly to the airdog team :-) @creator thanks for getting back thats what I wanted to know. "By knowing if the Airdog is using/leveraging from this technology would give me an indication on the capabilities." Why play guessing games? Helico has been quite open about AirDog's capabilities. I'm sure that if you asked a specific "Can it do this?" question, they'd be happy to tell you. They have no reason to keep quiet about what AirDog can do. "I doubt airdog will be able to patent the follow me tech, as it is already implemented in some drones" Trapping a mouse is one thing; the way in which you trap it is another. There are many ways to catch mice, and most of them are patentable. :-) Andy, I doubt airdog will be able to patent the follow me tech, as it is already implemented in some drones way before airdog. Frankly I dont care about who uses which techology and who was first. The 3DR FollowMe functionality is part of the Droidplanner app which is open source so anyone can use and can contribute to it. By knowing if the Airdog is using/leveraging from this technology would give me an indication on the capabilities. Thats why I asked this question . Kevin, I'm not clear on what you are saying with regard to legality in the US. In particular, I don't understand how you come to the conclusion that I'm "asking a company to aid [me] in breaking the law." If you could cite the relevant US laws, perhaps we could discuss this. As for FPV, I agree it's not especially necessary in an auto-following drone, since that’s going to be doing its own aiming. But I was talking about manually piloting the AirDog, where being able to see where you're flying has real value. Your characterization of DJI's products as "cheaply made crap" and "overpriced junk piece of plastic" is an unsupported opinion. I'm far from being an expert on drones, although I'm studying every day and learning as fast as I can--but I've seen a good deal of superb footage shot from DJI drones, certainly enough to demonstrate that in skilled hands they can produce excellent results. Your "cheap crap" claim is merely a cheap shot, and contributes nothing to this discussion. I agree (and I’ve said this several times now) that right now Helico needs to focus on delivering the promised auto-following capabilities by the end of this year. But no business survives without looking ahead. Contour and GoPro are perfect examples. Contour had a good product, but they failed to compete effectively with GoPro… with the result that they filed for bankruptcy a year ago, and are now struggling to stay in business. I don’t want to see that happen to Helico, and that’s why I believe that they are going to have to compete with the more popular drones on all fronts, not just in the auto-following niche market. Let me put it this way: you say that you own a DJI drone (“I will get my very cheaply made crap DJI out of the cupboard”) and have ordered several AirDogs. You are fortunate that you have a choice of drones. But very few people have either the budget or the need to own multiple US$1,000+ drones. And given a choice between an AirDog that can only auto-follow and a similarly-priced drone that can auto-follow and can also be flown manually, most people will chose the latter—especially if it’s from a company that’s well known. If that happens, Helico will fail financially just as Contour did, regardless of superior quality. Actually the YS-X6 flight controller already have the follow technology years ago. You can link your smart phone to the drone and you can control and change the settings via the phone. So follow mode of the drone is not new. @Andy, I fully understand the future proofing of business that you want Helicopter to do, the issues are not as clear cut as simply making more stuff or adding to the inventory etc... There are markets out there that need to legality side of things looked at as well as what is deemed to be legal. Why would you want FPV, and if it is so important, then why do you not research it anyway...? I ask, because as I understand the law as it stands int the USA, this is. It even legal, so you are asking a company to aid you in breaking the law... Now I know this is a stretch, but you get where I am coming from... And the USA is not the only country that this is being sold to, I have 2 coming, one for the. UK and one for Norway, again different laws and regulations... Uk is regulated, Norway has no regulation currently, but FPV is pretty useless in the model we have all backed currently anyway, why would you need it... If helicopter chose this approach later on, it will be for good reason, isn't it better to be the best at one thing than mediocre at 2 or 3...? I only ask, as I bought these for a very specific reason, if I want to go play with an overpriced junk piece of plastic for 10 minutes a week then I will get my very cheaply made crap DJI out of the cupboard... While DJI may well try and enter this side of the business as well, there is a specialist area of expertise it seems, and as we can look back and see with other companies, being the biggest does not mean being the best... It does however mean that you may last longer, case in point is Contour and GoPro, contour is the far superior product... But everyone has a GoPro... Much like everyone has a DJI right now... And along came a company that can do something better in the particular area of the market... I'm sure you get my point, the future may hold many things for Helico, but they have not yet delivered the 1st product, so let's get that first, and see just how good it is... "I'm just saying it's very likely that it's the other way around, that 3DR is using Airdog's technology." That would be my guess as well. If AirDog were using 3DR's auto-following technology, then we'd have heard about the 3DR version long before the AirDog project went live on Kickstarter. When I first read about AirDog, my initial reaction was of course "Great idea!" But my second reaction was that in a selfie-obsessed world, this feature is so obviously desirable that it's a certainty others will copy it. For example, I'd be surprised if DJI didn't announce an auto-following Phantom model in the near future. As the dominant company in this price category, they can't afford to be left behind. I hope Helico is patenting everything they can, because there are going to be plenty of competitors hot on their heels in the near future. This is why, as I said awhile back, I feel strongly that in the long run (and not too long at that!) AirDog needs to become an all-purpose aerial photography tool--not just a one-trick pony. What happens when DJI announces an auto-following Phantom drone? They're widely known and trusted, where Helico is little known. The answer is obvious: even if DJI's auto-following implementation is inferior, they'll get the bulk of the business because of their established position and their name recognition. AirDog has other advantages, of course: sturdy construction, folding arms and props, waterproof electronics. But if Helico is to compete once all the major drones have auto-following capability--as I believe they will, within a year or two at most--then the AirDog product must be usable not only in autonomous mode, but as a standard remotely-controlled drone. I don't expect Helico to deliver this capability in the next four months, of course... but it should be a very high priority for them as soon as the first AirDog generation is shipping. Yes, I know Helico has said that you can add a certain type of receiver and transmitter, but that's experts-only stuff. People like me who are not already deeply involved in R/C flying need a turnkey system--a package. We need Helico to offer a "fly-it-yourself" bundle in their store, with components that have been tested and shown to work reliably with the AirDog. And we need have a turnkey FPV (first person view) system to go with it. We shouldn't have to scour the hobbyist bulletin boards for information on how to cobble together such a system. We need "plug and play." I'd cheerfully order such a system today if Helico offered it. I'm just saying it's very likely that it's the other way around, that 3DR is using Airdog's technology. Duncan, I know that Airdog does not plan to use a smartphone - that was my reason not to go for the "other project" :-) Interesting though would be if they leverage from this 3DR development - thats why I pointed my question to the creator since I am following that project in their community. Stephan, considering 3DR and Helico teamed up to cooperate on Airdog (see Update #9) it's likely that 3DR's software came partly from this collaboration. Airdog decided to not go the smartphone route to improve the GPS and telemetry hardware for a more reliable product for sports enthusiasts (do you want to surf with your smartphone?). @creator just cuious - are you using this technology in the Airdog? www.3drobotics.com/2014/06/follow-me-mode Cool stuff! Victor, the reviews on Amazon are generally favorable. This is one of the more convincing ones: <url>"Lite" package (<url>’s the iFi Systems Smart Tag: <url>’s manual, "Smart Tag battery life is about three months in normal use.” By contrast, the Android version uses a rechargeable battery, and its manual states "On average, your iFi Smart TAG battery should be recharged every 3 to 4 days." Why? Because as one reviewer noted, "99.9% of Android devices don't support BTLE (Bluetooth 4.0), so power consumption [for that version of the tag] is way higher." Moral: if you have an Android device and are shopping for a Bluetooth locator tag to attach to your AirDog, look closely at the battery life spec before plunking down your cash. (Apple has supported Bluetooth 4.0 since 2011, so my iPhone and iPads have the capability. But after reading reviews of this tag, it appeared that it tends to stop working in a few months... so I didn't go for it, despite the bargain $5.99 price.) They said a week 4 days ago. I'm assuming that's when they'll announce the extra colors too. We just have to be a little patient. Still no updates? @ creator; Thanks for the feedback. Sounds solid. I was just curious if you were able to give us a heads-up on the progress towards actual production. Is everything still going as planned? No delays yet? Awesome, thanks for the info! Any updates on the results of the color poll? Although that's a good point about having them in the backpack. Creator, any chance you could throw in a lipo safe battery storage bag with each AirDog? ;) Googling 'lipo safety' came up with lots of results. This seems like a good writeup. <url>’s a really good, thoughtful article on "Why Kickstarter projects are always delayed": <url>’t just relevant to Kickstarter—it explains a lot about the process of creating *any* new product. Note especially the section on "Being transparent with your backers." In my experience (30 projects backed, about 80% of them successful), backers will forgive delays much more readily than they'll forgive poor communication. Understand, I'm not accusing Helico of that sin--just reminding them that it's easy to post frequent updates when the pledges are rolling in before the funding period ends... but not always so easy to post when you're in the final phase, desperately trying to solve production problems in order to make your ship date. But it's important to do so anyway! So remember: when the going gets tough, keep us informed, and we'll understand and be patient. Sorry, Justin (and Duncan)! Guess I wasn't fully awake when I wrote that. ;-) @Andy, I'm Justin, you are replying to Duncan :) "I meant it doesn't look like there's an option to change the server the GPS data is uploaded to." Sorry, Justin, I misunderstood. I agree that I'm not crazy about having all my drone's location data go to some Chinese server. You obviously know more about GpsGate than I do. As far as I can see, neither the TK110 nor the RF-V16 is listed on GpsGate's compatibility page (<url>"When I look more into it though I don't see any options for changing the server the RF-V16 points at." You mean the cellular carrier that it connects to the internet through? That's determined by the SIM card you insert, but it has to be a carrier that uses the the European GSM data protocol, such as AT&T or Sprint. Verizon uses CDMA, so this device won't work with Verizon. Of course, even with a GSM cellular carrier, you'll have to have an account and pay a monthly fee in order to use this device. When I look more into it though I don't see any options for changing the server the RF-V16 points at. So I think I'll stick with my plan of playing with the first one I bought and researching more. Still have a few months before the AirDog gets here. :) Thanks, Justin! Based on that review, the RF-V16 looks very promising. The only drawback from my point of view--and this won't apply to many people--is that it's GSM-only, meaning it won't work with Verizon's network, meaning in many rural areas of the US there won't be a usable signal. (As a full-time RVer, I'm all too familiar with the poor coverage offered by AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile outside cities.) So regrettably it won't work for me, but it sounds like a good solution for many users, especially European ones. Wow that one I just posted looks neat. Here's a review from a uav guy. <url>"Flytrex Live" may be of interest: <url>"container" for the batt, so that we can recycle the tons of Lipos that we have at home. Like for me, I have already invested a significant amount on power supply and chargers. To add on another charger for airdog does not make sense. I would hope noone is dumb enough to leave their airdog unattended. In the case of a remote takeoff you should probably have a friend at the takeoff location. Since when it returns you should have someone to warn people it's landing. "keeping GPS alive for a longer time could come in handy when the device is stolen." Good point, Justin. The surfing/beach takeoff scenario is a good example. You're out there with your board, waiting for the right wave, while your AirDog is parked on the beach. When you see a good wave coming, you plan to signal your AirDog to take off and film you. But while you're waiting, somebody walks off with your unattended AirDog. In that situation, or any theft situation, you'd like the GPS to stay alive as long as possible so you can track the thief, just as people track stolen iPhones. "How much battery does GPS locator require." I don't have exact numbers at my fingertips, but judging by cell phones, it's probably reasonable to shoot for 24 hours. But remember, it doesn't do any good for the *AirDog* to know where it is unless it can tell the *owner* where it is. So we'll still need the radio to operate. Well, keeping GPS alive for a longer time could come in handy when the device is stolen. But then only if the signal is silent. On the other hand, I don't think this situation will nearly ever occur, since you are pretty close to your device all the time. And if I notice it crashing behind me, I would always try to track back to it. Only problem is when this can't be done easily (like right after you made a pretty large drop while snowboarding). Then you have to finish the track and get back up there to be able to retrieve it. In that meantime I just hope no one will find it and take it with him/her, but if that happens, getting GPS coordinates for a longer period of time would be much wanted. But that still doesn't have to rule out your solution. How much battery does GPS locator require. My guess is that it doesn't need that much and a pretty small battery would be able to maintain this signal for several hours (4+) I guess. Long enough to trace and retrieve it. "Why not just add a second battery that keeps the GPS alive?" Seems to me there are two things we need in order to recover a lost drone: first, it has to know where it is, and second, it has to be able to tell us where it is. Now, if Helico doesn't make the mistake that DJI made and shut off the GPS prematurely, the AirDog’s GPS will stay on until the drone lands. So in an auto-landing or crash scenario, we can safely assume that it knows exactly where it is (within the limits of GPS accuracy, anyhow) and that it isn't going anywhere. That being the case, there's no need to keep the GPS alive after landing. There is, however, a need to keep sending out some kind of "here I am" signal. Helico says that the range between AirLeash and AirDog is "up to 1000 feet (300m)." That's really pretty good. Unless my AirDog drops into the Grand Canyon, it seems as if there's a very good chance I will know where it is to within less than a thousand feet, if and when it goes down. (After all, we're talking about a device whose normal mode is following me around shooting video, so it's going to stay close to me--like a faithful dog--most of the time.) But if an AirDog runs out of battery power and auto-lands or crashes, it isn't going to be able to maintain that radio link with the AirLeash for very long before it runs out of juice. This is where we need a supplementary “emergency” battery—for the radio, not for the GPS. If I were designing this system, here's what I'd do. First, I’d include a separate nonrechargeable lithium-ion battery. Why nonrechargeable? Because unlike rechargeable lithium-polymer calls, nonrechargeable lithium batteries hold a charge for ten years if not in use… so there would never be a situation where the AirDog is lost, and "Oops! I forgot to recharge the emergency battery." Why not have a rechargeable emergency battery that is charged by the main battery? It might be possible--you'd use an isolator to prevent it from running down when the main battery was being used up--but there are technical reasons why it's not a great idea to put two batteries of very different capacities in parallel. (As an RVer I deal with this all the time.) I think it would probably be better to have a separate nonrechargeable LiIon battery that could be counted upon always to be ready in an emergency. But regardless of what type the emergency battery is, I'd design a circuit that kept it separate until the main battery was completely drained. Then I’d have the circuit cut in the emergency battery, powering the radio. This would also be a good time to activate an audible beep and flash every few seconds, to aid in finding the drone. (Helico has said that both those features will be included, so they’ve probably already thought about this.) Third, I’d activate the radio only in short bursts, in order to make the power last as long as possible. There’s probably a limit on how short those bursts can be, because it undoubtedly takes the AirLeash some time to pair up with the AirDog. But to the extent possible, I’d use the radio for only a few seconds at a time. That way even if your AirDog crashes into a forest and you have to drive home to get a ladder—or perhaps hire a tree surgeon?—it should still be beeping, flashing and transmitting when you come back the next day. @ Andy; Gosh, three hands? You freak of nature... ;) @ all; Why not just add a second battery that keeps the GPS alive? It can charge of the main battery. It barely uses energy so it shouldn't eat too much of your flight time. And it only has to keep GPS up for a few hours. So the battery can be small and bolted tight into place. I think there are nifty enough users out there that are able to construct and attach one themselves. "One thing I noticed in the Phantom-case write-up - Phantom switches off GPS when auto-landing, thus you get the coordinates of when landing started, not when it ended." Gee, that seems dumb. "I'd be glad if airdog could use the last bits of battery to record the after-landing coordinates and then go into stealth mode, only to be awaken by the airleash signal/connection again to submit this data back to the leash and if ordered to do so, yell out 'I am here' (or just beep until death...)" Yes! For what it's worth, my Tile Bluetooth tag weighs 9 grams (a third of an ounce), so it's hard to imagine that it could disturb an AirDog's balance. By the way, it's waterproof, unlike the other Bluetooth trackers I've seen. On the other hand, it's waterproof because it's sealed... which means you can't replace the battery yourself. After a year, you're supposed to return it to the factory and get a new one. But on the *other* other hand, at US$20 it's only about half the price of most of its competitors. Twenty bucks a year doesn't seem like a lot if it helps you find your lost AirDog. Andy, thanks for the comparison article. One thing I noticed in the Phantom-case write-up - Phantom switches off GPS when auto-landing, thus you get the coordinates of when landing started, not when it ended. I'd be glad if airdog could use the last bits of battery to record the after-landing coordinates and then go into stealth mode, only to be awaken by the airleash signal/connection again to submit this data back to the leash and if ordered to do so, yell out "I am here" (or just beep until death...) I was just hinting that if they were to design something to work with the Airleash that it could use the better range Bluetooth built into it. :D I don't think it's necessary to add anything, Kristjan--a Tile or similar Bluetooth tag weighs so little that the AirDog would never notice the added weight. My Tile is probably only a few grams. (I don't have it handy, or I'd weigh it and tell you.) As Duncan points out, the key is to have a locator device *with its own battery*, so that if the AirDog runs out of juice and auto-lands in the woods, the locator function will still be operating. Any of the Bluetooth locator tags will satisfy this requirement, as they all offer at least 6-12 month battery life. In short, it looks as if all you need to do is attach a Tile or similar device somewhere near the center of your AirDog. Exact location shouldn't be critical, given the very small added weight. Just bear in mind that these tags do not have GPS capability of their own. The smartphone apps that are required to use them only know where the tag was last seen, meaning the last time it was within a roughly 30-foot (ten meter) range. Once contact is lost, you aren't going to find the tag again unless you come within about 30 feet of it. This is still potentially useful, and might have helped the fellow who lost his Phantom, but the short range is definitely a limitation. Here's an article that compares half a dozen different Bluetooth locator tags: <url>"TILE" to find it in a similar case more easily. Maybe Helico could add tile-like (<url>"I'm hoping 12V (car) and [120 V]AC (home)" Same here. Sports enthusiasts are going to want the ability to recharge "on the go" from a car, truck or RV--a 12 VDC source, in other words. "I doubt you could charge a 4s battery with USB." Agreed. A 4S battery stores roughly 5,000 mAh (5 amp-hours) at 14.8 volts; USB can supply only a couple of amps at around 5 volts. While theoretically this could be done using a DC-DC voltage converter, it would take forever to charge a 4S battery from USB that way--not a practical idea. By the way, Helico folks, you may find this "LiPo Shootout" article helpful: <url>"Drones to close for comfort" - are they a threat to National Security. Thank you. I do not mean to dwell on worst case scenario, some of these ideas are to help overcome the negative connotations of commercial drone use and convince civil authorities we are responsible users prepared to take ownership of our actions and deal with catastrophic events. "AirLeash registers last known coordinates" I assume the leash remembers all your coordinates, this is another good way to prove responsible usage. Any thoughts regarding a "Property of Name Plate" with or without central registry and the reward idea? If the owner elects to mount a name tag will this void the warranty. I agree with a recent comment that it's time for our own forum with searchable knowledge base. Awesome! Just Awesome! Great Work Guys! Leave that to the technoids, maybe a smart phone thingy. I like that idea. I was actually planning to put a label on mine with my name, phone number and "REWARD OFFERED". Having a central registry would be even better, especially if the device is password-protected. Hmmm... how would one enter a password on the AirLeash, I wonder? My bad, I said State when I should of said National. Another idea regarding a lost Airdog is to mount a airdog designed lightweight name plate with owner name/phone or an airdog recovery web/phone # and unique registered ID# and reward offer, maybe $100. This could be a service airdog offers like an insurance policy, a low cost premium we pay into. If the system requires a password making it useless to the finder perhaps they will go for the reward. Any Thoughts? "I've read the stories about State Parks outlawing drones..." I know that the US National Park Service has ruled out the use of drones in 401 national parks and recreation areas, and they are prohibited at Colorado's Garden of the Gods public park and at California's Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary. But I wasn't aware of any US state parks forbidding them. Do you know which ones? Obviously, I don't want to fly where it's prohibited. I've read the stories about State Parks outlawing drones, even for hobbyist, because they crash into landmark cliff faces, get lost and the concern of having debris and batteries rotting creating an environmental concern. I was thinking of ways to overcome those kind of concerns, even if it only serves to know where the heck the drone is. Of course climbing a cliff face to retrieve your drone may be a whole other story. Perhaps we need a rescue drone when it's time to fetch one that is not easy to get to. Anything to take the argument out of banning drones. Yes, find my device would be great. On the subject of preventing unauthorized use, a simple solution is to require a password to start, program or operate? Good questions, Michael. Since this is such a valuable piece of gear, anything that can be done to help locate the drone and to prevent unauthorized use will be very welcome. I hope Helico will give serious thought to a "Find My iPhone"-like feature, or as close as it's possible to get to that functionality. It seems as if the hardware capabilities are already there (well, excepting cellular radio). Thank you. Will this feature be dependent on the main battery supply and not work at all when battery is depleted? If the airdog is stolen and used will this feature work without blu tooth and allow owner to locate despite distance from leash? Any other fail safes to prevent a stolen air dog from being reprogrammed to a different leash? FYI, interesting Drone story on Today show this morning including Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney, Transportation Committee, using a drone then stating "Did not understand the rules". No forum necessary to discuss basic math and investment concepts. Let's get back to important Airdog operational questions. Forgive me if this has been discussed, is there built in telemetry in the event Airdog is lost, crashes or is stolen. Perhaps like Apples locate my iPhone? If you guys want a forum? I can supply one? "I consider my purchase an investment and would like to see my investment hold its value." Here's where we differ, Michael. I consider my purchase a tool, not an investment. An investment is something that you buy in the hope that it will increase in value. (Dictionary definition: “A thing that is worth buying because it may be profitable in the future.”) That will never happen with a consumer-electronics device, especially in a rapidly evolving market such as this one. Prices always go down, not up. Depreciation is a fact of life. Considered as an investment, any drone is a losing proposition. A tool, on the other hand, is something that you buy in order to accomplish specific tasks. If it does those jobs, it has earned its keep. When it wears out, you'll either repair it or buy a new one. But you don't expect a tool to increase in value. It's not an investment. The gist of your initial "I'm beginning to get concerned about this company or at least their marketing strategy" post was that you had backed AirDog in the expectation that later buyers would be paying a lot more than you, and when it turned out they wouldn’t, you were unhappy. That’s an investor speaking, not a tool user. That’s what we were responding to. The device’s selling price has nothing to do with its usefulness as a tool. You said just now that you “plan to use Airdog as a tool.” Good! Stick to that line of thought. A tool is not an investment. A tool’s value lies in what you can do with it—not in what it may or may not sell for at some future date. Hello my email is <email> Gentlemen, thank you for your comments. Let me clarify; I do not feel "screwed over", "afraid" or "obsessed", just concerned. I'n not a hobbyist and pan to use Airdog as a tool. I consider my purchase an investment and would like to see my investment hold its value. I'm pleased with my pledge and proud to be a backer of Airdog. I look forward to exploring the many uses Airdog is capable of. Peace Good to hear from you, Helico folks! It's been kinda lonely around here without you. ;-) I'd like to suggest that this would be a good time to move this discussion to a forum connected with your airdog.com website--a place where we could have threads and other discussion-group niceties. This Kickstarter thread has served its purpose; now we need something that will facilitate discussion as we move forward. I'd like to add to what Justin said by posing a question. Michael, did you invest in AirDog to feel superior to everyone who would have to pay full price later on? Or did you pledge your money to get a product that did something you wanted at a price you felt was reasonable? Most of us did the latter. Personally, I couldn't care less what anyone else pays for an AirDog. I'll be getting what I want at a price I can afford, and that's all that matters to me. Even if the price were cut in half a year from now, I'd be happy to see this technology become more affordable--not disgruntled because I paid more to get in on the ground floor. If AirDog does the job you want at a price you're willing to pay--and I assume that's true, since you pledged two thousand dollars for it--then it's a good value for you. Obsessing over whether you got a better deal than somebody else is a waste of time, in my humble opinion. Oh, I forgot to add the Earlybirds (or EarlyDogs) to this. They paid $995,- for this puppy because they were the first on a limited offer and long before it was even clear the project was going to succeed. @Michael, I think you are seeing it wrong. * You went for Airdog buddy on Kickstarter, which costs $2045,- for 2 Airdogs + Airleashes. Effectively making them cost $1022,50 / piece. * Other people that went for only 1 Airdog + Airleash (like me) pay $1195,- for it on Kickstarter. * People that pre-order on their site pay $1295,- for the Airdog + Airleash (because they did not took the risk of backing a Kickstarter project but, because they are pre-ordering, take the risk of it not being reviewed and used by end-users first). * People that buy it after release in November will still pay the full retail price of $1495,-. As you can see, you still have the cheapest option per Airdog. Don't be afraid, you were not screwed over... :) Hope this clarified it for you. Andy, good to know Airdog will make new cover for hero 4, what I read is the dimension may be different (waterproof housing need to change) but mount is the same. I'm beginning to get concerned about this company or at least their marketing strategy. I decided to back this project with maximum pledge for 2 systems based on unique product features and the projected retail price of $1595/ea, thus making The Kickstarter Airdog Buddy a great deal. Last week I noted the advance order price was reduced to $1495, I understand this marketing strategy, now I see the price has dropped again to $1295. These price reduction effectively erase my cost savings and considering the risk attached to funding a start up, we'll... I'm becoming concerned. Hopefully, this concern will subside when I receive my Airdogs. Any news of the final colors winners? Also grateful to see a picture of the possible accessories such the float or propeller guards, and know its approximate price. Thanks Helico Great Projet Victor, two weeks ago Helico wrote, "When new GoPro comes out, we will make new mounts for the new camera if it will be necessary. But we seriously doubt that GoPro will change the dimensions of new Hero 4 thus forcing everybody to buy new accessories." I hope the drone can take hero 4 when it is released. Hero 4 is due to be released very soon. Earlier than Airdog. So I hope the Airdog team is thinking ahead. Andrew, take a look at the "Auto-Foll0w Modes" section of the main project page. I think you'll find that number five, "Circle," is exactly what you want. Anyone into filmmaking purchase an Airdog? I hope there are built in presets in the final build of the app geared especially for us filmmakers! I know that a majority of the settings are for capturing extreme action sports, but I'm hoping the Airdog team can implement a few that we cinematographers can use; perhaps a full 360 degree option in which the Airdog circles around the person wearing the leash (Think of the scene in Bad Boys 2 where the camera circles around Will Smith and Martin Lawrence) and many more. The possibilities are endless :) Yep, hopefully as a group us airdog owners will be smarter but somehow I doubt it from the questions that came up in the comments. I personally plan to use mine nowhere near other people (or at least people that don't know it's there). But I have no illusions that this hobby will ultimately be ruined by the government having to save the public from the idiots. Worth a read! <url>"Many of us are expecting Android because we were told that it would be available." Kynan, you and others raise a good point. Android support *was* promised, and it shouldn't just mysteriously vanish from the product description. If Helico has decided to focus on iOS first just so they can get something out the door on schedule, fair enough--but they should be upfront about it. Something like "Folks, we are still committed to delivering an Android app, but the iOS version will come first because it poses fewer development difficulties. Android will take a little longer, but don't worry--you'll have it as soon as we can manage!" would ease a lot of anxiety. Speaking of schedules, I notice that the official delivery date has slipped from November to December. That's no surprise; when I back a Kickstarter project of this complexity, I always mentally add two months to the promised delivery date. ;-) The lesson in all of this, I think, is that Helico needs to constantly focus on being open with its backers, even when the news is less than good. I know from other Kickstarter projects that backers are very patient with delays as long as the reasons for those delays are communicated... but they are very impatient when long stretches go by with no word from the company. So give us the bad news (if any) as well as the good. We're grownups, we've already bought into the project--we can take it. :-) I received an email back from the Airdog team stating that Android would be supported. Missing from the website - just an oversight. "Frankly, they can take the whole month off if they like, but it should be communicated." True, and I agree that a little note here saying "Give us a few days to catch our breaths" would have been a nice idea. "where you use the leash to record a route then the drone will fly that same pattern, when it does... will it need the leash?" I'm pretty sure it will, Matt. There are two issues when AirDog is flying: where it goes, and where it points its camera. The first can be handled with a prerecorded track, as you know, but the AirLeash is required for the second. Otherwise the AirDog could follow the track, but would not know where to aim the camera. In fact, from what I've read here, in "follow track" mode the AirDog doesn't just fly a preset track at a fixed speed. Instead, it flies that track *at the speed the AirLeash is moving.* Without an AirLeash, this wouldn't work. If I'm wrong about this, I'm sure someone will correct me, but I think that's how Helico said it will work. Frankly, they can take the whole month off if they like, but it should be communicated. @Andy, I know those challenges for Andriod, that is why I only have apple products. From desktop to mobile to network devices such as router and even TV and audiophile servers.... Just sounding out for my friends who are Andriod user. Won't be surprise that Airdog will sell through Apple store. quick question... i am sure somebody here will have already read the answer in the hundreds already given in the "follow track" mode.. where you use the leash to record a route then the drone will fly that same pattern, when it does... will it need the leash? heres my thoughts, would i be able to set up a "track".. that i get the drone to fly repeatedly filming lots of people at a sports day, but none of them have the airleash physically on them. i hope i explained it right. @Andy - Relative development difficulty is not the issue. The issue is the commitment to backers. (And really, not an issue yet....just a concern....and, heck yes, a few days off is quite reasonable.) Many of us are expecting Android because we were told that it would be available. Personally, I have never owned an iOS device (nothing against them; that's just how it's worked out) and do not see owning one any time soon. Without Android app, we will have an Airdog that we cannot use. You are completely right about the Android challenge. So.... @Creator - I for one am willing to help do alpha/beta testing of the Android app so that we can make sure it is available with the dogs. I'm sure many other backers would as well. I like hearing from the Helico team too, but after all these months of intensive effort, I think they're entitled to a few days off to celebrate the successful funding of this project. :-) I’m sure they'll be back in touch soon. Victor, the OS that the drone is running has little or nothing to do with the development of the smartphone apps... just as a website running on a Linux webserver doesn't load any faster on a Linux computer than on a Mac or Windows PC. I don't want to get into a platform discussion here--Android and iOS both have their pros and cons--but one thing that's pretty widely agreed upon by developers who have deployed apps on both these mobile platforms is that it takes about three times as many person-hours to develop an app for Android as it does to deploy the same app on iOS. There are several reasons for this, but a major one is what's called "fragmentation" on the Android side--the huge variety of hardware, screen sizes, resolutions, and other features on the market. It’s not uncommon to read of major Android apps being tested for compatibility against literally hundreds of Android devices before the apps ship. That’s expensive and time-consuming. More choice for consumers is good, but it means more work for developers. iOS devices, by contrast, have only a couple of screen sizes and resolutions for developers to deal with. The biggest Android fragmentation issue of all, though, has to do with the wide variety of Android operating system versions in use. While new iOS versions are rapidly adopted by most users (<url>’re going to support, and requires a great deal more compatibility testing than is necessary with iOS apps. As I said, it’s about three times as time-consuming and expensive. Thus it’s not surprising if Helico chooses to prioritize iOS development, since they can get an app out to more people in less time that way. But I’m sure they will follow through on their promise to deliver Android software eventually. Yes, I hope Andriod app is being developed thought I am an apple user. 3D robotics is running Linux base OS, so integrating with Andriod should not be a big problem. Airdog, please communicate more after you get your fundings... Don't make it looks like you guys are just after the money! Okay I found one reference to Android on Airdog.com. When you click on preorder it tells you what comes with the Airdog. Still says Ios or Android App. Scott, I believe he's talking about the airdog.com page where every reference to Android seems to have been removed. I realize that you guys are probably busy now that you've got your funding but please don't leave us hanging. 3 days with no communication? Victor Go, if you read through the entire description it states app will be in both iOS and android. You're covered. Somehow I feel that after Airdog get their findings, their respond to their backers are less often now. I hope I am wrong. Looks like they are developing for the IOS first. Their website did not talk about Andriod now, though they talk about it in the beginning. Just to clarify, there will be both iOS and Android versions of the app, right? Will there be a return to leash function for those that will be moving. Boat, car, pickup etc etc Will there be a return to leash function for those that will be moving. Boat, car, pickup etc etc "Do I need to go get a iPhone or will a iPad work?" You're safe--any app that runs on an iPhone will also run on an iPad, since they both use the iOS operating system, and Apple is strict about maintaining compatibility between all its mobile devices. One more thing I noticed. On the Kickstarter it says ios and Android apps. On your site it says ios but no mention of Android. Do I need to go get a Iphone or will a Ipad work? Thanks for all your hard work guys! Very excited! I did not buy a additional airleash because I read the Kickstarter price and the full retail price was going to be the same. Now its $295 on your site! You might want to shoot out a e-mail to all backers and give them a day to add them if needed at the $195 Congratulations everyone! As a professional camera operator that specializes in shooting action sports like pro surfing and motor sports, I'm frothing to get my hands on this tool. I think there's great potential for this product on the consumer AND professional level. I look forward to status reports and updates. And of course getting my hands on the Airdog ASAP... Thanks for the opportunity to get onboard early! This user's account has been deleted. Airleash is 295 now? Thought you told us it would be close to the kickstarter price. Can backers add an extra Airleash at the kickstarter price? Micheal, as people backed out of their early bird spots there was the opportunity (for a few seconds) to take that spot. Someone mentioned upgrading to the early bird special, whats this about, I don't see this listed? Video feed via GoPro wifi has 3-4 secs delay. Prieks par jums, prieks par mums un milzīgs lepnums par mazo, skaisto, zaļo zemi Baltijas jūras krastos ar atjautīgajiem, gudrajiem un čaklajiem cielvēkiem! Latvija VAR! Hi, congrats on the fantastic achievement of successfully funding the project with so much to spare. I'm a backer of 'both' projects - although at times there has been some friction between the camps I think competition is always healthy! I know you guys will have some very busy months ahead, but my 'wishlist' for the software is to have new flightmodes where 'flypasts' can be configured, as well as modes where the gopro can be orientated to look in various other directions apart from straight at the leash, for general landscape and more creative shots. For example for flypasts it should be possible to define a start/finish point and altitude relative to the leash (I know there is the 'follow track' option but in the case of a mountain summit for example it isn't possible to set it up this way) speed of movement along the chosen path, start/finish camera orientation (compass bearing and pitch angle) etc.. In this way it should be possible to set up a flypast of someone standing on a mountain summit, a shot of a waterfall as the airdog climbs alongside, or a panning shot along a line of buildings for example. Multi-waypoint paths would allow even more flexibility. What do you guys think? Well done once again! Good luck going forward. I am a 1 dollar backer. I will have to wait for the retail version of this drone. questions not answered.. Max speed? Was OJ driving the cars in the video? Please post some raw footage. Both you and hexo+ posted highly edited videos. 15 minutes of raw footage please. Congratulations everyone! Funded! This project was successfully funded just now. Congrats to the team and backers too :) Also snagged a forfeited early bird spot! Excellent campaign - now the hard work *really* starts! 13 minutes and counting!! Congratulations to the Airdog team! You really pulled it off great! Great going guys! Hey @creator, First and foremost, I'd like to congratulate the Airdog team on a very successful kickstarter. My question pertains to international shipping. Will the $50 shipping fee cover customs fees to Canada? Will you take extra precautions to ensure us international backers don't get charged a ridiculous fee to receive our Airdogs? Thanks guys! Upgraded to the Early Bird! Many thanks to the person that backed out :) Got the other drone beat! Just backed it. Looking forward for its November delivery. Congrats Airdog. Well, we (backers and Helico folks together) managed to beat Hexo+! Congratulations to all! :-) back it or not, 4 hours to decide ... :-) Suggestion: I know that you can have live video with the GoPro app but it will be awesome to have it the AirDog app would be even better. instead of just doing a reduced size airleash could there be a plan to have 2 sized airleashes (esp for the master/slave setup) it would be nice if there was a small one to wear but then there would be option to have large one with larger screen bigger controls or even more controls? Thank you for the answers. Any chance of getting an audible indicator on the AD itself in case it's buried deep in a tree or brush that could be activated by the leash? I wouldn't think this would add too much weight. Updated my pledge, you're now over USD 1.300.000 :) Will definitely order extra batteries, when they'll be available. Nice job Airdog, you needed $200K and now your approaching $1.3mil, very impressive. OK, I'm in, just pledged an Airdog Buddy system and pushed you over the $1,285,000 mark. Is there going to be any sort of audio or vibration warning on the AirLeash if AirDog senses a crash? I'm thinking if I'm skiing down a mountain and AD is following and gets into trouble I'd need some sort of indication that I should stop - hopefully loud/strong. I'd likely have someone skiing behind me just in case but it would still be a good feature. Also was thinking, if AD manages to crash into a tree or something will I be able to get its last known GPS coordinates from the AirLeash or the Android App? Ok, thanks for your answer. You are doing a great job with a really bright idea... Hi Helico Team, in germany we have a problem. the german administration or rather the customs authority confiscate products without a european declaration of conformity (see <url>° Degree rotation around me ? like this video <url>"virtual bubble", I asked the following yesterday and was wondering if you had time to think about it - I was, at the time, thinking about a configurable and directional virtual bubble as well: How will the system handle area avoidance as relative to the airleash? I understand that it will know how to stay to a particular side as related to magnetic north and therefore stay "upwind" of a kitesurfer, for example. But I am thinking about a broader capability. If tracking a person on a sailboat, for example, it could fly all around the sailboat but should not fly directly above it unless it is over a predetermined height. I also see this necessary if using 2 airleashes and transitioning from one rider to another. We would not want the AirDog to fly from rider A to rider B and crash into rider B or rider B's equipment (their kite, for example). hey guys what is the logistics with a bigger battery for more flight time? or when better batteries come out will It be able to be upgraded? @Creator, I guess the biggest hazard is the drone flying into the wearer, so could yoy maybe use the AirLeash to prevent the drone from coming too near? Maybe it's possible to create some sort of safety bubble around the AirLeash? I'm thinking of a bubble of approx. 3m in diameter (or whatever is required to compensate for the reaction time of the AirDog) which the AirDog regards as an area similar to the ones the area avoidance system is going to use. But then this area can actually move around. The AirDog can then adjust it's trajectory to pass by/over the wearer when he/she suddenly stops moving. Just a suggestion. :) Of course this will not prevent it from crashing into other people, but this is something you can never prevent completely. Using the AirDog also means people have to assess the situation and use the proper settings accordingly to create a safe environment for user and his surroundings. But I can imagine that people want to make shots with the AirDog closer to the ground then 3m, tracking their movements. Or, as someone already pointed out, make shots of them climbing (so maybe even film above them if that is possible). I just became a backer. I have also backed Hexo but i want to try this autonomous thing before 2017!! I am putting my hand up for scrapping the 3metre altitude minimum. Terrible idea. Don't limit creativity. Have a safe mode for lawyer types and a balls out mode for the rest of us. Risks aren't necessarily carried out in a park full of kids y'know or even with a person in or on a vehicle, RC car anyone? And that rock climber may look great from negative 3 metres. I would like to create more than distant establishing shots. Nice and close please. Great product guys! For obstacle avoidance, anyone knows anything about qelsafe.com ? Maybe can help. @Creator - Any collaboration on running 2 ADs if i go for AD buddy pledge, but i keep both with me? if you can convince us providing with 2 AD exclusive mode or stuff like that, it would make AD more special from the market existing drones. @creator Hello! I just backed $2045 plus $65 for international shipping and choose to get two kits. I would like to add two leash more but don`t know how, since it looks like if I mark the leash I will change my selction and loose the 2 kits. Help please! Thanks! @ creator Please do not do this!!!!! :/ " In the production version we will be limiting minimum altitude to about 3m (9ft) above the altitude of the AirLeash" Please make this an option that we can edit I really want/need Level fimling as an option for most of the shots I want to do How can I make it landing on my boat while I'm in the ocean? @creator; That s awesome! More then I had hoped for! Great job and keep up the good work!! :) :) :) Hey AirDog team! Latest video is Awesome!!! The cars stay in frame for a long period of time. Question? How did you initiate the 360 degree move with the Pagani at the end of the clip? Very cool maneuver! And can you reveal the base speed of the vehicles? In relation to my previous posts, I still had 2 questions I did not receive an answer on yet. So I'll post them one more time now. I hope you can find the time to answer them for me. Would really appreciate it! :) 1) What is the ETA on the app to be available in the Google Play/Apple stores? Will it be released far before the drones are being shipped? I really hope so. It would give users the chance to get used to its interface, give you the chance to fix any bugs that might pop up and give us the chance to start mapping or local areas in advance (pre-drone fun, yeey!!) :) 2) I have one more question about manual flight. Will the flight controller already be able to provide the same functionality as, let's say, a NAZA M lite module (<url>~45 mph, we all realise that this latest video could just as well have been shot using a simple Vauxhall (Opel) Corsa. But, as a car lover, I completely understand it's WAAAAAAAAAAAAY more fun to make a video showcasing a Bugatti Veyron and an even sicker Pagani Huayra!!! You must have really enjoyed making those shots! Where could you even vote? I never saw a color scheme poll anywhere??????? @Creator Are you releasing the results of the colour schemes before the campaign ends? I assume that the floater accessory will look and function like pontoons? Instead of buying this accessory, can we just improvise our own out of say styrofoam or minicell foam? Being able to take off from water and land on water will be very useful in sea kayaking, where the origin and/or destination may be too far away or inappropriate; and the closest land may be out of the way or inconvenient or impractical to go to. Just FYI, here's a useful site that shows areas (in the US only) where drones should not be flown: <url>#5/41.443/-104.678 It's mostly common sense: airports and national monuments. @Kent -- from AirDog team "Electronics are covered with lack. So they are splash proof. We have tested several times water submersion and our prototypes have survived after them. If AirDog is dropped into salt water, be sure to disconnect the battery and rinse it with fresh water immediately to avoid salt crystallization on moving parts and electronics. AirDog must be removed from water immediately after crashing. The longer it stays in water and the deeper it sinks, the more likely it is to be damaged. At the moment we are not providing warranty on water crashes. If you'll have a need to takeoff from water and land on water AirDog will have accessory - floater, that is currently under development." I read about the possibility of starting an airdog forum. Any more word on that? This may have been covered, but I can't find much on this subject. Does AD float? What happens when I crash in the surf, or a lake, or any body of water? Will it sink? Is the battery compartment waterproof? Is it possible for the camera to follow a persons AirLeash if it's positioned higher than the AirDog? Let's say you're a rock climber and you want to keep the camera at a certain height and climb past it, would something like this be possible? @Creator - how will the system handle area avoidance as relative to the airleash? I understand that it will know how to stay to a particular side as related to magnetic north and therefore stay "upwind" of a kitesurfer, for example. But I am thinking about a broader capability. If tracking a person on a sailboat, for example, it could fly all around the sailboat but should not fly directly above it unless it is over a predetermined height. I also see this necessary if using 2 airleashes and transitioning from one rider to another. We would not want the AirDog to fly from rider A upwind to rider B and go straight through their kite, for example. @Creator Thanks for clarifying the minimum range. Losing FOV at following fast movement such as moto cycle would be acceptable. but how about snowboarding? which will not ride as much fast as moto cycle. and actually wish the minimum range was lower that 10 feets. Again, i hope to believe AirDog can help to film myself showing as much enough recognizable big. @ Campbell, This functionality could be established with the free software QGroundcontrol. I believe the AirDog's Pixhawk flightcontroller is compatible with this software. Maybe Helico can confirm if the AirDog can work with this software or not? hey guys I had a thought. have you thought about making the air dog flight to a GPS position and then back again without the leash? plot a course with Gps coordinance, what height you want to fly at and what position to point the camera so you could do some scouting without having to move? I will take it if possible ;) Had to open up an early bird.. sad for me, happy for someone else! I agree totally with Andy. I will take a lot of precaution when I'm going to use AirDog (or any drone for that matter). And so should everyone else. But I'm pretty sure there are also some blatant idiots out there (because there always are) that will try and use this kind of equipment in traffic, on a busy slope or in busy public areas. And it's just a matter of time before someone injures anyone with it and autonomous drones will officially be forbidden. I really hope it won't come to that, but I'm afraid it's bound to happen at some time. So please, to all the AirDog users out there, THINK before you use your drone. Using this kind of equipment requires planning. Andy, High line of sight rates can happen at greater distances as well, and nobody here is expecting a drone to follow at 2m. However, 5-8 meters away is not unrealistic. High LOS rates is also why we asked questions about a 3D gimbal, since this would enable tracking of faster targets (in the yaw axis). Also, realize that Helico's has stated that prop guards are in the works and yes, you should always be aware of where your drone is flying. In short: Airdog was advertised as an action sports tool. I would expect it to follow subjects doing these sports (and not from 20-30m away). Ian It's natural to wish for dramatic closeup shots. But let's keep in mind the real-world limitations of any drone. Even if we assume that the electronic parts of the system have zero lag (which is almost certainly not the case), the drone itself has inertia. It's a three-pound flying object that can't change direction instantaneously. It takes a finite amount of time to alter the rotors' rate of spin (they have inertia too!), and still more time for the drone itself to tilt and begin to move in a new direction. Now let's suppose you are that motorcyclist in the video, and the AirDog is following you at five feet altitude and three feet away horizontally. You could easily swerve into the rotors before the drone could respond and move away... or a gust of wind could push the drone off its path in your direction. At best, you could end up with an unwanted haircut. At worst, serious facial lacerations could result. I'll say it again: before launching any large flying object, we need to be thinking "What could go wrong with this flight, and how can I avoid it?" AirDog's auto-following technology is a wonderful accomplishment, but it isn't magic and it isn't idiot-proof. thank you for the video and clarifying the behavior of airdog in closer ranges. Hi Helico team, I assume the videos shot were from the Gopro's widest angle view. How well does the tracking work with narrower angles? @Creator - just wanted to say thank you for answering my email questions before becoming a backer. Stoked for November! Can't wait to try out kitesurfing mode. @Creator - Just reviewed again all the posted footages and the question is how possibly Airdog can film the subject closely? the below comment you say it will lose FOV, but you know Gopro already got 170 degree fish eye lens and most of the footage those subjects look very small and the some times you will want to film yourself at a close angle rather than the background scenes. Would this be possible to control in AirDog settings? if so, how close you can have AirDog fly from you? I am excited to get my AirDog> I want to share my experience with the phantom vision+. It has a 3d gimbal. I was playing with it and noticed that roll and pitch of the gimbal get alot of use. The yaw movement does get used but the number of degrees used is small < 10 maybe. On the airdog platform it looks difficult to fit a 3d gimbal. It maybe simpler to incorporate a limited turn 3d gimbal on the airdog platform gaining most of the benefits. This would also help with the keeping the leash on screen as the gimbal can turn faster that the AD can yaw. Thanks for clarifying. @Helico - Thanks for posting that footage. It's a great start, but since the footage was cut in some pertinent places I have some questions. Here are the time stamps from Vimeo: 1. 00:06 - What happened to tracking the two BMX-ers after the jumo? Airdog seems to lose track. Any footage of this take after that? Same for 00:11 right before they are about to take a sharp left turn. 2. 00:28 - What happened when the biker flows out of the FOV to the left? Again, big fan (pledged > $2k), but just trying to get realistic expectations. I would also understand it if you would explain that work is still being done on the tracking algorithms. Tracking performance is the core of the whole system and avoiding disappointment with this capability is paramount. Thanks, Ian @Fuad, this is a quote from the AirDog team; "Yes, it is possible to switch from auto and manual modes. Note that you should provide your own RC TX and RX. AirDog supports PPM sum, Spektrum satellite and Futaba S.BUS signal inputs." Hope I hereby answered your question! @AndyB its in a picture <url>"we provide a charger with every AirDog" Good! Forgive me for asking the obvious, but I don't remember seeing this spelled out anywhere. You do provide a battery with each unit, yes? @creator Thanks for that info I am sure i will be able to find all sorts of ways to get it to work out along with lots of prior testing in a big open field on a bike first haha. few more questions one if the air dog was in front of me and i walked toward it would it keep backing up ? "you want a closer footage, but that is possible only in slow speeds and some more predictable environment " How slow are we talking here ? 30kph 50kph? If you put a software limit on how close it could fly to the air least what distance would you think this would be? Thanks for the reply @Creator, What is the ETA on the app to be available in the Google Play/Apple stores? Will it be released far before the drones are being shipped? I really hope so. It would give users the chance to get used to its interface, give you the chance to fix any bugs that might pop up and give us the chance to start mapping or local areas in advance (pre-drone fun, yeey!!) :) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Creater I backed AirDog project yesterday. I am looking forward to kitesurfing with my AD! I would like to know landing/launching place for AD. AD has small 4 legs which just can stay on flat space. I don't want to flat any surface of fresh snow when I do snowboarding having AD following me. If AD has float things on the legs, AD can stay on water. Thanks in advance. I am agree the focus now should be on tracking performance. I am worried , to you not? At the moment for me is not clearly demonstrate the real performance acurate at this moment and only 70 hours to time dead line. In their videos always show continuous changes of traking angle when the drone has be in motion. I believe it is necessary Helico must show a video that clearly appreciates for 10 seconds ,at least, for each of the different types autotraking that is capable of performing in this moment . Without any tricks video cut mounting management or external air control with another airleash or TX emitter. Also from the journalist crashed the 3D prototype now it seems they flying a quadcopter that initially was hung on one wall of his office. Some one more think like me? Yes. All this discussion on obstacle avoidance is great (frankly, I think Helico's solution has great potential), but is distracting. Focus should be on tracking performance. i would very much like to see a close up chase or side angle video at 10-15 feet away. maybe chasing a bicycle or even a runner down a path. @Loke - Agreed! Close-in footage is needed to assess performance. @Helico - Please let us know how Airdog performs close to the subject in dynamic situations. Thanks! @Creator In one of my emails, you said that the AD can follow as close as 2.5meters from the leash with a recommended safe distance of 5meters. Can you please show how this would look on a moving subject (e.g. motor vehicles) @ both distances? The demo videos shown so far seem to put the AD at quite a distance away, sometimes making the subject look like a speck in the video. Well seems like we all know what we wanted when we did the pledge. Same for me. I aimed for a robot that could do autonomous sports shooting AND have the ability to avoid dangers. I live in an extremely urban environment and have no access to wide open spaces without trees or lampposts or obstacles. And I guess Update#5's "What if your AirDog knew how to avoid walls and trees? We think you already know where we are getting now. We never dared to aim that high, but lately we have started to believe that with your support we could reach that 1 mil USD stretch goal. And if that happens we see that we can take AirDog to the hall of fame for drone technologies. " does not stand for anything. So I'm out. For the rest of you, please enjoy your Airdog on my behalf! :D "I think the avoidance solution talk has made some people lose focus of what made AirDog super cool in the first place." I agree. Unlike a few here, I backed AirDog for its primary function: as an autonomous, subject-following camera platform. Area avoidance will be icing on the cake, but I'm in this game for the cake, not the icing. "AirDog have stated numerous times and one their website that the drone should only be used in open spaces." That’s true… but consider some of the uses shown in Helico's videos. Skiing (drone must avoid colliding with lifts and trees). Wakeboarding parks (must avoid colliding with towlines). BASE jumping (must avoid colliding with structure). Biking (must avoid trees, power lines, etc.). These are all open-space activities, but they do have collision hazards. I’m lucky, in that my intended use is mainly over open water. When I’m kayaking on a lake, the only thing my AirDog could possibly collide with is a careless bird… but since birds are considerably smarter than drones, I’m not too worried about that happening. :-) But collisions are a concern for many AirDog users. “This talk of needing LIDAR to avoid lamp posts and people has me very concerned about what some were planning to do with this.” We're all going to need to think long and hard about what's safe and what can go wrong, before we launch a drone. For example, I assume that Joel’s car videos will be shot on a deserted road, an abandoned airstrip, or some other place that has no other cars. Using a drone to shoot moving-vehicle video on a public road would risk serious accidents, from distracted drivers if for no other reason. "Right now, there is one mode of track-use, which is 'auto-follow AirLeash but going by specified track'. Add another (and simpler/the simplest) mode of track use, namely, 'follow track without AirLeash'." Yes! Asakky has nailed it. This simple addition would greatly increase AirDog's usefulness. @Creator - Still request you guys do publish some footage of closer in following. The gliders were very far away and had very low line of sight rates. Maybe some BMX or skating with frequent and sharp turns to assess Airdog performance in actual action sports. Not trying to back out, just want to have realistic expectations upon delivery at the end of this year when I take Airdog out to the slopes. What happened to being impressed by an AUTONOMOUS FOLLOW drone, an awesome concept in itself? I think the avoidance solution talk has made some people lose focus of what made AirDog super cool in the first place. AirDog have stated numerous times and one their website that the drone should only be used in open spaces. This talk of needing LIDAR to avoid lamp posts and people has me very concerned about what some were planning to do with this. Please just let them focus on delivering it on schedule. On being not just NEGATIVE (saying where not to go) but also, and perhaps first and foremost, POSITIVE (saying where to go): Just wanted to reinforce/expand on a point already made before. There is already basic software infrastucture for dealing with tracks, in particular, tracks defined/recorded by AirLeash for use by a special form of auto-follow called "Follow track". Please consider exposing/generalizing this infrastructure and allowing tracks to be input interactively as well as by import (say csv file, generated from say a GIS). Then [better] decouple track-definition from track-use. So that any track, however defined, whether by AirLeash, interactively, or by import, could be used for any of the available modes-of-use. Right now, there is one mode of track-use, which is "auto-follow AirLeash but going by specified track". Add another (and simpler/the simplest) mode of track use, namely, follow track without AirLeash. So, 3 ways to define a track (AirLeash recording, interactive, file import) and 2 ways to use defined tracks (with AirLeash and without). Whala -- pre-programmed aerial photography of POIs and aerial mapping! To be sure, tracks intended for use without AirLeash might need slightly different/more peripheral information, such as viewing and circling parameters. No this is not obstacle avoidance. It's merely virtual boundary system. Obstacle avoidance means if there's a branch or a lamp post in its flight path, it sees it and dynamically avoids it. There are numerous examples of this working on other drone systems with reasonable parts costings. If this is not gonna happen on the AirDog as promised for the 1M stretch goal, it's a real deal breaker and I'm pulling out. Sorry. I pledged early on with hopes that the OA system will be implemented. Was happy for a while to see it being listed as a stretch goal, but when the update came out, it fell waaaay below expectations. I will not trust a robot drone that cannot avoid danger. It can potentially seriously hurt the user or people around. So if it is (polygonal) area avoidance now: If Creator is debating what the origin/reference for z should be, this suggests to me that a z-range can be specified, not just "0 to infinity". The set of possible specifications would then be: 1) -infinity to +infinity (in which case, it does not matter what the z-origin is) 1a) 0 to +infinity (but why bother with this form, when #1 will cover this, and without having to define the z-origin) 2) -infinity to z1 2a) 0 to z1 (but why bother with this form, when #2 will cover this) 3) z1 to +infinity 4) z1 to z2 So a total of 4 forms: 1 infinite volume, 2 half-infinite, and 1 finite case. BTW, in the context of aviation, I think that the above 4 forms of z specification, plus being able to specify both polygonal and circular areas ... will be sufficient to describe all the existing kinds of restricted air space. (Right?) Defining z-origin to be ground level at take-off seems natural, but note the issues when the area is hilly/mountainous. If the volume will be published for others to potentially use, the take-off point has to also be part of the specification. But before getting carried away with all of this, how about stepping back for a bit to consider the situation. A software feature (area/volume avoidance) is being considered, which is essentially NEGATIVE [Do Not Go Here]. If this complicated software feature is to be provided, please, can we also consider providing the POSITIVE [Go Here], which BTW is much simpler! In other words, pre-programmed flight path, waypoints/points of interest, circling parameters. So that AirDog is not just a one-trick pony limited to auto-follow but a wide-spectrum tool covering the capabilities of existing drones (e.g., DJI). I think this point was already made before (Andy Baird) and I hope well noted by Creator. Pre-programmed waypoints/flight path will enable AirDog to be used in what seems to be huge developing area ... aerial mapping! "I'm thinking more of mapping in advance, when you don't have anything to reference to, but where heights according to sea level can be made available on the map editor." Ah, I see. Yes, that makes sense... though I can't resist adding "...*if* you trust your maps." ;-) As an RVer who uses GPS constantly, I've learned that map databases can be way off. @Andy; I'm thinking more of mapping in advance, when you don't have anything to reference to, but where heights according to sea level can be made available on the map editor. Your drone his current height can be different from where you eventually would start your run/ride, no? "Why not have both options (from current and sea level) and have the user decide?" There's certainly nothing wrong with offering a choice, Justin, But I'm curious: how would the sea level option be useful? Most of us are not at sea level, so that mode would be irrelevant (and possibly misleading) for us. And for those who are at sea level, the "current level" mode would function exactly the same as a sea level mode--since the AirDog would be taking off from sea level, that would be the current level. I'm thinking of my days as a student pilot, when we were taught the ABCs: Altimeter, Belts, Canopy, Controls. The 'altimeter' part meant that before taking off--before doing anything else, in fact--we needed to set the altimeter to zero. That was to ensure that it read zero at the current ground level, because otherwise when preparing to land, one would get a false reading of one's height above the ground. I was told that a number of fatal aircraft crashes over the years have been blamed on failure to do this. I can imagine the same thing happening with our drones. But I must be overlooking something here. Can you help me understand what situations would be better suited to a sea level reference for AirDog? @Andy/creator; Why not have both options (from current and sea level) and have the user decide? Pix4d looks awesome but I saw their software costs only a mere EUR 6500 / year. Would be great though to map your surroundings in 3D like that. Manual flight to properly record would be a must then though. Talking about manual flight, I have one more question about it. Will the flight controller already be able to provide the same functionality as, let's say, a NAZA lite (<url>"6) for creative filming much wiser would be to use our "record lap" function where you will be able to tweak your flight trajectory! There are lot of ideas and getting visual data from GoPro via backdoor connection would allow us to do some interesting things" As I plan on using my air dog for production of car videos would Ibe able to record a lap of my route set some boundiers with the area avoidance but while actually filming be able to adjust itwith the 2nd air least to fly beside, infront, and above the car and the teathered air least? or preform shots where the airdog is on the left side of the car and pans around the front to the left and then drops back behind to film from above again. When I mean beside I mean with in a road lanes width(12ft) and same level of the car all your videos are from far above so far so just curious. "Z-axis is defined from take-off level (or sea level we are still researching best UX)..." I vote for takeoff level. Any scheme that requires the user to accurately know his or her height above sea level, and then do mental arithmetic, risks catastrophes of the "I set it to 10 meters, but it flew right into the ground!" type. I think the Airdog has a huge potential, but I think it can do more. Like what others has mentioned, the technology should be called area avoidance rather then obstacle. Will airdog open up your development and source code for other people to develop along side and contribute? Just like how Linux is being developed, and now serves as a backbone in many huge company. @Creator; I have to admit that I was hoping on a hardware solution as well, but at the same time also figured that it would probably not be possible. I simply couldn't imagine that, although you probably have some brilliant people in your team, you would come up with a reliable hardware solution for an extremely low price within such a short timespan and such a small budget as a side-project (the main project being the AirDog itself) where other scientists and companies did not succeed yet with it being their main focus and with more time and perhaps budget. Anyone that thought it was possible did not think it through properly. I am intrigued though that you are still working on a hardware solution as add-on. Keep us updated about the progress you make because it could very well be ground breaking improvements and technology! So instead of sulking about something that was unrealistic in the first place, let's talk about our current solution a bit more! Could you please elaborate a bit more on the workings of the software? Or as someone has stated before, the 'area avoidance' (which I think is a WAY better name for it and takes away some pretence that the term 'obstacle avoidance' implies). 1) Is the Z-axis user defined or always from 0 to infinity)? And what if we can define Z-axis, how do we determine the height of an object (according to sea level)? 2) What map is used in the user interface (Google, Bing, etc.)? 3) How will the AirDog react to the zones? Will it stop and hover or will it adjust it's course but maintain momentum to stay on top of the rider? 4) What happens to the AirDog when, in a fail safe situation, it tends to return to home or a safe location and it has to cross a zone marked as no-fly-zone? 5) How will the sharing be performed? Do we get to accept input from others? Can we overwrite it with our own input? Will it be much like the way the Waze navigation app works? 6) Can we use this technology to i.e. plot out a "path" the AirDog has to follow, allowing us to use it creatively and get shots from angles that were not possible without this technology? Thanks in advance! I was also very disappointed when I saw the video this morning. Was expecting a hardware solution where by the drone can sense the surrounding and make active decisions. For $500k, I think Airdog should start looking at something more "kick ass". Software solution has already been implemented by DJI long time ago. So is really nothing ground breaking here. Pledge over 1 million, but also use google map be a avoidance system. So sad, feel so bad. Post off here. A early bird pledge will free... Ok Aigars My english is limited, sorry. Is not my native lenguage. Excuse me , Are you from Helico Aerospace TEAM or Kickstarter? Change please, "Everyone" by X percentage of people (x=high in my opinion) I am not the only one, see previous posts. I am a early backer in the proyect , before the launch of 2ª or 3º goal. My disagreement is about the management of the 3rd goal. I am a professional in drones and what the market demand is an effective and active Anticollision solution. Remember when they said about give more detailed information avoidance system, "in the last 10 days of the campaign," you can call it marketing. Where was the problem to declare in the first moment the type of solution was a software? Also I am confused with "watch your language" Where write I bad or ofensive words in my post? My condolences if anyone was offended not all people talk english every day ;) Fernando, I am ready to take over your Pledge right now if your expectations are not met - most of us backed project before avoidance system even mentioned... Do not speak on behalf of everyone, please, and watch your language too. yup, I'm a little dubious after that. You led on that it was a hardware solution, or if not you knew that is what everyone expected. you SHOULD have said from the start it was a software only solution. I am an early bird pledge and picked you over Hexo, for the first time I am wondering if I made a mistake. Go bluff!! Everyone expecting a 3D sensor solution. You are presenting a solution of software to define restricted areas .. Assume that the collision avoidance system must be an added up safety and independent of GPS. And if the resolution of the google maps of the area is low? And if the gps has few satellites and loses accuracy? And if you have no wifi or data connection for preparing the map in place? Now I understand why You wanted not advance anything ahead of time? That was not a very clean play in my opinion. Not meet the expectations created when you launched the $ 1Mll goal and I think you know what. @Robert Gates Yes, the AirDog is powered by a RECHARGEABLE battery. The battery pack is also REMOVEABLE, so you can buy multiple batteries if you wish to enable you to take out a flat battery and put in a spare charged one and carry on filming/flying. @creator Thanks a lot!! AirDog must be having some power source hence it is able to fly. So just wanna know does it has a battery? If yes then do we need to charge it? I could not get answer of this and this is what I am trying to know and in return you sent me the Kickstarter Link?? Do you think we didn't have that link? @Andrew Marcionetti I to will be using my two Airdogs to film wakeboarding, cable, slalom and barefoot at our local facility. In terms of running two AirDogs, you will have to use two leash's. Im thinking of 3 angles at a time. i.e one airdog to follow side on to rider at about 2m height (I would go same heigh but if rider crashes then the airdog could also end up in the water...), the other to maybe follow the actual boat but from a distance back to capture the rider, and then the angle from where I am with my normal video cam from either in the boat or from land. For cable I'll have it follow just above rider height but at sent obstacles rise high or for a slider fly round in front of rider. The cable system is a diy 2.0 type system, so ill also program it using the app to fly high at the ends to get over the cables and towers before dropping back down to the rider for the return leg etc. But really, these are just 3 possibilities of about a billion!! Ohh its gona be fun times come November, the start of our summer here in New Zealand! Any other ideas on how we can utilize the tools that will be provided to make creative video? I got 2 coming and dreaming of how ill have 2 dogs following me wake boarding from two angles, Id guess ill need to wear both air leashes? or i wonder if I can program each a different shooting mode following the same leash? Im anticipating some crashes as with many of the much more expensive FPV drones I've owned. It sucks but it happens. Maybe Ill get one more set like Stanley. What you planing to shoot Stanley? An Airdog forum will be great. All good questions, Asakky. But what's more interesting to me is: how will the user define the no-fly zone? Remember, *we* are the ones who will be generating this data, since the scheme is to be crowd-sourced. Suppose, for example, that the internal representation used voxels (although I think that's unlikely), each of which represented a 10 x 10 x 10 cm (4 x 4 x 4 inch) cube. Great, that would give us very fine granularity--lots of precision. But now how would we as users specify those parameters? Let's say that I want to ride my bike down a street that has power lines crossing it every few hundred feet. Obviously those cables must be avoided by my AirDog. If I walk to the base of each utility pole, I can record the 2D coordinates of that pole, and if I do this on both sides of the street I can extrapolate the paths of the power lines in a plane. But how do I determine the heights of the cables? Even if I take sightings on the points where they attach to the poles, so that I know their exact heights at those points, that's not good enough, because each suspended cable droops in a catenary curve. It may be half a meter or even a meter lower in the center. How do I measure and specify that? You see what I mean. It’s not hard to imagine doing a walkaround with the AirLeash and/or AirDog and specifying a 2D area to avoid—a polygon on the map. But it’s hard to see how we’re going to extend that into the third dimension, when in most cases the heights to be specified will be literally out of our reach—not possible to measure from ground level. Unless, perhaps, the plan is to have us define a 2D area and then add the proviso, “This area forbidden between 4 meters and 6 meters above ground level.” That would be relatively straightforward to implement in software, but of limited value to users. I look forward to seeing what Helico comes up with. Whatever it is, it will have to be easy enough that a nontechnical user--an average mountain biker or snowboarder, for example--can easily do it, without spending time tweaking voxels in a 3D shape editor. If it isn’t easy, few will do it, and the crowd-sourcing scheme will fail. Wondering what the internal representation/modeling of the no-fly volume(s) will be: 1) closed 2D region on xy-plane projected from z=0 (sea level) to infinity? (where 2D region = choose from menu of shapes like rectangle, circle, polygon?) 2) same as above but allowing projection to be specified from z1 to z2? 3) a more general 3D solid model? e.g., composed of spheres, ellipsoids, generalized cylinders, polyhedra, etc.? 4) voxels? Noones trying to bash them, I fully support what AirDog is and trying to do to revolutionize the consumer drone market as I did pledge over 5k. Without seeing what the software is capable of or even the AirDog in front of me, I'm just trying to get this comment section going with discussion. Hopefully a forum will be up for us to discuss this more. Let's think of all the ways to use what they have / will develop instead of what they didn't do. I can think of tons of ways to utilize this method. I think it may even add to the ways to shoot something such as setting follow distance to 5 meters then creating a no fly zone 30 meters high for a portion of your path. Keep up the good work guy let's hit the delivery date!!!!! @Kevin, in the video they did mention 3D mapping. So I guess you can also set height. @creator, which makes me wonder: how do you determine the height of e.g. trees or rocks, when you are on a slope you have never been down before. Is the height you enter in relation to sea level? Or can you also set it to infinite? Or is height not a parameter you can input? I actually think this is a very good first solution, I for one like it as a starting point, not sure about it being 2d though, but I would guess that 3d is possible at a later date as well... For me, primary use would be a ski resort, this is good for 2 reasons, heth and safety, and while the amps are outdated, the stuff I want to avoid hasn't moved.. That with programming mapping makes for. Very usable drone with basic avoidance, albeit user defined... I only have myself to blame then if it hits something... Haha "people already use LIDAR for robotic projects to build a map to avoid objects." And these robots are traveling how fast? 2 mph? 5 mph? "software is another issue but I dont see how hard it can be" As a software developer, I can tell you: it's very, very, very hard. Let me offer an example. We've all heard about Google's self-driving cars, right? If they can do it, why can't Helico? (OK, there's the small matter of Google's multibillion-dollar engineering budget, but we'll ignore that for now.) Here's what most people don't know about Google's self-driving cars: they only work in small, well-defined areas where Google has painstakingly mapped out everything, down to the inch. Not just a quick drive-by with a Google camera car--they've made ultra-accurate measurements of the location of every signpost and curb cut in Sunnyvale. If you took one of those cars and turned it loose in Duluth or Riga or Shenzhen, it'd probably ram the nearest fire hydrant. In other words, Google's cars rely at least as much on an ultra-detailed knowledge of a tiny "safe area" as they do on object avoidance. In a sense, this is the same path Helico is taking: rather than adding an array of sensors that will cover a 360° bubble (adding weight and cutting flight time, as Campbell points out), they're going for a "know the immediate environment" approach, just as Google has done. Sure, in the long run we'd like more. But this is what can be done now. there is the problem of how senses do you have because the air dog will flying in so many different angles you'll need more to cover all of the angles of the air dog. then there is weight. More weight less fly time . forgot to add, these sensors go from a few meters up to 40 meters for LiDAR, people already use LIDAR for robotic projects to build a map to avoid objects. <url>"area avoidance." It will help people at some popular venues, but not in most places... and sine the information will be crowdsourced, it will take awhile for a database of skate parks and so on to be built up. But although it's not a general solution by any means, it is one that's relatively straightforward to implement, and should not affect the AirDog delivery schedule. Rather than thinking of it as a major added feature, we should think of it as a nice extra for users in some popular recreation areas. It won't help me in the kinds of shooting I have in mind, but I'm glad to see it included just the same. And it will only get better as the years go by. Yea I must say 500,000 for a software update that uses 2d maping, I was hoping to use it indoors. Also was hoping for something more like senses that create a bubble around you're air dog that will stop anything from potruding into the air dogs space, either by changing directions, going under or over it. even if it stops and then you have to tell it which direction to go around the object with the remotes or app and the air dog remembers that the nexttime at that obstacle. I feel yeah @Stanley Fu this doens't help with the type of car videos i want to make and avoiding bridge decks, light poles, signage, tunnel walls and ceilings. Oh well will work in some areas just not all. this is why i went with 2 air leashes will reley on a partner or my self to avoid many obstacles we encounter. I do like this for terms of DNF if it loses connectiong to the air leash it wont try and fly back to the start and fly right into a wallor waht ever.Seems like we can almost block off a little path for it to fly in to get there. One thing is I don't see why this needed such a high goal if its just software based/gps mapping No pro at that either so not sure how much additional work it would take. I was actually expecting a LiDAR module or sonar instead of software base... What if I was using the follow function and a sign comes up or light pole... Hello AirDog team, although not quite what I expected from the obstacle avoidance, I can see how it can work. It does raise some questions though; 1) What maps are used for the geo-fencing? Is it Google Maps, Bing Maps or something else? I've noticed that Google Maps for my local area is waaaay outdated (several years behind). This could give some trouble when trying to enter the no-fly zone since stuff is not on the app while it is there in real life (like this entire new residential area they put a couple years back which still isn't in Google Maps). 2) What does the AirDog do when closing in on or entering the no-fly zone? I'll add more questions later when I come up with them... :) Very smart way for a first obstacle avoidance - I like it guys! This user's account has been deleted. @Robert Gates The Airdog runs on rechargeable batteries that will last about 10-20min, depending on flight speed. The batteries can be swapped out so you can by multiple batts to keep you filming longer. The airlesh will also be rechargeable, via usb I think. I recommend watching all their videos and reading through the comments on here and the 'Frequently asked questions' section. They already have a lot of information on here about how it works. So to help them out I suggest you search and read through this Kickstarter page, their website, facebook and even youtube channel. If after looking through that you still have questions, then Im sure the Airdog Team will be happy to answer them for you. @creator Superb Idea, Loved the project. Just wanted to know how AirDog works? Do we need to charge the AirDog? Does it has a battery? Please help me to know it better. @creator On Monday evening , would the announcement about obstacle avoidance include a video or just explanation of how it work? Will AirDog consider to hold 360cam (<url>"On Screen Display" system? I sure would like to see another goal. I would be willing to pledge more to add on another feature or have an additional accessory come with it. Add on a battery pledge and have another quarter million bucks to work with. My vote for color is a black body with silver colored arms! Great work guys. Hi guys, Last night I upgraded my pledge to the 2x airdog deal and so very nearly got u over the £1mill. I am glad to see this morning u got there. I have a serious question though about the obstacle avoidance. I haven't read any details on actually "how" this would work. I am particularly concerned about impact on battery life also with the system, how would running this extra system affect the overall,runtime of the drone, and in areas with no obstacles could it be switched off to improve battery life? Thanks guys It's not clear just what material the "Game of Drones" guys are using, and it's questionable whether it would be applicable to AirDog, even if they were offering it for sale as raw stock—which they’re not. They are promising (for shipment “soon”) nothing but prefabricated rigid (non-folding) airframes. They're not offering materials to other drone manufacturers. They've made a lot of claims about how durable their airframes are, but all you can tell from their website is that they appear to be plain-vanilla thermoformed shells, bundled with some cable ties and gaskets. Maybe they are stronger than some other brand, and maybe not. The "amazing" part is all in their ad copy. Since no end-users have yet gotten their hands on these airframes, at this point Game of Drones has to be regarded as a successful marketing campaign rather than a successful product. In any case, as Bobby points out, their aims are very different from ours, as exemplified by their motto: "If it flies, it fights." Well, no--I'm not planning to do any fighting with my drone. In fact, an increasing number of states make it illegal to carry weapons of any sort on a drone--as well they should!--making Game of Drones's pugnacious slogan look like juvenile bravado at best, and an invitation to regulatory crackdowns at worst. I’m satisfied that Helico’s current airframe design is well suited for AirDog’s purposes. If Game of Drones actually has made some miraculous materials-science breakthrough, then the raw material may be of interest. But right now, what they appear to have most of is hype. I’m not worried that we’re missing anything important there. One thing I like about Helico is the absence of hype. The game of drones folks have an amazing material to make AirDog's airframe out of. Their objective for a drone is much different than yours. (aerial combat and such) just as innovations in NASCAR get integrated into passenger cars. They could be on to something that could work with AirDog. "i would really like at least one extra one [battery] shipped at the same time as the kickstarter campain pledges are shipped. Would be nice if we didn't have to wait to order one off the online store with a differnt shipping date." Or if we could order batteries from Helico *before* the AirDogs ship. Either or both would be very welcome, because it's a safe bet that most of us are going to want more than one battery! @creator Is it possible to add another option to the pledge list for batteries now? As i would really like at least one extra one shipped at the same time as the kickstarter campain pledges are shipped. Would be nice if we didn't have to wait to order one off the online store with a differnt shipping date. I guess the next goal is $1,306,920? ;-) How about a video of the AirDog in a china shop, showing off the Obstacle Avoidance Solution? Amazing! Grats AirDog team! Can't wait to see your video on Monday! Thank you whoever stepped up and pledged so the rest of us can now get obstacle avoidance technology. Welll there you go Done. Less than $1k! They surely would need the Airdog and not the leash ;-) <url>"If for any reason AirDog loses the AirLeash signal, it will hold its position at the point where signal was lost. The AirDog will hover for 30 seconds, then do one of the following: a) fly to the takeoff spot, or b) land at the spot where the signal was lost. " Please, Please, don't forget c) land at a safe predetermined spot. Thanks, Clarin "batteries that will be easy to slide-in and connect will be only provided on our online store." I can understand why this is desirable for engineering reasons. But "proprietary" often translates to "pricey." I hope that you'll be able to keep the cost of your batteries competitive, since you'll be the sole source. And keep in mind that this is a vulnerability that your competitors can exploit: "Our drone runs on standard R/C batteries that you can buy anywhere, unlike Airdog's." After my earlier comments about the dangers of “feature creep,” the following may sound as if I’m contradicting myself. But I’ve been thinking about where Helico and its supporters will be a year or two from now. AirDog was introduced to the world as a camera drone with the unique ability to track its user. That’s why more than a thousand of us backed this project, and we all agree that Helico needs to focus on delivering that capability at the end of this year. I’m confident that they will do so. Make no mistake: others will soon copy the “follow the user” feature. They’ll probably do it with cell phones, and it won’t work very well… but they’ll be able to make the claim, and prospective buyers may not realize the difference until it’s too late. And let’s face it: given a choice between buying a drone that follows the user and one that does everything a normal drone does AND follows the user, many will choose the latter. Nobody wants to buy two drones when one will do everything they need. But as Helico has noted, AirDog has the potential to be flown manually, and that opens up a whole world of possibilities. It can be an all-purpose drone, not just a “one-trick pony.” It’s good to say “Our product has this unique capability”… but it’s much better to say “Our product can do everything the others can do, AND it has this unique capability.” And Helico has a key advantage: unlike its competitors, every AirDog ships with an AirLeash. If, say, DJI wants to do a really good job of user tracking with its Phantom Vision drones, it will have to convince users to pay a hundred bucks or more for a wrist-worn controller. But all AirDog owners already have that controller… and we know that even in its first version, it can do many more things than just tell the drone where to point the camera. Helico has pointed out that even now, AirDog can be converted to manual control by adding a third-party controller. That’s OK for those who are already experts with this technology. But for me, and for the many other potential buyers who are first-time drone flyers, it’s not enough to be told “Buy a Futaba XYZ-1200 transmitter and a FlySky ZR-99c receiver module, and you’ll be in business.” Helico has a staff of brilliant engineers, and their emphasis has always been on making their products easy for non-technical, non-expert users to take advantage of. I believe that in the long run, they can and should extend this approach into the realm of manual flight. Manual control and first person viewing (FPV) go hand in hand. Yes, one can have FPV now, using the GoPro camera’s Wi-Fi capability and GoPro’s cellphone app. But the range is quite limited, the displayed video typically lags several seconds behind reality, and there are reports that the 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi transmissions interfere with controller signals on the same frequency, leading to out-of-control disasters. This is something that can and should be done better. Another example: AirDog’s first-generation smartphone app already has the ability to “train” the AirDog to follow a path. The user can even tweak the path before setting AirDog in motion. That means a list of GPS coordinates is stored internally and played back. Now, it’s not much of a leap from there to letting the user preprogram that path by importing coordinates, or by designating them on a map-based user interface. This is what Asakky was looking for, and it shouldn’t be a major effort to extend the existing software to do it. In the long run, it makes sense to make AirDog fully competitive with drones such as the popular Phantom Vision series, adding the manual-control, first person view and other features that the others already have--and doing it better, smoother, slicker than the competition. Then Helico can address the entire market, instead of saying in effect, "Buy AirDog to shoot sports videos, but for anything else you'll also need a conventional drone." I’d like to see AirDog turn into a do-anything, go-anywhere drone that makes all the others look crude by comparison. Again, I'm not suggesting that Helico consider these additional features for the first iteration of AirDog. After the first AirDogs have gone out the door to Kickstarter supporters, after the staff has had a chance to kick back and celebrate their well-deserved success… then it’ll be time to ask “what next?” I hope these and other suggestions will be considered then. $4k to go! So exciting! PLEEEAAAASE tell you you guys will have pre-orders open after the KickStarter campaign for a 11/14 delivery? I want an AIrDog sooo bad but have to wait til next month (-_-) ....will go into the history.....sorry for my english... Go....go....go ...another 9k and you boys will be in the history!!! Congratulations from Rome!! Is today the day that we hit a cool million? @Justin, i would say it is pretty good, Airdog where confident enough to give the drone to a journalist to try out, and he managed to actually switch it off while flying it (wrong buttons pressed), and it came down out of the sky like a rock... Didn't look damaged at all... And Airdog appeared to have no issues with it, though did suggest they would be changing the button configuration so it could not be done by accident again... ;) @Creator: Does this mean that QGroundcontrol can't be used? And how rigid is the drone? I don't expect it to crash often but it's very likely that it will happen eventually. Will it survive? Do you have any experience already with the prototypes? Are the parts easy to replace? I understand this is very likely to be the case for the props. But I'm curious if this also applies to the foldable arms / gimbel. Hi team ! I would like to know if you will make the 3D files available for everybody ? (For the parts like arms, or other that have some chance to be broken.) that would be great ! Thanks, I cross my finger for the million, I'm sure your awsome work will be rewarded ! forgive me if i missed the answers to these questions: 1. if airdog loses connection with airleash and the mode is to fly back to home, what happens if the battery life doesn't make it back home? 2. since you are using a pixhawk, are we able to take advantage of the default modes when using an RC? 3. any pics of the new smaller airleash? 4. any plans for a diy kit so that we can utilize your electronics on our own frame? keep up the great work! looking forward to your success and delivery. i've given up on hexo and have their pledge on standby pending the next 7 days. David, There will be circumstances (depending on target vector and Airdog mode) that will require the camera to be moved in the yaw axis. Without a 3D gimbal, this movement will need to be executed by the drone itself. If the movement is rapid, maneuvering the entire drone is going tone less fluid/fast than having a 3D gimbal make the correction while the drone is catching up. I would like to see a 3D gimbal on Airdog, although they have said the loads on the gimbal would be too great. Not sure what that means however. Regardless, I'm still a big fan (while hoping for 3D). - Ian Asakky a 2D gimbal compensates for roll and pitch movements the aircraft makes. Those movements are caused by wind/air currents and the need to move the aircraft in various directions. Yaw is not necessary to fly this aircraft, only to point it and the camera in some direction. As can been seen in videos linked below a quadcopter could fly while spinning circles. For us it is not useful except in a failure situation. For the Airdog Helico can program the yaw movements to some speed so the video is smooth. As can be seen in the videos they do a reasonable job of following a target without jerking too much. I know the focus is on auto-follow of moving subject, but will AirDog be usable/adaptible for doing inspection of, say, utility poles? I guess this could be done either by manual RC or FPV mode, but will or can there also be a pre-programmed/waypoint mode, wherein we provide the coordinates (including altitude) of desired viewing points, possible circling parameters, and flight path between viewing points? If this capability will not be available out of the box, is this something that can be straightforwardly added later? Hi, I am an engineer, but new to drones. I understand pitch, roll, and yaw. But I'm confused by conflicting statements/messages on 2-axis (2D) vs 3-axis (3D) gimbals. On one hand, I read that 3-axis is not needed. On the other hand, from the HEXO+ discussion, people seem to want it, it seems to be a good thing, and 3-axis was eventually made into a $200 add-on pledge (if I understood correctly). So, how to reconcile these contradictory messages? If it is not needed, why do people want it? What is the benefit of 3D? Just to make sure I understand: does this mean I will be able to purchase third-party 4S batteries and put them into slide-in cases that I purchase from Helico... or will Helico be the sole source for AirDog-compatible batteries? Hello, My question is how does Airdog handle loss of sight of the Air leash? For example, the airdog is overhead, and you go under a roof and it can no longer see you. Additionally, can not remember if I read somewhere that the airdog (in addition to any batteries you may begin to sell) will accept common RC Batteries. If you could confirm this to be true it would be much appreciated. I would like to state how greatly excited I am for this project. I can not wait to see it to its completion. As of current, Approximately 25 full backers until completion of the 1.0M goal. Hi What country will be shipping the airdog to assess customs charges. Best regards Hi What country will be shippung the airdog to assess customs charges. Best regards I hope the back door you are designing for the go pro will keep it water proof?? Thanks for the message back guys. Just another question, any chance there is a way that the phone will be able to be linked through the leash to get further range if you have pledge for the Master pack? Would be cook to be able to select tracks etc on the fly from the shore while someone is out riding with it. Have you guys checked out the game of drones folks. <url>"Theoretically with 3D gimbal one can achieve better results, because the copter does not have to yaw it's body so gimbal can yaw smoother. This is done in big industrial copters for aerial photography as well as some hobby grade copters designed for hovering and flying slowly along straight paths. AirDog is designed for aggressive flying constantly changing its directions, during such maneuvers 3D gimbal would experience high overloads and would not work as during regular flights. Regards, AirDog team!" This user's account has been deleted. Creator, is there any chance the gopro can be mounted with a 3-axis gimbal? @Creator; Hexo stated in their latest update (probably aimed at bringing your plan into discredit) that obstacle avoidance is impossible in current time or near future. They did link to the following page: <url>"lag AND interference problems." Wolfgang makes some good points. As a software developer, I know how tempting it is to add feature upon feature. This is especially true when you have a group of bright, enthusiastic customers, as is the case here, who keep coming up with ideas for improvements or additions. But "feature creep" can lead to missed shipping deadlines and also to "feature bloat" (see MS Word for a good example). There are certainly features I'd like to see in the long run, such as integrated first person view (FPV) capability (I gather that GoPro's Wi-Fi-based version suffers from lag interference problems), and an easy way to add manual flight control on those occasions that call for it. I have my wish list, Kevin has his, and I'm sure others here do as well. But any product development process needs priorities, and a Wolfgang points out, there comes a time when you have to declare "feature freeze," stop adding features to the list, and concentrate on implementing what you've promised for version 1, leaving all those tempting extra goodies for a later iteration. It's up to Helico to decide when it's time for feature freeze, but I hope and trust they'll have the discipline to do so in time to ensure that they can deliver what they've promised on the schedule they've promised... even if in the short run, it may disappoint the dreams of a few folks like me and Kevin. This won't be the last AirDog, and I'm sure that whatever extra features we don't get next November will show up eventually, either as software updates or as add-ons offered in the AirDog Store. @Creator I have been thinking a little more about the Recon/Jet/Oakley possibilities, and taking on board what Andy has said, live view, while this was my 1st thought, i have been thinking a little harder about this, and the reality is, if GoPro could come up with a viable way of connecting, then, they probably would of already, they use wifi and not bluetooth, contour use bluetooth and not wifi, so i see the differences... And as the Recon HUD only integrated wifi into there unit last winter, it may be that the range is simply not enough... However, on a deeper realisation that i don't want to be disappointed, i actually had a moment, where i think this is possibly a good thing, maybe a live view is not the way to go, it would be complicated, take up time that could be better spent elsewhere, and is really not that important. However, if you have used recon, then an app designed for the HUD that can take info from the leash or the phone app, for location in conjunction to the user, i.e., which angle shown on the screen with basic info, like altitude (from rider) current user profile (i.e. program 4) etc, would in fact be much more useful info in regards to what you need, this would mean you don't need to look at the leash or the app, and would be less distracting than video, and for people trying different runs etc, could be beneficial when thinking about obstacle avoidance as well... Especially in the short term if only supplying a simple avoidance system... I wonder what your thoughts are on the implication and i am happy to wait, but think this would be a very cool application of the tech in a much simpler way. Recon runs on a stripped out version of Android, and i know i don't understand how it works, it seems to talk reasonable well to collect data or transfer data efficiently from Android and iOS for use in the display... Question about product development / focus: Can you elaborate on the scope of the development that still needs to be completed? From what I can tell there has been great development so far and a solid project timeline. I just want get some confidence that there will not be any feature creep that could derail the project, since I have seen some failed kickstarter projects due to feature creep after they have been backed. At what point will any further development go towards rev 2? At what points will there be a design freeze? Again, happy with what I'm seeing now, but would appreciate some further detail. Hay guys. Sorry, but about the colour schemes how will we be about to choose the color? did I read you have some polls going? Plus how will we be able purchase extra battery pack? Thats the one, Recon HUD is who supply the electronics for the Oakley Airwave, as for being dangerous, i have racked up about 200 days using the HUD, and i have never considered them to be dangerous, how i use them, are, i connect a Contour+2 to my stepsons helmet, he is 8 and learning to S=snowboard, coming along extremely well, his camera, connects to my goggles, so i see him, if he is behind me and falls, i can see his fall and as such his reaction, this gives me peace of mind, and allows him to not feel "watched" by me, so he progressed at a faster rate because he felt trusted... If you can integrate into the Recon, then Oakley automatically get the feature... So do try, and if you need a guinea pig for beta testing, i have the goggles already so can help out from my end for sure in real world testing. I understand it may not be possible or slow in coming, but what a feature it would be for the gadget freaks... Seeing where the drone is following you and still there would be amazing...! @Andy, i understand that, but the implementation would be really cool as a selling point, and give the ability to have what is a LIVE view in your eye would be something that could be awesome... The programmers there i imagine would make simple work of getting it sorted... Hehe Just curious guys what the minimal height is for airdog to hover above ground? Seems like most of the demo videos were filmed with a hight of 20 feet+. Can we expect airdog to follow / hover as little as 5 feet+? Stoked to be supporting you guys! Already purchased two! Kevin, if I understand correctly, what you're looking for is to have a GoPro camera transmit live video to a pair of Oakley sunglasses. Seems as if this is a job for either GoPro or Oakley to tackle, no? Helico isn't involved, as far as I can see. Even if they were, it wouldn't be "a simple strip down of the already developed APP you have, to have just the live view," because as far as I know, the AirDog app doesn't have live view. You have to use the GoPro app for that. @creator Thanks for answering with honesty ! It's funny to see that pledges have raised since the other company released their vidéo ... Maybe there's no link, maybe there is one ... I know this is a very very long shot...! But i will ask... I use Oakley Airwaves for my Goggles, and have the capability to "see" footage from a Contour+2 Camera, i know that you don't support the camera, but the LIVE view from the drone can/is implemented into an APP so you can live view from the GoPro to the phone... Is there ANY possibility that you would be able to integrate or develop an APP for the Airwaves, they allow 3rd party APPS and they run on Android, so the implementation, i am guessing would be a simple strip down of the already developed APP you have, to have just the live view... If so this would make it an awesome platform with integration that allows so much more in winter sport... And with the development of Recons Glasses, which make the internals for Oakley, this would open up summer sports as well for Live View... Ooooh the possibilities if this could be done... ;) On the subject of the GoPro 4 that is slated for release Oct/Nov, maybe a price promise for new fitment at cost for original backers when the time comes will put at rest the people that are investing now, maybe for a limited period... Just an idea... It will certainly go a long way to showing loyalty to the people backing your project now... ;) I'm not sure what the fuss is about, i was backing both, i didn't like there marketing from almost the start, celebrity endorsements saying how great there device was, without ever seeing it, is marketing, just like direct mail marketing is marketing, it all works, now they sound bitter and twisted with people over there slating the device over here, the long and short of it is that it is BUSINESS, and direct marketing is an acceptable method for approaching people that have an interest in a device of a particular nature... As for what there drone can do, well i am here and not there... We all know how tech works, the 1st device is usable but not always the best, devices like these can be updated (software) to make them better, the 2nd model no doubt will be far superior 2 years down the line, but to be an innovator, and to have it to use now, we will buy and put up with the sometimes niggling faults. It is the same with any type of device... We understand that, we accept that, or we would not back these devices... To me it sounds like sour grapes over on the other project, and bitter twisted sniping, time will tell which is the better device, in the meantime, i will use mine THIS winter, while they will all be waiting more than a year... ;) As for the GoPro scenario, i use a 3 black, and from what i understand the 3+ and the 3 are both supported with no changes of hardware, even though the 3+ is a smaller device, if the same footprint falls for the 4, then it may be a smile question of weight, which can be advised nearer the time, but i'm sure will not be an expensive option if they are released after the drone comes, but the other thing to remember, is that if you have a 3 or 3+ now, when the new drone comes out, for editing purposes, is it not a good thing to have 2 cameras...??? so you could still buy the new 4 and have very acceptable footage from the 3/3+ from the drone and have more footage for better editing... I know this is a lifestyle choice, but as a family, that skis/snowboards, we have 2 Contour+2's and a 3 black and 3+black, as there are 4 of us, we use all 4 cameras, when the 4 comes out that will fit in nicely to have 5 viewpoints on editing... ;) Hi, What are the chances of getting a gimbal for the Giroptic Full HD 360 Camera (also on Kickstarter)? <url>"cadet" pledge, follow the campaign and start saving for an AirDog at retail price (and a GoPro). Keep up the good work! /Kristian Hi guys, Thanks for putting across your views on the GoPro mount. I totally agree with you guys on the fact that there is no concrete plan or announcement from GoPro. My only hope/wish that if there is a new model and there is a change in dimension that makes the mount given by Airdog team not usable with it, there can at least be an option (even if at an additional cost) to have a compatible mount rather than the Gopro Hero3/3+ mount. Hope I have made my opinion clear without sounding like an arrogant backer :) I do not intend to make unrealistic expectations, just to have an option. Especially since there has been a new Gopro model every year. @Creator, Thanks for being so darn onto it, with, well, pretty much everything!!! It was only months ago when I was thinking about the potential for this very kind of product to use at my local cable and wake park here in New Zealand. And all of a sudden there were two products being advertised. You guys have obviously done a lot of hard work and put a HUGE amount of thought into this, and its obvious this hard work is continuing and will continue throughout your campaign and beyond. Having watched with interest for so long and having kept up with all Q&A's, updates, vids etc. I just realised having noticed a sharp increase in sales in the last 36hrs and certain backers deals running out, that I had not actually backed your guys hard work!! So to keep the momentum rolling towards what will be an epic $1M, and to support the great work you guys have done and of coarse to secure myself one of these sweet drones, well 2 actually... I've decided to become backer no.908!! Keep up the good work, Tom, From all the way down here in New Zealand!! Like you, Srikeerthi, I plan to buy a GoPro Hero 4... *if* it ships before the AirDog does. If not, I'll have to go with the Hero 3+ model, since I have no GoPro camera at present, and I'll need something to use with the AirDog. The question is what Helico can do, given the present uncertainty. I've seen plenty of rumors and speculation about the Hero 4, but there's no reliable information about when it will ship, or what its specs will be. It's a fairly safe bet that it won't be larger than the Hero 3, but could it be smaller? Nobody outside of GoPro knows. This puts Helico in an awkward position. They can't make promises (e.g., "AirDog will ship with a Hero 4 mount") based upon unknowns. And for the many people out there who already have Hero 3 series cameras, the current configuration will be just what they want, so Helico's present plans seem reasonable for most users. They *have* promised to make new Hero 4-compatible mounts available when and if necessary. That's about all we can reasonably ask of them. Personally, I'm guessing that the Hero 4 will be a specs upgrade, but will retain physical compatibility with the Hero 3 series. If so, our worries are over. That's pure speculation on my part, of course! But the way I see it is this: given the enormous add-on ecosystem that has grown up around the Hero 3 cameras, it wouldn't be in GoPro's interest to break compatibility with all those accessories. True, they did that with the transition from Hero 2 to Hero 3, but there were far fewer users and far fewer accessories back then. To do so now would be a major pain for current users, and might drive them into the arms of hungry competitors such as Sony and JVC. Again, I'm just speculating about what GoPro might do, and I could be completely wrong. But in any case, it seems as if Helico is taking the most reasonable course: planning compatibility with the best and most popular action camera on the market today, while promising to support future models if they require different mounting hardware. Hello Srikeerthi, Since there has been no announcement from GoPro about an anticipated Hero 4 or even a release date, nobody outside of GoPro would know what the form factor might be. I think it is unreal to expect the AirDog engineers to design for this unknown. The current Hero 3+ is what is available today and it's great at what it does. 1080p at 24 and 60 FPS is often integrated into Broadcast TV and commercials. I'm sure if AirDog is successful at the release, then, they will be on top of any GoPro form factor changes when they become available. Hi Airdog team, I am one of the initial backers pledged at the early bird level. The reason why I have backed this project rather than the other is because of the thought put into the project and maturity of the team to assist and clarify any doubts. I know you have answered my query before, but seeing that there are quite a few other backers asking for it, could you please consider providing the Gopro 4 (or whatever model comes out) compatibility as standard? I do not have a Gopro3/3+ (I only have a Gopro2 which is not compatible) and I intend to buy the newer version when it comes out in Oct/Nov. The current Gopro3 mount bundled is pretty much useless for me if the new Gopro ends up being different in size. Please do consider offering the mount that would be compatible with the latest Gopro available in November as standard for your loyal backers. Any other backers think this is a good idea? <url>"Iris is a quad copter, Air Dog is a quad copter. Iris has many complaints... What have the AirDog folks done to overcome the lift capacity of a quad copter?" Bobby, I don't speak for Helico, but I know that the lifting power of a copter isn't solely, or even mainly, determined by the number of rotors. The power of the electric motors, the size and pitch of the blades, and other factors are very important. In short, it's not a case of "four rotors good, six rotors better." If that were true, we'd all be flying octocopters. Helico's recent downhill biking video showed the AirDog fully operational and easily tracking the rider at up to 37 mph. Their Pikes Peak video showed the AirDog flying at 14,000 feet altitude. Any helicopter pilot can tell you that lift is greatly reduced in mountainous flying, so the fact that AirDog performed well with only about half the air density at sea level is testimony to its lifting power. Those two demonstrations alone are pretty good evidence that AirDog is not underpowered, I'd say. @kevin, i found the husband at 33€ <url>#.U8LSacuvQm8). Hope this coule help dôme of you guys DYI Iris is a quad copter, Air Dog is a quad copter. Iris has many complaints about being underpowered and not able to maintain altitude and stabilization as the battery gets low. What have the AirDog folks done to overcome the lift capacity of a quad copter? If it hadn't been for Hexo+, I would not have found Airdog. Hexo+ was all over websites I follow because of Xavier and I was sold at first, but when I started looking into it more and then discovered Airdog, my decision changed. Awesome job on Airdog guys, far more functional for my use. @Creator: since you are so happy with GoPro (me too!!), will Airdog be compatible with the Hero4 when it comes out? If the camera is different in weight/size, etc, how will that affect the gimbal/stabilization? I've been waiting to upgrade from my Hero2 to the Hero4, but if it won't work with Airdog I would settle for the 3+. Thanks Hi, -@justin, thanks a lot for sharing your searches I'd really love to control the drone manually and i think i'll go fort the small drone you've told me ! -@Creator, Kevin, Andy ... I agree with you, their video is really disapointing, poor tracking, only straight line, looks like the guy is using a recorded track ans only run after the drone. I don't like to criticise the other company because they have some good ideas and I respect their work, but I can't understand why so many people backed them ... Price maybe ... I'm glad backing Airdog, since the begining and until the end ! Good work ! Hey team, thanks for your answer. I agree with you regarding GoPro as best Action cam. I wanted more to add additional functionality to shoot panoramic photos and videos. I think it is the best 360 cam out there! @Andreas: Thanks a lot for your message and explanation. I will also try the same with AirDog once I have the cam and AirDog. The best thing that can be said about Hexo+ is that they are at least six months behind. Literally. AirDog projects delivery in November, while Hexo+ is talking about May. That disparity is obvious when you compare the two companies' videos. AirDog's many videos show smooth, continuous tracking over straight and curved paths with a variety of sports, in a variety of following modes, at speeds up to 37 mph and altitudes up to 14,000 feet. By contrast, Hexo+'s single long-overdue demo video shows marginally acceptable tracking of a man running in a straight line for about a hundred yards across a field. This is clearly a barely-working very early prototype. Hexo+ may yet produce a good product. But as of now, it appears they've spent more time gathering celebrity endorsements--from people who have obviously never seen a working Hexo+!--than working on their design. They obviously started late, launched their Kickstarter campaign prematurely, and tried to make up for it with PR hype. They have a long road ahead of them before they will approach the stage of refinement that AirDog shows right now. Even then, as long as Hexo+ attempts to implement tracking using only a cell phone as the anchor point, their system will be at a severe disadvantage--in range, in accuracy, and as Kevin points out, in usability--compared to AirDog. I'm glad I backed AirDog. This user's account has been deleted. Well, the time has come, and the "other" kickstarter project produced a video, and now i am only backing 1 project, and as i can still post on here, i bet you can guess which one it is...!!! Haha The reasoning is in my mind very simple, i don't think it has been thought through as completely as this project, even the simple fact that you MUST use a phone with an app is a pure non starter of me, and when you think about it, it makes sense, i would imagine that as much as 40% of usage from this drone will be winter sports... Has anyone here, tried to use an iPhone in the winter at anything less than -6 or -7, if the battery is not fully charged, it will shut down, and even when fully charged it does it sometimes... I have most of my winter at between -10 and -15, but it can be as low as -32, so with a leash, while battery levels are seriously effected, i can still operate... The next is, an unprotected camera, no waterproof case, in the cold... Sorry i can't stop laughing when i think of this... Lol. So i would like to say thank you to AirDog, for actually having the foresight, the thinking, and even listening to all suggestions and giving us an alternative, that i cannot wait to get my hands on... It's gonna be a long wait to November now... ;) @Julien Rey (and all the others that are considering to use AirDog in manual flight as well but have no experience with flying drones yet); * I have found this really fun and cheap drone to practice with. The Hubsan X4 v2. Around €50 (in the Netherlands) which is $68. According to the RC specialist store I visited, flying a small drone is similar as flying a large drone. He told me that, if I could fly this Hubsan properly, he would easily hand me the controller of the DJI S1000 premium he had in his shop which is a drone of roughly €10000 ($13600)). Really cool toy to practice flying with! * According to this same shop the best RC controller / receiver combo, price/quality wise, would be the Futaba T6J & R2006GS 2.4 GHz FHSS which costs around €160 ($220). This is a 6 channel controller and receiver which, from what I understood from earlier AirDog team replies, is compatible with the AirDog hardware. Hope I helped the community a bit with this info! How high can the drone flight without problem?, i want it to take aerial video. How does Air Dog compare to Iris? There are many complaints that Iris is under powered. @creator, thank you for all the video updates, however i noticed that the air leash is still rather "big", i know you mentioned that it would be a third of the size when production starts but i'd be curious to see the smaller prototype? keep up the great work! i'm sure we will all hit $1M fo sure then if you can pull off object avoidance by the time this campaign ends, i'll opt for another doggie! @Creator; Maybe I missed something, but is there already an update on the additional color milestone? Are the results of the poll already in? I'm kinda curious what colors we're able to choose for our flying puppy! :D Will you ask for the shipping address at payment time on 26th July or nearer the shipping date in October/November as I might be changing countries in a few months. @Jitesh: I'm also planning to use the 360cam - not as a action camera but to do the overview shoots. On my question about the extra weight from the camera (180 gr) the AirDog team answered: "Adding weight to AirDogs body can technically work but it needs to be distributed evenly otherwise it will affect manoeuvrability and flight dynamics." So I'll attached the 360cam without gimbal underneath the AirDog in the center of gravity. @Justin: Yes, it's what I meant to say. I should have given example of safe landing spot, like beach, or bottom of the ski slope, landing spot... Now, Airdog is the perfect drone I have always looked for, it could even top that if we reach the $1m mark :-) :-) :-) Hey Guys, do you plan a mount for 360 cam in near future? You will help a lot of people who are confused with their decision? @Clarin: then I misunderstood your remark I guess. I thought your option C was the same as option A. But you mean to let it lift off from the boat and, in case of signal loss, let it land on the beach, right? Clarin, also bear in mind that Helico has promised attachable floats, and that AirDog is waterproof, at least for short immersions... as is the Hero camera in its waterproof housing. (That's a feature no other camera drone in this price class offers, to my knowledge--the others all fly the camera "naked" to save weight.) So although ideally the AirDog will be able to land at your boat's current location, even a water landing should be survivable. @Airdog team You ROCK!!! :-) @Justin I don't recall they did From Helico; "If for any reason AirDog loses the AirLeash signal, it will hold its position at the point where signal was lost. The AirDog will hover for 30 seconds, then do one of the following: a) fly to the takeoff spot, or b) land at the spot where the signal was lost. " Hay guys The follow track mode are you able to save multiple track? to be used later. i ride western horses and want to have the airdog following my reining patterns . there is only so many reining pattern and they are all similar, consists of riding big fast circle, small slow circle, spis and sliding stops all at a lope. also will the airdog be able to change modes automatically? so go from following me on the inside of the big fast circle, increasing speed to get ahead of me in preparation for following me on the outside for in the small slow circle again increasing speed to get ahead of me in preparation for look down mode for the spins and then to and then back to following the inside again for the sliding stops. at all times keeping the camera on me? hence why being able to take the time to program this flight path and save it would be ideal. @Clarin, I'm pretty sure that they already mentioned thus functionality. Hi Airdog, I plan to use my Airdog while sailing and if the Airleash loose it's signal it would be great if you could add a 3rd option: C) fly back to a safe landing spot The reason is that the takeoff will be from a boat and soon after takeoff the spot will be over water! I see that, this could be used by many different sports like paragliding for example. Where, if you loose signal you know that your air dog will be waiting at your landing spot... Thanks Awesome new footage I saw on Facebook! Keep up the videos. They really are fun to watch :) "The AirLeash display warns you (flashing lights and sound signal) you when AirDog has reached 30% battery capacity." Here's a suggestion: add a vibrating signal. Many of the sports you're targeting are noisy, so an audible signal may go unheard. And in most cases the operator is not going to be looking at his or her wrist often enough to see flashing lights. But a warning vibration will probably be felt in almost all cases. Seems like a good idea to include it, no? @Doua, it will fly to the course it is set at the distance from the leash that you set. so the theory behind this is that while it will have an optimal distance, it will vary depending on where on the track you ride... I would imagine that the course cannot be changed, but it can be "directed" for different vies, flay ahead and film etc. the follow track seems to be different from "lap" but i would imagine that scenarios are set as a given for safety reasons, so that it could never fly too far from the leash itself. The range is 300m (est) but lets be honest a lap could be a mile or 2, if you fell and injured yourself, the drone flying off on the lap itself could be a danger to other in landing area etc you would normally choose. So i think, that this would be a scenario that could not happen, and has been dealt with already with safety in mind. I did consider this and many other questions myself, but the more i see Airdog answer questions, the more i see, this is a well advanced project that has some serious thought and implementation in it already... That is not to say that there are things they have not thought about, and i know all suggestions are greatly received even if they have already implemented them, it shows what kind of interest and different usage and scenarios the users are thinking about... It also means we can come up with new ideas that may or may not make it into the final product, which is also a huge thing for us as users... ;) a question about "follow track" mode. after i do my initial lap and airdog has its trajectory flight path, will it then follow that trajectory path while keeping me in the video at all times even if i stop in the middle of the flight path or will air dog continue to follow the path regardless? in short, the pre-determined flight path is like boundaries for airdog to use while filming me as i move, correct? @creator.... The video is really cool and I get the mode you used. But would I be able to set the dog to stay a certain angle the whole time. Just because by me I can think of a few spots that I would have a cool session. But I would have to keep the dog on my left side the whole time. Also would I be able to set more than one angle and distance in a time line ??? What happens with AirDog if the battery would have a low level or drone lost signal AirLeash? @creator(Edgar); Thanks for the thorough explanation. And NO WAY I will back out of this project. I love this concept way too much. My main purpose is indeed filming while, in my case, I'm snowboarding or longboarding. I just figured that manual flight with this drone can open up more versatility for this drone in usage and I was just curious to the possibilities. Hence my questions. But I understand that this is not the focus of the AirDog project and I do not intend to steer you in any way from your set goals. I'm just glad that the possibilities for manual flight are there, including the pitch control of the camera as stated in the other reply (again thanks for the replies team). I will just be patient and see what you or the expected community of backers will bring us in future updates. I will redirect my questions for manual flight to the suggested forums and websites from now on. One last question; someone asked earlier if there could be launched some sort of forum on your main website. I know that forums can be created real easily nowadays and they go a long way in creating a community where future owners or potential backers can discuss ideas for usage, show off footage they shot and or talk about new possibilities for the AirDog. It does not have to be all shiny and perfect from the start. Is this something that you already considered starting? If not, are you open for it? Maybe even someone in the community can make it for you? I'm even willing to try and set it up for you (although my experience with building a forum is only limited). With best regards, Justin Hi, Sorry if I have missed this answer if already given, but what happens if I am barreling down a mountain run on the bike, with air dog tracking me and the battery gets low. I won't be watching the drone to see what it's doing, so where will the drone look to land, which I assume is what it will do. If it does, how will it know where is safe, and how will I know where to find it if I wasn't watching? @creator; You stated before: "Its is not possible to adjust roll and pitch via Airleash or smartphone. [...] We still recommend manual piloting via additional RC system if you require advanced movement control which includes controlling gimbal." What do you mean with that exactly? That standard you can't control the gimbal but with an RC system you can? The only thing I want to do is control the pitch of the camera. Much like what can be seen in this video at 16:20: <url>"stock" pixhawk vs your modified version. Will we be able to use all of the Pixhawk features or will the unit that gets installed be altered or crippled of any of the "stock " pixhawk functions? @creator; One more question and then I'll shut up for a while. Does our puppy also come with LED lighting for orientation and visibility in low light conditions (again mainly useful in manual flight, but still)? @Creator; Are there actually things that you didn't thought about? ;) I already predict some hilarious situations then. Clumsy as I am sometimes, I can already see myself selecting the wrong program and seeing my AirDog running of to a completely different location because the starting GPS coordinates are miles away. Possibly crashing into the nearest tree of course. Obstacles avoidance will be an absolute must then! :D . Maybe a good thing to let the smartphone sent out a warning if the starting GPS coordinates are more then a dozen of meters away from it's actual location? In case the team didn't think about that scenario already... Is the DX6i (Spektrum) controller compatible with the AirDog? I'm new to the world of RC's in general, so any guidance, links to pertinent sites with relevant info would be great....thanks! I'm just trying to get a run down of all that would be needed to get the most out of AirDog... =) Hey AirDog team, thanks for all of the additional information you keep posting daily. It helps to reassure that we all made the right choice in backing AirDog. I can't wait to get mine!! I saw this video on your YouTube channel: Indoor cable wakeboarding <url>"should" be more stable in terms of footage obtained, I would look to use probably 60fps at 1080, and then use image stabilization to trim any footage to give an even more stable look while cropping to be closer. If that makes sense, then you will see that you can be further away to obtain the same result, albeit at a lower frame rate. But certainly more stable and better resolution. It will be a matter of playing and trial and error for the first few days weeks, but with a good solid community, and sharing of results, it will certainly make things easier to work out. @Andy, it's not that you need training wheels so to speak, and they are not that hard to fly, I guess the biggest thing is knowing what the front is, when you are traveling in a different direction other than away from you, some drones have the ability to have forward as always away from you so it makes no difference which direction it faces, I am not sure if this could be implemented in the Airdog or not, but it should certainly be possible, but they would need to answer that, the actual flying itself and stabilization should always be there and even in manual you will have a gps capability I would assume allowing you to just hover, but as I said, that does not mean it will sit still... I started with an AR Drone 2.0 and now have a DJI Phanton 2 vision +, that is a rock as far as ease of use goes! but it is very small and quite light so wind catches it very easily. But the images obtained are very stable... Personally, as I already said, the ability to fly it, is pretty much taken care off, if you are looking at stuff that isn't what this is designed for, then it is buying the controller and learning, if they can implement a very simple switch to auto from the leash, then that would give you some safety in regards to rescuing any encounter you are not sure about for sure. But with the ability to program flights paths, laps, tracks etc, for me, this is simply not needed with this particular drone, even if I got rid of my DJI I don't think I would buy an RC for it. I agree with the comments from Justin and Julien. As with many here, this will be my first drone, and while Airdog's autonomous modes are the main attraction, it's inevitable that at some point I'll want to take control myself. The thought that at that point I'll be suddenly on my own with no help from the drone's considerable onboard intelligence is dismaying. Now, I realize that this isn't AirDog's primary purpose. But it certainly would be appreciated if some type of manual or manually guided flight were possible that took advantage of the drone's ability to stabilize itself. Call it "training wheels," if you will, for novice drone pilots like us. Andy, A couple of meters would be fine. I'm looking at the 3-7 m range for boarding down a mountain. Hopefully we'll get to see the performance at these ranges soon. - Ian Somebody recently described a drone of this type as a "flying lawnmower." That's only a slight exaggeration. Those fast-spinning props can cause serious injury or even (in at least one recent case) death if they come into contact with you. When AirDog's maker posted that "catching AirDog in midair is possible, but it is quite dangerous and we do not recommend this," this is what they're talking about. Getting too close to a drone is very dangerous. Considering that a gust of wind can easily push a drone in an unpredictable direction, I wouldn't want to have one flying closer to me than a couple of meters. As Kevin said, safety first! Hi Kevin, Thanks. That's elevation, but how close to the Air Leash? That's most important to a lot of us. - Ian With safety in mind, i believe Creator recommended 2.5 metres above the ground in a previous post, but the reality is on level, felt ground the drone could be lower, but i would not want to try it... Safety 1st... ;) I would like to know how close can I get my dog to follow me? Manual control would be exactly that, no protection form your mistake, a 6 axis control, basically has one joystick for forward/backwards, left/right and the 2nd joystick has up and down, in terms of flying, it is very simple, but as there will be no algorithms to take control the 1st thing you need to be aware of, is that you will have some play in the system, DJI has a failsafe whereby the GPS allows it to hover, but that does not mean it stays still, it will still move, according to wind, and it will not move back necessarily to where it was when you took your hands form the control, the only thing that should not change is height, but that is still variable according to how high of the ground, so there will still be a variable... The last thing to remember is that the drone will react slower than you, so if you fly forward, and take your hands from the control, it may still be moving another 5 meters or more depending on the speed it is travelling... A decent RC 6 channel control system is essentially what you need to consider, and for that you will look at between $200-250 I would say that it is probably better to understand the drone itself and how usable it really is without manual control to start with, to be fair while it is nice to have the availability to manually control it, from what i am reading with how usable it is, you may just find that a 2nd leash is more beneficial and more controllable in everyday use... I totally agree with you Justin, I never flew a drone too and I would like to practice with airdog. What you describe would be perfect, hope that it could be real ! Ah! Right! ........... Problem is I have never flown a drone before. So I have absolutely no idea what you just said. :P I will take what you said and do some research myself. As this will be my first drone, I was wondering though, if it is easy to fly manual? Will there also be some fail safe features implemented for manual flight? A bit like the DJI Phantom has? I know this is not the goal of the project, but on the other side, many people will regard an autonomous drone perfectly suited for beginners and thus this drone can also be the perfect thing for making the first steps into manual flight. All the sensors are already there for support. Height control, GPS and maybe even obstacle avoidance. I see potential for a great and gentle learning curve for manual flight where you disable more and more systems which prevent you from making mistakes. I'm intrusted in Justin's question. In fact I dont have any RC, do you have some advice ? Awesome! I'm a happy panda now! And because of your continues good support, because I can't wait to have a drone and because I've lost my faith in the Hexo+ because they didn't show any footage of a working drone so far (not even as much as a simple prototype leaving the ground) even though the community requested this on numerous account, I've just upped my pledge to the $1250. So ready for this! :D P.S. to you or the community. What's a good controller which is compatible with the AirDog for manual piloting? @Lorant & Justin, it is my understanding that the batteries are generic 4S batteries available from most hobby shops, that is not to say you will get the same quality, but once they finalise the design etc, i'm sure you could source from pretty much anywhere, and i know they have already mentioned they will be selling from there website for ordering with the drone. So i would just wait a little, until the dimensions of the battery are shown, no one can do anything anyway... I am looking at an extra 3 or 4 batteries myself... At least...! So if they are reasonably priced it will still be better to buy from Airdog themselves, as the batteries will be tested in the drone, rather than looking at something that has no testing... Batteries vary in so many ways...!!! I'm with Lorant on this one. I would also love to get some additional batteries in the first order. Would also safe us some extra shipping costs because it can be sent within the same box. Some extra accessory sets as additional pledge levels is a good idea! :) What type of batteries are compatible with the Airdog? Not being from the US it would be important to me to order extra batteries from you when the Airdogs are shipped or to be able to buy them in my country. Shipping them separately from the US would cost too much. Maybe you could have some pledges with extra batteries. I would definitely update mine. Thanks for the clarification. Would the yaw axis not be more stable when a gimbal can adjust for small deviations versus the whole drone? This might also be the case when there is rapid movement from the subject, close in. Thanks (still think the project is awesome. Keep the updates coming). Him Gents, Any plans to integrate a 3D gimbal in the future? (Still eager to see close-in footage when you get it!). Thanks! Following up on Roger's and Griffin's questions about landing on soft surfaces (sand or snow)... longer legs might be one way, but in snow they could sink right in, unless they were a couple feet long, which is clearly impractical. i think Rutger has the right idea: call it "snowshoes." I'm thinking of lightweight, perforated plastic circular pads, two or three inches in diameter, that snap onto the ends of the existing legs. They'd weigh less than long legs, and would pretty much guarantee that the AirDog won't sink into the snow or sand when landing. You could offer them as an accessory item for a few bucks. Rutger also asks whether it's possible to land on top of the AirLeash. I suspect that could be hazardous to the wearer, but I get what he's talking about--in any kind of boating activity, you want the AirDog to land at your current location, not at your launch site. It's not clear to me whether this is already in your plans, but if not, it should be. Sailors and kayakers, for example, are going to love AirDog. (Maybe you should add snap-on floats for the landing gear as an accessory item.) I'm so fond of this campaign that I just upgraded my pledge from $10 tot $1245 :). But I got a similar question as Griffin Turner has, what about landing on soft snow? I plan to use it mostly while skiing. Maybe attach baskets/tellers on the landing gears (like ski poles have)? Is it also possible to land on top of the AirLeash so I could catch it? That would also be useful while sailing. Keep up this great campaign :) Hi, Another question regarding the Airdog (apologies if this question was asked before) - What does weather resistant mean for the Airdog? Dust/splash proof? Would the airdog survive (accidentally) landing in water? Thanks First off, I just want to thank you guys for responding to so many questions on here and the FB page. Its definitely helped a ton and all of the email updates have been great. My question is about beach landings since I will mostly be using airdog for surfing. From the video it seems like you would have to have a very flat and firm beach surface due to the legs being so short and two of the props being located on the bottom side of the drone. Would airdog be accurate enough to re-land on a cardboard box(or similar) by itself, or is there going to be a separate beach/sand landing component such as longer legs? I have another question regarding manual flight. Is it also possible to remotely control the gimbal so you can control yourself what the camera is filming? And how will this be done? By smartphone? You guys rock with all of the updates.. The BBC one pleased me most, shows that you guys are working things out and actually testing your products, not just expecting that they will work first go. +1 from a mech engineer Guys. I just backed you up 2 more airdogs (4 in total). So you better deliver - with obstacle avoidance :) This user's account has been deleted. Could air dog work in indoor condition? thank you for update #7. your candor is greatly appreciated and welcomed. it's nice to see you put yourself out there. it gives us backers more confidence in what you're trying to achieve. What they actually stated was neither here nor there, the only fact that matters, is they have not shown any. I have backed both, and if they do not provide it I will pull out, I am happy with the proof of concept here. Which is all that is required for me... @ Andy: Hexo+ has not shown actual footage shot with their drone yet. What you've seen so far are clips shot with another drone piloted by a human. Read their comments section. Many people asking for real footage of the drone in action and also a lot of people starting to worry if they can actually deliver what they promise. The Hexo team said they will try to show some footage before the end of this week. But it's not sure if they are going to make it... Not to get off on a thread about Hexo+--I'm sure they are sincere about their product--but I thought it worth mentioning something interesting I've noticed. Look at their sample video footage and compare it to AirDog's. The Hexo+ footage is made up of very short clips cut together. They almost never show more than a few seconds of any one shot. This leads me to suspect that they have not yet mastered long-term stability, tracking or aiming... if they had, they'd be showing it, yes? By contrast, Airdog's demo footage has plenty of long, smooth, continuous tracking shots that amply demonstrate how well the system works. Now, maybe eventually Hexo+ will work this well. But right now, the video they are using to show off their product shows that they are well behind AirDog in smooth functioning. I'm glad I backed AirDog! Hello AirDog team, Some people, myself included, like to use filters on their GoPro cameras. These filters fit onto the GoPro either with or without the underwater housing, and add additional weight of 8-15 grams. 1. Will the AirDog gimbal be able to accommodate the additional weight of a filter and still balance out without burning up the gimbal motors? 2. Could you balance the additional weight of the filter with an additional counterbalance weight and still not damage the gimbal? I wanted to vote for my favorite color, but your poll page requires Facebook membership. News flash: many of us don't use Facebook (for security reasons, among others). Please make it possible for us to vote without joining FB. For the record, I like number 19 (red/black). I would guess that it would be trial and error, but it is certainly an interesting thought, simple enough to work out where the weight balance is, but i would only use with a double sided adhesive so as to remove... You would also have to consider as a thought, that there would be no landing gear as well...! As a comparison, an AR Drone 2.0 will not carry a GoPro 3 as the weight is 2 heavy, it will lift about a foot, and then just struggles with anything else... I would be interested to see video from this on an air dog though, that could be awesome, but i would think it would only work well in Hover Mode... @creators but from the weight (180 gr) would it be possible to lift it with the AirDog? I don't want to take action videos with the 360cam, but it would be nice if I could just attach the 360cam lift up, make a little 360 overview, land and then start with the real action. @creators can I put this camera under AirDog? <url>"Worlds First" anything, is merely marketing... It clearly isn't the worlds first, it may well be the worlds first commercially viable that we know about, but that is all... The "other company" claim the same thing, I have backed them too, the difference, is they haven't even provided any video of a working prototype yet, I believe you have... I am excited to see more, but I understand why we can't right now. Hi justin, Hexo+ is from Grenoble in France, I don't know why they say there are based on the US but I'm pretty sure that they are in France. * I didn't meant sonar (which is for underwater purposes) but ultrasonic of course (like bats use). Sorry, english is not my native language... :P I was wondering if you could already give some information about the collision detection system you are working on. I understand that you can not give all the details yet (because of the competitors out there) but maybe you can elaborate on the type of system you are going to use (optical, laser, sonar?). Or is it too early to give anything away? . And just out of curiosity. I noticed that you and the Hexo+ company are both from the same area, is there any relation between you and the Hexo+ team? Who started developement first? Are there members of one company that have switched to the other company (or started the other company perhaps)? It just seems too much of a coincidence that there are 2 companies from the same region that started developement of a 'worlds first' item at almost the same time who also happened to be in the exact same place. Maybe I'm completely wrong on this, but it kinda looks like either someone from your team was not happy with the way things went so he left the place and founded the Hexo+ company (and tries to catch up in development) or that there was a similar company in the vicinity of you who caught some glimpse of what you guys were doing (or heard the rumors), saw the potential of it and decided to jump on the train as well. Is there any truth in these assumptions? $16,000 a day in backers gets you to the million... Exciting... ;) Hi guys, Awesome project and can't wait till it ships. Would it be possible to post some close-in footage? My aim is to use Airdog when I go boarding, and I would like to have it follow me 10-20 feet away. All your footage is taken from a distance, so it's hard to judge close-in performance. Thanks! there have been many successful attempts of object avoidance with walls or big objects where the copter stops, this can be done with IR sensors. the trick is to get it to recognize a thin branch poking our from a tree or a thin powerline or another copter for that matter all the while moving at 30mph+. here's an example: <url>"AirDog switch program 2" or let it go back in case of emergency by saying "AirDog return home". Or come to you by saying "AirDog here boy". ;) Maybe, to not delay the release, just add the mic (which wouldn't cost that much and also should not require that much space nowadays) and add functionality later by software updates... But atleast the AirLeash is then prepped for it... With best regards, Justin Can't wait to have one ! Is it possible to configure the Airdog so that the gopro is looking away from the leash, ie. for creative shots where filming the surrounding landscape is the intention instead of filming the user? If so, in this configuration is it still possible to use the air-leash to push/pull the Airdog in the desired direction? I would also like to be able to configure the Airdog to perform an overhead 'flypast' with the gopro looking straight ahead instead of yawing to stay focused on my location. From your description of the flight modes I think it may be possible to configure a flight path using the 'Follow Track' mode but it would also be nice to perform a flypast where it is not possible to pre-prepare a track with the airleash, for example when standing on top of a mountain. The 'Circle' setting should be fantastic and I'm really looking forward to working with it, but it would also be nice when you're developing the software if the user could select from several other pre-set flight paths (such as the 'flypast' mentioned above, variable altitude during flight etc.) and just configure the variables as required. Thanks, and keep up the good work! Guys, Best stretch goal ever. All said, keep it up! V @Kevin H. yeah i also want to use it for more car based stuff, mainly lapping and, time attack. 70km would be fine on a short track or in the corners but on a straight where you cant hit 185-200+ wont quite keep up. now if it could be told to film up to one section then cross the track and wait at the next corner thats be sweet, but it would be well past the 1000 feet range. @Creator. If the signal on the leash is lost due to range will it automatically reconnect once its back in range ? and continue filming like programmed toor just go into a defult follow mode? @Jeol, that is certainly an interesting question, i have a use for this in drifting, which wile speeds are not always in excess of the maximum, on the bigger courses, there is no way that a 70kmh drone could keep up... I discussed this with a friend, who i am backed with for a BUDDY pack, and we figured the best way was the inside of the track using the LAP option and walk the track internally to address this so the drone would take a shorter route and thus have the capability of keeping up. On the flip side to this, i want to use this for recording SBX which is a straight downhill course and would record mapping so as to ensure the centre of course in some areas for keeping it at a safe distance form obstacles, so this would not work, and speeds can very easily be in excess of the maximum. So i don't know what the answer is. I am certainly happy with the speed for now, and will work with the device to better understand it through the winter which will help. I'm also sure that once footage from peoples drones starts appearing, conversations with the developers will happen as to how best address certain scenarios just like these. And maybe we will be surprised. It is all about open conversation i think, and this is why a good forum will be a cool idea on ALL parts, it allows open conversations, it allows a subject to have one conversation with many people and saves so much time for the developers to answer questions and include us in being part of a community that benefits all concerned. Will the speed ever be able to be increased with software updates? Thank you, it read as only USA would get the avoidance technology though, just wanted to clarify this function, if met would be on EVERY air dog regardless of geographical location that was all... Although in your video you did state ALL. ;) Ooooh just read the full goal... "$1,000,000 US AirDog get’s an obstacle avoidance solution at no additional cost." That kind of impels that those outside of the US will not be getting it, can you clarify...? I love the idea do obstacle ovoidance, but I don't think that it is feasible with tech right now, I would hope that you work on it rather than rush it out the door and have a half hearted system... Maybe putting the sensors required into the drone, but not activating that feature until the software side of things is spot on would be a much realistic promise... This is a game changer when right that is for sure... Just don't make promises that can't be kept... ;) and how would this affect the delivery schedule if it does delay...? I would rather have without than wait another 6 months just so you know... I hope you make it to the 1 million, I am so looking for an obstacle avoidance solution. I want to use a drone mountain biking in wooded areas. Do you know anything about Qelzal dot com and what they offer? How yours will compare? Do you know whether that system will be compatible with yours? It would be so great to have something working well enough to take it with me on rides. Is there any hope that you'll release an DIY Kit as seen at HEXO+? @john right about now i have to say that i don't think i could cope with the ridiculous legislation etc you have in the USA. I thought Norway was bad, with rules that govern the rules that govern the rules that govern what you want to do, we have some crazy rules, but they work, very hard to understand but they do work. But lets throw this out there as something that sounds crazy, in the USA, some resorts (snow) are on federal land, and the FAA and the federal Government in there wisdom, have decided that drones are dangerous, and they are worried by people being hit by them and the risk of injury... Yet the same people, will allow ANYONE regardless of ability and safety to ride down a hill, unsupervised over a 20 metre kicker, and risk death, with NO HELMET... Sounds like you have the whole safety thing nailed over there... Haha. We are slightly different over here, you MUST wear a helmet under 16 end of story, and as a whole you will generally find that 95% of people do. And while it may come as a shock to be hit by a modern day drone, it is very very unlikely to kill you...! Unlike falling over and hitting your head on a rock which could, and is ok... Crazy rules... @Kevin, @Agris - given my current investment in drones, yeah, it's worth keeping on top of these things. It's important to also take into account the AMA rules with regard to operating models - this is the "nationwide community origination" in the US, specifically their rules for how close to other people you can be and operate a model aircraft. @Kevin - with respect to the 400 foot rule - the AMA always thought that kept the FAA out of there hair. The current finding from the FAA says that they are responsible for protecting "airspace", and the 400 foot rule does not apply. In general I think this is a case of over regulation, but I also appreciate the fact that a drone falling out of the sky an onto someone head will be a "bad thing" and will result in any number of lawsuits. My worry is that for products that support "follow me" mode - you - as the operator - are obviously concentrating on whatever it is you are doing. I don't see how you prevent your drone from flying over a person, or into an area where it could cause harm. Hey Agris I agree that common sense should and probably will prevail, not knowing the system in the USA it is harder to get to grips with it, and my comments are as an outsiders point of view. Responsible usage is definitely going to be what we need as users. I understand that most ski slopes will be adapting a ban of drones, from discussions with people who snowboard a lot, it looks like they will be controlling these quite harshly, which i understand, i think, for anyone that buys a drone, an explanation to anyone involved in the usage, is possibly a good way to approach it, and it is always polite to ask, i have already approached 2 slopes in Norway that i use, and both have said they would not have an issue with use, but if i could ask first, then it would be no issue. I have an 8 year old that can't wait to be followed by your drone, he loves snowboarding, and making his season edits. This will add a new dimension for all of us. +1 for Windows Phone and Windows 8.1 Metro :)! On the back of the discussions that will inevitably start coming, have you considered a forum on your website specific to your drone for advice, ideas, legal conversations etc, would give a really nice community feel to your device, and also somewhere people can share ideas more easily. Facebook is all well and good, but you can lose what discussions are going on very easily. Think it would suit and benefit the product for both the consumer and company in a way that no one else is currently doing... ;) I did find this, which leads me to believe that as long as you are in line of sight, then there is NO issue... Well lets be honest, line of sight means you can see it with your naked eye, the next problem i see under the FAA is that it doesn't say anything about automated drones... Haha. So if it is not in the legislation, and is flying itself, then line of sight under the FAA regulations then the regulations mean nothing as it does not cover that scenario... It is all very interesting, and very confusing at the same time... We as a community are left with very little to know how it is covered, which is ALWAYS the case with anything so new. I don't doubt for a second though that there will be nothing to worry about though. Drones will continue to fly and film, for the foreseeable future, and i can't see that changing. "SEC. 336. SPECIAL RULE FOR MODEL AIRCRAFT. (a) In General.Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incorporation of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may not promulgate any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft, or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft, if (1) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; (2) the aircraft is operated in accordance with a community-based set of safety guidelines and within the programming of a nationwide community-based organization; (3) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program administered by a community-based organization; (4) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; and (5) when flown within 5 miles of an airport, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators flying from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually-agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (b) Statutory Construction.Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. (c) Model Aircraft Defined.In this section, the term ``model aircraft'' means an unmanned aircraft that is (1) capable of sustained flight in the atmosphere; (2) flown within visual line of sight of the person operating the aircraft; and (3) flown for hobby or recreational purposes." @john i am not so sure that the definition of model aircraft actually covers quadcopters. It is very specific in its definition. I'm also not so sure it would cover aircraft under 500feet, which i can't find in that pdf, but i have read somewhere else as being the ceiling limit under which the FAA has no jurisdiction... Wether for monetary gain or otherwise they are making up rules that are not law. It needs to be passed as law to be relevant and that would involve the lawmakers in congress. Until that point it is really open to interpretaion, but again, as i already commented on, there are laws that would cover any invasion of privacy, which to be fair is what people are really concerned about, they are not concerned about much else when it comes to drones... Well maybe noise and nuisance if they become such common devices that every house has one, then it could be an issue... We are all waiting to see how it is dealt with, but i do think there is a lot of over reacting, but companies have a leading role to play in this with publications, websites and education about how and why these types of drones are designed and for what use they are made... ;) @Kevin - pretty much agree with you, unfortunately for backers in the US, the FAA has "decided" what an individual is allowed to do, and fortunately, privacy didn't play into this particular decision. If you are bored, and want to see what US lawmakers are up to, take a look at this - you should be entertained at page 11! :-) <url>’m quite sure it will be still too big for some applications, moreover, in many cases the person (or thing) carrying the AirLeash cannot be diverted by reading a tiny display nor pressing buttons, that is why you created the Master Mode. I really would appreciate a future optional “Mini Rider AirLeash” not bigger than a walnut, with no display nor programming functions, with the only task to send a signal to the flying AirDog to be followed, all the job could be done by the “Master AirLeash” in the hands of an assistant. It should be as smaller as possible even to the detriment of other features, a “Tiny Rider AirLeash” would really expand the range in video applications beyond imagination. Thanks for your attention. Maurizio (happy backer) You have thought of everything, can't wait to get my hands on it. Keep up the good work. whoop whoop! Can't wait for my AirDog to arrive! Great Idea! If I have AIRDOG BUDDY and turn off one of the dogs, does it now become AIRDOG MASTER? Are the leashes permanently paired to their dogs? I think it's time to announce the next stretch goal. $700k? Since the last increment was 200k. Make it awesome to attract more backers! That would work well, how precise is the airdog trajectory in relation to the leash, ie if I stayed 5m from a solid object with it in follow mode would it be precise enough for airdog to also stay 5m from the object. It's a bit of a concern that inevitably we encounter objects HI guys, I luckily got in with the earlybirds and think this is a very cool venture, but also am a bit confused with the stretch goal..... no matter how you look at it, you are shortening the flying time. the goPro should last atleast 4-5 battery swaps before this would even become an issue? Hi again and thank you for the answer. A further comment - my idea of adding a possibility to use airdog indoors was related to the fact, that with good RC piloting skills or with the hover etc features one could benefit still from the tracking feature i.e. not having to deal with camera control. Also have you tested the airdog on a race track yet, I know the top speed is 40mph but at altitude could it keep up and record at a greater distance and obviously cut corners etc or would it just get out of range and land. Any test in this kind of nature would be of use to know the results of. Can I ask what the benefit of the $500,000 stretch goal is? If the airdog's flight time is between 10-30 mins why would we need GoPro backdoor battery charging as go pro's can record longer than this on it's in-built battery. Will the airdog master reward pledgers go above the pilots in the queue or will the pilots be dispatched first? Hey AirDog Team. What technology is used to track the airleash? As it was mentioned somewhere in the comments I think, the airdog can only work outdoors (needs GPS signal). I was wondering have you considered adding a RF or IR tracker or other which would make the tracking even more precise and thus enabling the usage also indoors? Apologies for the continuous questions; I have some experience with live video streaming. To achieves this through 3g/4g i would need to add 300 gr of extra devices.. Is it realistic? Hey AirDog Team. Thank you so much for taking time answering all of my questions. THX You've a new customer :) Good luck! Cheers I look forward to your disclosure of the flight controller and its origin. as for the double airdogs, could you not just set one to be 10 meters to your left and the other 10 meters to your right? this way there's a 20 meter buffer between the two airdogs. i assume the airdogs are persistent enough to stay at their set locations? even if connectivity was lost, would they both not land back at their starting spots which could be set farther away from each other? the only complication i can see is during the flight back to home, they can collide. just adding food for thought. Thanks i have been watching both you and Hexo+ since inception and i've been very curious about both of you. i'm also a backer with Hexo+ and now officially with you as well. i'm one of the few who will be getting a Hexo+ and an AirDog when the time comes. my intention is to do an unbiased unprofessional review and compare of them both. obviously i will get yours first before the Hexo+. i also have a $1400 custom-built autonomous quad of my own that will be joining the party as well to see how it stacks against you two. a couple questions: 1. i can respect your privacy of your technologies but can you at least say whether or not the flight controller is in-house or a modified board? from what i can tell, Hexo+ is using a modified pixhawk/px4 board. most likely a modified arducopter firmware or of the like? 2. i like your airleash concept better than a smartphone however i'm patiently waiting for Hexo+ to step up and see if they have figured out something that no one has (despite your trials, no pun). 3. i see that we can pair 2 airleashes to 1 airdog, is it possible to pair 2 airdogs to 1 leash and then run them both in parallel to get multi-angle video at the same time while the air dogs are aware of each other's airspace? or perhaps just place each dog at a distance from each other assuming the dogs will not deviate from their airspace. i presented this question to Hexo+ as well. thanks for bringing this into the market. this gives the average-joe a real chance at getting their feet wet into the hobby vs having to build one themselves from scratch. i look forward to your answers to my questions and may bump up my pledge based on your answer to #3 question. What will the warranty be on the Airdogs? would love to get two extra airdog battteries and one leash with my shipment but not sure how to order that to add onto my backing order Hey AirDog Team. First things frist: Thank you for creating such an amazing device! Can't wait to get one! But I've some question first: a) What's the max. speed for ascent- and descent movement? b) Any plannings for adding small light-sources (LED) to the drone? Let's say for using the drone at night and be able to see it? c1) What will be an additional battery cost? c2) How and where can I order it? d) Will the drone support the upcoming new GoPro 4? I'm 99% sure that a lot of drone users will upgrade to the new GoPro and then likes to use it with the AirDog. But I don't know yet if the new GoPro 4 has a different housing and measurement though. If you get the point? e) Can I use a GoPro with additional WiFi or Extra-Battery add-on attached? Sorry for bombing you with questions. But I like to know that before I press the pledge button a second time :) Thank you very much! Will there be any telemetry output on the Airdog I have asked the same to Hevo+ team : Do you plan to ship using a company based on backers country (ie amazon.co.uk or amazon.de for europe) to avoid import taxes ? see Jamey advices : <url>érences betwin 3D gimbal and 2D gimbal (<url>"Follow Me Mode".. Hey there, I think the airdog is a great idea and will make shooting action sports movies more fun for everyone. I do have a question though. I'm a wakeboarder and from what I can see is that the airleash looks kind of bulky when it's on your wrist, which makes me think that it may get in the way during a handle pass on a spin. Are you guys thinking of having different mounting options for the airleash, such as a board mount? Hi, Is it possible to use this like a normal drone (not always following the airleash)? For eg, if I want to get some aerial of a landscape, without me in it). Also can I use my existing Spektrum DX4e transmitter with this? Super stoked about AirDog. Can't wait to get mine. Just a couple questions: 1. What technology is the AirLeash using to communicate with the AirDog? What frequency is it using and can there be any interference with other devices? 2. You said that the AirDog can be flown in rain. Does this mean that the AirDog is waterproof? If the AirDog lands in water, will it still work afterwards? If it is not waterproof, then how can it fly in rain, won't the water eventually get into the AirDog? 3. Will you be making a Windows Phone 8 app? If not, can you configure all AirDog settings with the AirLeash? Or are there some configurations that can only be set via the cell phone app? Thanks, Garry Hi there, I work as a professional videographer and use drones a lot today. One thing I wonder, why don't you use a 3-axis gimbal? And if you plan i future, can this be upgraded on this version of air dog? Cheers, Simon www.sjoren.se Great idea, AirDOg has all the features that i wanted to see in Hexo that i already backed, now im on your site! what technology stand behind AirLeash connection? wi-fi, bluetooth, else? I would definitely like to see you add an adapter for the GoPro Hero2 Hey there! Looks amazing. I couldn't see from reading what versions of GoPro can be used with the AirDog. Also if I wanted to add in a manual rc component if this is available and how to do it? Also things like extra battery packs for those longer sessions ;-) Thanks! Simon Hi! Will the AirDog be of use only if there are open skies above me? Or could it sense things like trees, bridges, and avoid them? Anyhow, keep up the good work, :) I'm currently interested in both the platforms launched today, but could you clarify what differentiates your platform from the other hexo platform (minus the dog leash since that is a major difference) Thanks!