Just wanted to say thanks to everybody who pressed for the truth. It's reassuring that knowledgeable community members are policing the projects and that Kickstarter is willing to take action. Fail fucking losers. I'm pretty disheartened that you continue to ignore the requests of your backers. WHERE IS YOUR ORIGINAL DESIGN? Not pictures of the components, but your actual design. You claim to design this, and yet you have yet to prove that it's not just reselling an existing product. No replies, and now you update your photos with edited versions??? No design, no integrity, no innovation. This does not belong on Kickstarter. Wow... Apparently the picture on the front page has not been edited to have no more ELCO LIGHTING on the LED strip with the black crossed out. For reference, here was the old image: <url>"High quality powerful LEDs combined with the special housing allows the chips to stay cool preventing premature burnout, a common problem with current led units on the market. It took multiple prototypes to get the product just right." Is this product capable of a dimmer control for all colors (white especially) I need some clear answers in order to continue to back this project. thanks. (Another) Chris @Daniel For me it looks more like they are buying LED Stripes from Elco Lighting and reselling them here to people...If it was only similiar it would be no problem for me. But in this case they are offering the same identical LED Stripes with even ELCO LIGHTING printed on them. Look at this picture they posted: <url>"Elco" in "Elco Lighting" that's printed onto the LED strip itself. This is literally a "fund us so we can re-sell this product that already exists" type deal. I think any source of funds, whether an investor, VC, Angel, etc. would be extremely critical about the project and its potential for success. While crowd sourcing your ideas can make a lot of it easier, I think as a project owner, you should still be morally obligated to answer any questions or concerns to any KickStarter regardless of whether or not they have backed the project. Yes, it can be annoying, but no, you still have to. I think you can shut up a lot of us "critics" if you will, by showing us your design process, the technical aspects of the product from the inside out, and so on. They should inspire *some* confidence to us. Dont get me wrong, the project IS cool. It IS fantastic. But thats maybe because I didn't know it existed. Now i'm sure there are a lot of other concerned backers out there wondering the same thing. Silence us if you will, show the proof, show ur drawings/intermediate development stages at the least... This claim of 4.4W/ft also (coincidentally?) is the EXACT same power consumption rating of the Elco product. Dubious I am...sadly... Thanks for the update. You proved that Christian did in fact find your supplier (which you still have not replied about). Yet there is still no explanation as to what it is you designed yourself. This is still just reselling parts which you put together at a higher cost than other products on the market, which do the exact same thing. Where exactly is your innovation? Lookin' good guys, can't wait to get my hands on one of these. It's cool to see a video that breaks away from the normal kickstarter template (Hi... I'm ______, and this is my kickstarter project) lol. Can't wait for some backer updates. Ok, so it looks like you guys are simply re-selling the Elco Lighting EWP1460-24M strip that you are cutting into smaller segments. <url>"by far the highest" that you have encountered? Then what about <url>