Hello Everyone, I understand that our last update has caused some confusion about which batteries to use. To be more clear, the shorter the battery, the better it will fit. As some protection circuitry takes up more space than others in protected batteries, the length varies a bit between manufacturers. We are shipping shorter protected 3400mAh 18650 batteries. The under-tightening of components has only affected a small number of Early Bird Backers and we have posted a video to show how to correct this problem. This under-tightening has been addressed in our assembly procedures going forward so future backers won’t experience this. We are working on increasing our communication with all of our backers and are trying to address your concerns in a timely manner. Thank You Hello Everyone! Sorry for the delay in an update. Here is an updated production table detailing where we are at with the various steps of the production process. As you can see, a large percentage of the parts we are waiting on are held up in the anodizing process. As the components arrive, production will be picking up. For those of you with the malfunctioning lights we have an additional update. We were able to recreate the issue that some backers have run into with the flashlight behaving abnormally with some batteries. The way we were able to recreate this was by putting the same model of battery, the 18650 from two different manufacturers in the flashlight. The one that we are shipping with the flashlight results in the intended operation of the Apollo AP-1. When we used the 70mm battery, the same model from a different manufacturer, the flashlight behaved in a way that a few of you have experienced. So what’s the difference? The other battery (the one that we don’t ship) is substantially longer. This interferes with the tight tolerances within the flashlight body. The batteries that work correctly are 65mm in length. The battery that didn’t work correctly was 70mm long. So what’s the resolution? When buying your batteries, ensure that the manufacturer dimensions are 65 mm x 18 mm x 18 mm. We hope this shines some light on the battery issues and helps calm your concerns about our production progress. As always, please leave your questions and concerns in the comments section or personal message us. If you have messaged us in the past and we have not replied please send a quick note to us so we can address your message. Hello! Initially the stretch goal for the copper pbc was set at 100k but upon testing, we found the results with the light were improved so with some consideration, we have decided to make the copper PBC avalable for ALL our backers, in both the aluminum version, and the titanium version. Please consider this streatch goal as met, thank you for your support! Below are images of our prototype copper boards :) Thank you! -CRL To quell anymore speculation out there about our copper heat sink, we would just like to let you know it really is copper, always has been copper, and always will be copper. :) The Heat sink (Pill) in our flashlight is cut from copper 101-H04 billet round rod. The 101-H04 Full Hard temper alloy is oxygen-free (0.0005% max), is 99.99% Cu with alloy elements As, P, Sb and Te each of 0.0005% or less. The 101 alloy is also one of the more costly, of the readily available alloys. (note: the aluminum heat sink pill seen in the photos was only a prototype used to confirm machining accuracy and fit prior to machining the copper material. They will NOT be used for any testing prototype or production version of the Apollo AP-1. Also, the above may be confused as brass due to insufficient lighting when the photo was taken.) The heat sink is 1.0” diameter and 0.68” long with a 0.43” deep pocket in one side thereby removing approximately 38% of the internal material yet leaving a 0.25” thick wall directly behind the LED substrate board. The LED Driver circuit board is positioned near the center of the heat sink to capture as much of the radiant heat within the confines of the heat sink and to further separate that heat source from the positive end of the battery. The exterior of the heat sink is completely threaded (1-32 UN 2A) to mate with the flashlight head. This doubles the direct contact surface between the components by 100% over a smooth surface-to-surface contact area. Thanks! -CRL The Apollo AP-1 Flashlight was designed exclusively by CRL and all of mechanical parts are machined on our CNC Mills/Lathes, assembled, tested, and inspected in Tucson, Arizona. This activity is conducted in complete compliance with our AS9100 and ISO9001 Quality Management Systems, which are under the annual surveillance of rigorous external IAQG (International Aerospace Quality Group) auditors. This independent aerospace certification is internationally recognized for excellence in manufacturing. All members are recognized in 1 of the 3 world organizations; Americas Aerospace Quality Group (AAQG), Asia-Pacific Aerospace Quality Group (APAQG), or European Aerospace Quality Group (EAQG). This certification ultimately assures that customers will consistently receive the highest quality, competitively priced products, delivered on time (On time delivery not guaranteed during first run production, but is aimed for). This is accomplished through implementation of quality plans that guide daily production activities. These orchestrated events begin with detailed design control planning, evaluation, testing, modification, and finally product release. Manufacturing supports this initial development endeavor with disciplines such as equipment calibration and preventive maintenance programs, certification of raw materials, generation of product traceability documentation, cost reduction, a focus on continuous process improvement, and a commitment to addressing identified problems with effective corrective and preventive action measures. Achieving and maintaining independent quality system certification requires a significant resource and financial investment, but execution of the incorporated system disciplines always pays dividends in reliability, quality, minimizing product cost, and assures CRL will remain a manufacturing leader. Thank you for your support! Hello everyone! Happy 4th of July! We would like to give a quick shout out to our friend Mike Bond who’s currently funding project, the sentinel X cache is ending very soon! He has engineered and machined a cache that can be used to store critical items and even boil/sterilize water! His cache is also available in the same finish as our flashlight (hard anodized clear) and they would compliment each other nicely :) So head on over to his Kickstarter page and check it out! <url>’t have to wait until titanium production to receive your lights. Stretch goal A future stretch goal will be set for if we reach 100k. If we reach 100k we will include a copper PCB in ALL flashlights for no extra cost or pledge amount. Also, the highest tier has been modified to include an aluminum Apollo AP-1 with custom engraving/personalization, AND it will include a titanium Apollo AP-1 as well ☺ Thank you! -CRL If you are interested in a titanium version of the Apollo AP-1 flashlight, we ask if you could please post your interest below :) This way we have an accurate count of backers interested and see if this version of the flashlight can come into existence. There are several issues for this design that we are still evaluating, from thermal management to cost. We will keep you updated as we progress. Thank you! -CRL The Front Lens The Apollo AP-1 flashlight will sport a UCL® front lens. This material is constructed from low-iron float glass (aka water-white). This lens also has the added feature of a multi layer broadband Anti-Reflective coating (AR) applied on both sides of the lens. It is in our opinion that this lens has significant optical performance benefits over some of the others that we have evaluated. Specifications Light Transmittance: 98% to 99% Substrate: Low iron, water-white float glass Coatings: Multi-layer broadband AR – 2 sides Thermal Durability: Good Thickness: 1.85mm +/-.05mm Size: 24.7mm +/-.127mm Data obtained from manufacturer’s specifications Thanks! -CRL Hazardous Shipping. Hello everyone, I would like to address the shipping of Lithium-ion batteries, and clarify a pervious comment that stated we were trying to get a HAZMAT license, this is incorrect and we are currently undergoing training for hazardous shipping. This does not have to do with domestic shipping: we currently comply with all regulations for USPS domestic shipping of lithium-ion rechargeable batteries. Below are the USPS guidelines for shipping lithium-ion batteries. For enlarged version click here Now, international shipping is where we run into some issues. International shipments need to comply with all IATA DGR (International Air Transportation Dangerous Good Regulations) which is very precise about what is and isn’t allowed. A Cell is not allowed to contain over 20Wh. We are using single cell batteries that are below this limit, so they are shippable. Though IATA states a package cannot contain more than 2 batteries or contain over 100 Wh in one battery. The batteries we are looking at range from 2600mAh to 4000mAh so even with the lowest mAh we won’t hit the 20Wh cell limit when shipping, and because they are single cell have no chance of being close to the 100Wh limit. E= Q(mAh) × V(V) / 1000 So we can plug in our max and min mAh E(Wh min) = 2600mAh × 3.7V / 1000 = 9.62Wh(min) E(Wh max) = 4000mAh × 3.7V / 1000 = 14.8Wh(max) The only thing we are need to be trained for is shipping 3 or more batteries in a package, which involves special packing procedures, inside and out. So, as you can see depending on which battery ends up working best in our flashlight, the Wh in the package varies greatly. This is why we are working on Hazardous Shipping, so we will no longer be confined so tightly to these constraints. If you have any mailing concerns feel free to message us! Thank you, -CRL Here is a list of some of our flashlights features for extra clarification. For a larger view: [Link] Features: All machined components are manufactured in the USA and comply with AS9100 Quality standards. The final design is being tested to ANSI Spec. FL-1 (Flashlight Basic Performance Standard). The octagonal flat profile on the Head minimizes rolling on a flat surface. The Lens cap diameter of 1.38inch (35mm) fits most lens adapters and diffuser attachments. The Lens cap features crenellations to allow light spill when placed lens down on a flat surface. The Body diameter of 1inch (25.4mm) fits most flashlight rail-mounts. The constant diameter readily allows quick mounting and dismounting of the flashlight to the rail-mount. The Tailcap has a raised profile that protects the power switch and provides three lanyard thru-holes. The Tailcap profile allows Candlestick Stand Operation. The Tailcap profile is relieved on one side to facilitate thumb access from the side when rail-mounted. Specially designed internal plug-and-plunger system absorbs impact energy from drops and protects the battery and LED driver board from damage. Double anti-shock spring design insures positive electrical contact with the battery. The o-ring static seal design provides proven waterproof capability to 165 feet (50m) for 5 hours (tested). Meets and exceeds ANSI FL-1 IPX-8 Waterproof Standards. The lens glass is low-iron float glass with a multi-layer broadband anti-reflective coating applied on both sides with 98% to 99% light transmittance. Construction: Aluminum 6061-T6 construction with Hard anodized class III exterior finish. (MIL-A-8625) Head, Lens cap and Tailcap are cut from aluminum billet. Body is DOM (seamless) heavy wall extruded aluminum tube. Solid copper heatsink (Pill) threaded into flashlight Head for maximum thermal conductivity. Dimensions: Overall length is 5.78 inches (147mm). Body and Tailcap diameters are 1.0 inch (25.4mm) to fit most flashlight rail mounts. Lens cap diameter is 1.38 (35mm) and designed to fit most lens accessories. Hello again! We would like to assure every one that all machined parts of our flashlight are made here in our own facility in Tucson, AZ! From the body, copper heat sink, insulators, bezel, and more! Videos will be coming in future updates :) I happen to have some early on development photos I would like to share with you, more photos and video of the making of this light will come soon ;) LARGE fully threaded copper heat sinks. Threaded to provide a larger surface area. Raw prototype bodies fresh off the lathe and a detail shot I will have more updates for you in the next few days regarding the price of quality and standards, so keep an eye out for that one! Thank you! -CRL Thank you every on who has backed this project so far! We are thrilled at the response we have have received and want to thank you for your support! :) We would like to answer a few of your questions regarding batteries and chargers below: Charger CRL is currently evaluating 5 different Lithium Ion chargers. They include both single and double battery capacity. Most will operate directly from a standard US wall outlet, while one uses a computer USB port. All are CE marked and operate on 100 – 240AC. All chargers we are currently evaluating have a two-blade U.S. plug, as seen in the example photo below. Foreign Travel Outlet Adapters are available from many commercial outlets. One example can be found [here] Battery The table below lists the batteries currently under evaluation for use with the Apollo AP-1 flashlight. While there are slight dimensional differences amongst these batteries, they will all fit the flashlight cylinder and have the correct voltage level for operation. The first four in the list are actually of type 19670 even though they are listed as 18650 since they have the additional protection circuitry. For those of you who have ordered a flashlight with a battery, we will be selecting the battery we ship based upon optimum value for our backers, i.e. performance, charge time, operation time, cost. Click here for a larger view [Link] We hope this helps! If you have any questions please do not hesitate to send us a message, we will get back to you soon as possible! Thank you! -CRL