The company is gone. Mine died early this year which was a replacement unit that I did a warranty claim last year. Good product but don't last and poor support and lousy app. Seldom used it and still died suddenly. We have been screwed, These clowns disappeared for a long time now. Hello anyone there? I need to update firmware. My Bluetooth has stopped functioning.. Pls help. My email <email> Please, someone remind us how to manually update the firmware via usb thumb drive. One of my speakers is completely dead. Thank you. They are still selling in Singapore stores despite having no website, warranty support and etc...Tried to ask those stores for their contact info; they still refer to <email> ..which have no replies =/ Hi All, Does anyone remember how to do a manual firmware update via USB? I think mine has died. Just trying to see if I can revive it. iOS app seems to be gone from app store. Zen desk help has been closed. Looks like RIP. Hey there! Are you all even still an existing company?!? Contacted on both Facebook, zendesk for many months and no reply on regards to repair and problems...and now even zendesk for your product have ended. Could you update and seriously let us know on how to troubleshoot on your product? ..seriously disappointed on the after-service support of yours. I've had such a poor experience with this speaker. It never really connected well and always dropped wireless connections via BT or Airplay. I finally gave up and used the speaker for sometime on wired aux connection. Like an ass, I tried the recent FW update hoping that some functionality may be restored and now my paperweight does not even turn on anymore. Can't get anyone from Archt Audio to even respond. Ridiculous....... @creator Excited and curious about Archt Mini. Wondering if it could pair with the Archt one and what would the effect be like? Alfred I too have the same issue as Pat. I need to do an update via USB port first, I cannot do the OTA update discussed in the update. I tried to update the firmware on my unit per the instructions in Update #38. I need to do an update via USB port first, I cannot do the OTA update discussed in the update. Following the instructions from your website, I am not able to log in or download the firmware to a usb drive. Please advise. I bought (and received) two speakers. Thank you. How do I connect them to work together wirelessly? I could not find any instructions on the website. My AirPlay keeps dropping connection. Restarting and full reset helps temporarily but it can't keep a connection longer than about 10-15 mins. Running latest firmware. Archt and laptop are both about 10 feet from apple wifi router. Any suggestions? There is something wrong with your archtaudio.com domain. Seems to be updated today, bur still parked by GoDaddy. I am very happy with my red archt one with the stock power cord. I tried a custom length power cord made of virgin copper construction (from an online shop in singapore) and the quality of sound improved much more! two thumbs UP!!! Hi, Any news about my turntable? Thanks! WOW! I'm completely blown away :) The sound is simply awesome! I've tried to update the firmware of the Archt One using the new app but the buttons look dimmed out on my iphone? Do you update the firmware wirelessly or via a thumbdrive from the usb port? Same here Artur. Been using Bluetooth, but would like to use wifi with the app on Android Do you need Air Play to use wireless function? @Creator Is it possoble to pair up >2 Archt Ones together? Like master-slave-slave? Guys - how can i play music through wifi. I have done all the steps however still cannot figure out how it should work on android. tried the website but is of no help Hi, one of my Archt One speaker has fell silent after working fine for a few days (as the slave speaker) It (seems to) connect properly via Wifi and Bluetooth but there's no sound produced. Even all the usual beeps from mode changes and volume changes have stopped. I have performed a reset a few times but still the problem persists. Can you please help? Many thanks! Just received my white unit in SG via SingPost although no tracking info was received in email... I would like to know if there is a tracking number for my white unit, or when it will ship. Heads up to anyone updating the firmware. The USB you use has to be formatted FAT32 in order for it to work. I downloaded the Android App, and tried to follow the instructions to Add an Archt One. After connecting my phone Wifi to the Archt one, I refreshed, and selected "Add Archt One", but after the countdown, there was no option to choose Archt One or key in a password. Hi! Just received both my white archt ones. Am I going to get another tracking number for the turntable?? And when will that be delivered?? Many thanks! -Alvin How is the Android app coming along? So all along you've been saying that the red and white units would be delivered by the end of June. The update you posted now says July?? I sincerely hope the Facebook contest winner won't receive their unit before us backers who have been waiting for a long time.... tracking number please.. I would also like to know if there is a tracking number for my white unit, or when it will ship. I'm also seeking for my tracking number. If you guys did not manage to ship those devices last Friday, you really should work on making the process more transparent to your backers... I'd also like confirmation/tracking for the shipment of my white Archt. Also looking for a tracking number on my White unit. It's been a week since you stated they shipped.... bump * How/when will we receive tracking information for the white Archt's shipped Friday? Guys I've messaged a couple of times but still no wiser on where my black unit is at? I was told it would DEFINITELY arrive here in Australia by mid June, that's come and gone. I still have no tracking advice either. Help! Hi, just wanted to check if all black unit have been shipped? I have neither receive my unit nor notification on the shipment. Thanks hey @ramsey, they're giving out free Archt ONE's yet the white and red units have to wait. I was a early bird backer, but I'm still waiting. Had I known that I would wait this much longer, I would have selected a black version. Thumbs down on the lack of transparency. hi! please advise ship status on the red units. thank you. Nice to know about the Android Release! Hi Creators, Love the archt! Awesome sound. I know this was only offered with iOS app, but would love to know if you have any plans for an Android version and maybe even a timeline? Thanks, Michael any updated on the white ARCHTS? Dear team , quick question, I am having problems locating an invoice for warranty registration. How does one get a copy? Same here. Where is the serial number, and I don't think we have an invoice number? Hi, Can you tell me where the Serial number is located? There are 2 numbers on the base, but neither of them are in the format xxx-xxx-xxx I got an invitation to sing the warrancy. But I don't understand how to complete the form since I did not receive the Archt and don't have the serialnumber etc?? 3rd attempt... I'm in Australia and STILL haven't received my black unit yet. Apart from repeatedly posting questions here (that to date haven't been answered once) I'm not sure what to do. C'mon guys - I was one of your early backers! Is the warranty page ready yet ???? When is android app coming out? Received email about apple app available now..I was able to download weeks ago on a friends apple phone Oops nevermind, I misread that it's in June. Anyways, would love to see pics. Nice that you're sending out the white units now. Do you have real life pics of them, for my interest? Hi guys - I've posted here twice before and had no reply yet? I ordered a black unit but have heard nothing yet re: delivery for us here in Australia? It seems most black units shipped many weeks ago? It's been five days since your last comment to me. What do you mean by shortly someone will get in touch with me? We are wondering about our order. I tried to respond to your inquiry back in January but am not sure that was received by you....and have not heard anything since. Ok thanks. Looking forward to it. When do you expect you'll be able to provide us an update on the ETA for the white units?? If I ordered a white unit but don't want to wait any more can I switch to a black unit? @RHA, where do you find the "Pilot" app in the App Store? Was there going to be an Android App? I advise you all to use "Pilot" app for iOS - it allows to control iTunes on the computer in similar way like sending the music from iPhone/iPad, but with no typical problems. Usually, when one use Air Play, iPhone/iPad sends the stream to Wi-Fi access point or router, then it is resent to Archt One. I found there are problems with Air Play stability. I tried to use Bluetooth and it was more stable, but it transmitted all other sounds too, like key presses for instance. And receiving a call caused the music to stop. Using "Pilot" and iTunes prooved to be perfect solution. (At least for me.) I didn't email you. I commented on this page about getting the wrong stuff and you responded on this page that somebody would get in touch with me. I never said I emailed you! I asked how you were supposed to get in touch with me as you said somebody would! Now your telling me to get in touch with support. Have you lost my information? My address, phone number and email have not changed. Just found the iOS app and finished WiFi/Airplay setup (was using Bluetooth before), so now I'm enjoying Spotify on the ARCHT! Just a note for anyone who's still having trouble with WiFi setup, I kept getting an error when trying to set up the ARCHT as an AirPlay speaker until I remembered that I had MAC filtering set up on my network (we don't add new devices often, so this isn't much of an issue). Once I added the ARCHT's MAC address to my network, it paired just fine. :) I got wrong power cord or entire Archt (depending on voltage?) is wrong model and you responded that your sales department would get in touch with me soon. That was eight days ago and I haven't heard from anybody yet. How were you going to get in touch with me - phone or email? I'm a surgical tech and can't answer my phone for most of the day (sterile scrubbed in a case). What next? When? How? I have had my black Archt One for a while now, and I just want to tell you how happy I am with it! It was well worth any small delays to have a quality speaker now. Great job, team! I hope my name is on some list where you can notify me of anything else you invent. Best, Earleen cant find on info page how do you hook up two speakers using wifi airplay? thanks for info in warranty Any info on warranty registration? For all those waiting for the white ARCHT one's, I can tell you all right now they are well worth the wait. What a Sound. Fantastic. Any updates on white??? @Sojoum, sorry for the misspell;) @Sorjourn, many thanks;) The app functions as "automatic room optimizer and a manual graphic equalizer control". I'd like it to help keep a wireless connection (WiFi or BT) on - it often turns off and one has to initiate the connection manually again and again. Something like automatic reconnect is needed. I just found an Archt app on the App Store for iOS. Just mentioning. @Jason. I'm in SA and have mine. Well worth the wait Mate! any new news on the white units? Need the archt one iOS app. It's been too long since you mentioned it's been submitted to Apple. It shouldn't take that long. Hi guys, I haven't received my unit in Australia yet - has this region been shipped? roland voon about 6 hours ago Happy to have backed this product. Sound is probably the best I have heard from a wireless speaker and this is comparing with B & W, Geneva, Marshall etc. Regret not grabbing two and have them work together. ------------------------------------ ARCHT One is NOT quite wireless - to be pedantic. It is tethered to mains power in order to power it up. It is capable of receiving wireless signals via Bluetooth and Wifi, but wireless means no mains power connections - that is, battery or solar power. Happy to have backed this product. Sound is probably the best I have heard from a wireless speaker and this is comparing with B & W, Geneva, Marshall etc. Regret not grabbing two and have them work together. Received my Fed Express bill for £29. From experience, I expected it but hoped it would not arrive/be overlooked. I received my speaker in the USA but did not get a plug for this country. I got two round metal prongs about an inch apart. Can I get the proper power cord? Have asked via email and support links with no response so I suppose unwell ask here now. I pledged at the Black Friday level and have yet to received any info on when the Orbit turntable will ship. All I'm asking for is a date sony can plan accordingly. Thanks in advance. The speakers are solid and I'm excited for the app to pass cert. Hi, I received my Archt One last week, It works fine as expected. I use AirAudio under Android to stream to the Archt ou the Twister app. By the way, FedEx sent me a bill about duties and taxes in the amount of 51,40€ O_o @creator, thank you for your feedback. will do as suggested. hi! could i not have the engraving done on my red archt that I selected? News? (Why cant you edit posts;() @creator, Any new on the app? I'very been trying to get an issue resolved where my archt one no longer works, it was plugged in and connected to wifi and now all it does is flash red for the wifi and bluetooth lights for a second when the play button is held. Pushing or holding any other buttons has no effect and device doesnt reset. The device cannot be connected to at all. Shouldn't have been power surge as it was on surge protector and cheaper devices that were on it didn't get hit unless the archt is super sensitive. Personally I think the heat caused some issues as it ran fairly hot. I tried emailing support but after they asked a few questions they stopped responding and it has been over a week since I've heard anything, and with no warrenty page yet I have no place to go to get this fixed. Any help would be greatly appreciated as its an expensive paper weight at the moment, but I did enjoy the 3 hours of use I got out of it and want to have that sound back. @Creator I opened my other ARCHT One. To my horror, the 1st Archt One has US Type A Plug, and the 2nd Archt One has the UK Type G plug which we need for Singapore - definitely some mix up during the delivery process! Are you guys able send just the UK power cable over? @Creator I got it. Missed out on the 4th step. I followed the instructions at the URL below. The bluetooth icon is blinking blue/red in my Archt One, but none of my phones can discover it. <url>~ I was using Bose mini soundlink. The bass of Archt one is extraordinary. Love the omni-directional experience~ It would be great for surround sound with two Archt One probably~ For home system, if i use archt one AUX input, would it make use of my own DAC instead of the Archt one's dac? I know it might be a strange way to use Archt one, which is suppose to be a bluetooth all in one speaker. I am just curious about it. Can you include anti-theft feature in the app? @Creator I'm really enjoying the ArchtOne. Can we talk about the app? Will the app have only room optimization feature? What exactly will the app do to enhance the ArchtOne experience? Got mine, sounds great, can't wait for the app Is it safe to pick up move the speaker using the outer gray ring? Got mine yesterday here in UK. Greeeaat sound!!! However, not buying another one for $599. Hello yesterday i recieved the Archt. Looks great, just a little disapointed that the ring where the volume buttons are located is not in chrome finish. With Grey color the Archt does not look like a 600 $ subsystem. Sound is really awesome, great work!!!! I have a question the url " <url>" for registering warranty does not work, how can i register the warranty. Dear Archt Audio Team My unit just arrived thank you. Hooked it up quick and fussless, worked like a charm. Sounds brilliant and handles both highs and lows very competently. Sound imaging was even more apparent when you cranked it up. Sadly now my neighbor hates me... Excellent product can't wait for the next project. What is the next step for Archt One? Where does it go from here? Will there be other models? Was this a one speaker wonder? Curious. WE WANT ANOTHER ONE!!! Dear Archt Audio team, congrats to a fantastic device - it's really remarkable! Not only the strong deep frequency range, but also the crisp and clean higher ones. Also great job on that room-filling sound - it's really great! One question that I stumbled across whilst hooking it up to my Samsung-TV (yeah, one of those models that's not capable of routing HDMI-IN sound to the head-phone jack, what a st.... design!) was the AUX-In capabilities of the ArchtOne. If stumbled across a simple SPDIF to 3.5mm 'adapterplug' (+- $1,-), and was wondering if the Archt could be made aware of digital signals on the Aux-port (in a future version?)? Something like 'if only one channel is active assume digital in' rather than having to convert the signal externally to analog and then shove it through a DSP ;) Anyhow, just an idea, no complaint! Again, fantastic product! Keith me too! My regret is that i din`t buy another one : ) Guys amazing product, the sound quality is amazing and rather impressive. The packaging made it look a lot more expensive. Will the app allow you to customise the bass and the treble. My only regret is that i din`t buy another one :) How do I know that it has gone into standby mode? I feel underneath, and it's very warm, and I had nothing playing on it overnight. Just recieved mine and wow it is awesome. Now I have to get rid of my soundbar.... I got mine 2 days ago, set it up and started streaming spotify over it. I have it set up in my living room along with my surround system for my tv, my roommate came home and said "Is all that sound coming from JUST that!?" That comment made it worth the purchase I just wanted to say that the new FAQ site is great and there is a customer forum section that I suggest everyone take a look at. For example, I just posted a new feature request. You guys are sure running a great company!! Congratulations!!! By the way Archt Audio, as I'm writing this late at night on the East Coast, USA, you may want to take the directions that I put in my last post, make them sound a lot better, and post them as a new update. This will save you a lot of time from explaining yourself over and over again. I'm just a happy fan of yours trying to help out. I have an iPhone 6 Plus and it worked perfectly with Wi-Fi and AirPlay. People just need to follow your simple instructions that were given in the box ... They will work. What I think needs to be clarified is that once you go onto the wireless settings, you will notice that the speaker name appears lower down on the screen under AirPlay; then you click that and it will say it has been paired. Then you go back to your normal wifi. Then turn on a song in music. You then slide up from the bottom of the screen, and on the bar that says AirDrop ... will now also have AirPlay on it. You touch that and it will show the iPhone speaker and the Archt Audio speaker. Obviously you touch Archt Audio, and magic happens... I hope that helps everyone. I am astounded at the amount of tight base that is coming from the unit. Fantastic. I look forward to the iOS app to help the sound stage, as you say it does, as I'm anxious to see what it will actually do to make it better than it already is!! Congratulations!!!!!!! Steven Landau Sorry for the double post! I absolutely love the unit! But I'm a couple of years away from an iPhone! Any chance you guys will be working on Android functionality? Arrived today and after trying with wifi and getting frustrated I gave up and switched to bluetooth, no problem. Instructions are a little over-simplified in my opinion, and the light color ink makes them very difficult to read. Overall very happy with the sound but, like others, am looking forward to the app to see what they're really capable of. Have already found an inconsistency in function. When playing sound from an iOS device the volume controls on the device control the full range of the volume. However, when paired to a computer the volume control on the computer only controls a narrow range of the total volume (kind of like a fine tune) and the Archt One controls the much wider range of the sound. Hopefully you can fix this so volume control on the computer performs exactly the same as on an iOS device. Using an iMac 21.5 running OSX 10.10.2 Thanks! @ARCHT Audio Thanks, video was good, I only have the one unit so I'm pretty sure I had the unit in Pairing mode but will try again...just enjoying the wireless mode right now.. I guess the Bluetooth mode would only be necessary if I was outside my wireless network anyway? The sound as a number of people have mentioned is crystal clear and I cant wait to optimize it for the room and get it cranked up :) I received mine in Norway yesterday. This was really something! The sound is clear, open, friendly to my ears, and very very enjoyable. After I have listened to one song or video, I just want to listen to another song or video. And it looks great too. Thanks for making this excellent product. Sounds amazing! Connected wirelessly with no issues but Bluetooth was unsuccessful? Archt was on Bluetooth mode but iphone 6 did not show it as a device. Thank you! Will do! Just got it today. Sounds great! Nevermind it's on the fedex truck already. Can't wait ! Need to wait 2 days even though the Fedex office is only 10 minutes away from me. Is there a possibility to pick it up? Hi. Received email for contact verification on 11 March and responded on the same day. Just wondering when might shipping be arranged and tracking number issued accordingly. My location is Singapore. Hi. Just taken delivery. Looks all good, but can you tell me what the input voltage is? Also, the power cord should be applicable to the country of use (Australia) As far as I know you can connect only one device at a time via Bluetooth. Given that, I was able to connect my MacBook, iPhone and Android phones to the Archt without any issue at all. Although when I did connect Archt to the my MacBook, I had to select the output device under System Preferences since the MacBook was also connected to a speaker on my external monitor. @Movie Kang thanks! 0000 didn't work, I'm afraid. I also tried 1111 and 1234. The message I get is "error occurred during the registration process. Please try to register again." On another note, I was successful pairing the ARCHT with my computer, but when I tried playing a video, no sound came out. I expect I'm going to have a little more fiddling to do there). Vidya, I have it connected to my tablet and my phone. So yes to your question about connecting through to other devices. Vidya, try 0000 Oh, also, is there a pair code for certain BT devices? My PS3 is asking for one. Sounds GREAT !!!! I can't wait for the android app. Has anyone else tried to register their's ? Cause that part of the site is giving me a 414 error. Whoohoo! It works! This is awesome! Another question: can it pair with multiple devices, and switch based on which one's playing? Ideally, I want to connect it to my TV, but until I figure out exactly how to do that, I'd like to connect it via Bluetooth to my PS3 and my HTPC, so any media rendering from there will play through the speaker. That's good to know. I'll test it on a different strip. Vidya, It does work on a powerstrip. I watched 3 movies on netflix, with the Archt One connected to my Smart TV via optical audio out, while plugged into a powerstrip. You may need to get a new powerstrip. Enjoy. Hmmm, my ARCHT isn't powering on, actually. But I'm using a power strip. Does the ARCHT need to be plugged directly into the wall? If that's the case, I may need to rethink my placement of it - at the moment, I have very few exposed wall outlets (most of my devices are on power strips). @Movie Kang thanks! I wasn't sure if that would plug into the optical out jack (this is the first time I've tried plugging additional speakers into the TV) Vidya, use an auxiliary cable for optical out. <url>"super early" order and want to make sure there are no unnecessary delays Thanks Morry Hey Team Please let me know if you can tag the shipment as a gift, else I am very sure I will be slapped by an import sales tax. Major bummer! Regards Hi, you mentioned previously that you'll make sure that it'll work for me. Will you be shipping my reward (Black Friday audiophile reward) with a frequency converter to allow the orbit to work in Europe? Looking forward to your reply. I posted my wish for ARCHT integration on NEEO's uservote website here: <url>"Orbit's AC motor requires a 60Hz power supply to work properly. If you live somewhere with 50Hz, you will need a frequency converter such as this." Will you be provide this convertor? I'm slightly concerned as being in the UK, we have a 50Hz supply! ----- More photos would be great especially the ARCHT in white. Please upload more photos of the ARCHT in both colours. Love to see an external pack that could be used on both the original Archt one and the future editions. Maybe if the battery pack could act as a pedestal for both the original and the following editions ? Definitely a demand for this as shown by the repeated questions about it ( do give a KS promo code though! ) Also, a transparent Archt One? And last , Android functionality ! It's only sensible ! Alfred @ creator + 1 at Derrick's comment aww.. too bad. will go KPO to take a sneak peek at the product ;) Do you have more product shots of Piano White? Too hard to decide. Hi! I got an email asking to update my address. It suggests to write an address in English, which I did, but on a step of confirmation it offeres me to use "more precise" address, which is in Russian. So what should I do - chose the one in English or in Russian? And can i please ask regarding the power supply options? Any cheaper shipping for Singapore? :D I have just filled in the survey and there was a question about the next Archt product. The first option was smaller portable Bluetooth speaker. I think there are plenty on the market, it's crowded. The last one was current one with battery pack. I thought this one had a battery! Are there any product shots of the White one? Why the change of name from Dream One to Archt One? All i want for Christmas is ARCHT One! Are these speakers scheduled for on time January delivery? What drivers are you using ? After setting up the Bluetooth function, does one have to push a button on the Archt one to wake it up and then you can start streaming, or can you just play right from your mobile device without doing anything. Also, if one were to switch between using the Aux output to the Bluetooth to output sound sound, do you have to switch the Input selector button? Hi, how does the sound compare to The Core Speaker which uses Wave Field Synthesis to create its multidimensional stereo sound? Wondering about what voltage it require? what about windows phone? @Creator Looked at the google+ video. You mentioned about the optimization app for iOS. There will be one for Android? I'm sure the question has been answered previously but what kind of warranty will come with the device? Thanks in advance! @Creator Awesome. I'll be taking another Archt One then. Double The JOY! =) Why you guys are supporting older version of Wireless standard like WIFI 802.11G ? @Creator I almost forgot to ask this - UK plug support? An idea for a stretch goal is free worldwide shipping for us early adopters..... The product looks awesome... If I upgrade to two archt ones will my shipping be delayed a month or would you guys still honor the estimated February delivery ? Hey Guys, I'm anxiously awaiting your product and am planning on using it with the Olive One (<url>"omnidirectional" speakers out there that slaps speakers all around and calls it as such. This speaker truly disperses the sound evenly and consistently, creating a sound experience unlike anything you have heard before. One thing that i feel i should clarify. This speaker is not designed to provide surround sound, so if you are buying this speaker for that purpose, you would be disappointed. Due to the setup of the speaker, stereo or surround sound cannot be achieved, as it is impossible to have both omnidirectional, consistent sound, as well as directional, stereo sound at the same time. They are meant for people who want that consistent, room filling sound that gives them the freedom to enjoy their music without worrying about the sweet spot. After auditioning it for a few hours, I decided to back a pair for myself. I guess the only gripe now is having to wait so long to have my own ARCHT One! I'm with @Benjamin -- Looking forward to some additional reviews. The Mikeshouts goes over features but touches very little on how these sound. I appreciate the forum feedback of those who have already heard the speaker. The input is appreciated. Still waiting for some audio quality reviews... Other than the Ferrari dealership in Singapore, are there any other places we can her the audio quality of the Archt One? Does the Archt One support aptX? I chanced on the ARCHT One today! I was drawn to "Hotel California" by the eagles whilst in the Ferrari Dealership in Singapore. The fullness of sound seemed to fill the showroom. Vocals are clear and bass was tight and controlled. I decided to investigate since it was quite unusual. Turned out it was the ARCHT One. I was shocked at how a little thing like the ARCHT One could produce that power and quality. For those of us who has similar systems, you would understand how with most other systems you always feel like its trying to “shout” from a corner just to fill the room. The ARCHT One is definitely special. Still blown away as I am writing this. I trust the creators at least from what I heard personally. Please continue to back them. There is something special about the ARCHT One and the team behind it. Quite honestly, I am already looking forward to their next product. To the ARCHT One team, please send me mine in time for Christmas! Hello. For the electric power cord, does it fit to france (230Vac, 50Hz)? Thank you Had a chance to sample both the Archt One and Naim Muso last week. In my opinion, both systems performed brilliantly. However, the Archt filled the entire room more as compared to the Muso. Cost wise, the Muso is priced almost twice the amount. How does the Archt one function in an outdoor environment with no walls? What kind of improvements are slated for your current design? Where are the "raving" audio quality reviews? Yeah, I think I am going to back out. Not enough info or sound reviews. Hello creators, happy to be backing your product. I'd like to ask you all to be a bit more responsive to questions about what you offer. 321 backers is a great start to a successful campaign. The more responses to your customer base, the more likely they will refer others to your kickstarter project. I'd like to see more video that emphasizes the sound quality. We can't ask you for improvements before delivery, if we don't know what you should improve on. Thanks in advance. Your press from Forbes seems a tad bit misleading; they quoted you. You quoted them quoting you: "Dream Audio was inspired by a Mont Blanc pen to design a stunning $600 speaker it says will offers 360-degree sound dispersion — basically, the audio will sound great no matter where you are in the room. " You guys said they said: “The audio will sound great no matter where you are in the room” - Forbes Bump my questions: Three questions How loud is it? I have a 35 by 50 room I plan on using this speaker in. There is a lot of furniture in the room, sofas and couches. Capacity is about 60 people. In the video you stated it uses sonar tech to measure room size. How does that work outdoors? None of the videos show power attached. Is there a battery? From some of the details you provided it can charge a smartphone so I'm guessing there is a built in battery. What's the battery life like? Can't wait to get mine !! Will you also be offering a warranty/customer support?Thanks. @creator Thinking of unbacking guys, there has only been one review of the actual audio quality and they stated (and I quote) "audiophiles need not apply". Every other article just speaks about the "idea" behind the sound array. You guys have made some pretty lofty claims about hi-fidelity sound quality that need to be backed up before I'm putting down any cash! C'mon @creator the digitaltrend isn't a review of the sound, did they even test it? And the Mens Journal bottom line: "The Archt One emphasizes the low-range, but it tends to make guitars and subtle details sound a little bland." is not good. Three questions How loud is it? I have a 35 by 50 room I plan on using this speaker in. There is a lot of furniture in the room, sofas and couches. Capacity is about 60 people. In the video you stated it uses sonar tech to measure room size. How does that work outdoors? None of the videos show power attached. Is there a battery? From some of the details you provided it can charge a smartphone so I'm guessing there is a built in battery. What's the battery life like? @creator does the ARCHT have to be placed in the middle of a room / out in the open unobstructed to deliver that same sound evenness as marketed? I guess I am asking if it can be concealed and still deliver same sound performance. Will there be support for UK plugs? Hi, i am interested to know how well does it do in gaming, for example FPS game, if the explosion is on right side , does it only reproduce sound on my right side ? Hi, I just read the specifications, which means ARCHT One doesn't support 240 volt? Thanks Hi guys, congrats on the successful funding. Could you explain to me how you can deliver stereo sound from a single full-range driver and subwoofer? @Michael - I was actually thinking the same thing, would be great if it did :)! Congrats on the successful funding ARCHT Audio! Really looking forward to receiving this hopefully amazing speaker! Does it need to be charged or plugged in to play thru Bluetooth or wifi? @creator Can we get some tangible specs such as frequency response and % distortion? Thanks! Would this work with the Prism project that's on kickstarter right now? @ Creator Hi, was wondering if ARCHT One would replace a soundbar? Currently using Philips HTL5120, 120 watt soundbar speakers for my telly. Any idea how ARCHT One would compare to it? Alfred @creator how do you deal with 2.4Ghz congestion? @ Richard Thornton - Same here. Thought I'm a bit torn between the Core and this. The core has about 4 days to go. I'm waiting for an independent review raving about the SQ, until then, it's just another CPU with Wi-Fi/BT, Amp and speaker in an nice enclosure... I doubt they would use a high quality material such as steel for the sound array and then use anything less than adequate on the cabinet itself! Lets see what they have to say It looks a lot like plastic to me? Hey guys, really excited to back this product! One question I think a lot of backers are wondering, what material is the speaker cabinet made of? @creator thanks, for my user experience I would like to use Chromecast with the Pandora app on Android, I have absolutely no need for AirPlay and never have bluetooth active on my phone, you may lose up to 50% of your potential backers with this strategy. So definitely no Chromecast support? I assume the ARCHT has some kind of ARM CPU and Linux OS, could it run Pianobar (A Pandora daemon for Linux), if it could, then you could have an app like Pionobar Remote on android to control the daemon? Is there Android (Chromecast) support? Do you have any independent listening reviews, tested in a home environment? Thanks! Sounds fantastic @creator, just what I have been looking for - I can't wait to get my hands on one :)