I still have not received mine? Should I just assume I never will? Nevermind, I did recive mine and just had misplaced the package! I haven't received my deck yet. I wonder if they are still being shipped out? Got a call from some layers (twice) asking if I received my pledge, told them I did. Decks received in Mexico. FINALLY I RECEIVED MY DECKS. I'm glad you were able to fulfill these. Finally got my 1 brick today, good luck to others. Deck arrived UK. Nice but what a wait. Decks arrived on island today!! WOW, better late than never I would say. Still nothing in Romania... but any real pleasure from eventually receiving these will be minimized, knowing what this guy did to the backers, but most important, to the artist. Got mine today in Italy... No comment about Mr. Ed Nash, for me 4 year of delay is simply unacceptable. Got my three decks today, finally! Decks and Dealer Button pledge level received in Australia. Good to see that Mr Nash is living up to his responsibility in regards to the project. It's just a shame that a) It took so long, & b) It had to involve court proceedings to get him to meet those responsibilities. There is definitely a lesson here for both creators and supporters. My decks arrived today in Canada. I guess patience truly is a virtue. I was very surprised to receive a package and inside were the Asylum cards from this project. The certificate of insanity was in pretty bad shape, but everything else looked really good. Pledge fulfilled in Australia today, very impressed. Well done, I had long ago given up hope of this one. Happiness. :) al last! Received my cards today. Amazingly, this Kickstarter fulfilled my pledge. To my surprise, decks were in my mail today. (Amsterdam) Better late than never, I guess. Deck, dice and dealer button received in Spain. Well, this is a certainly surprising outcome. WoW...thought this day would never come...the deck...the extra decks...and the signed poster...a nice Valentien's present for sure...thanks for restoring my faith � Deck received in Germany wow never thought that this will happen. *rubbing my eyes* a envelope....from Ed Nash?!?! Is it already christmas? YEAH MAN! My decks have come in. took 1 week to arrive in germany! The only downside on the cards are the borders....they are very thick so you can completly forget about fanning the deck. You will see what i mean when you get yours. So happy to be surprised with my decks today. Thanks so much! I'm in Australia and wating on my cards.... and wondering if I will be receiving the original art I'm meant to be getting (or maybe just some extra decks or some sort of compensation). OMFG! I just received my deck and dice! I had completely written this project off as a loss and expected to never hear about this again. The artwork on the deck is beautiful. I also backed the artist's other campaign and received it very quickly Wow .... am weeks behind checking my email so was shocked to find everything I'd pledged for in my mailbox tonight. Woo-hoo. Thanks! I got mine yesterday. Thank you! Got mine today, thanks! Got mine in the mail yesterday. Such a surprise as I wasn't expecting anything. Very surprised to actually see my pledge delivered in its entirety yesterday. ( deck, dice, chips). Just received my 2 decks and dealers token about an hour ago in central Minnesota. just to confirm I ordered 2 decks and an uncut, just reminding so I dont have to go through hassle if only 1 deck and an uncut arrives ;) Received my two decks in Wisconsin, February 7th. Am I going insane? Has this Kickstarter finally pulled through? The deck looks fantastic. Thank you for finally making this happen. Received in Indiana HOLY!! I was like what is this... You have got to be kidding me... Finally after 4 years... Asylum Playing cards, I thought I had gone insane when I aw them, but apparently not. Wow, they came through. Excellent. now for my original sketch art.... Received my 3 deck of cards today (2-8-2016) in the mail. What a pleasant surprise! In my case I ignored the recent survey/message to update delivery address as mine did not change. While I almost missed the address deadline, I got mine updated (Independence, Missouri) and received my deck and dice today. Everything looks good! Wow, I finally got mine here in Orlando just before leaving for work. should be ok if i missed the survey? my address hasn't changed Got nothing in the UK Got nothing coming up here in Canada eh? AND WHAT ABOUT THE ARTIST.???!! This is what he said August last year.............. I'm happy to hear that someone received the decks from Nash, although I probably won't have any benefits from it. Nash didn't even informed me about printing. Nor he answered my email. I realized the deck is printed after I saw the comments in original campaign comments section. To be honest, I'm not sure how he succeed it. I didn't gave him permit to publish my art, so I suppose that USPCC gave him access to their archives. Which is quite unprofessional from such a big firm. Nash was pressured from the court of Washington state, I suppose he is trying to stop lawsuits from other states, that's why he printed decks. Not sure would the backers outside of USA, will receive their rewards, too... <url>"Altius Management" has sent that message to the backers? I bet it's becouse he have to, to fullfill some legal stuff prior facing a demand. But, coming out of nowhere with just a "hey! I'm going to send all the stuff" without explanations, pre-print samples, or what happens with the add ons and so... I can say that all seems like another little drop in the big pile of s**t. Wow, a year and a half of silence and now he wants us to update addresses within 48 hours. That's gutsy. IF this is really going to happen, what is going to happen about the add ons? There was no where on the survey to put what the add ons were. STFU!!!! Cool Lawrence, I'm in Orlando as well. Gives me a bit of hope that I will get mine too. Haven't heard anything back, messaged with updated shipping address. In UK and have never received my cards I received my decks today in Orlando, Florida. Surprise! Got mine in mid-December - immediately went into the trash as I stopped collecting playing cards roughly three years ago... Would've been nice if these hadn't taken 4 years to produce and ship... Hmm will give it a shot Update: UK here, and all of my pledge turned up in December, after some email exchanges with Mr Nash to ensure the shipment was done correctly. So if you haven't yet received your rewards I would send another email using the contact details here. Still nothing. 2016 and still no deck here in California Still no deck x2 and dealer button Australia Still nothing in Israel. Nothing here in Ohio. Not here in Florida. nothing here in germany What? Some people are really receiving their rewards? I haven't received mine (I am in Finland), and I think I never will... are other people still receiving theirs? Nothing in germany I might have a change in address from when this campaign was on. How do I check? If they email everyone asking addresses that would be easiest Received mine :-) Finally got my decks today, was so surprised to receive them! Also got chips and dice that I don't remember ordering. Oh, nice. I'm curious to know if I need to get the prosecution ball rolling in Florida. We'll see. Two decks and dealer button turned up at my doorstep this morning. Got my cards from the relaunch of asylum over the weekend. Still nothing from this one though... UK backer here. My two decks turned up today. Thanks very much, they really are awesome :) Nothing in UK yet Hello fellow kickstarters here is a link to compare this deck to the new one that launched this year. The deck on the Right is this set and the one on the Left is the new deck from this years campaign. <url>"What a long, strange trip it's been." I also got a package today with my reward. Milan: the cards look great. I know you had nothing whatsoever to do with the absolute cluster that "Altius Management" (or whatever it's called now) and/or Ed Nash/Polchopek (or whatever he's calling himself now) turned this project into. My package requested a signature and after my initial shock died down, I chuckled imagining how expensive this must all have become for him. If only he had been honest, informative and (I'll say it again) HONEST from the beginning he may not have ran into the problems he did. I hope everyone else gets their rewards soon as well! Weird I just received a package from Ed Nash containing my reward, not that I care anymore. Wonder what prompted that? I too received an email from the DA requesting my information and contribution amount. Hello. So I got an email from the DA handling this case asking for information about my contribution to this campaign. Hopefully more info will be coming soon... News everyone. Polchlopek looks to not have shown to defend himself and lost by default. Not a lawyer mind you, just interpreting what I see here and the short summary available (this doesn't resolve anything yet though): <url>#disqus_thread And: <url>’s a new project, and we and are not affiliated in any way with previous publisher - Altius Management, the question “what to offer suffered backers” is still open. We would appreciate every thoughts and ideas about that. How do you see it? <url>’m sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. In this case, it doesn't look like the project will ever be completed. We expect all members of the Kickstarter community to act with honesty and openness. When we find that people are abusing the system or the trust of others, we do not hesitate to suspend their account or restrict certain account privileges, like launching another project. We have a dedicated Integrity Team that monitors our system and reviews reports that we receive from our community. While we can’t speak to the nature of specific projects that have been approved or declined, we’re constantly working on improving our vetting process for creators and we are grateful for the feedback that people like you provide. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate with each other through these developments. We’re sorry that this hasn’t been the case with this project, but hope that you’ll continue to back projects that you’re excited about. Did KS reach out to you other backers with my concerns as they said they would in regards to this project? I'm really hoping to see the lawsuit come through and make it clear that Kickstarter is NOT a place for scammers like Ed Nash or others. I'm also hoping to see Ed Nash being accountable for this scam I reported this scam project a year ago, kickstarted did nothing. @knockman, is he actually refunding? It's only $25.00 but there are several local charities that could use that more than I could. Reported this several times now. KS Admin do sweet FA about it and have no interest in getting involved. KS is a shambolic set-up an there are far better crowd-funding sites out there now who do take an interest in proper conduct and good service. You won't get any joy from them. Instead, see Ed Nash's Twitter below - pop him a quick reply asking him for your money back. Everyone at least go click on the "report this project to kickstarter" button on the bottom of the main page and then post-funding issues. It has been over a year and in my last post from sept 19, I list his violations. Might want to do it once a week, after a month move it up to every day. You tell em Joseph! HAHAHAHA Good luck with that SJ, this project is dead and our money is long gone, we were all suckers and too many times now! This user's account has been deleted. It appears Ed's twitter is no longer private! You might want to go say hi. <url>•they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; •they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; •they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; •they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and •they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. He has not even attempted to communicate what is going on and a year ago he requested all of our information so he could send us the decks at least in "good faith". A year ago! He even said the money was spent on another project by a colleague. So how do we take legal action? As far as updates, it looks like the court case isn't being presented until 06-22-2015 Seattle Time. I could be wrong but that is just doing some searching at Washington Courts website here (<url>"working on fulfilling" this project. looking forward to updates on lawsuit - another uk backer There were tons of backers investigating the life of EDWARD J. POLCHLOPEK, III AKA "Ed Nash" and his company Altius Management, especially after the artist reached out and told us that he never got a cent, and the US Playing Card Company said that they had never heard of the guy. Some of the many results from various blogs/social networks were gathered (although this is an incomplete list) instagram.com/p/ctzi2BpNkx/# instagram.com/p/cucv2_JNqS/# instagram.com/p/cKT8evpNnl/# instagram.com/p/aW7MQsJNvn/# instagram.com/p/aOZQ4WJNs2/# instagram.com/p/Z4CUctJNup/# instagram.com/p/ZOjjAgJNkX/# foursquare.com/.../5160b6aae4b033963802a41c... This is the information given to me by the disgruntled FB group member. where i have to sign to be refounded in case of lawsuit success? I'm so glad I checked on the status of this project. I also live in Washington state. Very sad we backers were taken advantage of so I hope this lawsuit sends a clear message. It seems I had forgotten all about this and just discovered comments about a lawsuit. Is there any update on this? How do people from CA get involved in this? Any new information you can give us backers? Any updates on the lawsuit? Pledged $26 for two decks to come to the UK. One was going to be framed and hung up in my hallway.. I've moved house twice since this project ended... Fingers crossed something good came of the lawsuit! Must say I completely forgot about this one...! Such a shame ars@_+fk#@s like Nash take advantage of peoples good nature like this. Lost only £10-ish on this one so I guess I'll put it down to experience rather wasting my time by chasing him. Guess that's what he was always counting on though... Really feel for the Artist too. The artwork really did look like dynamite. So is there no recourse for us Canadian backers? REFUND OUR MONEY. Well.. I'm in WA state. I don't know if I'm one of the 31. Tho' I am interested to see how this turns out.. Definitely a precedent for future KS fraud. (Hopefully ending in a good precedent) Especially where I have had a decently amount more invested, than this one *cough Airborne in your Pocket cough* - Yes, it's faith in the project, and getting burned happens. But at least in the ones where it is straight up fraud (not ones, that legitimately try, and fail. For example), it would be nice to at least make KS campaign creators think twice before going in w/ fraudulent intentions. Well, good news about the law suit. I read through the whole thing but I couldn't determine whether this will help the international backers as well. Could someone enlighten me, please? Well, that's a good news. And hopefully a very expensive lesson to learn for Mr. Nash. Just came back here to find out, that there is a law suit. AWESOME. if I could be of any help here in Germany let me know. I will not check back here more often!!! Meh, never said I agreed with him. @Adam That guy really should have checked out the details of the lawsuit before posting that. Just because someone is nice to YOU, doesn't mean they're a good person. All you have to do is look at what has happened and you can see this isn't a trustworthy guy. He couldn't even be bothered to respond to the BBB. FYI <url>"TRUTH... is a marvelous thing. #truth" — it's absolutely pathetic. We're into the 19th month since the project ended. He got paid the money. We got nothing. THAT is the #truth. There were tons of backers investigating the life of EDWARD J. POLCHLOPEK, III AKA "Ed Nash" and his company Altius Management, especially after the artist reached out and told us that he never got a cent, and the US Playing Card Company said that they had never heard of the guy. Some of the many results from various blogs/social networks were gathered (although this is an incomplete list) instagram.com/p/ctzi2BpNkx/# instagram.com/p/cucv2_JNqS/# instagram.com/p/cKT8evpNnl/# instagram.com/p/aW7MQsJNvn/# instagram.com/p/aOZQ4WJNs2/# instagram.com/p/Z4CUctJNup/# instagram.com/p/ZOjjAgJNkX/# foursquare.com/.../5160b6aae4b033963802a41c... This is the information given to me by the disgruntled FB group member. Posted by Rebecca Hartsock about 2 hours ago "I'm an investigator at the Washington State Attorney General's office and have been working on this matter with Jake Bernstein. One of our local news stations is interested in interviewing any of the backers who live in Washington state. I don't know for sure if you will be on TV but it is highly possible. Even if you don't want to be on TV it would still be helpful for them to interview you to contribute to the story. If anyone is interested, please contact me at <email>. Thank you!" anything new on the progress of the lawsuit? why is ks deleting comments? i wanted to reread a comment i read the other night that first had the news and now it's gone. <url>#.U2fA2l64H0A I'm in UK so I have to say I'm out on the periphery here I guess. But - I am (honestly) in this order: (a) very interested to see the individual brought to account to answer for his actions; (b) the complete resolution to this sad story of exploitation of the artist and the backers; (c) the chance of financial compensation for everyone hopefully, but for someone somewhere at the very least. I think I may have lost my money for good, but if there's any restitution, so be it; and, (d) KS improves their side of the operations to attempt to improve governance for the future. I'm seconding Ropya's question: Anything we can or should do if we aren't WA residents? (I'm in Indiana, myself) So how does this work for those of us that dont live in WA? Ie, I live in FL. Is everyone included, or just WA residents? . No matter what, I hope they bury his ass. Just read the news and Seattle Times article. Excellent work guys, appreciate all you've done. THANK YOU to the 31 who are helping us! If there is someway to for me to assist please ask :) And, if the people behind this prosecution need any supporting material from, I'm happy to provide it for their research and reference. I was a major backer in this, and I would still back the artist Milan in achieving this, but only when he will feel ready to do so in the future. He is a victim of this nasty little herbert along with all the backers here, regardless of their stake. He has seen his artistic creations misused and by that association, his own character tarnished, unfairly and unjustly. I say again here publicly - if Milan ever saw fit to seek funding to see his portfolio used to create proper products, I would back him again. Twice I asked KS Admin to get involved, twice I got the mandatory shrug off "sorry, can't do a thing" response. That is irresponsible. You don't provide a service, cream off a cut, and then turn your back on what's going on while you count the cash earned from that cut. I may not get my money back, as I'm a UK resident, but I wish the prosecution and the Washington crew all the best. If anything comes out of this, I hope there's better governance and protection for future backers and creators too, from the people who run this site. I had completely forgotten I had backed this project. Read the article about the lawsuit and a link to the KS page here and saw that I had pledged for it. Glad to see a scammer is going to get whats coming to him! I'm on that list of 31 Washington State residents who backed the project. <url>"Ed Nash": It would have been far less inexpensive if you had seen this project to completion. If this was all a scam, it will cost you far more earning 25K USD. The lawsuit names "Edward J. Polchlepek III, otherwise known as Ed Nash, and his company," so changing the name of the company (or changing his own name) isn't going to get him out of this lawsuit. This situation is getting verrry interesting. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes, they are finally suing Ed's ass! We are finally going to get what we deserve...our money back! <url>#.U2OgazdW5LM Looks like I got scooped by the geekwire article below, but the Seattle Times also wrote about the Washington State Attorney General lawsuit: <url>"Contact" button points to the now-defunct Altius Management website. He'll need a new rock to hide under, I guess? I'm sure they notice. This opens up a slew of other unfulfilled projects and creators to the same kind of lawsuit. Tut tut, Naughty Nash. I wonder if KS Admin will take any notice now? Hope so. Looks like the lawsuit is beginning to make the rounds on the internet. <url>#.U2K3LvldUXk OK, complaint made to KS Admin, request identifier number received in reply, and I await what they have to say about this. I will keep everyone posted. Has anyone re-raised this with KS Admin again? I don't mind giving it another go. And I don't think he's hiding - he's posting again on Twitter @Ed_Nash There were tons of backers investigating the life of EDWARD J. POLCHLOPEK, III AKA "Ed Nash" and his company Altius Management, especially after the artist reached out and told us that he never got a cent, and the US Playing Card Company said that they had never heard of the guy. Some of the many results from various blogs/social networks were gathered (although this is an incomplete list) instagram.com/p/ctzi2BpNkx/# instagram.com/p/cucv2_JNqS/# instagram.com/p/cKT8evpNnl/# instagram.com/p/aW7MQsJNvn/# instagram.com/p/aOZQ4WJNs2/# instagram.com/p/Z4CUctJNup/# instagram.com/p/ZOjjAgJNkX/# foursquare.com/.../5160b6aae4b033963802a41c... This is the information given to me by the disgruntled FB group member. Almost a year and no updates. Ed Nash is in hiding. @TimJ, many thanks for outlining that. So essentially KS Admin should now do something about this, as he cannot complete the contract with the 810 backers, even if he wanted too. Milan deserves better support, he needs an opportunity to see his work produced as it should have been in the first place. And we the backers should see that project deliver. I think KS Admin is now partly to blame/liable and it would be the decent thing to be seen to sort this out. Perhaps a Twitter message or five would shine another light on all this? RETURN OUR MONEY ED NASH. Found my Milan Looks like Ed is continuing in the same manner: <url>"Ed Nash": A reply would be nice i really find this a tad confusing international laws vary should i go for TN AG or my own countries do i do the same thing if im an a Australian backer the procedures the same? The Quicksilver Playing Cards got their rewards from contacting the attorney general <url>"make it right" with the KS community without himself underwriting the funds necessary to fulfill what he could, and I'm sure Ed would never provide him with the detailed information of who pledged for what, even if Milan had the money and the will to do so. Can he sue Ed for breach of contract? Is Milan looking at other means for getting his designs printed through more established playing card publishers? Thanks. @Ed: So, the longer you take to do anything, the more expensive it'll be to fulfill the project. What are your plans for refunding us? Or, for fulfilling the project? @Knockman - That is how Milan explained it to me, that his contract with Ed was based on a period of time in which Ed could make a print run to fulfill this project. I have spoken with Milan about other ways he could see his product in print and help to fix things between himself and the KS community., without backers putting up more money in advance. (A print on demand service through a 3rd party was my suggestion). Kickstarter takes a portion of the collected funds for a project, correct? Does that make them an accessory to fraud? REFUND US. Where is my money !!! @Tim J. Meyer - is that true - the licence/contract to publish has expired? If that is the case, it does put a new dynamic on this. It would mean that he cannot fulfil the obligations, even if he wanted too, and KS Admin would have to provide a better response than just stick their fingers in their ears and mutter "la, la, la." I urge anyone who pledged for Kickstarter campaigns that never delivered to complain on Kickstarter. Just go to the bottom of the page, click Support under the Help section, find the project, and then open up a support ticket. The more the better! Not as well researched as it could have been. It's my understanding that the contract with Milan is expired. So legally, Nash can't legally produce the deck. Additionally it was stated previously than Nash never even paid Milan. Additionally, Nash claimed the cards were with USPC, who stated they have never worked with him. They made it sound like Nash wasn't just a con artist. Which he obviously is. <url>"If the accusations of "scam" and "fraud" were accurate, you would not be hearing from us at all." It's been over six months since a single word or update on the project. I'd say, that the previous quote has been the only true statement issued by Ed Nash and Altius Management. Well said sir. Well said! Follow-up to the previous comment: according to Facebook it seems like it might be so. "Edward Polchlopek" has this "Ed Nash" character listed as his son. So either the name has been changed or he is just using an alias. Of course this does not change anything, but thought I'd mention that... the father must be real proud to read all about his son's "success" in the business world... Wonder if "Ed Nash" is actually a real name or not... BBB's site had this: "Business Management Principal: Edward Polchlopek III Mr. Ed Nash (Owner)" "Ed Nash" is from Nashville, and Nash might come from the place... What does "Principal" in the site (link below) mean? Is "Edward Polchlopek III" connected with BBB or this Altius scam? Just wondering whether whether "Ed Nash" is actually this "Edward Polchlopek III"...? Of course, I might be totally wrong and "E.P. III" is someone who is looking into the scam at BBB? <url>"unclaimed." - See more at: <url>#sthash.ZGqO2TD6.dpuf I've asked for a refund multiple times, he refuses to answer any emails. I have posted, commented, emailed, and just short of harassed Nash...The only thing I have yet to try is request a refund from Amazon and my Credit Card Company. Kickstarter won't touch this. If you need proof look up Odin's Ravens Kickstarter...That one truly did take the money and run, but nothing has been done about it legally yet... Is it really so easy to get away with a fraud like this? I mean, the guy just collected the money and nobody can do anything about it? I am an overseas backer so I do not really know about the policies for taking any action regarding this. Kickstarter does not seem to have any means to get the money back, and the guy does not really seem to care for his reputation. His Facebook page and his blog has comments about this project as well but he just fails to reply or even acknowledge them. So I guess he just took the money and ran without any shame, indeed. May I therefore suggest backers send e-mails accordingly using this: <url>´m more shocked that only a few people react to that situation..... i´m a international backer but if i was a US backer....i would had made a visit at Ed Nash new office...thats for sure! It's obvious at this point that Ed Nash stole our money and ran. @Michael Jones I am just posting the information I have. I never said I believed the information, just sharing with the rest of the class. I haven't seen anything since, so it may have just been a tactic to placate me or an attempt to dissuade others from spamming his blog with complaints and accusations. Check out the comments on this project: <url>"tracking" system Kickstarter is doing will in some way force thieves like Ed Nash to fulfill their promises. Well done Adam, and thanks. --Ed Nash Email-- Ed Nash here. Yes, I removed the comment from the blog, but wanted to respond to you personally. I absolutely understand the frustration, and I am as frustrated as anyone that I have not yet been able to fulfill the project. I know that the promises seem empty -- because you don't know me, nor do most of the backers. I wish there was something more I could say to instill more confidence, but the truth is that the only thing I can do is fulfill the project as promised. It will happen - and I hate that I can't give a definitive date. I've considered, in the meantime, putting together at least a digital package of the elements for the backers---until I have the cards and can ship them with the additional materials. I'd certainly welcome your thoughts and input into this. I'm doing everything I can to speed up the process and get this done-that's all I can do at this point. Sincerely, Ed --My Response-- I would suggest rather than avoiding the backers, give the backers what they want (communication if not rewards/refunds). Tell us where things are with the project; we deserve that much. Don't just slap up the generic "since there is no information, I am not going to tell you anything." With Kickstarter projects there should always be news until completion. If you aren't giving updates, it comes across that you aren't putting any effort into the project and that you don't respect us for making the project happen. We don't need a hard date (though a time frame would be nice), but you still have to be transparent or the backers will continue to rabble rouse where ever we can. You need to remember that saying have faith is all good and well, but people attend places of worship to remind them why they should have faith. If you are truly attempting to complete the project, then (repeatedly) give people an idea of what is going on, what you are doing to complete the project, and why it is stuck in a lurch. This may take twenty minutes out of your day once or twice a week. I don't believe that is too much to ask for actually. Offering a print file may placate some of the angry backers, but it won't placate all of them. So, all that is left to say is Deeds, Not Words. Respectfully, Adam Green And comment deleted... Just left comments on Mr. Nashes blog @ <url>"update" (if you can call it that). Ed Nash took the money and ran... It's UK Crowd Funding Day today, and as this seems to have stalled, I think it serves as a perfect example how NOT to manage a project. And I think I'll provide a comment online to others about KS as well. Ten weeks on from my last post here and there's no new information on this at all. Asylum playing cards never to be print Aysilum Ed Nash? I thought his name was Ed Polchlopek?? Ed Nash... fraudster supreme... Just in case anyone wants to get him up to speed on how reliable his manager is when it comes to delivering for his clients. Worth noting: Altius is bragging about yet another client: <url>~$7,500. That's chump change in the grand scheme of things. Honestly, I could get a $7,500 personal line of credit from the bank without breaking a sweat - I can only imagine it would be even easier for Altius Management who just expanded their operations. Ed - Man up and do what needs to be done to get at least the cards out the door. The longer this goes, the more angry messages you're going to get, and the easier it will be for those reporting you to IC3 to prove their point. I'm surprised you'd rather take the chance of felony fraud charges levied against you, than to just take out a loan to get this project completed. Well this sucks doesn't it just one more guy here: i have waited patiently for this thing, but realized yesterday one of the gifts i got for my wife (a psychiatry resident who was doing in-patient at the time--ah, the humor) for last christmas never came. didn't I put money down a year ago now? ...stinks dude; stinks. -shb @Kenn Derek is right. Kickstarter is not going to do anything as it is now written in the terms that it is on the backer to determine whether it is a project that can be fulfilled and is worth investing in. There were shenanigans in the works at BaseCamp but it seems they have dropped off to little to no new information... Kickstarter wont do anything as the funding period is over they got their cut already. This project had 810 backers. I suggest those of us who haven't complained to KS yet do so. K Royce had a point back in Sept, unfortunately, I haven't been checking back very often. Maybe if enough of those 810 make a loud enough squeak, we can get oiled ;-) Kickstarter can be cruel sometimes. I had forgotten about this pledge as it had been so long. Pity I never got anything out of it. Everyone should email that reporter who did the story on Ed Nash with our own 'impression' of his business ethics. Report's email: <email> Good news everyone! Altius Management is so successful they have opened an office in Washington, DC: <url>"The IC3 is co-sponsored by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C). Complaints filed via this website are processed and may be referred to federal, state, local or international law enforcement or regulatory agencies for possible investigation." Also recommend the Tennessee Attorney General's office: <url>#19 – 9 March 2013 “I expect to be able to begin shipping SOME of the reward elements this coming week, and I am hoping to have all of the Asylum Bicycle decks in and ready to go out by the end of this month. They have been printed - along with a couple hundred decks as overruns - and I am coordinating the full payment and shipping. Like I said, I expect to have possession of all the decks by the end of the month.” Update #20 – 4 April 2013 “Most of the materials are here - still getting together the final payment to the printers for all of the decks to be shipped here. They have been printed and are ready to ship out to us.” Update #22 – 23 April 2013 “The fact is we simply cannot complete the project at this time, or any time in the near future. Our firm has recently made some internal changes to better serve you, and we have designated this as our top priority. But, it will take some time to fix. It is not realistic to expect that this project will be completed and shipped before the end of 2013.” You asked that if anyone had anything to say that they contact you direct. I did - and you have never replied to me, not once. Sadly, I no longer believe the Updates. I intend to try and check with the printers that they did print these cards and that it's a question of them waiting for you to pay up so they can ship them to you. And there has been no news from you or anyone else on all the extras either - the poker chips, dice, artwork, etc. Putting it simply I want a full refund. I no longer have faith in you ever completing this project, and I want the money I committed returned to me, so that I can re-invest it with the artist Milan, so that he can see his project finally delivered to all those people who backed him, and who still back him. You can respond here, or message me directly, but I want a response and I want a full refund. This is quite despicable. It's folks like those that ran this Kickstarter that devalue what this site stands for and what it can do for small studios and those without the proper funding. You should be ashamed of how you've conducted yourself and I feel terrible for the artist that you claimed to be helping. Yesterday I received some cards from another KS project (Spectrum Deck - Cosmo Solano) plus a bonus deck. Project was funded 20 March 2012 Shipped 29 April 2013 received 13 August 2013 (UK) I can certainly pick my projects, although as my only other "live" project is Punk band Glue Ear 10% funded and finishes 20th Aug I dont think I will lose out on that one. Hey, Tim, that really was some interesting reading. Thanks for posting it! Of course, I'd rather read about how some awesome playing cards (and other add ons) are making their way through the stages of production and into distribution, but I guess we do what we can with what we have available. This is also good Sunday afternoon reading. I get board without an cards to play solitaire with: <url>~scheb/overview.html I'll just leave this here: <url>#Learning_about_Internet_Fraud Refund me please. REFUND ME! Howabout an update? or just dead silence on the matter... that also works... :( Can we see some pictures of the printed cards? it would be a step in the right direction for people who do not think they can trust you at this point, and would go a long way to fixing that issue. My Sultana cards shipped on time: <url>"managed" to do was take my money and piss in my Cheerios while they were at it! A VERY SPECIAL THANKS TO ED NASH FOR RIPPING US ALL OFF!!! Without your deft handling of this situation, I may have just continued to trust people at their word. when you take funds from project for another that is a crime. scam and embezzlement And, over three weeks later and still nothing heard. Very disappointing from Altius Management. And not that impressed with KickStarter Admin either to be honest. <url>"it does not take blind faith..." this is something Ed posted "Again, we know you're upset with the timetable. Like every project on Kickstarter, your investment requires a degree of blind faith. We can assure you, with the only thing we have - our word, that you are not the victim of fraud or any illegal activity." both statements are wrong, it does take blind faith to expect something that you paid for & we were victims of both fraud and Illegal activity, when an employee took the funds for the cards and spent it on something else. I think the worst thing about all this (well, from the perspective of someone who DIDN'T invest very much) is that a talented artist did the work....really beautiful work....and got completely screwed over. Milan, I hope this doesn't discourage you from doing more of these projects (with a different management firm, of course!) Sadly, still no survey, nor any replies to my PMs or any other message (like on FB) either. I have had several messages from Milan, the artist, for which I am very grateful to him for taking the time to contact me. Unfortunately, from what I have learnt I am now quite concerned. Just because the survey was sent out doesn't mean decks are forthcoming. It just means someone clicked a button. I had a project send out surveys a year before I had heard anything was forthcoming and still have not received anything from said project. I'm at the INTERNATIONAL Special! level, and have not received a survey. Each tier gets a separate survey; it's possible to send out surveys for some tiers but not others, I think. I'm at the $9 level and I got mine. Im international so maybe (thid is just speculation) the survey was sent to internationals and not domestic yet? I dont know Why have some people received surveys and not others? I added an extra deck. Total Amount Pledged - $31 • 3 Standard Decks - $25 • 4 Custom Dice - $6 • Signed Collectible Card - FREE 3 decks total for 25 No survey received yet, nor a reply to my PMs. I pledged base @ 25 plus two additional decks. I didn't get my survey yet. Glad to see the survey, hopefully it means things are becoming less crazy for you! :) I sent a message back during pledging for two pairs of dice for the extra $6, but it seems like you might have an easy list of additions here soon ^^ Thanks for the survey, I had 2x decks, 1 x dealer coin for the reward level and added funds for 2x additional decks. Thanks! I pledged for two decks and one dealer button, with extra for a set of chips and pair of dice. Good luck with manufacturing! Appreciate the survey, I had pledged for three decks. Thanks for sending out the survey. I also wished for two decks of cards :) Thanks! I also added for a second deck as well (no place to note it in the response). I also added for a second deck, yet could find no place to note it. add 1 deck for me The addresses are needed so Ed can send us flyers advertising his next Kickstarter. 1 add on deck for me. 1 deck & 2 pairs of dice for 15. Well I filled the survey but no indication for what we pledged for 2 decks and an uncut so heres hoping all is good with this deck :) It's been so long, I don't even remember what extras I pledged for lol. I think at this point there's about a 50/50 chance we get some sort of reward and a 50/50 chance our addresses are being sold. Why are we receiving surveys to confirm our address if you don't foresee this project being fulfilled within the year? So I just got the survey. All it asked was to verify my address, how do we indicate what extra's we added to our pledges? Will there be a pledge manager following? For the backers who do not normally read the comments in the updates, Please read the ones from update #23. It includes a letter from the artist who also is being hurt by the Altius. Latest "Update": Backers, Again, we know you're upset with the timetable. Like every project on Kickstarter, your investment requires a degree of blind faith. We can assure you, with the only thing we have - our word, that you are not the victim of fraud or any illegal activity. To support our earlier message, and put to rest some of your concerns, please consider the following bullet points: - There are many costs associated with this project. Some were unforeseen, and cash flow problems occurred. We apologize for this. We will not get into specifics about this so please do not continue to ask for detailed business operations information. - The artwork was ordered and the playing cards have been created. Funding for the release of these is one of the issues we are dealing with. Please do not make assumptions about how the funding of the kickstarter project and the timetable do not line up. We understand they don't. The specifics of those problems are an internal issue of our firm. - Neither the artist NOR Altius Management has profited from this projected yet, so please refrain from assuming any business arrangements such as ownership or rights of the art. - My personal information is just that. Personal. I have been doing business under the name Ed Nash for over 15 years, and that is not exclusive to this project. But it's important you remember that Altius Management is a firm, and I represent that firm. The firm does not represent me. I ask you to separate the professional and personal. – Ed Nash - We are currently in the process of working out a deal which will hopefully enable us to ship you some degree of the project. This may include a single deck of cards and/or some digital artwork. This is a gesture of good faith towards our loyal backers and because we want you to know that this project will be completed and has not been abandoned in any way. - Inquiries for specific details, copies of contracts, etc. will not be honored, as these are confidential documents crucial to our business. - Please keep things in perspective. We realize this project has been unacceptable and we expect a certain degree of dissatisfaction. But let's not blow things out of proportion. If the accusations of "scam" and "fraud" were accurate, you would not be hearing from us at all. This communication only serves one purpose to us - to inform you of our good intentions and to humbly ask your patience and forgiveness for a job poorly executed. Dear Valued Supporters, Many of you have rightfully expressed concern over not receiving your product yet. Altius Management understands your frustration, not only with regards to the unfinished project, but also with the lack of communication to you, our supporters. The project has endured countless hiccups that continue to plague our company as we try to fulfill these orders. Rest assured, Altius adamantly believes in this project and is working tirelessly to see it through to fruition. The timeline has been unacceptable to you, and to us. You put your faith in us, and we let you down. Our hope is that you can at least understand that these things happen, and it’s truly not a reflection of how we do business, or the high standard of service and ethics we subscribe to at this firm. Altius Management has successfully completed dozens of projects, and we have a roster of satisfied clients and supporters. This project is not at all typical of our firm. The fact is we simply cannot complete the project at this time, or any time in the near future. Our firm has recently made some internal changes to better serve you, and we have designated this as our top priority. But, it will take some time to fix. It is not realistic to expect that this project will be completed and shipped before the end of 2013. Because of the social aspect of Kickstarter, we understand it’s easy to feel taken advantage of and to feel left in the dark when there is little communication. We understand your frustration, but ask you to remain calm and let us do the job you have entrusted us with. Hopefully this statement will put to rest some of your concerns. In the meantime, please continue to be patient with us. If updates occur, we will broadcast them to you immediately. If there is a perceived lack of communication it is because there are no real updates, and we are concentrating our efforts on the project. We WILL see this project through to the end, and hope we can earn your trust back in the process. Please continue to support great artists and projects and know that your investment in that will have many returns. Sincerely, Ed Nash President, Altius Management I wanted to make sure the rest of the world could see the BS update since it was posted as Backers Only.... I wanted to make sure the rest of the world could see the BS update since it was posted as Backers Only.... Show us the contract with the printer. Funny that they can't get the money to finish this kickstarter but he can check into restaurants that have the cheapest plate priced at $23 Altius Management on Twitter: @AltiusMgmt Altius Management on Facebook: <url>"The Tennessee Attorney General's Office protects consumers and businesses from those who engage in unfair or deceptive business practices." <url>"lines of communication" have been closed again!!!! I guess all those apologies issued in update #19 were a bunch of B.S.!! Obviously this guy has learned nothing from his past mistakes!! Enjoy your $25K. Hopefully you can buy yourself something nice!!!!! I tweeted to @Ed_Nash and @AltiusMgmt as well since they are the ones who ran this - in the grand scheme of things I didn't tie much up in this personally but 25k is a lot of money from backers. I get from the last update there is a problem, but I would think that there being a "problem" like this - that communication to us would be even more important. This is looking bleak. An update - any update would be nice. Update PLS!!!! We said to keep checking in with us even if there is no news, and you haven't. I have been ripped off before online, and seen others get ripped off before online, and it's actually quite common for the thief to show up after a while, offer a sympathetic excuse and explanation, and then ultimately disappear. I'm not saying that's what's going on here, but you aren't giving us any reason to think that it NOT going on here. Please update ASAP and often. Any news? Just a comment to say that you are still alive? ...aaaaaand we're back to being in the dark again. Any news? No news? Even if you just leave a comment it would be nice. An update would be nice. What's the plan? ETA for shipping? etc.? yep keep us please updated It"s been 2 weeks.... time for a check in, even if you have no actual news. :) I'm itching for another update. Did you secure enough funds to pay USPCC yet? Is the shipping process prepared and ready to go? How are you feeling about this project? Please keep the information coming. That explains everything. Got a little scared there. This is my first backing after all! @Mikael It was, at least for the $40 level. If your level has the survey out, you should see a warning about it plastered at the top of every Kickstarter page (yellow, if I remember correctly). That, and your mail inbox. Has the survey been sent? Where can I find it? You are hurting your brand by not communicating more. I don't know if you understand, but people are mad that you aren't communicating with us, NOT that it's late (as least most of us, and not near as mad as about the no communication thing). I wonder if we got scam'd? I, too, would love an update. I've been looking forward to framing a deck of these cards and hanging them up in my games room. I hope all is well, but we would all very much appreciate hearing from you :) Last login Mar. 06, 2013 - don't you think we deserve an update? How are things progressing? I want my money back ... I don't want the cards no more ... Refund soonest possible please !!!! Where are my cards? can we get a refund? Surveys out.. Interesting. Apparently out of limbo. Since you're probably gonna read this: Kickstarter backers have grown to expect openness in communication. Your last communication before the surveys was a very bad example of how to do that. I hope you can learn from it and communicate the situation better. What I find really amusing -at this point- is the fact that this guy logs into Kickstarter all the time (logged in again today March 6) so he obviously has to see all our comments requesting information, yet he chooses to ignore us. At this point, just give us our money back and stop making an ass out of all of us!! At first, I felt some excitement at backing such a beautiful deck of cards, and couldn't wait to receive them. Then, I felt a bit of frustration as the projected completion date continued to be pushed back. (but understandable, as things do happen.) Now it's a feeling of ambivalence towards the situation, and also a feeling of awe at the total lack of respect shown to the backers through the form of zero, (let me rephrase) ZERO INFORMATIVE UPDATES. I suppose that I may someday receive the deck, but now have my doubts... Kinda reminds me of an old Steve Miller song... It's sort of annoying. It's not like he doesn't have internet. He's posted just about every day on either twitter or facebook. Yet, he ignores this. Hopefully the artist uses someone else if he ever kickstarts anything, otherwise it's gonna be an uphill climb against the negativity building due to this one. I always wonder - those projects who promote big and communicate with the backers - stop doing this once they have cashed in the money. Then it starts to become silent after one update....empty promises are being made,vague statements thrown in the room and we,who funded this project are kept in the dark being ignored... just sad! So it shows that you guys logged on March 3rd and haven't updated us. So apparently we are being ignored... over a month without a response or update is pretty ridiculous. My thoughts on your last update on February 5th: "We have run into unexpected and unavoidable delays in fulfilling the cards. It seems as though it has been one issue after another." - what issues have you run into? This really explains nothing. "I know this is frustrating, and in the absence of a clear delivery date, we have not given you timely updates." - Since you apparently know this is frustrating, I wonder why you now feel it is ok to not give any actual information, new updates, or comments in response to your backers for a full month now. "Please know that we are working hard to remedy the current issues, and our goal has always been, and remains, to deliver you a product of the highest quality." - What are you doing to remedy the issues? Without providing your backers any actual detail of the process or holdups, nor any details on the steps you are taking to resolve the issues, it all just seems as though you are incapable of actually completing the project. "We will do that - we ask your patience as we work through these issues, and will update on the date as soon as it becomes apparent and achievable as a delivery date." - I can only speak for myself, but I am not terribly concerned with some missed dates, it is an anticipated risk in Kickstarter projects. What concerns me is the complete lack of information and allowing the project to float out in limbo, and I am very understanding when a project is frequently updated in respect to the backers. It would be nice to hear something about the status of this project. It's been another month, can we get some details? I'm not even looking for a ship date, it would just be nice to be informed on what the issue is please. The information under kickstarters accountability page suggests we request this kind of information when backing projects. <url>#Acco You forgot the "mis" in Altius management. You really should put out more updates and let us know what's going on. You aren't doing a very good job of making people want to back you if you decide to put out another project. Very sad. Altius Management Last login Feb. 26, 2013 which means they read those comments and do not reply or post a update! whats wrong with those Playing Card Kickstarter projects lately? Does no one got the balls to say whats wrong? this pissed me off,seriously! it's been 3 weeks since your last update. Still no information on what is going on with our decks......seriously??? Don't you think all 810 of us have a right to know what is going on??!! No updates !!! No cards !!! No money ? I might end up in an asylum if I don't hear any proper news about these cards :( @Adam It will be 3 months late, for a card deck projet it start to be a long time. I've also others projects and others cards projects and they're not late like this. The are at least giving updates but these updates are empty... Hoping for good news soon ! @Juan at least they are giving updates. I agree that the updates could offer more information as we made this project viable. @Terence, it may be a bit early to demand a refund. I have a project that is nearing year 2 (omg there is an axe in my head) with no clear fulfill date at this time. This project is 2 months late, but that is a far cry of 1 year late. If it doesn't fulfill in June, then I will be right there with you in demanding money or rewards. It seems we can ask all we want for information and updates without really getting anything in return. If you boil down their last update, all that was really said was "sorry, don't have em yet". I don't believe it is too much to ask that there be actual information to keep the backers in the loop, without which there would be no production of these cards. I have backed a number of other projects, and while delays arise, they are at least understandable when actual details of the delays and solutions are provided. So... time to start asking for refunds? I feel the backers only update deserves some air time here so everyone can see; "Asylum Backers - We have run into unexpected and unavoidable delays in fulfilling the cards. It seems as though it has been one issue after another. I know this is frustrating, and in the absence of a clear delivery date, we have not given you timely updates. Please know that we are working hard to remedy the current issues, and our goal has always been, and remains, to deliver you a product of the highest quality. We will do that - we ask your patience as we work through these issues, and will update on the date as soon as it becomes apparent and achievable as a delivery date. Thank you, and thank you for trusting us and giving us your utmost understanding and amazing patience! It will be worth the wait!" Can we use an update? 2 month late... Last update 2 weeks ago... What happens ? Starting to get concerned, there was supposed to be an update by the 19th at the extreme latest. Not even so much as "unexpected delays due to such and such." Please give us an update of any sort. Thank you! hello? *knock knock* anyone there? update please?! I hate to sound like a broken record, but here it goes anyway: How is the project coming along? It's been 2 and a half weeks since the last update, and a week and a half since we were *supposed* to get another one. We know that delays happen, so, any kind of update would be great at this point in time. Thanks! Worried. 2 months out and no glimmer of hope? I too was hoping for an update regarding the status of the cards? Any sort of an update you can provide? Would like to know when to expect these. Hey hey ! Whats happens ? I'm missing my future decks !! Update please, even if it's along the lines of "we're still sorting things out but will get back to you soon". It's good to know you're still paying attention to this ;) Updates??? C'mon. We could use some updates. I don't even care if its bad news at this point. I think we would all feel better with some communication...... So would I, really. How's everything progressing? Hello! So how are things coming along? Would love to get an update. Hi, I'm not sure if you have received my emails as I have not received any replies, but I added one additional deck onto my pledge. Thanks! Alex A Month without updates !!! still no updates/surveys ? so any status updates for us? I'd also love to know if we have any chance of getting those awesome cards this year. :) Hey guys! I second Mark's questions. I'm hoping to have these before Christmas, since they are going to be a gift. Please let us know how things are coming along. I need to know whether or not to supplement these cards with a secondary gift while waiting for them to arrive... Thanks! =o) Can't wait to get these playing cards. Any estimated delivery from the USPCC folks? Still on track for December delivery? When will the surveys be sent? Just want to be sure I haven't missed anything. Well done guys :) What kind of seal is this deck going to have on it? @ Ropya, certainly an interesting idea, especially for those games that need two different full or reduced decks. Less than two days to go now, and I will be increasing the scale of my pledge, and the amount of items on the order. Very impressive. Any chance of an alt colored back? Perhaps red to go with black. Id love to be able to have a pair of decks on the table at once with no worries of mixing them up. Excellent news, and well done to the crew behind this. Would be really interested to see if there are additions to the deck, as I have plans to use these cards with a similar-themed idea for a game - a sort of RPG-Lite game where the players compete against the Asylum and the staff (and other NPC patients) all run by the GM (aka The Director). While it would be easy to use a normal standard pack of playing cards, these are perfect for the job! Just have some other questions for now - with the poker chips, one of my colleagues wanted to know whether he could buy a batch of 25? And for myself, with regards the Dice, any thoughts on doing them in batches of 10s or 20s? I may well be ordering more 'Bricks' then over the weekend :o) 666 backers! How awesome is that? :D If we add to our pledge in order to get chips/dice/whatever, will we be able to select what we would like on the survey or should we send an email directly? Thanks. Beautiful decks, and I totally look forward to mine. It's a shame there isn't a deal on shipping to Canada, though. love it xD any stretch goals in mind with free stuffs? How many decks will be printed in this run? Just curious from a collectors perspective... :) Congrats on getting the funding. These such awesome playing cards. I added the $9 for a Certificate of Insanity. That is so going on the wall in my room when I get it. Yay funded. Congrats from germany. almost there!!! Great card designs! Very dark and psychotic... I went ahead with $25 (1 deck + 2 deck), please send me 3 decks when all is said and done. :) I'm interested in a couple of tiers so would I be able to combine postage (international) to make the total a bit cheaper? Feel a little silly, but how the heck do I order additional decks for that $8 each price? Do I up my pledge or...? Help! the new back looks great. the uncut sheet is definitely getting framed in my game room. Thanks for the update. Im really hoping for a alt back. Well, since everyone else is doing it for their playing card projects, I hope that some custom dice are in the works. I would definitely get some dice if offered. Any news on a second colored back so we can have 2 active decks on the table at once?? Is it possible to get more than one button? I'd like to purchase a button for each deck if possible. Pledged enough for half a brick and a dealer button! Beautiful deck. Damn playing cards being allowed on kickstarter and taking all my money! How about Big Blind/Small Blind buttons as well for a stretch goal? Pledge for one for myself...then went back and upped the pledge to include and extra for my gore and horror movie lovin' daughter. Not a fan of the outside case but the card design is amazing. I would up my pledge for a real/nicer case easily. wow 3 horror/Cthulhu/Lovecraft decks active at once... and of course i have to have them all ... dang you ;D greetings from germany!! I pledged $25 for 3 decks. Is there anyway to get one of them signed? Question, do you need a message beforehand on extra decks added to a pledge? Or is the survey enough? Got 3 decks for $25! hey, i went for 2 decks. Yeah i had to do a little bit of math but no rocket science here ;-) So yes two decks for internationals are 9 + 5 + 8 + 3,5 = 25,5$ I would like some playing chips as a stretch, maybe a sampler (one of each colour) with an option to buy a set? Letting you know that I'm in for now, but with the very high cost for international backers it's very possible I back out. Really don't understand why extra decks are $11.50ea. with shipping. very cool artwork. but you should add an extra option for just two or three decks. because theres a lot of math for international, which could cause wrong pledges ;) so to be shure: two decks for internationals are 9 + 5 + 8 + 3,5 = 25,5$ ?