Hey there backers, for those of you who've followed us or liked us already, you might have noticed an increase in activity over the last few weeks, as well as a promise to share some new content in the not too distant future. Well, the time has come, and the whole team is excited to share what they've been working on! As you have no doubt noticed, we had gone to ground over the holiday break. But it wasn't all vacation time, we've been hard at work. With a number of artists joining our team over the past few months, we've been working tirelessly to bring the world of Aura to life, and are ramping up to share more and more in the next few months! But it's time to let the development team speak for themselves! (view full size) Mike: With the Mender we wanted to create a less traditional healing &amp; support character. In lore, the Mender is a sort of spirit healer, channeling aura to heal his allies and ease their suffering. The Mender carries a shield to protect itself and its allies in combat. I focused on crafting a visage that was welcoming, calm, and wise, with the sternness of a hardened monk. (view full size) Mike: The Enforcer is a mix of lethal force and inhibiting magical abilities. Heavily armored, the Enforcer wields a long, two-handed weapon to reach its foes from a distance, and an all seeing eye with which to judge its enemies. The Enforcer is a stoic arbiter of justice. Whose justice, is entirely up to you. <url>"Aura Tactics" written all over it. I think there are several ways to create a unique identity for game music -- I'm trying to do this with the melody, and I also hope that having some slightly different instrumentation, a few live recorded instruments, and perhaps some subtle electronic sounds/pads to create an atmospheric undertone will help add to the depth and the uniqueness of the soundtrack! Doug: Everything we've shared today is still under development, and changes may, and will occur to some of this content before it makes it into the game. The team is working very passionately on the project, we understand that you are all eagerly awaiting the game's release. However, we are dedicated to releasing the absolute best product, and that takes time and a lot of polish. We are some ways from being ready to announce an official release date, but we're working hard to get something playable in all of your hands as soon as we can. We hope to share glimpses of the new version of the game running on a number of devices in the next few updates. In the meantime, those of you starving for news, keep an eye on Twitter and Facebook , we'll be updating as regularly as we can, and then collecting all of that content in this monthly wrap up format. See you next time, backers! Our engineering team has been charging ahead as we continue to revamp the user interface to support the various platforms and input methods the game will allow (controller, touch and keyboard/mouse.) In the meantime, we've been ramping up and locking down character designs and art style bit by bit. The Mender class pictured above has come quite a way since its original concept sketches. In particular, after some debate we gave the pieces heads, giving them more verticality and elegance. We're still working on tweaks to in-game assets and developing the environments, we can't wait to show off the new style in engine! Hello backers, the leaves are changing, the temperature is dropping but development is continuing to chug along at a steady clip! As promised, this week our animator Ryan will be sharing our character rig, check it out! <url>" It's an exploratory sketch in the direction of "living" game pieces. Dignified, golem-like items which espers use in conjunction with a playing board to practice tactics and enjoy leisure time. These pieces are representations of esper roles in combat, similar to our chess pieces. " The aesthetic is still under development, but we'll be sharing a lot more in the coming weeks. Those of you interested in the development process, look forward to a video next week from Ryan, our animator, as he discusses his approach to rigging and animation. It's the second week of September, and time for a new Update! This update is mainly concerning the shirts many of you are waiting to get your hands on. Rest assured that moment will be coming very very soon. We are happy to announce that they have arrived! They are all packed up and will be shipped to you all very soon! Some of our backers receiving signed t-shirts have expressed that they'd rather receive a signed print so that they can wear their shirt without concern. An e-mail will be going out shortly to those of you in that category, and you'll be able to make a personal choice one way or the other once we give you the details. In other news we've had some exciting developments recently that have kept us busy and put a delay on our updates. Look forward to more on that this week, a new development update will be coming soon! As promised it's time for our weekly update. Apologies ahead of time for the rather impromptu format that these updates will likely be delivered in, at least until we have some time to sit down and decide upon the best format. And for those of you who find weekly updates to be far too frequent, feel free to ignore any update titled "Weekly Update"—any major project updates will be announced separately, we promise! What We've Been Up To: Weighing project management &amp; asset hosting options Since the early days of this project we've been hosting our own Unity Asset Server and Redmine (for project management) on a physical machine we own and operate. It's not a data center though, it's just an old PC that we had lying around, and as you can imagine it's not a very elegant solution. It's been on our to-do list for a long time to migrate both services to the cloud, but we've been stuck in analysis paralysis for some time. Currently we're looking at hosting both using Windows Azure, as we will be using Azure already for our multiplayer servers. Unfortunately we ran into some interesting issues recently with our project Azure account that we are attempting to rectify before we can move forward on that front. Working on finalizing style for version 1 art assets In the meantime, we have also continued to work on nailing down a finalized style for our version 1 art assets so that we can go into full production. Our 3D team has been busy with other obligations giving us a perfect opportunity to do some exploration with style. As you may have guessed, developing a solid abstract art style that feels unique, fits our vision and focuses on quick turn-around for 3D assets is no easy feat, but it's a challenge we're excited to tackle. We're hopeful that we'll have artwork to share with you all soon. Continued refactor of basic action system Meanwhile, as I mentioned last week, we are continuing a refactor of our action system with a focus on leveraging Unity's hierarchical system to save design hours down the road. As many of you expressed interest in hearing more about the technical side of development, we are looking into potentially having the programming team drop in on here and give you guys a profile of our action system once the refactor is complete. Continued development of API for handling multiplayer matches That's it for this week - now to get back to work so we can have more exciting things to talk about soon! Those of you who are awaiting your t-shirts will be happy to know that you are one step away from receiving them. The t-shirts are on the presses and will be sent your way as soon as they get here. In the meantime, here's a peek at the actual product: The other rewards are in the making as well, they've been delayed as we finalize bringing concept artists on board for development. That said we should have some exciting concept art to reveal in the not too distant future. Technical Update Speaking of distant future - distant past. It seems like it's been eons between updates given how regular they were early on, and I want to assure all of you that this is in no way an indication of how much work is being put into the project. Quite the opposite, the dev team has been hard at work, unfortunately with boring technical stuff! That said, some of you (I won't name names) enjoy boring technical stuff so here's a breakdown of our last month: Finished setting up our DEV databases Created unit tests for our DBs Finalized our event-based trigger system Implemented a counter-action system Began development on asset serialization Began developing our client-server API Finished a re-factor of all core gameplay systems I won't bore everyone with all of the details, but it's been a programming heavy time for us recently, as we move to implement our online content, we've taken this as an opportunity to do a huge re-factor. Almost every piece of code in the game has changed dramatically over the last few months as we've moved to make our tools easier to work with, so that we can produce content faster, and easier to abstract, so that we can get you all a multiplayer demo sooner rather than later! If anyone is actually interested in hearing more about the technical side of our development process, let us know in the comments, and I'll see if I can get our programmer to jump on here and make an update from time to time! Weekly Updates Incoming Starting this coming weekend, we're planning to make it a development team ritual to bring you all weekly updates, with at the very least a cursory glance at what the development team has been up to that week. We'll keep our nose to the grindstone, but we'll keep you up to date so you know we haven't gone vaporware on you! Many of you who are in the reward tier to receive a t-shirt may have noticed you just received a survey requesting shipping and sizing information. If you haven't yet received a survey (those below and far above this tier) don't worry your surveys will be coming soon if relevant. Finding Your Size I just wanted to quickly go over the sizing information so that we can make sure you all receive a size that fits nicely. Unfortunately there was no good way to include this information or pertinent links in the surveys, so I apologize to those not receiving t-shirts for this unnecessary update. The shirts we will be printing on are American Apparel's "Fine Jersey Short Sleeve T-Shirt." We urge you to check out the men's and women's page and use American Apparel's sizing chart to find your perfect fit. For most of you, the size you normally buy your t-shirts in will probably be fine, but if you're someone who always finds you're on the line between sizes depending on the brand, take a look at the above info. Thanks again for your support backers! As soon as everyone's sizing information is collected, we'll get printing underway and have the shirts in the mail within a few weeks! The Shirt Design After a bit of a delay we're finally moving forward with a final design, and we're psyched to show it off to all of you! A big thanks to Craig for his time, we couldn't have made something people would actually want to wear without you. You can also catch a glimpse of a few revamped elemental symbols in the design, in particular we're not sad to see the old fire sign go. Let us know what you think of the new icons and the shirt design itself in the comments! Sizing and shipping information will be collected via a Kickstarter survey sent to all of our 25$ and up backers as soon as all of our printing details are hammered out. Return to Regular Updates First of all I'd like to apologize for the recent lull in updates, we're aiming to return to regular updates at least once a week starting with this post. Our lead programmer moved across the country this month, and our lead designer was finishing up a degree. Meanwhile we've still been hard at work on the project, so with all of that, communication fell through the cracks but we're now back in the saddle. For those of you curious what we've been up to on the game, it's been a month of technical accomplishments. We've finally settled on an environment for our servers and web deployments and we've begun hammering out the infrastructure. In the meantime we've also been toiling away at a trigger system which will account for all non-core mechanic gameplay elements. The system will be how we handle tutorials, dialog, boss encounters, and any special cases such as unique stage objectives, etc. As we work hard to reach our next milestone, we'll be bringing you all continued updates, so keep checking back, and be on the lookout for a Kickstarter message requesting your information if you're a 25$ or up donor! As promised, after many a delay, we're finally sharing our extended survey results! Things have been very busy for the development team recently, with our programmer moving across the country, among other eventful happenings. However we're still hard at work and will be sharing more development details in the not too distant future! The Results First up, we asked all of you what you felt were the most important elements of a TRPG. Almost tied for first place was an engaging single player narrative, and a wide variety of job classes to play with. The bit about job classes was no surprise, as they are the bread and butter content of the genre. On the other hand, the amount of you that responded that an engaging single player narrative was most important reaffirmed that a large number of you are in fact looking forward to a more narrative driven experience. In third place, many responded that the number of options for multi-classing was most important, while a number also responded the overall setting was important, for fourth place. We gained a general sense from these results that there's an even split between a desire for a mechanically interesting and a narratively compelling game, which we were happy to see! Speaking of genre, over 90% of you were already fans of TRPGs. Considering the insular and niche nature of the genre, this is hardly surprising! We are working hard to deliver an experience you will all enjoy, and hopefully those of you who aren't familiar with the genre will as well. A big thanks to those who are testing the waters of the genre with us! We'd be remiss not to discuss the details of devices, one of the most useful data points for us! By in large the majority of you are interested in playing on the PC, with an even split between iOS and Android devices after that, and Mac and Linux bringing up the rear. While a majority of you are interested in playing on the PC, most of you that were interested in playing on PC are interested in playing multiple platforms. It seems as if the vast majority of you are interested in playing on an even split between a desktop/laptop of some kind and one or two mobile devices. Which is perfect, and exactly the kind of experience we hope to provide. A mobile game with a seamless transition to a desktop version for when you're already sitting down at home. Our last data point was the distribution of you all over the social networks we use to provide information and updates about the game. Tied almost exactly with roughly 30% were Facebook users and those of you who use both Facebook and Twitter. About half as many of you used neither service, and less used only Twitter. The results weren't too surprising, but it makes it clear that we need to have a number of options available. Takeaways Overall the survey was a success, with a majority of our respondents choosing to answer all of our questions, and many of you even sending us a number of messages and comments! A number of you were actually concerned after this survey that we'd be designing by committee, and be taking the opinions of our backers too strongly to heart. While we will be taking all of your feedback, and helping it to steer our general course, the overall design is still very much our baby, and we'll be making many of our creative decisions with that mindset. So don't worry, we won't be sacrificing our vision, we just like to have a general sense of what our fans want to play. Congratulations to all those who voted for Option C - All of the Above! It was a close race but option C pulled ahead and won over option B by a narrow margin. Those of you who voted for options A and B, do not despair, option C includes both A and B. What this Means for the Game This means that we will be working to bring you first an installment of Aura Tactics featuring chess piece-like characters battling it out over unique environments. This first installment will feature a challenge based single player and a full multiplayer mode, allowing you to challenge your friends via our push-based system. With your feedback in mind from the first installment, we'll bring you the second installment of Aura Tactics, featuring a fully fleshed out single player narrative alongside an even more robust multiplayer mode. The second installment will feature a more traditional TRPG visual style , featuring fully developed characters set in the world described in an earlier update. Nothing Like the Proof of Concept Many of you expressed concerns that should option A or C be chosen that the abstract style shown in the proof of concept was too simplistic and unpolished. We agree! Our proof of concept was just that, and never intended to be wholly representative of our intended style. Instead, it's simply proof that the game works mechanically. The entire idea of an abstract visual style as a shipped game came after the fact, when many who saw the style in our proof of concept fell in love with it. However, it's going to undergo a huge overhaul and a ton of polish before we're ready to launch. We can't show anything yet, as the development team only finalized the survey results yesterday! But we promise that the next time we show you the game you're going to love the direction we're taking for the first installment's abstract style! The Rest of the Results &amp; Questions As many of you may recall we asked quite a few questions in our survey. While we could discuss those results now, I'm betting many of you have comments and questions after our big announcement! As such we'll be posting the rest of the results and our analysis later this week. In the meantime, leave your questions and comments and we'll be sure to keep you all informed as development continues! To all of our backers who have already cast their vote in our poll, thank you so much for your feedback! It's appreciated, and it will impact our decisions as we move forward. The Deadline For those who have yet to respond, please check out Update 16 (backer only) for more information. We'll be announcing the results early next week, as such the deadline for casting your vote will be this coming Sunday . Special Thanks &amp; Future Communication I also want to give a special thank you to those of you who responded on the topic of communication. This last week has been slow in that regard as we sort through results and spin up development again, but you should be hearing a lot more from us once we can officially announce the results! A majority of respondents seemed satisfied with the current level of communication, but some of you wanted more, and a small number of you wanted less! I'll be announcing more details and specifics next week, but we'll be working to make sure all of you get exactly the level of communication you wish! There will be a method of communication geared for everyone from those of you who just want to know when it's out, to those that want to come along for every minor step of the development process. Current Communication &amp; Results For those who aren't already aware, we do have a Facebook and Twitter , and while we will be expanding our communication avenues in the near future, these will remain a part of that plan. Twitter will most definitely be our most granular form of communication. It's also a very quick way to have a general question about the game answered. We've also posted some preview information regarding the results of our survey on Twitter, and will be continuing to do so up until next week's announcement. This Week in Development Last week was a bit slow as some of us were out of town, and I was making up for a lot of lost sleep! This week it's back to business though, and we're hard at work in a few different areas. As we recently upgraded to Unity 3.5, we've begun moving our particle effects over to the new shuriken particle effect system. We've also begun developing new, more polished effects while experimenting with the potential of the new system. I'm also hard at work making some adjustments to our statistics system. With elemental signs, job classes and equipment all impacting the character's stats, we're making a few tweaks to make sure each character is as unique as possible, while still allowing for plenty of room for you to develop each character the way you want! We're also prototyping our database back end for multiplayer, and re-factoring our status effect system, to increase stability and increase flexibility. In other words, we're hard at work! Stay tuned, and look for poll results next week! As promised in update 11 , we are at long last revealing the setting and premise for the world of Aura . Please note that this is the setting and premise for the world of Aura as it would appear in choice B or the latter part of choice C as referenced in the aforementioned update. For those who have not already heard, we are in the process of finalizing the surveys that will allow you to vote on our direction, they'll be arriving in your inbox by the end of this week! (If you are viewing this update via email, please enable images.) Hey guys and gals! This is going to be a long post... sorry! We did it!! Our campaign has come and gone in what seemed (to me) like an absolute whirlwind ! The holiday weekend has given me a chance to stop spinning and this week I'll be focusing on moving forward with Aura . Apologies if you're all getting tired of hearing it but thank you all for your fantastic support this last month. You have all helped vindicate our efforts, and the campaign was far more successful than we had originally expected. But with the campaign winding down, things are in fact just beginning to spin up! Aura is still far from complete, and we intend to bring you all along for the journey! Some of you have in particular, been very eager to come along, so much so that I've gotten quite a few messages asking how you'll all be able to vote on our art direction! So How do I Vote? As I mentioned previously (though admittedly briefly in a rather large wall of text) we will be contacting you all via email and Kickstarter messages with the relevant information on how to cast your vote. We're currently ironing out the details, and that information should be coming in the next few days. We still want to make a few more posts to make sure you all have all the information you need to make the decision that interests you most! I really want to stress one thing: we want your input! We're not going to sneakily send out a tweet at 2 A.M. on a Tuesday with a link to a survey with a 15 minute window. When we do send out the survey the window to reply will be large enough for all of you to respond, and we'll be contacting you via every method possible to make sure you know we want to hear your voice! So How can I follow Aura's Development? As I've mentioned probably ad nauseam at this point, you can follow us on Twitter @AuraTactics or like us on Facebook, facebook.com/AuraTactics . However, many of you have mentioned to me that you do not use either service, or would simply rather receive a news letter. I have heard your cries! We will be establishing an official news letter at some point in the future. Until then, we will continue to post large updates here on Kickstarter, which should be forwarded to your email similarly to a news letter. (If they're not, you may have disabled them.) As none of us are actually "PR" people, we tend to prefer Twitter and Facebook, because it allows us to post updates about the game on websites we already visit as part of our daily routines. The added benefit of these sites being part of many of our fans daily routines as well is also helpful! The information we post on Facebook and Twitter will in fact be significantly more granular than what we send out in a news letter. Once we move off of Kickstarter, news letters will probably be sent out 1-3 times a month. Keep in mind, if you want to view either our Facebook or Twitter, you do not need to have an account for either. Twitter and Facebook will also be our preferred method of communicating and facilitating discussions with you all in the future. Surveys and the like where we are actively attempting to collect input from you all will still be send out via email though. On the Immediate Horizon Aside from the survey that should be coming soon, we'll be posting more information on your choices and the previously promised narrative/world teaser information. There's also a new interview with Doug that should be popping up in the next week or so. Look forward to it! Thank You Backers! Our campaign is over with an amazing 231% of our goal! Thank you to each and every one of our amazing backers, thank you for your donations as well as your time championing our game! We couldn't have done this without you, and the extra money will help us bring you a more polished TRPG experience! Again, thank you for the fantastic support! New Trailer for PAX East We're debuting a brand new trailer this weekend at PAX East! The music featured in the trailer is the first contribution of our new sound team to the project! Here it is for all of you to check out early! <url>#6: Half Way Point Celebration . Characters conform to a traditional fantasy TRPG style, roughly three heads tall, the art style is heavily inspired by the work of the brilliant Akihiko Yoshida of Final Fantasy Tactics fame. This is significantly more costly as far as time and resources, and it will take much longer to create content. In regards to gameplay, choice B will feature a narrative-driven single player mode that focuses on the world of Aura . (More information on this before the gates shut!) Multiplayer will of course still be a major focus for us, but this version will have significantly more options, and thus a longer development cycle. C: I'll Have my Cake and Eat it too! Choice C represents either ambivalence, or the desire for "all of the above." This would mean that we would deliver both A &amp; B, releasing two separate games. The rewards would apply to game A, and game A would feature an abstract art style, with VR mission like challenges that hint at and reference game B. Game B would be our chance to use tools that had been polished during the development of Game A to focus entirely on content creation, and bring you a fully featured, narrative driven single player experience, and more fleshed out multiplayer experience. Relative to choice A, we would opt to focus slightly less on expansive single player content for game A, and slightly less variation and polish than if we exclusively set our focus on game A, however, the product would be by in large similar. Relative to choice B, this means that the more expansive, narrative focused game would be pushed back further, but that it would most definitely benefit from polished tools and feedback from your experiences with game A. You would also have something in your hands earlier with game A, even if it's not a narrative driven experience. We're excited to let you all know that we're collaborating with Burlington local, and all-around awesome designer @CraigWinslow to bring you a fantastic shirt that's more than worth the 25$ donation all by itself! The shirt will be a limited run, only for backers, and you only have 3 days left to nab one! If you've already donated, don't worry! You can bump up to the 25$ reward tier with no hassle . We'll be posting the design here and on our Facebook and Twitter once it's finalized, in the mean time check out some of Craig's shirt designs and other work . Many of you have been asking for details regarding the class swapping system, as well as how that will impact character progression and character identity. The following is an in-depth explanation of the system for hardcore TRPG players who are interested in the fine details. Auracite &amp; Classes Classes are represented by items called Auracite , which generate their own experience (SP) as they're used in battle. SP unlocks additional abilities and passive traits as it's generated. Characters gain experience as well (XP) in the traditional sense that you'd imagine they gain experience points in. As they gain XP they level up, and become stronger. Stat growth is determined by their elemental alignment, as well as the auracite they have equipped at the time they level up. This requires hardcore players attempting to max out specific stats to be cognizant of who has what class at what time. (Which is already the case in most TRPGs, they simply have to commit to an entire battle with that character as a specific class.) Elemental Alignment To touch briefly on elemental alignment, it's important to make a distinction between the current version of the game, which is a simplified version, featuring a single elemental alignment, and a single class per character, and the full game, which features up to 3 elemental alignments and 3 auracite slots, for multi-classing. (This functionality exists, but is currently disabled.) Elemental alignments (elemental signs) are permanently assigned to characters at their creation, and determine what abilities the character has access to, as well as how potent they are. Elemental alignment is essentially a normalized value, a character with 3 fire signs has a fire alignment of 100%, a character with 2 fire signs and 1 metal sign has a fire alignment of 66% and a metal alignment of 33%, etc. The first character can only access fire abilities, but sees a boost in their potency, and is able to absorb fire damage. The second character can access fire and metal abilities, though their fire abilities are above average, and they have above average fire resistance. Character Identity So while the character's current auracite (class) will impact the character's stats via multipliers and offsets, and change what abilities they have access to, a character retains their level, base statistics and elemental alignment. If you've trained a character to be a very strong melee character, and another to be a very strong caster for instance, swapping their classes might be useful in certain situations, but their potency as those classes would be severely reduced, as you've chosen to focus them on melee/magic stats respectively. Many of you may have noticed that Aura Tactics is without sound, but this is all about to change, as two sound savants have recently signed on to the team. Akash Thakkar and Jacob Pernell will be setting the aural atmosphere for Aura. We will be posting teaser samples in the future on Facebook and Twitter , so make sure to follow us! Check out their work on SoundCloud : Akash Thakkar // Line of Fire Theme Jacob Pernell // FIREWALL - Preparing for the Front Lines (demo) And in case we weren't clear enough, THANK YOU, all of you wonderful people that backed the project and showed interest! You've all made our lives a lot easier, and it's been a lot of fun, but it's far from over! We will continue to post updates here and on Facebook , we have two updates planned to celebrate reaching our goal, and to answer some of the questions many of you have been asking. So look forward to seeing an in-depth look at class swapping and character progression, as well as an in-depth talk about our art direction in the near future! We're half way to the end of our Kickstarter, and we wanted to thank all of our backers for their support by showing off some of our previously promised concept art! This is just a glimpse of the style we'd be going for if you, the backers chose a more traditional TRPG art style. Disclaimer: This is all designer concept art, we won't actually put anything this horrific looking into the game, but - well... use your imagination! (Haha) For those who were experiencing crashes with the web build, a new version is up that should fix those problems, as well as some issues where elemental affinity was not working as intended. Thanks to all of our awesome supporters for helping us get to the 50% mark early! For those of you who are interested in following the project more closely, or want to keep up with the project after the Kickstarter is over, you can now: - Like us on Facebook Page - Follow us on Twitter Account A sneak peak at the alternative art style Enforcer concept! As we mentioned in our last update, we will be sharing some early concept art and in game models that demonstrate our alternative art style to help you make a more informed decision when the time comes! Expect a full update with more detail later this week! After a very busy week and a day or two of squashing some nasty bugs, we finally have a web build to show you all! So if you're interested, go check it out! It's definitely a developer build, so we apologize for the rough edges in advance. But we wanted all of you to be able to feel, not just see where we are! Keyboard Controls: - Arrow Keys // Cursor - Enter // Confirm - Spacebar // Back - Q &amp; W // Rotate Camera We also wanted to once again send out a big THANK YOU to all of our backers, we're at the 45% mark, almost half way there! If you haven't already, share us with your friends on Facebook or on twitter with the #auratactics hashtag! Hey guys and gals, I just wanted to remind you all that in addition to posting comments here on Kickstarter, if you want to discuss our game or reach the development team for questions, please include the #auratactics hashtag and tweet us! I also wanted to briefly update those of you who might be waiting to get your hands on a build, we had our first post GDC meeting last night, and we're on track to get a solid web build up for you all to try out by the end of this week , so look forward to it! We launched our Kickstarter from the Game Developer's Conference in San Francisco last week. It was a fantastic, hectic week but now we're finally back and ready to return to work on Aura. Thanks Backers! If you haven't already spread the word: Tweet us with the #AuraTactics hashtag Like us on Facebook Tell your friends about us Now that we're back: We'll be updating here more often We'll be bringing you a playable web build ASAP!