Nice to see the game coming to Switch! @KING Art Games: will you make a news about the Switch version? (content, controls…) <url>ückwunsch! I was checking my backed projects, and somehow I completely missed getting notified of this one. I found the email letting me know to claim my game, but it's not working? How do I move forward on this one? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hey Kingart, were you ever going to send out the physical version of the game? small detail I know but I don't like that the icon for the game shows as 'lite' after 'unlocking' it. OK everyone the IOS lite version is now in the app store as of 4:00am est...You may not see it if you do a general search for it. Go to the paid version of the game and under the RELATED tab, you will find it there...so everyone cheer up.... Ok..I do not believe that the "lite" version is at all "fictional" as the Android version has been available from the start. I would not be surprised if Apple is hanging up the release as they can be a royal pain when it cocerns meeting certain criteria. They may not be happy that they are not getting their cut in our KS pledges... I'm always waiting for this "Lite" version to pop up on the Apple iTunes store. This alleged "lite" version appears to be completely fictional. Also, KingArt, thanks so much for replying to NONE of my customer-service messages. Really disappointed in this whole experience so far. I still cannot find the lite version in the app store... Mobile version is awesome. The UI needs to be scaled in the future for mobile phones..but its workable now..the smoothness I'd say 8/10 . some minor kinks that don't occur so often. Only other thing is its a big time battery hog but that's to be expected. Overall I say 9/10 amazing and for free! Can I unlock this on my iPad and Nexus 10? Will my saves be syncable across both? I was finally contacted by technical support and given a steam code for the game. Thank you. Two weeks have passed and no answer yet, neither from support@battle-worlds.com nor here. I would like to have a position about this issue. Thank you. I've tried to contact support@battle-worlds.com again 5 days ago and I haven't got an answer yet. I've checked my spam mail folder and there is nothing there either. I am feeling ignored. Hello again. I didn't receive any key by email, although I did receive a lot of emails from you guys. The only email I received about the Raven was this one (on July 26, 2013): "Hello Frederico Prado! We are glad to inform you that your personal Steam key for the new KING Art Adventure "The Raven" is now accessible at <url>"Your Games: The Raven (digital copy)". Enjoy the game! Your KING Art Team" The option to claim the game on steam was available them in the link above but it is not anymore. No answer was given to me when I asked if there would be an option to claim it on GOG instead. I tried to contact you guys 7 days ago at support@battle-worlds.com but I haven't got an answer yet. I neglected to claim my Raven Steam Key and the option to claim and the game reward is gone from the site. Considering I can't even find a support link to talk to King Arts about this I am trying my luck here... hi, any news about date for Android release? You can get it from <url>#33: <url>"one more turn", and looking forward to play a hotseat-game with the guy that introduced me to the first BI. Been busy but again a belated reaction to below quote; - "@TheChosenOne: It IS the only option because we don't have time to implement 1000 other option because ONE person has a problem to enter his e-mail adress (we already know from Kickstarter) to identify himself. The system needs to know who you are. For that we need to know your e-mail. If you don't want to do that let me know, we'll give you your money back." - As I said before. It is NOT the ONLY option, you just refuse to offer that option. That is the thing you just don't get or want to admit. I'm not afraid of giving my e-mail adress at all. I hate being forced to create another account without it being needed. I already said that, read more carefully. There is no need to provide 1000 other options. I already gave examples for that and many other Kickstarters have shown it is possible. I have received my keys via e-mail/humble bumble and PM. All options which are quick and easy. I don't get why you feel the need to insist it is the only way when it is already proven what I say is true and what you say is false. And yes I like being right and rubbing it in. :) HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEAR WHERE EVER YOU ARE Looking at GOG.com right now and BW:K is on sale at $19.99 with manual and soundtrack. Anyone who didn't pledge and actually still follows these comments should grab it. If you like adventure games or SciFi backgrounds, please consider helping Stasis to get its final stretch goal : <url>"Battle Worlds: Kronos", I've discoverd an new Kickstarter-Campaign from Guido Henklel. He was the producer of "Planescape: Torment" and designed the "Realms of Arkanie"-Series (Das Schwarze Auge), "Deathfire: Ruins of Nethermore" will be a single-player party-based fantasy role-playing game that will combine deep characters and solid storytelling with turn-based combat. It would be nice if many could support the game on Kickstarter: <url>"Wizardry", "Realms of Arcadia", "Might & Magic" or "Dungeon Master". Please look and support if you are interessted. Lighty I'd say try to e-mail support if you don't get a response on their forums. Good luck. support@battle-worlds.com KAG. Also posted in forums, no responses yet. I should add that I am downloading through the launcher Which download option? Steam, GoG or KAG? Mac here, and I can't download the game: it'll progress some percentage, but then just stop. Also had this problem with the beta Thank you ! find it. :-) a ok jetzt seh ichs, danke für die Info. @Klaus: Der Launcher zieht das Update. Fein und WO kann man nun den neuen Patch finden? Link anywhere? Macintosh user here - I have deleted all instances of any files associated with BWK that I can find and I am unable to launch v1.0.0.4. Have any Macintosh users had a problem? (The beta version ran okay.) Hello, can be a stupit question..: "GENERAL EDITION, plus special thanks in the General's section of the credits" "General's section of the credits" - sorry can't find it.. - where or how can I see / find this section ? - is there a button or hidden command to play/show only the credit section. - Is it in the game and the end / on steam / or on your site.. - must I play the full singleplayer part to see the credits.. - or is there a video "cut" with the credits section. thank you. Old school RPG fans check out InSomnia it looks amazing. I received an email 3 days ago containing a link to a secure kingart-games website, where I should be able to choose between GoG, Steam or download. Just that I'm not. There is simply no option! No voucher, no choice, just an old link to the BETA version. Kingart forum shows, I'm not the only one with this problem. Some accounts don't seem to work properly! It would be VERY nice to play your game. Please provide a solution for this problem, here or in your forum, which is unanswered for 3 days now. I played some of the beta, but now that it's released, I have to say "very good job, KAG". Enjoyed 'The Book of Unwritten Tales', and am enjoying BWK, too. You're quickly becoming a favorite developer for me. I'm not seeing the extra content for the King Art edition. Any suggestions? It isn't a separate link or in the download folder that I can see. Just received my packaged game, stuff looks great. ^_^ The extended manuals are neat, and the cards in the cardgame are too. :) Haven't listened to the OST yet, but that'll come tomorrow. @KAG I have a couple of questions: 1) Based on the comment of gandalf.nho, is it true that the extra content is not available in GOG? I am planning to get the game there. I pledged at $25. 2) What is the difference if I get the game on GOG vs King Art? Thanks! @KAG found a small bug playing the end part of mission one...saving the troops from the crashed ship....the mouse pointer got stuck and would only move the screen back and forth...could not move it from where it was....had to scroll out and in then it finally released and I was able to click on the battle map again and complete mission....not a big deal but there you have it...lol GOG doesn't have a Digital Deluxe Edition option like Steam, how the backers who choose GOG will receive the extra content (extende manual and weapons manual)? I hope the game is selling well on steam. It would be well deserved. I have supported over 20 games here on Kickstarter, and this has been the best project yet. High quality, on time, reimagining a super game from my youth. What more could I as for. Another project that I like but it seems to have low visibility is Lords of Discord. Please take a look guys. whow, massive props on finishing a Kickstarter campaign on time. LOVE the game! nm i worked it out, just had to register with the same email on their website :) downloading now :) how do i claim my key for steam, ive tried finding it on kickstarter, and they're website but kingarts website doesnt have my email* that they email me with lol.. @KING @Sven I believe it sticks after you perform a unit upgrade while a unit is selected. Hello. Is there an option to choose a non DRM version of the Raven? I don't want the Steam version and it is currently the only available version even though GOG has it available to sell.. Let's spread the gospel folks. Even just one thread created or bumped each, less than a minute of work, can make a huge difference in word of mouth and end sales. Alright, King Art deserves major kudos here for a fantastic game and the slickest videogame KS run ever conducted. They have been consummate professionals. We owe it to them to go forth and proselytize this game on other forums, especially places where a polished TBS game would be especially welcome. I'm blown away by how well they did this, both in planning and feature management into distribution and even scheduling. Not a hitch in the whole ride. Fantastic. great game KAG....played for an hour not one bug...great job...having a blast with it...thx The game is in the top 10 sales on steam , wow. :) It's fun! Great! I download it from Steam atm.... :) platz 1 bei den strategiespielen bei amazon - glückwunsch ;) <url>€ (-20%, normal price os 29.99€) or 27.99€ for the Digital Deluxe Edition. <url>ösecke If you right click once, wait a second and right click again the cursor is unstuck (most of the time) I found. My boxed version is not here , and i am living next to the german border. :( I've got my game yesterday but it is almost unplayable (even after patch download) because sometimes the cursor sticks to the last selected cell and moves the whole screen without a possibility to select another cell. :-( Yeah, my Boxed Version arrived today. @Jonathan even 1 mount before, that should be worth a feature article on kickstarter how to plan and make it before time. ;) 4th Nov is certainly not very far away at all. :D @Jonathan ;-) @S.D. I know right. @Blood yeah thanks. I've a bunch of keys there too. But I'm gonna be lazy and wait for my steam key. What the hell? A games KS that finished on schedule and feature complete? You guys are incredible! go here and register <url>"last week" and I still have not been contacted by support. I now missed the alpha entirely, but whatever. I would just like access to the game and, y'know, possibly the rewards I signed up for ;) @S.D. Maybe they think like Scotty from Star Trek. Always over-estimate your time frame. ;) I log into the site, but I have no download of the beta. Never got my beta key, really annoyed about this. What the hell? Release in November?! What backwards world are we in where a Kickstarter campaign creator builds a game that most of the backers are pretty happy with AND release a month early?!? This breach of the laws of physics, time and space, threatens to swallow the universe whole, I do believe... ;-) Street date in Germany: 4th of November :-) <url>"Contact Me" link to the right? Have you tried signing up on their forums, and posting there? Just some suggestions. Good luck. This is my fourth time trying to communicate with king arts and nothing has happen. I have miss out on all the beta action because i have no key. I am disappointed i was hoping to enjoy my beta like everybody else. Bakers put their faith in this and they expect some results from it. I have sent several emails, I have posted here in these comments a little while ago and I still haven't received any response from them. It's a real disappointment I have had mine for a while now...you should have gotten a survey in your email to fill out and send back...my key came automatically in another email....go to the right....in blue under the avatar KING ART GAMES...CLICK ON CONTACT ME...tell them whats up...im sure they will be glad to help you out. All but 29 people should have a beta key. That's 7535 people. How many keys have you given out? I still don't have one, and it seems like there are many others who also don't have theirs either!! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I have tried the campaign level where you are escorting transport trucks to the north. WOW; its tough and very good. I got the old Battle Isle feel there. Great game in the making this!!!! This is a fun game but I could really use that advanced tactics manual haha. I don't have my key for my beta access. I don't want sound like i am complaining I just want enjoy the early testing like everybody else. thank you very much I am trying to get my beta access but i can find it. i pledged 25 and i am trying to get my rewards. thank you So I have tried three times now to reply to your support email in order to get access to my supposedly currently available rewards (tier is MISSION COMMAND EDITION), but I get the distinct feeling that no-one is home. It would appear that I have no alternative other than a public "OHAI, where's my stuff?" I have not received any email outside of update emails from kickstarter for this project. I am a backer and would like to beta the game. Thanks Well that was fast.. got the key. Hello, Still no key. Would like to play beta. Please help. @King Art Games: Ok I was confused. Amazon.de added the Special Edition today, but 1 day ago they only showed the normal Edition with following text: "Special Edition Für den deutschsprachigen Einzelhandel wird eine Special Edition erhältlich sein, die den Goodie-gefüllten Kickstarter-Varianten in nichts nachsteht: Die voluminöse, exklusiv gestaltete Steel Box enthält ein erweitertes Handbuch, ein zusätzliches Weapons Manual, einen BW:K Hexagon Schlüsselanhänger aus Metall, den Soundtrack vom vielfach prämiertem Komponisten Benny Oschmann sowie ein exklusives Kartenspiel. Das Kostenlose Add-On „Trains“ ist in beiden Versionen bereits enthalten!". Sorry guys! @Christian Keep in mind, you did not pre-order the game on KS. You supported the development of the game, and in return they're giving you a copy as a reward. Some people still don't understand what Kickstarter is about. Na toll! Hab für die MAJOR EARLY BIRD: Get the BATTLEKIT - MAJOR EDITION gebacked und jetzt gibts die selbe Edition bei Amazon für einen günstigeren Preis. Daumen hoch! Great! I backed for the MAJOR EARLY BIRD: Get the BATTLEKIT - MAJOR EDITION and now you get the same edition for less on Amazon.de. Thumbs up! i backed it now, that game needs to be made!! guys what do you think of the ground pounders KS, has anyone of you backed it? i am contemplating backing it but i don't understand why it has so few backers... Hello, Its is Monday 8pm your time 11am mine, and I have not received a key or a link. Hello Similar to Mario Malnar I did not receive a key. I registered on the forum, and have not had a response. Apologies if this has been asked: While I DID get my Beta Keys, I have both a "Gaming PC", and a Mac. The King-art page gives both options - may I download and install to BOTH, or just the first one I choose? I'm a $30 Backer, if that helps. thank you, I was asked to rtegister securely on the site, which I did. and mailed again. my account is named Athelas. Can you help now? Hi Guys, I never received by Beta key, yet I'm a backer. What do I do? If you like turn-by-turn strategy, or tactical miniatures combat, have a look to this KS campaign : <url>"de-facto standard OS" we already have Windows. I think that should be enough for everyone. Please, do not force another Windows-wannabe on everyone. And no, standard in Linux programming is Linux Standard Base, an ISO/IEC standard <url>"technologies" developed in Microsoft, Corp. NiH syndrome and nothing else. End of story. @Valery Ubuntu has become the standard for Linux development if you are programming for a broad userbase because it would not be feasible to develop and QA for the hundreds for distributions out there. They do have a thread on their forum regarding the linux version and there are people who may help getting it running on other distributions. @Mathew Collinson Pretty sure all the keys have been sent. Are you using the same email address that you signed up with? If so, check you spam folder. If it's still not there, then I would probably go ahead and contact them. They have a form on their website: <url>"Ubuntu". looking forward to this, hoope iits soon, Thx for your time, i was thinking about the closed beta for backers, but write open ... I'll have a good week-end so ;) Any news for the open beta ? Beta ! Beta ! Yeeee aaaaah ! sweet...cant wait to check this game out Eagerly waiting for Beta too :) Beta still slated for August release? last week of this action adventure game...please help it get funded <url>◾The work on the game is progressing nicely – and no, we don’t need more money or more time. ;-) hahaha...nice....im getting excited cant wait to play this the only thing I like about steam games is that's its so easy to find peeps to play against...for me steam works for that reason @KING ART GAMES really enjoying your gem of a game critter chronicles...its a blast to play and has a lot of funny dialog...its great...thx @Jito463 My problem has been solved, thanks to the link you have provided. @Jason They have sent an e-mail about a month ago, requiring us to pick the rewards for delivery. @kermix I'm a little confused by your comment. At this point theirs nothing to deliver so what terms are you talking about? I just did. I will follow up here to let people know about their response. Have you tried the contact form on their website? <url>"pledge" for the game in post campaign with a playable alpha is out is a good idea. I think even King Art should do something like considering they got green light on Steam now. @Cheesenium No offense, but it seems you (as with many others) misunderstand the spirit of KS. This is not a pre-purchase platform. We do not "buy" anything here. We *support* developers by pledging to give them a certain amount of money (at our discretion). In exchange, they agree to give us rewards as an incentive to pledge. Those people who got the alpha access did not purchase said access for $90+, rather they gave the company that much in support of the game, and got early access as a reward. As such, there is no reason to charge what they're asking on Steam, which *IS* a pre-purchase platform. @Jito, The difference with PA is, PA's Alpha tier from Kickstarter is also $90 for access to Alpha where it is essential for the alpha's price to be consistent with the pledge levels in kickstarter and I do not think it is a good idea to anger your enthusiastic backer community which is responsible to fund your game. Also, it is also a great discouragement for people who arent very interested or serious in beta testing the game. PA Alpha is incomplete at the moment and casual alpha testers might be put off by the current state of the game, considering it is a proper alpha, not a commercial demo with an alpha tag. Most importantly, the prices will go down as the game progresses where the Beta will be $50, and then, the final release will be $40. I pledged for another Kickstarter where the actual pre-order price is actually 25% lower than what I had to pay in the Kickstarter which made me felt that I was betrayed by the developer. Many people who backed the same Kickstarter felt the same too. At the end, I refuse to buy anymore content from that developer as it just feel like they arent very keen to keep the backers happy. The Steam Book of Unwritten Tales keys are out? Hmm haven't seen mine yet. You guys are making a (hopefully) awesome strategy game for well under 1mil, while Uber Entertainment got 2.2mil on KS for Planetary Annihilation, and now wants to charge Steam users another $90 for alpha access. I'd rather support developers like you. <url>"enter code here" somewhere down the line, but haven't found it, unless it is at the end of the paypal payment bit?? Wow, how did I not hear about BoUT before. I believe it will rank it right there with The Longest Journey as one of my favorite point & click adventure games, and I'm only a couple hours in so far (just reached Seatown). From what I've seen, I have a feeling I'm going to really enjoy this. Got my e-mail for Book of Unwritten Tales and am downloading now. Thanks, KAG. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Any further word on the extras? I was hoping we'd hear something by last week. ... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. want to see something special...here you go ‘I was (and am) a huge fan of Eternal Darkness, and I'm quite excited to hear that a spiritual successor is in the works from folks who worked on the original game!' - Dr. Ray Muzyka, - Founder of Bioware <url>"hammer and sickle". I am russian and when I see someone flout my history I feel hatred. From my experience this trick was (over)used by(pro)american trashy B-movies (I really don't know how someone still buys this) so I have my doubts about quality of the final product. Now all what remains is to wish good luck to those who supported "Fl☭shback". Looks like I was right. JAF made it, and they've still got a few hours left. I still think I'll hold off for the final product. @John F I never noticed, but I was busy looking at the game. :p It looks interesting, but I'm KS'd out. I can't afford to keep backing projects. I think it will happen (under $45k left with 31 hours to go), so I'll watch for the finished product. meh, too many Apple computers and hipsters in their promo video... @KING Art Games. I'm just a backer for games but I still wanted to say thanks for the previous backer shoutout about the KS for Jagged Alliance: Flashback. It looks like it's going to go right down to the wire for it. turn based strategy fans, check out jagged alliance flashback <url>"when", I missed that part. My bad. :) @Blood They give you the option of Steam, GoG or their own store. You select it after setting up your account. @KAG Ah, my bad. I usually check my e-mail once every week or two. I see it now. :) @King Art Games....when will we be able to download add-ons like critter chronicles from gog ???? I did the survey awhile back for another KS, so I know what to look for (in case anyone thinks that's what I meant). Has the surveys been sent for the $45 digital tier yet? I haven't seen anything, just want to make sure I'm not missing it for some reason. Is there a way to log back into the survey and change information in case we make a mistake? I like an idiot picked the wrong country which then added shipping charges and I see no way of logging back in to change the information. @ altruism Data gathering? Well, you for example stated here on kickstarter (in your profile accessible to everyone) that you live in Vienna, Austria, and that's already 50% of the data King Art really needs from you.... :P @ Yuhui H You should directly contact King Art Games to solve that issue. Write an e-mail or personal message to them. @ King Art Games I have to admit that I am highly impressed by your simple but well done solution for backer fulfilment. Big companies like Obsidian have been struggeling with this issue for months now without any outcome and you solved it in just under one month. Awesome! :) To be fair, update #13 did mention digital tier+physical goods requires additional shipping. But that was in small print in the picture. :( Now I need a way to resolve the "missing shipping cost" problem. The survey system clearly won't allow that. Any help would be appreciated. @Rainer. It was clear that for physical pledges, I need to add shipping. It was never clear that by adding card game to my digital pledge I had in effect converted to physical pledge and had to also add $15 for shipping. I think it was not entirely unreasonable for people to assume the $15 card game price had included shipping just for the card game. @King Art Games there should be a option to up your pledge to more Add-Ons. Could you connect the Backer-Survey with paypal-upgrades? (The PayPal-Backing is still open.) @Yuhui H the shiping costs were clearly stated in the list of the AddOn-rewards and in Update #8 "Remember: You can add the card game to your pledge by clicking in "Manage Pledge" and add $15 to your physical pledge" I picked $15 card-game addon for my digital only pledge. It was never made clear that I need to also include shipping cost. Now the survey won't let me choose the addon since it insists I am short of $15 of shipping cost. What do I do now? @KAG when can we download the add-ons...like mine is critter chronicles on gog btw just sent your survey back I'm Dutch. Feel free to send me survey on Kickstarter for the digital edition. I agree. this data gathering is annoying *sigh* as a german with extreme Paranoia i am upset now Why do i have to fill out stuff like "Shipping address" when i chose only digital edition? Here is what it says. Plege: 35.00$ / Costs: 20$ It did. However I can't seem to get back to that screen, I closed the browser and can't see of a way to log back into the account. So I pledged 20 dollars, added 15 dollars for the card addon but can't seem to choose it in the rewards. How can we rectify this situation? @King Art Games Thanks a lot for the mention in your update, and congratulations on reaching more than double of your initial goal. We're sure it's going to be an awesome game! Last week for us and we're hoping for a strong race to the finish :) About to hit the last week for a true Turn-based classic reboot!!! <url>"Digital Extras" that are listed on Steam? Since they're a separate purchase on Steam, I don't want to just assume anything. They haven't sent the KS surveys out yet. If you still want to contact them, though, there's a link to their website under their logo to the right. Anyone can assist me , where i can contact King Art Games other than kickstarter mail? I dont hear from them yet need to give my address for pledge shipping. thank you :) Never mind, I saw the answer on the forums. Looks like some time next week, hopefully. When are you planning to release the other games as rewards? I'm curious to try out that Book of Unwritten Tales. Talking about action-adventure (We're not? Why?) you should check out Ghost of a Tale on a competing crowdfunding site: <url>´ll have to wait so long until release :( ... Congratulations !!! @dlux Jagged Alliance certainly needs the help :) @ ☆ dlux ☆ BLOOOOOOOOD DRAGOOOOON HA..yeah it would be nice to talk to someone besides myself for a change...lol After the Divinity campaign finished I decided to show some support here. Now I'm off to Jagged Alliance I guess. ^^ @dlux New avatar? I like it.... :) Congrats Kingart! :) Congrats, King Art! You achieved more than 200% of your funding goal, a big success imo. I'm very happy that we reached the 250k stretch goal and tablet versions will be made. This game could easily come one of the best games on the tablet games market. I'm definitely looking forward to the game and wish you all the best for the last steps of the development! :) I'm sorry that I couldn't be here during the countdown but I was at my grandmother's birthday and familiy always comes first.... :) @ Eryn ....hey hey...congrats on the shirt @blood i second your idea. but i think the devs at KingArts maybe not recognise this idea here. maybe we set it up at their forum? ;) anyways Congrats to the succesful KS campaign congrats....after this game is complete maybe you can kickstart the giant map add-on dlc conquer the world and make it even better....cheers Hey Congratz guys! I found this in the last few hours of the campaign, and I have to say I am impressed and looking forward to playing this! congrats Off to get ready for church. Well, no add-on stretch goal, but I'm glad you mobile gamers got your goal. Here's hoping for a great game, and I can't wait to check out the 'Book of Unwritten Tales' game while I wait. :) Congratulations KING Art Games! Looking forward to BW:K! :-) I did hear Poster :) well yeah a nice poster map would be cool to self print. to get excited and look at it till the alpha comes out. :) A physical map would also be EPIC i don't have to be on cloth like in the old times. Congratulations! Congratulations KING Art Games, you did it. :D Guess there's life in this wonderful underserved genre yet. ^_^ Too bad we missed the world campaign stretch, but you'll release that eventually as DLC, right? :) Wouldn't mind paying for a big update like that. @JuhoL - don't mention maps - particularly if it's a poster - else Gallion Daniel may be beside himself with excitement... actually a poster map featuring a summary of the four factions or a summary would be pretty cool. As a 'free' pdf though, you could organise to print your own on canvas ;) Well done King Arts Crew! Regardless of the "should've done betters" this is still a very respectable campaign total for a genre which "nobody plays anymore" and no legacy IP behind it... must be a helluva lot of us "nobodies" in the world ;) Got Amazon and Kickstarter confirmation that my Chairman Of The Joint Chiefs Edition pledge has gone through and am now anticipating the testing phases :) Congrats, King Art! My pledge was already successfully paid too, so I'll be waiting for all the physical goodness. By the way, could you at some point consider making a physical map (maybe not cloth, but something) of Kronos? I know I would scrape a few more bucks/euros for that :D Great campaign, King Arts. And special thanks to Jan. Congrat King Art Games A job well done! Congratulations guys! You totally deserve it. Really looking forward to playing this :) @ThomasN: depends on you definition of "pirat" ;) Congrats on making it guys! Looking forward to a great game. KING Art Games: Hmm.. you could be working in the caribbeans, though technically I'm not sure if that means you are a pirate. Cheers, carbon units! Now this campaign is over, there is another tbs game who needs support: <url>"ConquerThePlanet" mode that much :( Yeah was always thinking why did they chose sunday morning as last day of the campaign that was a bit wierd i don't remember other kickstarters that i backed to end on sunday. :) At least we got $260K on the counter with 5 minutes to go! :) @Gallion: I must say that's very strange indeed. This should be Jubilation Street, but there is barely the sound of crickets. Hmm, perhaps Sunday is at fault? Wow last 10 minutes and no one here ? Good thing you King Art guys are listening to the feedback here. One should never be satisfied and always hungry for more. Even if others say you did amazing (!!!!) and blah. This is how you achieve more than others in life! True I hope for a last spur an we get 500 backers more to reach the 8k. :) 7,500 backers! Yay!! And all but the last stretch goal is reached! A warm congratz to KING Art! :D ~270k quite OK :) thx to all backers. Looking forward playing this game. Congats guys! Looking forward to this game.. And also to my BW:Kronos cap. =) Congats guys! Looking forward to this game.. And also to my BW:Kronos cap. =) ha...guess that's it...no 360k...well the 250k stretch is sweet....congrads Well, here's hoping the next 4 1/2 hours are busier. I've got to sleep. Night all. 45 more pledges to 7500 backers, $3.7k to $260k What this game has shown me is that even when the product itself is fantastic, if the promotion miss the mark it runs the danger of languishing in obscurity. Even though we double the pledge amount, I honestly was expecting this game to turn over at least half a mil. It was a solid looking product with a working prototype to look at, good turnaround time for the finish product, strikes all the right note when it comes to the actual gameplay and promising features..... I look forward to this game immensely, but the kickstarter itself feels like a fizzle out from a combination of issues... Good luck to the Dev! I'll still be cheering. Wow! $7k since I was last here, 6 hours to go! Be back later Aaaaaand, I killed the chat, heh Mainly, I dislike anything that messes with my ability to think straight. Well, if that is how you feel. It's all cool. Some people love to smoke grass, I don't touch that shit though. ^^ I'll take your word for it, and accept "missing out". lol, you lucky guy bloodraven. :) See ya Yeah Jito, drinking is great, you are really missing out. hehe. cya later my wife needs some family time...she still loves me awe...lol I can imagine lol. That is the reason I don't drink bues anymore. That stuff seriously messes you up. ^^ @Jito463 your missing out...its a blast...lol yeah the hangover is the worse part...lol And people wonder why I don't drink..... @☆ dlux ☆ holy fk dude i was hurting bad today I think I drank that much once too, and my hangover almost killed me. lol @ ☆ dlux ☆ well maybe by 5 am German time people will start pledging better...230am now everyone's sleeping...hope we hit the 360k mark I am still amazed that you survived your drinking orgy bloodraven. ^^ i woke up drunk as hell...lol @Jito: Go to sleep, you won't miss anything. ^^ @ Jito463 I wont make it...drank last night and I was drunk from last night, all day today till about 3....think my neighbor and I almost killed ourselves getting hammered last night...lol...im freakin beat Nighty night Mortaro. :) I'm torn between sleeping and catching the end of the campaign (ends at 3:42 am here). @Mortaro later man I have got to go to bed now ... it´s 2:29 o`clock am here ... sleep well and let´s "see" us again at the forum after this campaign ;) Good Night ... @dlux THE CYBER COMMANDO IS COMING lol lol, that happened to me numerous time too. ^^ Yes.... BLOOOOOOD DRAGOOOOON. 8 hours of Cyber Commando phun. hehe, I can hardly wait. :D @Jito463 HAHAHA...do that all the time too @ ☆ dlux ☆ you have tons of time man.....but....its coming soon BLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD DRAGOOOOOOOOOOOOON Oops, wrong chat area, heh @ Jito463 well hurricane sandy tore this place up but usually no .....yeah the Barnegat bay and the atlantic ocean...real nice here....lagoons,boats,fishing,water skiing,great place to live I still want to check out the jagged alliance kickstarter thoroughly before I back. But I am too lazy ATM. ^^ I'll check it out tommorow. @Blood AP is only during combat in D:OS. Out of combat is real-time, too. Didn't you watch the videos? Wow, you live right in the middle of the water, practically (looking on Google Maps). Flooding much of a problem? <url>☆ dlux ☆....lol...check out jagged alliance looks pretty cool Maybe before the end of their KS. We'll see. I'd love to support it, but I'm drained of funds. I really shouldn't even be supporting this, but I just can't bring myself to unpledge, heh. I'm excited about the game bloodraven. :) <url>´m German and so I can read more than you (at the forum)... but even in the German forums nobody talked about that, or wished it to be implemented in the game :) I'd hope not, at least in single-player. Although, I'd imagine that if not, then there should be for multi-player. Otherwise, a griefer could just let his units sit forever, and never move them. Would be nice to have confirmation, though. Jito nowhere a timelimit was mentioned and therefore I think it doesn´t exist. except, not aside *sigh* I just thought of something, and I couldn't determine if it had been answered yet. In the single-player mode (and multi-player, now that I think of it), is there a time limit on turns? If you don't move within a certain time, it automatically ends your turn? I'd imagine there would be for multi (aside for asynchronous), but what about single? now im getting painted pink...lol...no im the type of guy that paints the town red...in international languages that would mean...gets hammered...lol @ I have no mouth and I must Baaah : Hmm, do you think Bloodraven has started to become crazy and kicked some b**** so they had to decide: pledge for this game or get painted pink the whole body? I mean ... he´s Borg, we don´t understand what he does ... and it could explain why so many people pledged in the last hours ... and why Bloodraven was so long away "sleeping" ... I have no mouth and I must Baaah.....yeah right....turn based chat roll nwith lag bad...lol Haha well i did take ages and it's not that good i am full of painkillers to fight my headache and fever i think i am out here soon to be at least there in 9 hours or so :) @ Bloodraven It's kinda funny - the last 10 hours feel like turn based pledge upping. Slowly but surely :P And thanks Gallion Daniel ... whohooo, haven´t seen that more than one posted a comment ;) LC don't matter yours is shorter and i think easier to read. :) Ah, thanks LC :) (LC translated the sentence in German I couldn´t translate by myself) ninja'd.... :( @ Moraro You should have made a raffle for the last Master of the Universe among the backers ($2500). That would have been a cool last-minute action. What Mortaro did suggest in german is that Kingarts could make a lottery about the last free slot in the Master of Universe Tier (2500 $) as a nice last minute action to get more people to back the game. Well i would love to have such a opportunity haha. :) My iPad just became a viable gaming platform! Thanks KingArt! Thanks backers! 250k! lmao....the word for the day is..... being assimilated .....hahaha Whooohooooo ! Over 250K without Paypal, that´s nice ! Unfortunately we can´t compare a TBS game to a RPG game ... (the fan base is smaller) but it´s definitely a real success :) @ KAG: Ihr hättet den letzten Master Of The Universe pledge verlosen sollen unter den Backern (2500$) ... das wäre eine coole Last-Minute Aktion geworden :D (Bitte jemand ins Englische übersetzen der besser Englisch kann als ich, diesen Satz bekomme ich tatsächlich NICHT selbst korrekt übersetzt :( ) @ Bloodraven: Yes, let your Borg companions pledge and we would have billions of dollars ... besides you would play the game then and haven´t time to assimilate anybody ... ;) ha...its like a ghost town over here with 10hrs to go...insane...lol 10 hrs to make 100k huh ???...well anything is possible on kickstarter nice almost 252k on kickstarter alone....congrats KAG I recommend checking out other turn based strategy game as well: <url>#t=78s @bloodraven and here I was telling Mortaro your mortality consisted only of sleeping or working ;) @Jamie you think that's bad? Try the typical $45.00 on USPS air mail for a similarly weighted object ex-US to Australia. When shipping is two to three times the price of the object, then come back and complain. To send stuff to the US is worse because of security paranoia. It costs an extra $20.00 here because of all the rigmarole and that's on top of however you choose to send a parcel. @TCO: All of them are chasing that mythical 10k comment badge Am I the only one not spamming projects? ;o @ ☆ dlux ☆ ...lol @Bloodraven: I can imagine. You have written twice as many comments in 2 months as I have in 1 entire year. lol :D haven't played a game in 2 months...lol the shipping cost are quite cheap mine were always way higher when i had something sent from usa to europe. :) I have a lot of projects i never backed because I felt it's a rip that i have to pay 2 or 3 times more to ship something from usa to europe then from europe to usa. @☆ dlux ☆ im so kickstartered out its crazy 100K left. :D 17 HRS TO GO FOR 360K...EXCELLENT It would have been great if the KS would run another week or two, so that we could spam the comments into oblivion. But oh well. ^^ I think I'll make some coffee. where is bart at????....LOL..@LC lol If LC wakes up from his coma, then we can make 10K comments for sure. :D @Jito463, Dablue, Ah! Thanks! I didn't know that about having to have a U.S. address (though it makes sense now -- Larian did the same thing for Divinity). @Blood If anyone can spam us to 12k, it's you. :p @Blood: 10k more in 16 hours.. pffff.. well need LC fot that for sure... @Brian: They are a german company. But you need an american postal adress to make a kickstarter based on dollars. Look up above the number of backers. lets see if we can get this chat roll up to 12k....get this party started @Brian They're in Germany. We (US) are part of the 'rest of the world'. I made that mistake, too. Regarding shipping, what is shipping to the US? It says $10 for Europe, $15 for rest of the world, but then I realized they were in the US so logically the shipping would be cheaper. *confused* =) i so pre ordered blood dragon when i did see the trailer of it. haha , can't wait. :) @TCO: lol, i wouldnt want to be your goldfish ;p @Dablue winking right back at you mate *smacks Dablue with stick* Bad! he is digging in his butt again...dude come on stop that....lmfao @TCO: *cant help but laugh* its batman again. pfff.. i feel like a pregnant lady.. had soo much pizza.. *small belch* blooooooooood dragoooooooooon...coming real soon..i think tuesday Smells like.... poo? whhhaaat? lol Smells like poo here too. Speak of the devil... and there he is. hehe :) Bloooooooooooooooooood Dragoooooooooooooooon! got me a rum belly last night....still hammered...lol did everyone miss me????...nice numbers...where is that 360k????...come on now. Lol, he must have written like 5000 comments in the past 30 days. ^^ LC is on life support atm. Could be that the DOS campaign wore him out. ^^ YEAH were is bloodraven we need him for final countdown or is he worn out too? upped my pledge level to get alpha access. Totally love the main screen,especially the colors are great! 17 hours left. Where are you LC and Bloodraven!? :) Ok voted for a language, nice update i totally love the colors and the design of that preview main screen. :) I'll try my best to up my pledge a bit. :) @KingArt have a nice weekend and send us some pics of your kickstarter ending party. See you in alpha test:) We have an update, we have an update, King Art brought us an update. An now all: We have an update, ... Thx :) @ King Art Could you please update at least the strech goal pic on main page of the project, it´s quite present and having an outdated main page in the final hours surely doesn´t help. Good Job. Waiting for a good game :-) You guys went way beyond what you needed and are about to hit a stretch goal. No need to apologize, just concentrate on making this awesome game!! One more thing: you should update the kickstarter page to show everyone that we've reached the 2nd stretch goal as you state there that you are including paypal! :) @KING Art: I agree with your opinion that this campaign is a great success! I also don't think that the campaign could have had more success with better coverage in press. Even some of the $1,000,000+ backed projects didn't have so many more backers than you, and turn based strategy is a niche market after all. Hopefully this will change before long :). The other projects could just convince their backers to put in significantly more money per person. That's why I think you (and your supporting backers who spread the word) did an extraordinary job here! As you also stated that you will work on the stretch goals for your next kickstarter I don't think anyone has to to stress this any further in this forum. I am sure our message has reached KAG ;-) @KING Art: It's your first Kickstarter, so it's okay to be stumbling about a little. And contrary to some people I suggest you NOT look at Larians D:OS campaign, it goes way to far in the other direction. You don't need daily video updates or or even daily updates at all. Just look at the last few videos, Swen is totally run down, you can really see how worn he is compared to the early videos. A Kickstarter campaign can be exhausting enough as it is. I agree that more updates toward the end is good, but no need to exaggerate. $15 just isn't worth it for a deck of cards to be posted TBH. <url>"attack" gesture, throwing the tablet to him is the "End turn" gesture. Still undecided is whether throwing out of the window or stomping on the tablet is synonymous with "I give up". With just under a day to go, I do hope the $4k comes through. Now with regards to the mobile/tablet versions, is the game server based with accounts? Can I play on my tablet on the train, get home, log in to my pc and resume play? Nice 250k reached i´m happy for all tab users this goal is reached @Jamie Unfortunately, yes, that's what is required. I raised that exact question via email & King's response was that I would need to apply basic shipping, which is fair enough. ;-) FWIWs: I'm all digital except for the cards add-on - but I decided it was worth it. @Backers: Yeah, we've got the $250k in the bag, but let's aim to give King some good breathing space. Get those final add-ons now. :D Also, just wanted to highlight Worlds of Magic - it's a spiritual Successor to Master of Magic. It has about 5 days to go and is promising to be awesome! It even has the original artist from MoM!! So if that sounds interesting to you, go check it out now. ;-) <url>"our fault" the backers didn't pledge high enough, the average in other projects were around 50$ and we are only around 34$ so if all the backers had pledge 50% more then final goal would have been no problem. Why people don't pledge more i have no idea it might be that exciting bonus pledges are missing. I think the number of pledges is very good getting 10k pledge for turn based strategy game might be a bit to high. Still project was a huge success it got founded very fast other projects needed way more time for that. I'm a digital only backer, but would like to add the cards.. as an international back I'm not sure how much I have to add for shipping - tell me its not $15 for a deck of cards. The campaign is more than successfully funded. Would you guys just stop smartassing until its finished? Being new to the campaign i would think twice about supporting it... @Beer Please write a tutorial "How to start a successfully Kickstarter campaign" and publish it, so every project in the world can be a great thing with much much money. @Christian Kölpin Even if we Germans don't get over excited for every little thing that is announced, you would think that we are pretty could in selling stuff. So a little more advertising would not have been a bad idea! Ding, 250K+ :) Where's Bloodraven when you need him? Now just under $5k to go to $250k :) Constructive criticism is good, Beer, particularly when referenced to an equivalent project in terms of team size, etc. This is the first KS that KAG have run with, so it's not so much about being an anti-critic for me personally, it's more about context of the comments being in line with being KS "virgins" :) Jan has mentioned a number of times both in this stupidly long thread and a few other threads that they've learnt a lot from this one which they'll keep in mind for future campaigns. Yeah, okay. I really like Statler and Waldorf but this is just a bad comparison. You don't achieve anything in life without listening to criticism. How sad that someone who wants to help by describing what, in his opinion, went wrong equals a nitpicker in your eyes. I won't defend myself here anymore just because I don't like posting this all american "you are amazing!!! you rock!!! this is crazy!!!"-shit everyone seems to like. ...and in every campaign there are a few armchair entrepreneurs who waldorf-and-stadtler the shit out of everything. There are still hope for 360k if paypal open up for awhile after the KS end, do more frequent updae or split the 360 into smaller goals. A cinematic intro is NOT a cutscene showing the ingame storytelling! I've seen every video King Art posted here, I just think 3 rather short ingame videos for a 40 (!) day campaign are not enough. Larian developes at least two games (or maybe 3 or 4 if you count concept work). I'm just saying: If you want more money from a kickstarter campaign, you have to do more! Let' do an update on reaching 250k? Provide some details on it will make the campaign more exciting. That's just a general observation not a comment about you in particular. Being new to KS, seeing the same questions asked repeatedly in a comment log is a daft way to do things - who wants to scroll through 1800 posts when you can just ask again :) @Beer There is a cut-scene intro, 3 game play videos, a brief background and faction description in the KS updates. There's also a web-site, a forum, 2 - 3 other games to support and all with a dozen or so people in the entire team. If you want all the info on a platter, in my mind that's the function of the web-site and forum. If the guy's could be faulted for anything it's been by spreading themselves thin by accommodating people who can't click a hyperlink to get the answers @Beer: keep in mind. KAG is a small Developer and have other Projects running parallel. So they can't effort a 24 hour coverage like larian does. Additionally they are from Bremen/Germany: the not known for big excitements. We (germans) are more ground based ;) This no excuse only a explanation... Maybe we get the 360 goal in reach.... I'm glad I found this game before its KS ended. It's the 2nd game I've backed so far (after Wasteland 2). Looks like I can finally stop playing Battle Isle and its addons LOL. How come BW:K had so little promotion all around the web?? Hopefully this is going to make the $250k stretch goal because I'm definitely going to play BW:K on my ipad as well. Okay, I think this campaign wasn't that bad. But it could have been much much better. The campaign is without soul, it's faceless and underperforming. 1. Bad Stretch goal policy: As others already said, there is too much space between the goals and yes, I'm somebody without a tablet and Ouya, and I don't really need either. So after 170k there was nothing in for me except the unrealistic 360k add-on goal. 2. You didn't really show yourself. You could have made some videos showing yourself in the studio or playing the game like Larian and so many others did. This campaign is faceless! 3. Not enough updates! Only 3 academy videos, add-on possibilities came too late, no videos about the development itself. You could say this campaign was a huge success if you refer to the initial goal. But considering the progress of the game, it's really not! You did not manage to arouse the needed enthusiasm, and I'm sure there are some other mistakes others might mention. Of course you weren't able to raise a million or more, that's understandable. I mean, it's a turn based strategy game, so there are simply limitations regarding the target audience. But please don't play the "no big name"-card! Larian doesn't really have one either. But still: congratulations! I'm pretty sure this is gonna be a good game and I hope you focus on the story enough. I don't really have an idea of how the story presentation in Kronos works, even after 40 days of this kickstarter campaign. Not even a video with a small cut scene and a dialogue. If you're interested in reading the Ask-Me-Anything session which Mortaro was referring to, check out <url>´t think the last stretch-goal is achieveable, but KAG can release the add-on when the game sells well ... or even make a new KS-campaign :D Guys you really need to speed things up if you want to hit that last stretch goal. Look at the campaigne for "Divinity Original Sin" (<url>"totalbiscuit" made a Let's play with them. With very little effort you could reach their fanbase and many new backers. Make it count!!!!!!!!! DLux : "@Mortaro: You really like Bloodraven, huh? You have been telling him how much you you love him for days now. :)" Of course ;) He´s funny and I like to chat with him ... besides he did laugh about my jokes, that´s beyond price :D Eryn Tempest Weresheep in Torment : "i really looking forward to play with the bunch of you. especially @blood adn @montaro. maybe there will someday be an observer function so i can watch you merry flock to battle each other :D" No way, he is Borg ! I don´t have to play against him, but against him and his million companions ... That´s unfair ... these cowardly "persons" don´t play alone ... pfffffff ... and what will happen if I win ? These fu****** Borg queen comes along and kills me ... now way ! Unfortunately I think Bloddraven has assimlitated Steve Lockett already - he wrotes much to much here : <url>"Schprocket" - possibly an sysonym for "I like the Borg" ... Nice, we´ve reached the second stretch-goal ... ok, I don´t have a tablet, but I´m happy for everyone who gets his tablet-version and language :) yes... ( in the past i try it with Advanced Strategic Command / but this is not well done....) Now we have a real NEW "Battle Isle successor" and better !! ... waiting for alpha too. wow nice over 7000 backers :) nice , and over 10k pledged today got job everyone. Well now it's dreaming about the day when i can play alpha. :) ... but King Art need more... for a better game :-) no need for doubts... we have over 250K !! Devs. To put my mind at ease, Please confirm we've reached $250k by checking it off... please I think ... the base Tier's was to cheap.... ;-) We reach 250 without PP :-) over 7.000 Backer Level is ~ 34 $ per Backer.... go go go ....upgrade your pledge ! <url>#chart-daily If anyone wants a $75 digital tier, it will open shortly. I'm going to have to drop back down to $45. :/ yes ! over 250.000 total at this time... ( yesterday PayPal was ~ +11.000 $ ) So, we have reached the 250K stretch goal? Great! :D @Eryn you won the bet.....cool...congats This user's account has been deleted. @bloodraven43, yep @gandalf.nho ....hey...yeah we did...12k in paypal and what an ending dos was huh???? We already achieved $250K with PayPal? nice 240k....360k is within reach....pledge on 240,240!! Party! :) guys, we hit the next stretch goal, and we're discussing process and technicalities? I think a little party is in order. Here's my w00t to thee! @LC: Weekend is not as bad as ending early morning, but in my opinion it still does some damage. Just assume sunday would be very sunny and hot. You would lose at least 10 to 20% because many (especially families) would be out of the house somewhere not reading mail, not browsing, not socializing Couldnt resist, had to pledge :) I love turn-based games and this one looks amazing. <3 Grüsse aus Oldenburg *richtung bremen wink* @ Meganothing Weekend is ok but the timing is bad. ;) Too bad it ends on a saturday. @King Art: Note for next time: Time it to end not on a weekend and at a time that US and Europe are awake So, D:OS campaign is over and they made an impressive final run! :) Hope we could do something similar for Kronos as well! The 250k should be no problem anyway. :) @Christian i said never that i am right or kicktraq will be correct with it's guessing of the end result i said what i did think will realistic as pledges for the last 2 days, i alsready know we are over 250k due to paypal but backers don't know that and kicktraq doesn't know it either. :) Ah, so they are over the 250k mark, the I shall upgrade at once! According to information on kicktraq $250,301. So yes, you are wrong ;) According to kicktraq it's the 7th best day i did expect 7k today and 8k tomorrow so we barely miss the 250k without the 12k from paypal hope i am wrong. :) <url>#chart-daily cant be much missing with paypal pledges - with 5% jan said the next goal should be reached.... @Olaf They'll contact you after the campaign ends to ask you WHICH one you wanted. This typically takes the form or either a poll they send out to backers or they'll set up a website you'll be able to log into to specify. I'm trying to plug this on the D:OS comments. Chat rolls by quickly, though. Not sure if it's really getting seen. Card game for sure any pledge which is physical and shipping already covered i would add the the card game. If you are non physical add the critter game :) replace cap with card game Hi. If I add $15 to my current pledge, how do you know WHICH addon reward I want ? cap ? key chain ? critter game ?? tnx. Off the top of my head I would say that after hitting 120k there should have been one at maybe 150 then every 50k after that. They didn't even have to offer more than what has been offered. For example the 150k goal could have offered the "Trains" mini-campaign, rail bound units, etc. from the $170 goal plus one new language and say iPad support. The $200 could have added the achievements, extra maps, rate and share, Android and Ouya support plus another language. Then $250 more maps, more languages, etc. Beyond that I don't know what the $360 goal bullets cost them but if they could break like one of them out... like just the new game mode and throw in another language at a lower price for and then put the new faction and yet another language at as yet another tier I think that would have worked better. You know what they say though, hindsight is 20/20 and it seems like they learned a lot here so that's great. I just feel if they could have kept the backers engaged we could have hit say $300k or while getting more (smaller) stretch goals. Live and learn. Again, looking forward to playing the game though! i consider this a very succesful campaing now that the 250k stretch goal with paypal added up is like 99.9% reched. But i agree with the others that there has been quite a lot of wasted potential. I am pretty certain that if there would have been smaller stretch goals at like 200k,250k and 300k this could have ended well above 300k. @Nick Hanson: I agree, and they were told the exact same thing earlier on a couple of times (by others and by me), but decided not to change their KS-strategy - so it could serve as a learning point for King Art Games for future KS campaigns - or at least I hope it does. As the second stretch goal will be reached (fairly save) one can say nonetheless, that overall it was a successful campaign that provided enough funding to be able to develop an interesting product. It will be an interesting game i look forward to play. The guys are still posting on Reddit btw if anyone has any questions, btw. @Nick Thanks mate, that's a great reply. I still think there's some massive work behind the scenes at each stage but I see your point about the smaller increments. I guess it depends on how the project has been planned to roll out and the amount of QC at each stage. @ nick I think the same. I am pc gamer and adroid will be nice but no reason to increase my 90usd pledge.... This one took 8 days to reach it's goal of $120k since kickstarter usually do significantly better in the first few days and the last few day and are REALLY SLOW in the middle (as this one has turned out to be) I would say stretch goals should have been like 20-50k apart and offered SOMETHING for everyone. This means the first one was a bit on the high side at 50k but not horrible and it did add something for everyone. The second one though going from $170 to $250 is WAY too big of a gap and it offers NOTHING to a large chunk of backers. I'm not saying they shouldn't offer multi-platform or other languages but typically those go along with something for everyone. So everyone gets an extra unit for every faction for example plus platform X is added and a new language. If you're going to have a goal that doesn't offer anything to a lot of your backers then at least make the gap fairly small. Going from $170k to $250k when daily pledges were averaging around $2k to 4k just seemed a bridge too far... especially when I didn't even want what we got if/when we did get there. Then after that another $120k for the next one, it was clear pretty early there was no chance we were ever going to get that. @Steve Many of the campaigns I backed reached their goals early and were still fun. I've also backed some that didn't reach their goal till the final hours. I think the most fun ones of all tend to be the ones that reach their goals early and then pile on stretch goals so you're constantly trying to up your pledge and get more people involved to try to reach the next freebie or whatever at the next stretch goal is... (continued) Please also note that even the initial goal was worth the gamble for me so I'm not saying I feel ripped off or anything. I also wouldn't hesitate to back another campaign from KING Art Games in the future if I liked what they are offering. I'm just saying the campaign experience itself, I really don't know what else to call it, has been disappointing. Maybe that makes no sense at all but typically I actually enjoy the kickstarter process even beyond what the actual product is and that really hasn't been the case on this one. @Steve Part of it, is that there's not a lot of chatter going on. Look at the comments in Divinity: Original Sin right now. They're flying by so fast, it's almost impossible to keep up. Down to the last 90 minutes, and the number keep rising, too. That's exciting. Seeing the numbers slowly creep up, and without a lot of chatter in the comments, it does tend to be a tad dull. Not complaining, just stating facts. Do you think it's because it reached it's target early, Nick? In what aspect is it boring? I only ask because it's my first KS I've backed... I guess I just counter-argued my initial statement, so I supposed it is how far apart they are, LOL 238k funds the 250k goal....12k in paypal needs to be added....almost funded next stretch@250k I'm not saying they should change anything on this particular campaign now. I was just wondering really if it was just me that had this feeling or if other backers tend to agree. I've backed over 50 kickstarters, the vast majority of which have been video games, and this has to be the most boring campaign that reached it's goal for me. The problem isn't really how far apart the stretch goals are. Lots of video game KS projects have far apart stretch goals. The problem is, that this is a very niche market they're targeting. So fewer backers = less money. Ergo, they needed to reduce the gap. I'm sure they've learned from this experience, though. @Nick I thought the same in terms of the milestones but when you consider that the milestones seem exponential superficially for "what we're getting", in terms of the amount of effort required by a small team to meet them all and within the project time-frame, it's a case of everyone putting their money where their mouths are. :) Again I make the point about cross-platform gaming - I like gaming on my lounge chair in front of the TV, on my PC, or on my tablet - why limit a game to one format and non-platform multiplayer when you can play anyone on any platform? By way of a simple example where you'd think it'd be easy to 'synchronise', I have Zen Pinball 2 on four platforms (PC, 3DS, Wii U, Android) yet I cannot 'merge' my tables and scores AND unlike BW:K, they are all separate purchases. @Nick I feel the same i watched a few kickstarter campaigns and their pledge goals were closer and it was more exciting some even did get me thinking i should join even if i didn't consider the product at first like a board game. But those campaigns had less backers and were quite expensive as being board games ect. so it might be video games are different in kickstarter campaigns. @Nick I'm sure if (when?) they do another KS, they'll fix that problem. A bit late for this one, though. I'm looking forward to this game but as kickstarters go this hasn't been a very fun campaign. I mean usually I'm checking back almost daily with the campaigns I back and constantly considering upgrading my pledge or tacking on add-ons (i.e. giving more money) as well as anxiously anticipating stretch goals and such. On this one the stretch goals were so far apart and adding platforms and languages really have no appeal to english speaking pc gamers like me. Again I'm glad the campaign was successful and I look forward to playing the game I can't help but feel a little disappointed over this campaigns kickstarter experience for lack of a better term. Maybe it's just me though. It's alright, Jan/Philipp, you guys have been answering some guy called "Schprocket" over there... that's my usual online nick :) Hmm. Signed posters WOULD be nice. But if they added posters in poster tubes, it would be a new shipment item (2 shipments instead of one), as you send it out separately. It's also a lot more hassle, logistics-wise. Would you be willing to pay, I don't know, X bucks for the poster and then add another 15 or so bucks for shipping, just so you could get the poster to the U.S.? Your answer might be "yes". I don't know. I am truly curious. So the rush might start now :) Hope it comes and i still can upgrade my pledge a bit by adding a figurine. :) Reminder emails went out!! Should see that influx now As an aside, the new turn based Jagged Alliance still needs help!! Only 30% funded!!! <url>"missing" LOL! Btw random question is there poster planned ? I still have my poster from my first battle isle on my wall. :) TYVM bloodravn43. Stay there, for more to come! ;) that's why im here to fill you all in...lmao well if king art games would be more active...no one would have to wonder about anything...lol Ah, ok. That´s, great! Although Gallion is right. It would be better, if there´s an information anywhere. ....I really need new fingers.... backers up by 3 @Gallion for sure. I've just watched the backs co up be two... sorry, three... in the last 6 minutes well it would be better if we really can get over 250k without paypal so that new backers see that the goal is reached. :) @grischo bloodraven43 exists in an alternate reality where our normal laws of mathemetics don't apply.... ... that, and he's adding the estimated direct PayPal contributions... @ grischo....you are missing paypal which you wont see to the right....its added later and is at 12k around 12.000 $ (paypal) PayPal. I don´t get it. It says $234,266 pledged on the right side. So, why is it "under 3k" to go to the 250k stretch-goal? What am i missing? under 3k to the 250k....woohoo Hi yeah i hope more new backers show up and old ones raise their pledge so that we can make a big rush the last 45 hours and maybe reach the 360k goal. :) @ Steve Lockett....as they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly...theres gold in them their hills...lol Hi all :) I am New to the Project i just Put in my Bugs :) Cause iam a really Fan of BI and roundbased Games :) lets reach the stretch Goals :) "It's those darn weresheep, Ellie Mae... I'm-a gonna round up the boys an' git 'em!" "Be careful Jed! If'n they get a whiff of the clover I put on yur sandwiches, yur'll be a goner!" --------- Ahem.... We now return you to our normal program........... nice 234k...under 4k to go till the 250k stretch...and onto the 360k we go @Steve Lockett.....baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...oooooo excuse me...lol ... really need an edit button... "or is that just the sensationalist nature of the press blowing a common condition out of all proportion? ..." kind of loses impact the second time around........... :D @KING Art Games & @Melvin Since Android is the OS in both cases of those KickStarter consoles, and OUYA has been confirmed to be a certainty to be supported, I'm not quite sure why there's doubt about the GameStick. :) <url>"little" SRPG called Fire Emblem: Awakening that's distracting me somewhat :) As far as my lineage goes, it's from various parts of England for at least four generations but beyond that it starts sounding like Bloodraven's background. There's an Irish barmaid, and German-blood from Bavaria by way of Philadelphia, USA - go figure! :) Definitely no undo for multi-player, unless it was limited to just the last move (even then I think it shouldn't happen). @☆dlux☆...lmao... bloooooooooood dragooooooooon...lol....12k in paypal....8k left to fund 250k...sweet I just want to second the idea that @Moonsong said- please don't have an undo button! Especially not in multiplayer! Not having one will just teach us to be more careful when we click. @Mortaro: You really like Bloodraven, huh? You have been telling him how much you you love him for days now. :) 7 hrs until reminder emails go out :) If anyone looking for another turn based game to back that also backed Kronos check out the Jagged Alliance remake!!! <url>´s name him Bloodraven) didn´t know what to do, should he just have to follow orders, or is there something new in his feelings ... humanity calls it friendship ... He just have to be doubt in his queen ... She just said that assimilation is the only goal to reach, but Mortaro opened his eyes for his old feelings ... where he wasn´t Borg, but just a little boy at Alpha Centauri - wanting to play with his toys. Blood just decided to attack the queen of Borg, because Mortaro could be more of fun (especially because he was so brainsick, nobody could write better storys them him). Unfortunately there were a thousand dollars left at the KS-Attack so everbody died and the queen of Borg is the only one capable of playing BW:K now :( This fucking **** ! ... :D @ Mortaro....should be posting over @divinity original sin also....lots of your german friends over there @ Mortaro....your a poet...and just don't know it...but your feet sure show it....they are Longfellow's...lmfao.....Longfellow is a great poet if you didn't know....rock on dude <url>´t mean it carnal :D Oh man, I will miss you ... :( So I have to have 58 hours of fun with you ... :) Tell me, what is your Borg description ? Hm ? Seven of Nine is someone else (and I really think she has much more nice jugs than you ...) Is it Blood of five ? Nine to ten ? Nobody to live ? Death to all ? Come one, I´m so excited to get your real name ... :) new avatar @Mortaro....BRAVO....lol...nice answer I´m not crazy that´s only told by my mom, the psychologist and nursing staff, but they´re all lying ! Here is a writing, signed of Mr. Einstein, Mr. Lincoln and even Tut Ench Amun himself, that I am NOT crazy ! You can trust me ;) Please come to the asylum know where I live and rescue me, ok ? I won´t tell anybody that you´re Borg :) Ok, I have to end this ... my English isn´t really good and I have to study a dictionary at the moment ... at the end you believe me all this :D It´s nice that your wife is russian and your´re ... ehm ... you´re made up of half the world :) My mom is greek ... so we just don´t speak the same language :D Ok, I learned a bit English, but to be honest i have to use a dictionary for some words ... and they can still be misunderstood :( Maybe I go to Australia and take some English lessons there ... where is Steve ? Steve Lockett ? ... :D hell yeah 229k...12k in paypal....9k to stretch @250k....come onm we can do it...360k is up next...come on peeps...rock the fk out...yay @ Mortaro....so your crazy huh???...in a straight jacket...lol Come on Blood, we´re all waiting for the truth :) It´s ok to be Borg, to be honest ... at sunshine I have wings and fly to the moon, at night I have to pursuit criminals ... but the man who closes my jacket (which can only be opened at my back) says it´s ok. You now have to apologize me, it´s time to run a little bit against my walls ... they´re made out of rubber ... that´s sooooooooooooo nice :) P.S.: I will do anything to arrange a warm welcome to you and your species here on earth :) @Mortaro....hahaha...my wifes is from St. Petersburg Russia....im half Italian...quarter german...quarter irish...I have all the great aspects of life and a libra to boot to balance them out...lol Blood, in German we say something like this : "You can tell me much, when the day lasts long", which means we just don´t believe somebody :D You are Borg, just recognize it, it´s ok, I´m not a racist :) (Aliens are always welcome) Look at your "clothing", are there any technical implants ? Do you have a red laser attached to your head ? As long as you can´t prove you´re human, I assume that you are Borg, and now I have to take my red telephone and call Mr. Obama ... @Mortaro...lol....hilarious....just a cool dude from America that loves the world...that's all @Mortaro You never noticed that the Borg always let the Away teams make the first move? :) Jito463 : "Bloodraven is ubiquitous." Hopefully that´s it ! I´m a little bit frightened he could be Borg ! <url>°.° ) Creator KING Art Games about 2 hours ago @Hope: We're not sure about that. I think it will be one of the questions we need feedback for. On the one hand its a good think if you miss-clicked or something like that. On the other hands it might be use for exploitation (for example: We got fog of war in the game and if your unit moves into an enemy squad you might undo the move...) PLEASE DON'T DO THIS! I kept playing "Great Big Wargame" on Android, also in Multiplay, and... the "undo" function made the whole game pointless. It's been just a long row of undo's until you checked all your possible moves, and only then decided on one. So... every turn took like forever to be finished, and it completely took the fun out of the game, and I deinstalled it. So... if you're thinking about an undo function I think it might be OK for a single player campaign, but NEVER for multiplayer. @ Stefan....lol @ Jito463 howard the duck is in the house...wooohooo....lol Bloodraven is ubiquitous. You'll find him everywhere you go. @bloodraven: not sure how much KING Art is paying your for boosting their campaign, but it's definitely not enough ;) Nice job you are doing here in the forum! Since the game will be on Ouya, will it be available for Gamestick as well? @KING Art Games: I think you are doing a great job with this campaign so far, congrats! I would also consider throwing some more money your way (and most likely many others as well) if you just gave me a tiny incentive ;-) I am not too interested in the 2nd stretch goal (don't own a tablet and don't see a need to)... Why don't you split your final stretch goal in 2, and make either "Conquer the planet" mode or the new faction a new stretch goal at ca. 300k (or whatever is realistic in your eyes)? If you promote it as free DLC for backers after the release of the main game it should not interfere with your time schedule and could push your campaign in the last 48h! I would really love to conquer the planet :) under 10k to next stretch goallllllllll @ 250k.....rock on <url>"only " about 10k more from now. This is looking very good guys! I have high hopes that by reaching this stretch goal,the game will sell high enough to make that 360k stretch goal happen as an addon. @Joerg: at the end of the campaign ...this isn't handled by kickstarter. this has to be done manually by KAG @ Eric Fortin 5 minutes ago i sure wish we can play this on Android... still 24k$ to go ! theres 12k in paypal that has to be added to final numbers so its really less then 14k to go until 250k stretch is achieved....woohoo i sure wish we can play this on Android... still 24k$ to go ! @Christian Kölpin: Hmm, before or after the Amazon check? @Moonsong: KAG will get the pledge amount and the reward you choose from kickstarter. Than they have to ask you "hey you are n-Dollar above your reward, which addon you want"... Waaah, now you finally added the possiblity to get the BoUWT as an addon reward, and now I'm just to stupid to understand how it works... :( I go to "Manage Your Pledge", then I change my $ 20 in the Input box to $35, but leave the reward selection at Digital Battle Kit Basic, right? But how will you know whether I want the BoUWT, or the CC? Because, if I hit "continue" I'll just get passed on to the amazon confirmation page. Or will you just send me a message once the campaign is over, asking what I would like to get? Im hoping to go we make just 25more thousand in 68 hours :( i want it on all platforms!!!!! advertiseeeee guysss Cool update, I like the different level-up possiblities for the units. Should enable a lot of varied gameplay and tactics in the game later... :) Hello, i have questions regarding "resources collecting": 1. How does it exactly work? For example: There will be resources put by map maker in different parts of map, which you will be able to "pick up" and transfer to factory using some units? Something like in starcraft. nice update...understand this game a lot more now...looks fantastic Yes I saw that already but I meant is there any further detail than that? Like details about the size and material of the bag or details on what the models size, type etc will be Just checking because I can't find on my own and I was late to the campaign Was there any more information given on the add on rewards? I am sort of interested in them but without any more info I am not going to pledge for them @KING Art Games WooHoo! Great video, nice to hear that arty has an Achilles' heel :) Mission command edition Which package would I need to upgrade to, to get access to the alpha? Thanks. Sorry but the link in seems to be wrong i don't see the new reward even if click the link in the link given. @meganothing there's long-range attack units and you'd expect area of effect to come into play but I haven't read anything specific relating to area-of-effect. Are there units with area effect weapons in BW:K? I.e. Artillery with damage to surrounding hexes too. Anybody know? Give us the update! :) Just 13k more to reach the strech goal (including PayPal). I think that should be possible. But I would be happier if we would reach it sooner than the last day. ;) Let us push BW:K to kickstarter Startpage, we need more comments :) Go ppl Go! And there it goes up... Will see if the update today lift the pledgelevel like larian does it. They are currently at the same income like at their campaignstart I would be interested in Raven as an Add-On as I already bought both BoUT games (and love them) Dear King Art Team. I still think it would be great if you could throw in TBoUT or CC as an addon possiblity, as both are out in the online shops for a quite small price already. but in this case the money would just go the retailers in between, and wouldn't help the BW:K at all. @Lee Brokas: I am sure the PayPal orders will be possible even after the Kickstarter ends. Just check with KAG. @ Jito463 ....thx man ...tomorrow we will not this stretch into oblivion @Steve Lockett thx my friend...cheers...need sleep bad...see you tommarrow @Jito, Bloodraven is omnipresent... he needs no acknowledgement other than that of total adoration.... :) He was trying to forget you, but you're just unforgettable, Bloodraven. ;) @ Steve Lockett....duuuuuuuuudddde....you forgot about me what happened????....ROFLMFAO Regarding the earlier "interested in PC-gaming only" comments, To start my comment with an example, Nintendo has created some interest amongst it's platform owners by having true cross-platform connectivity between the 3DS and Wii U versions of the game Monster Hunter 3 - bring along a 3DS with MH3 and play a MH3 multiplayer game on the Wii U version with it - however that's still within the 'confines' of a vendor's gaming ecosystem. What I believe that BW:K promises - because of the engine it's being built on (pretty sure it's the Unity engine <url>"Forum" is good. I prefer it over "Bulletin Board" because "Forum" only one word with two syllables :) Whilst we're discussing the forum, a plug for the Battle Worlds:Kronos sections of the King Arts forum: English language forum at <url>#c8 German-language forum at <url>#c9 Sign up and join in! I hope we will see a push the last 3 days... :-) <url>#chart-daily Hey there's another $4k been pledged since I was here about 11 hours ago! WooHoo! I'd love to increase my pledge to pick up a couple of extra card-games and round out the number but I'm stretched by jumping in for a big pledge from the word go and have just had a couple of pre-orders come in. Timing, timing, timing.... :( @gedenkaffe. You can write well when you want to, even if it is to try to maintain an argument where there is none. I believe, rightly or wrongly, that you are so bored that you are deliberately indulging in playing internet one-upmanship to see who you draw in, based only on what I've read. (An opinion that is subject to change.) I posted that forum link to appeal to your intellect and generate discussion about the game and am happy to discuss with you. (Nothing insulting there.) You would be helpful to others with a more careful choice of words - which I think you've now proven you have capacity to do - and that's great. (Nothing disrespectful in that statement either; it's a fact. ) But if you want to keep fishing for responses to non-game-related posts, count me out. (Statement based on opinion of behaviour demonstrated thus far.) yeah 224k...11k in paypal to ad....235k we have....15k from 250k stretch goal...with 3 days left...how sweet it is...it will definitely be achieved...sweet...party on dudes and dudetts....pledge on.we can do this.....pc version and also a mobile pad version of your choice for free...what is there to think about...hell yeah ;) What post below? Ah just saw its in the works, forget my post below! Can you please make a new short video with new footage? Maybe anoter tutorial video? @Peter Unfortunately, I'm at my limit (and then some). I might even have to pull back to a lower tier, again. Still, the last few days are usually among the busiest for any campaign (see Divinity's KS, for example). I'm only looking forward to the 3rd stretch goal, but I hope you mobile players get your 2nd stretch goal, at least. @Lee Sorry to hear about that. Hope you get it all straightened out. :/ Let's start the race. Increase your pledges a little bit :-) 222 444k...lol... sweet @ Andrew Fagerlund: Jan from KingArtGames mentioned in the forum/bulletin board (which ist right in English ?!? In German we use the word "Forum") that they will bring out the add-on, if the game sells well enough :) Sorry folks, gotta pull out of this one. Screw up with my bank means the money I put aside for the pledge on the 28th was taken away from me, and I don't get paid again until the 2nd, well after the KS ends. I can't afford to get overdrawn, so I have to pull out. Huge apologies. Congrats to KAG for everything so far. If you meet the $250K stretch, it's a sure bet I'll buy the game when it comes out. Farewell. Lieutenant General WarWolf reporting! (Started at Digital Battlekit - Major, moved to Battlekit - Major and ended with that. I think I've done my fair share :p) I still play Advance Wars every now and then, and ever time wish I had bought the better GBA instead of the original one... Anyways, looking forward to this game as well. Nice to see fellow Weresheeps and Moongate Travelers as well :) Now, if you'll excuse, I need to prepare my bunker for the coming nuclear fallout when my folks see how much I've spent on this, Divinity: Original Sin, Shroud of the Avatar and Star Citizen.... Out of curiosity, are you folks planning to release the content in the 360k at some future date if you don't make that much by the end of the project? Because it sounds like it would be really great. Just pledged $95 ... lets go! 222k plus 12k in paypal...234k....16k to the next stretch @250k...come on we can do it...its so close now Yeah i am 100% PC gamer so i only care for the 360k stretch goal but the rush is still waiting (it seems) so i doubt we will make it so i am not sure if want to upgrade my pledge as i don't care for the 250k goal. There should have been more stretch goals in between like at least a 300k would have been best to be also there and those should have been with PC Gamer goals. And ad something PC to the 250k goal so i would pledge higher. :) This user's account has been deleted. (obviously i meant "everything i wanted was reached at the 170k$ stretchgoal", unfortunaterly i cannot edit my post) Suggestion: Add a reachable stretchgoal for PC gamers. Reasoning: I think most people pledging until now are PC gamers (possibly even old timers remembering the Battle Isle series) and might not be very excited about the other platform goals. Some smaller step stretchgoals that actually improve the gameplay for the game itself could help alot to create some more excitement imo. Right now i'm thinking, everything i want was reached at 120k$, and the next goal i would love to see happen at 360k$ is very far away... @KING Art Games: What about the multiple demands for Alpha-Access as an add-on? I would put this on top of my Squad-Leader for about 10$ I think. @OoopsHello figured you would like that being from france...lol @bloodraven43: Thanks ok it wasn't clear that the vote was closed, result fine for me. @bloodraven43 Yeah I understand your sentiment. I'm hoping KING Art are just saving themselves for the final battle ahh push. But yes, paypal announcements would help fuel the frenzy. ;-) @Gallion. It's a small rush atm. But overall, this is quite a small project - 6,400 backers & it's hard to know how many people have hit the "remind me" button. They'll start getting those notifications from 48 hours or less, so we won't really know how far this will go until that last period. In any case, I'm thrilled to be getting BW:K and some other game keys to tie me over till this comes out. But honestly, we're in pretty good shape right now. :-) i consider 4.5k for the last 24 hours a small rush.Not quite enough to reach the stetch goal,but this is doable imo. What i am concerned is we are already at the last 3 days and i don't see the rush that all other projects get in the last 3 to 5 days why is you number not jumping up the last 3 days should be the best in a kickstarter project ? @Steve Lockett First of all, the real mario isnt fat, and if you think those responses make me look like 6 years old, then australian 6 years old must be really smart to being able to read and write in two languages at that age or you must have at least one diagnosis of some sort. You act all wise and good but tell me what good have come from yours, jitto and the monkey admirals posts? Its just rude remaks of "proper" behaviour while you yourself are being rude and disrespectful. I helped the lazy fatboy and as a thanks I got 3 rude monkys on my ass, granted your post was a lot more pleasant then theirs. You try to degrade someone by the language in a post of their (atleast) second language and try to insult them by claiming that they appear to be 6 years old is maybe a sign of great maturity in whatever ghetto you come from but not in the rest of the world. i really don't understand king art games...hell every now and then they pop up where as other kickstarters...the devs are always on the chats trying to promote...i don't get it at all. @ ☜☆RSF☆☞ ....paypay was @11k like 8 days ago...has to be much higher by now I would think. Fun maths (excluding paypal figures) we need $28,818 to reach our next stretch goal. That works out to be just $4.50 per backer (or $2.94 each if paypal is at $10k)! Come on folks - throw in a couple of $$ and/or get an add-on. ;-) FWIW: I've just thrown in another $30 worth of add-ons. :D @king art games .... what is paypal now???....get the people excited please I think we can definitely hit that $250k stretch goal. Come on folks - let's do this! I'm going to add on the card game. ;-) @ooooops there he is <url>"Quo Vadis"! ROFL@ I applaud your attempt at a second language @gedenkaffe I applaud your attempt at a second language and in an environment where we all 'know' each other, some of the responses would be amusing. I took your initial "fat boy" comment to be making a link between the poster's name and the famous Nintendo plumber but unfortunately, your subsequent responses have rapidly deteriorated and make you appear to be 6 rather than 16 (or older?). So get back to talking up the game and less to arguing with people because arguing in a second language isn't demonstrating well your potentially better nature. In the meantime, please check out the wish-list over at <url>"****". Please spell it correctly, if you're going to insult me. :p this chat is starting to spice up a bit real tears...rofl...holy cow calling me a jerk is just as rude as me calling him a fatboy. You evil duche :''( <-- real tears!! also it was on the first page of the update so its just for him to look where he asked the question, something that if he forgot that aswell, he can see it in the history but he will probably forget the awnser by tomorrow anyway. so crazy what people say...lol @gedenkaffe There's no call to be rude to people. With this new chat system, it's difficult to go back and find the specific comment you're looking for. Don't be a jerk. " KING Art Games 1 day ago @Mario (air and naval forces): There are close to 10 air & naval units in the game!" stop asking everywhere and read the respons instead, lazy fatboy I forgot if I asked this already. Will you introduce naval and air units at start or as expansion? I rememeber wonderfull games with submarines.... Say hi Lord British i am huge fan of him and his games. Some goes to Al Lowe and i wish him best luck with his kickstarter for Leisure Larry an he was missed hope he will be staying in the industry and make more games. Btw did you mean Klaas Kersting Ex Ceo of Gameforge i have no idea what he is up now to but head up to him for being "Notch". :) Good luck for tomorrow. @ Jan from KAG: What do I have to do to be allowed to visit you at your games company ? I would do EVERYTHING, I just can´t give you much money ... ;( "The Book Of Unwritten Tales" was just ... it was ... yeah it was something ... :D Something like a big bunch of surprises ... It was just so good ... that I know that you should make other games than BW:K, your brilliancy is just throwing away there ... Nobody should misunderstand me ! I want BW:K so bad, I like tbs so much, but Jan from KingArtGames is able to write so funny and brilliant stories that he should write much more of them ... Hey I know it, I will and would make your advertising ! THAT´s something I could do ... :D What´s most important here : this game brings people throughout the world together, let them play together, chat together, and like each other :) So we can together withstand an evil company like apple @ Matthias ;) Btw: there are many bad and evil companys out there ... @ Steve Lockett: It´s nice to see how many people from outside Germany post here and are glad to receive this game ... that makes me happy :) And I still like and love Australia :) Unfortunately I´m not a good player in TBS, but what we need is a place where we can say who we are and search for other players who want to play with us. That should be the forum/bulletin board, so please go there ... : <url>#c9 What I meant, was that somewhere on the main page, you should find a place to occasionally update the PayPal totals, so we can reference them ourselves. Give us an idea of how close we are to the stretch goal. I didn't want to start a debate about microsoft vs apple (though in my opinion apple is far more evil) but to stop the apple users from whining that they can't get an app for free as the app store doesn't allow it... PS: Jagged Alliance is now on kickstarter :) <url>ähem 217k...hell yeah...almost@250k with kickstarter alone...360k is so possible to get now @Freisatz I dont see this as a bad thing, I think the main reason is mainly balance, as the unit limit is going to be something like 40 units, if each faction had their own unit set, it would be very hard to balance, and make it harder to keep the game fair, so while the limited number may seem small, I can understand thee reasoning behind the move, maybe if at some point expansions were made for the game, extra units could be added, but even then, you have to make sure that not one unit becomes a powerhouse compared to the others You have my money. Now make the mobile version happen ! Will the browser version be compatible with Chrome on Android/iPad ? yay...216k king art, possible to let the paypal open a while after KS finished? it will bring in more fund especially during the time the KS just finished, I will hope if we could hit the last goal.... that's lovely. Kind of disappointing there will be effectively only one fraction, as they are all supplied by the same weapon vendor. Do your plans for the third strech goal/addon include a fraction with a completely new set of units? @Jito463 don't let the (blood)Raven's tapping, gently rapping on your skull make you do things you don't want to :) I will see you in the Alpha testing ;) @Mortaro good to see you posting here too mate! The forum can get a little quiet on the anglophone side :) @Jito463 ....lol...your a trip man...lol Bah, I did it. Happy now? I went up to the $75 King Art digital pack. :p hell yeah...215k...plus 11k or more in paypal....24k till we reach that 250k goal 215k! :) But he's already dead....just look at his avatar....the damn trickster...:P im not gone yet...5 days to go bro...don't be sad...be happy Nah, you would be amazed what we Germans would say verbally translatet and you don´t understand ... I´m really sad that you will go ... is there a way to contact you ? :) You could write to me at : <email> (yeah, it sounds like a joke, but it isn´t :) ) @ Mortaro nah... bloodraven was flying about today but here I am now...lol yep...pass away...means dead and buried in every language...lol Ehm, Bloodraven ... "pass away" was meant as "going away to the next ..." :D Hopyfully not what it means in English :) Sniff, only 5 days to go ... 5 days to read Bloodraven´s comments ... then he will pass away ... going somewhere ... going to the next game ... forgetting us ... ;) Of course we will reach the second stretch-goal, I don´t want to read anything else :) @ Marcin: You should be able to give your Android-copy to a friend, but it´s not allowed and not fair. Your friend has to buy the game itself - the same with every game or OS you buy out there ;) @Marcin @Christian True, everyone will be able to play everone, no matter on which distribution platform the copie come from. ;) Go Go Go @Marcin: your question was already answered. KingArts uses steam for distribution not for MP. They will fire up their own plattform-service. So i see no reason to split the possible victims ;) We can do it! And we will do it! :) nice 214k...with 11k in paypal not included in the actual kickstarter numbers...225k right now...25,000 bucks to next stretch <email> includes free android/ipad version plus also the pc version....nice perks...we can do it. And you missed me question about multiplayer as well. Maybe it's stupid question but I would like to make sure that having disc copy I can play in multiplayer with those who have other copies, as probably 60-75% will choose steam copy, so it will have biggest group of players. So if you could only play multiplayer with other owning disc copies it (multiplayer option) would probably become almost unplayable after a while. King Art. what about my question about ios/android verions? How are you going to distibut those and are we free to give them away to somebody else? @Ralf you are most probably right, just don't want to be suprised negatively in the future :) Brian Fargo ‏@BrianFargo 20m RT @KingArtGames Hey @BrianFargo, starting today, we're Kicking it Forward too. <url>"special" (or hold the numbers of alpha testers small) adjust it via the "addon price" additional: i see no reason why its easy to add the bag or the cap but not the alpha-access, the figures or the digital addons:) any chance at a screenshot for an infantry unit ? i m most interesed in knowing whether infantry will be graphically represented as a single soldier or if its gonna be a small unit ( 3 guys like in panzer corps for example ) - i prefer the later if it isnt set in stone yet :p I have questions regarding Residents: 1. Can we play this faction in multiplayer? 2. Are Residents completely unique? All their forces are different from "Houses Forces"? I think it would be helpful for many people if you were to release more information on management like: resources, buildings.. etc... I saw that there are something like "Gunner turret" can we create it? Can we place it somewhere on the map during battle? Are they also anti-air defense? Can we create bunkers? Thanks I hope that Kicking it forward will bring some new backers here! Would be awesome! :) Ops... post in the wrong page. That's the problem when you stay with two kickstarter pages open at the same time... hahahaha... Hahaha... Angry Joe reviewing D:OS? That would be awesome. Remembering battle isle: please no buggy-bug or otherwise unbalanced items of "destruction". great update...scorpion and medusa are sweet. 5 days to go...not to do...lol...edit almost there...213k...11k in paypal not added yet...224k right now...26k to next stretch @250k...yeah its going to happen...5 days to do.i really think we will hit the 360k stretch before its all over....the last 2 days of kickstarter are usually the best days for pledges. :C Still no way to get Alpha access as an Addon reward.... I doubt that it will happen. I was sad when the Add On update was released and didn't mention this at all. After it was said that they would consider it as an option it would have been nice to get clear information about whether this will happen or not. A little bit disappointing that I can't get Alpha access just because I managed to hook three other friends to get this game... Creator KING Art Games 6 days ago @Moonsong (BoUT/CC) add-on rewards: Yes, might be an idea... We'll think about it! Any news about this? I'd really like to up my pledge before time runs out. ;-) I been posting on every gaming forum and every gaming website that i am a follower of but men i bet is hard to promote something new lol but hey ill keep on doing this see if it works. I want that next tier ... upped my pledge for it. Come on guys let's get it done!! right here Creator KING Art Games about 9 hours ago @Rainer: It's pretty steady at ~5% of the Kickstarter sum (close to 11k). Thanks, still don't see where the PP value is added in( on the main page I see with pay pal but nothing is showing different there then here). Ah well, just hope we make the 250k level. @Marconos KingArt has the PP totals posted somewhere, but I'm not sure exactly where. As for them being included, they are included in the stretch goal totals, but the number to the right is strictly the KS pledges. How do you know the paypal amount and how do you know it's not already included in the total? 27k to go till 250k stretch with 11k in paypal and again 212,024k hooray @Jito463 im just going to lol....I heard this story before but I just cant figure out where...I know........baaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I wish I could justify moving up to the $75 tier. It's only $30 more, but I really should save my money. Decisions, decisions. @Jito463 its a laugh a min over here...lol so someone dropped 15 bucks...lmao 4 Nope, $211,98 damn 211,999 k someone add a dollar Yep, it runs ... and Jan from KingArtGames said in the bulletin board, that they will release an add-on, if the game sells well enough :) Btw: @ Jan (KAG): I played The Book of Unwritten Tales recently and it´s really a great game !!! @Christian Kölpin about 3 hours ago Now it runs yeah man @ Mortaro...lol lol, I know what you mean :D Ok, EVERY man knows what you mean ... hah hah hah ... Unfortunately bras won´t help us with this game, as long as there is no campaign where a bad boss has stolen all bras off the whole world and we have to "rescue" them for our women ... Maybe KingArtGames will make a new game ? "Bra Wars" ... lol ... the girls can throw things real good...lol especially the girls...lol ive had a blast of a life so far.....just love to laugh...and have a great time....wish people threw money at me...they might throw other things.....lol..... but money is not one of them...lol HAIL TO THE BLOODRAVEN.....lmao.....hey Mortaro....how are you???....thx...I think the same about you...cheers We should have sent Bloodraven as BW:K mascot throughout the world ... I believe "we" would have over a million yet, if he was as mascot as good as a chatter and supporter here :D (in my mind I see Bloodraven and lots of people throwing their money at him ... ;)) About 140K until we hit $360K. We can do this. :) moving right along...be at 250k in no time with...11k in paypal to add atm @ Arrow Haha, nice one. :) With an ominous voice: "Winter is coming." Then only 28k to got for the next stretch goal! Let's do it. :) Thx for the Info nice Update by the way, I like the tactical implications of weather. I hope there is a weatherforecast in the game @KingArt What's the Status about the PayPal-Pledges? Now it runs... nice update and 2 more backers for 6.1k it would be nice with some robots as units. like in Total Annihilation and supreme commander Waiting for winter ;-) Awesome update! The new snow and ice scenario is beautiful! :) I can hardly wait to play this game. :D Great Cool update, thanks. :) Nice update.. thanks. very cool looking...cant wait to play it hahaha @Scrybo.com 11k is in paypal...so under 29k to the 250k stretch goal. @ Scrybo Only 30k, we have more than 10k with paypal. ;) $40,000 to go, hope we get there. I try it to help you... :-) 210k! Nice! :) With paypal included less than 30k to go for the 250k goal! We can do that! :) had some action today but now...its deader then my .... fill in the blank...lol very true...got to oil the machine and fire it up. A daily update of the actual total in this last week would be a good idea in my opinion. Get the hype machine going a little harder, as well as give us a better idea of exactly where we are in terms of the next stretch goal. Personally, I'm not fussed about the $360K goal, but more options is good for everyone. Either way, a big congrats to the team at KING Art and looking forward to the release, whatever it may be. Here's hoping for enough success to guarantee a sequel. :) @AveN, Now 221 (+11k from Paypal). Race to 250K start the last 3 days... no Problem. Every backer +5 Euro ;-) 40k to go and then another 110k yeah 210k (even) Come on guys! Do some more advertising, I want the next Stretch Goal so bad!!! BR AveN nice...29k and the next stretch is history...sweet More like 29k. There's around 11k in addtl Paypal donations. That less than 5k a day. Just 40K to the stretch goal. 34 bucks to 210k nice Couple of random questions (forgive me if some have already been answered and i missed it ) : 1.Will there be weather effects like in Panzer General / Panzer Corps ? Rain, Snow, Duststorms etc. 2.How varied will the terrain be ? Will there be ice worlds, desert worlds, rainforests, etc. etc. ? 3.Will infantry be represented by a single guy (like in HOMM games for example) on the map or will it be a small units of ~3 guys ? (like in panzer corps) – I much prefer the second btw, even if its just a minor detail ;) 4.Will the possible android/iOS version be tablet only or can we also play it on our phones ? ( Galaxy Note 2 owner here and while I do know that I could play it anyhow via tricks to make my note 2 appear as tablet … I d prefer a hassle-free option ) 5.Mods: will it be easily possible for the mod-community to import their own 3d models into the game (i.e. new units) ? 6.Mapping: can you make actual scenarios and entire campaigns like with Starcraft 2s map editor or is the later just for random skirmish maps as in Dawn of War 2 for example ? Suggestion for the last couple of days: If you arent already planning it anyway I d suggest a last video that shows a lot of features we haven’t seen before: units that weren’t in the screenshots (infantry perhaps? :p), different terrain , etc. etc. The academy videos were nicely done but if I weren’t already a backer I m not sure they d convince me. Seeing however that the game s scope is a bit broader then green valleys and tanks by showing a completely different landscape and units might push over sceptics. Anyhow i m really hoping for a mobile version and the free expansion pack and wish you best of luck for the final days. hell yeah...the one and only...angry joe came to visit...pretty cool Yes Casey, you are probably right. Because once information is used up in one place, there are laws of physics that prevent the information from also being displayed somewhere else. That's why long paper manuals have fallen out of grace with players. They just sucked all the important infomation out of game UIs. @Joe Well, I was talking about giving this KS a boost earlier, that could very well do it. :) @ Joe Wow, cool to see you here! And thanks for the shoutout! :) I hope we can get to $250,000 this would be a fantastic mobile game one of the best on the iOS. Tweeted it to my followers. I'm sure the UI won't be handicapped due to the existence of stat cards. This user's account has been deleted. I love it..... I drew the heard over here for king art games to see....how do you like us now...lmfao @ Eryn ....that's what life is about...the more you laugh the better you feel....the better you feel...life is a blast....lol...im glad I make you laugh...that's what im trying to do...lol @zdsdead - thanks for the link to the Worlds of Magic game - looks excellent and something I have been waiting YEARS for!!! <url>"kickstart" this project again. We must reach $360k! and i love king arts for this game (although i´m not a great tbs gamer) and that i finally can support a german video game developer ohh @blood you are so wierd sometimes, you make me chuckle.... i just have to say i like your style :D Yeah, Rex Colt is awesome. :D yeah love to lick and sniff...hobby of mine for many years...lol......and yeah cyber commando.....BLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD DRAGOOOOOOOOON....WOOHOO :p So, let me get this straight. You "like to lick....but" and you "get tied of posting". Is there anything else kinky about you that you feel compelled to share? Seems odd to just throw that stuff out there. @Bloodraven: Lol, you are a true cyber commando! :D Blooood Dragon! @Jito463 I get tied of posting to myself all the time...lol Ok, I'll try that again, chat system boo-booed. I constantly switch between the projects I back, I just tend to lurk more than post. @dlux...that's one game im buying on release...it looks so cool @☆dlux☆....got to keep my eyes everywhere.....BLOOOOOOOOOD DRAGOOOOOOOOOOOON And you keep an eye the chat here too I see. I wasn't expecting a response that quickly. :) @ ☆dlux☆....nice...wasn't expecting that....rofl "wish my Battle Worlds: Kronos would start cranking or people would start chatting....its like beating a dead horse over their trying to get people to chat." Ok, here I am. Hi, Bloodraven. ^^ nice 208k @ King Art What have you planned for the last week of the campaign? Is there an alpha build which you could play with/against some youtube guys or game journalists? Would be cool to see some more press and internet coverage for Kronos in the last days of the campaign to reach even more people interested in that kind of turn-based strategy games.... One week to go. I think we're on a good way to reach at least the 250k goal. :) Any chance for a GOG.com release? @Christian ....I totally agree If KingArt got themselves well prepared for the last three days and this project runs like the others even the 360 goal is in range. Only a good shot is needed closer and closer...the 250k is within striking distance easy over 6000 backers nice Focus 100% on getting the game done first and please stop getting distracted by these other ideas. As backers we want you to get only focus on the best possible Mac / PC game.. show you can execute is there any way to see the current paypal amount so we can see how much for the next tier is missing? oooh, almost 6k backers! @KING Art Games. The gigantic test map was pretty cool. Please allow us to play something like this in the final game. If you're worried about compatibility or system stability at least let it be a flag that we set in the .INI or something. ;) almost 220k with paypal....30k away from stretch <email> True. :) @LC ...if I don't talk nobody will...lol 18 You talk too much, blood.....or maybe not.... ;) its like beating a dead horse over here...I guess not to many of the 6000 people like to chat...rofl @ Mortaro see you later got to do stuff @ Mortaro what I was saying is that I should be waiting on a stretch goal list for a English language copy since the game is made in Germany....I guess English sells good Don´t bother bloodraven, the game supports German, ENGLISH, French and Spanish so far ! When the next stretch-goal is reached, two languages will be added (chosen by the community). This means these languages will be used in the user-interface, subtitles and speech. Other languages can be supported by using the "Loca-Kit", "only" the speech can´t be translated ... (of course). and 206k...sweet....come on peeps we can do it...360k and beyond...woooooshhhhh...lol @ Mortaro thx bro...I appreciated that...and its funny im English from the usa...the game is based in Germany...hell I should have to hope for my language to get made...right??? crazy isn't it??? Oh Bloodraven, I just want the next stretch-goal for you and all the others ... I speak German, so I don´t need another language, and unfortunately I don´t have a tablet and so I don´t need an Android-Version (or iPad) ... ;) :D Of course I see how bad you all want this and support you :) Why I have to tell you all this ? Nah, I can´t let you chat all alone ... heh heh ... (and I don´t know what else I should write ...) almost 217k will paypal....33k to next goal...which everyone definitely wants bad Hope we reach the $250K goal :) Please guys if your interested in Turn based strategy, give a little support to Worlds of magic KS <url>"play" both games ;D @ DeathKnight....rofl...tired of your own game already....hilarious...that's why you are shipping it with mod tools huh???...lol @ KING Art Games ...as much as I play around....I really hope you the best...this game is going to be pretty cool...thx Hey King Art! Well I'm more looking forward to this, probably because I've been playing Original Sin almost every day now ;-) The cards look nice but I imagine people are primarily here for the actual game. ;) More gameplay videos would be nice. Yay Card game looks nice! Looking forward to it. Thanks for the update, KingArt. @ DeathKnight as you can see that's all I do...talking to myself trying to pump this game up...lol....also playing with the devs also...and they heard me...lol btw deathknight is the great producer over @divinity original sin...go check out that kickstarter here <url>"Battle Worlds Academy" video? Glad to hear that you're working on an update. More information (especially videos) the better. ;) there you are...cool @Vortex im hoping too...if people stop dropping out we may get it. Hoping we can reach 350k but I doubt its happening unless we get a mad rush or unless the update teases the new race :P yeah we are going to hit 205k for the umpteenth time since yesterday...unreal...we will make the 250k easy...stay onboard for a bit @ meganothing hahaha whats up Hopefully Jan from KAG won´t kill me, but I (try to :D ) translate a statement by him mentioned in the German bulletin board : "We (KAG) will provide the community with a "Loca-Kit", which is capable of translating text (user-interface, subtitles) into other languages." Maybe that´s interesting for some of you ... I'm excited about this game and the future of this franchise and studio! @bloodraven: KS probably has a special term in its ranking formula so that your postings are divided by 100 ;-) I would help you, but I haven't anything to say. and btw...im lmao everytime someone complains about me posting...that's what makes a campaign on kickstarter successful...not to sit in silence and hope you are heard or seen...that's a joke...lol and btw...ive seen a 20 dollar pledge come in every 30 seconds for the last hour...and drop...ridiculous...this could be so much more if people would chat about this...that's all im saying. and im hoping king art games chats soon cause the pledges are steadily coming in but they leave when they see nothing...sucks really @Mortaro hahaha....I buy good ones , they last years upon years...this one is 2yrs old...lol....someones got to chat here...the tumbleweeds are blowing around over here...lol @ bloodraven43 : My god, how many keyboards do you need each year ? You are typing so much, they should break as fast as you can say "broken" :D Btw: I think 220k (including Paypal) should be more realistic than 230k, but the second stretch-goal should be reachable :) wow...still nothing from king art games...no updates,answers,nothing...insane with 8 days left...I don't get it. @Steve looks interesting but now linux support available ...*gna* @king art games .....hows paypal shaping up??? we at 30k yet??? @ Steve Lockett...oh yeah cool @bloodraven43 currently I'm kicking the tyres on <url>"my kickstarter chat roll is fixed...hooray...have to post for my fans...lol" ALL HAIL THE MIGHTY HYPNO-BLOODRAVEN43! (I trust you're a Futurama fan as well? :) ) @Scott ....hell to be honest,,,i like them all...this indie game is cool as hell... <url>"big" games. Sell one, have 9 pirated copies. There's a blog entry floating around somewhere from the World of Goo guys that is very enlightening. As for "always on" critics, I do understand the sentiment, but I think it's clear that in the near future, everything will indeed be "always on". It's the forseeable trajectory of progress. As such, it's usually both frightening and exciting. But still inevitable. Good thing we can still have those glorious boxes offered to us, like in the higher reward tiers around this and other great kickstarter projects. ;) Christian, it's never easy, not even on STEAM, to sell 10.000 copies. It takes a lot of effort, and a lot of things going right. Especially for indies. And for being paid upfront through kickstarter: look again at the project page. Last time I looked, King ART put lots of their own cash into the game, and this kickstarter's funds are meant to complete production, not recoup own investments. So I guess, we should spread the word some more, and don't stop once the campaign is over. KingArt will probably still need to move some serious inventory world-wide to get to a point where they are actually starting to make a profit with this game and put money in future self-funded projects. So..... tell your neighbors and your pets. And your neighbor's pets. Also, tell them not to pirate games. It's so last century. Piracy shouldn't be a problem here: First the developers got the money before the start to work. They don't have such a big need to refinance trough sells. Second the amount of invest isn't that high. BW:K starts with an investment of 200K. With 10000 sold units (at 20$) they got on the "green side". And this is easily reachable, especial through platforms like steam All indi-dev reports i read, don't take piracy into big account... The Problem i have with AAA titles isn't about DRM, its about the "feeling" in the game. First time this comes up was with MassEffect. Part One cough me by surprise. I played it short after my study end, during my first vocations ... i need less than three days to got through (first run) :D i stop counting how often i play through the game. The Second part had a terrible story and freaking end and a "consolied" gameplay. The third part, i've don't even played... Same with Dragon Age 2, first part was great. I could fill this list. Even titles like Dishonored don't get me to start them twice... but then i start a Indi-Game like FTL or Frozen Synapse... Bad graphic, no story, but i played them all along :) @Scott Agree in all points! That being said, Bioshock Infinite is definitely the best gaming experience I've had since . . . *turns and walks briskly away* I'm totally hooked on indie gaming over the AAA titles, nowadays. Indie games have heart. Originality. Boldness. All of the big names of late are formulaic, lackluster, and that whole "internet connection required" thing? Extremely Annoying. Blizzard of problems. @Mario Malnar For indie titles piracy is just a minor problem, I think. The numbers say they are pirated as hell, but I think the sales are not influenced that much by piracy because the ones that have enough money to get them a copy will always do so. You are never let down by indie developers as you are by the big publishers and studios because the expectations in an indie game are never that high, so an indie game is always worth its money. For my part I can say that if I had a pirated indie game and I play it more than one hour I would always buy it. (And I do get a lot pirated stuff in my hands due to my current schooling in informatics and the people I get to know there) A DRM free game shows the trust a company has in the gamers to buy stuff they like. I as a gamer, appreciate that very much. If a publisher does the opposite like a forced online mode (No companies mentioned here ^^) the gamers are angry and try to get it pirated. If there is a multiplayer mode in a game, which is not crackable every pirate that loves the game will nearly always buy it. In conclusion I can say that I am sure that, _IF_ the game sells worse than expected it is not due to piracy alone. I support the idea of DRM free games and I think it is the best way to go for a company, which has no reliable way to prevent piracy. (Sorry for every typo or grammar mistake, english is not my first language) probably around 215k atm with paypal i would guess,so still 35k to go... 250k,250k,250k,make it happen guys! @king art games.....what's the paypal total today???? is anybody out there???...lol Please god, let they hit the 250K mark at least, I need it on ipad.... and mp being between platforms is crazy!!!! How will you finance the server if the game is bought as is? Looking out for illegal copies on MP will be a problem (one game closed due to this). Good luck! its going well today ... hopefully we hit the 3k @Steve Lockett....hahaha.....dude my chat roll is broken...hope they fix it soon @bloodraven43 - did you run out of java, buddy? Only two posts in five hours... have you been indulging in that thing called "sleep", again? :) @king art games.....what's the paypal total today???? @gweret: I certainly do not blame them, least of all for beeing realisitc :-) - they owe me nothing (well, the game when it's ready...) and it is of course their right to manage their KS Campaign however they like. It is clear to me that you can't promise *those* stretch goals for less money, but it would have been perfectly feasible to split the first stretch goal in smaller goals and invent some minor things, that are not costly on the way to the second. But it makes no sense really to dicuss this in more detail now, as it is already late in the campaign and they made their decisions. By any means one can see even now that this qualifies as a successfull Kickstarter Campaign. Could it have been more successful? Probably. Does it matter? Not really. It will be a nice game as it is. there was 10k on paypal 5-8 days before, so maybe we are at about 13-15k at the moment... the last 48 hrs of a ks campaign is always great...we might do well there is at least ~10k in paypal so we need around 4k per day. Regarding stretch goals. Keep in mind they can not implement something if they are not able to afford it. Trust and knowing upfront what can you do is more important than false promises. You can not blame them for being realistic. So roundabout 5.000$ per day are needed to reach at least the second stretch goal. On Kicktraq the average of the last ten days was well below that. Of course there will be a surge at the end of the campaign but I'm not 100% sure if the 250k-goal will be reached, I am 100% sure however that the 360k goal will not be reached. I think this could be a learning point for King Art Games on how to plan and implement future KS-Campaigns. As different people have pointed out already in the forums (including me) there should have been smaller stretches between the goals, more incentives to keep backers going and attract new ones. Basically I think at the end of the campaign King Art Games will have waived money they could have raised by looking at how other campaigns did this on KS. Anyhow, the funding goal is well reached, so let's look forward to the product when it's ready. I'm sure it will be a highlight in the TB strategy field. I was going to ask why people ask that question when I used PayPal via Amazon but if there's a separate PayPal account for King Arts Games then it makes sense :) how is the actual paypal balance? any information? need some more $$$ :) gogo ! - my nexus wants to play some bw:k :p @OOoE: regard to other campaign the last 1/4 till 1/3 of the final pledge level is gained in the last 3 days. so there can be a big hump ... maybe kingart split and rearrange the last goal(don't know what is more expensive, the conquer mode or the new faction) but this would make smaller steps ... and maybe we get the digital addon for the physical rewards :) i'am still waiting for it (and for the pledge amount to add to get the models/figures) so there is still some potential :) Any progress on that card game update? Scott: If you *really* want to go all-in for Linux, check out the $75 tier... you get TWO adventure games for Linux (both are good, you can read reviews on various adventure gaming sites... but best of all, check out Rock, Paper, Shotgun's coverage of them both... and those guys rarely say nice things about adventure games!), and pre-order two games for Linux; this one, and their next adventure game, The Raven! The trailer is pretty endearing... the story is about a legendary cat burglar known only as "The Raven" :-) Then again, an RPG & RTS-playing, Linux-using, graphic adventure game fan is a pretty weird breed for me to count myself a part of... Is there any economy in the game??? If not is there a point system for assigning staring units? If not is all of that simply set for you on a per mission basis? Sorry if I am missing something already talked about, but I haven't seen it anywhere. @Scott You're welcome. :) <url>"Warhammer 40 fan/player..." yes, not having edit button is a pain... :) @bloodraven43 - with a handle like that, you're not a Warhammer 40k, are you, or is it some obscure heavy metal band :) ? I think maybe if we talked up what we're looking forward to with our pledges in the extras, that'd generate interest. I started out looking at the Squad Leader pack but actually wanted three alpha access keys to give my out-of-work sons some expierence at the front end of gaming.... so I kinda threw more money into my pledge than I first thought. I figured I hadn't bought any PS3 games or Wii U in a long while and given my past average spend, I'm still way under budget with my pledge... that's MY story and I'm sticking to it! Anyway, I'd like to see a little more detail about the models to see if I would throw a little extra $$ for one or two, but then I'm intrigued by the card-game too (already part of my pledge extras) and would like to hear more in case I decided to get a pack each for my sons. @ Byron Millison I am...yeah he doesn't understand about the community...once the chat starts moving, the meets and greets, joining an order buy adding 6 bucks...and some people like to come in and say something....with a dead chat they look and maybe look away. Ehh, ignore him, bloodraven. There's nothing stopping him from posting, too. And a lively chat section encourages involvement. nice almost there and someone told me not to post...lol...it helps the project...post more $1,094 away from $200k. @Christian I still run rings around my twenty-something sons when it comes to the technical nitty gritty. :) @Bloodraven no offense taken the first or second time around :) @Tobi I think both are warranted but it requires a fair amount of time from the devs which they may not have right now regarding comments: i'm still not convinced that comments have an effect on kicktraq (e.g. place 8 in the top ten is new and only has 3 comments). also despite the comment count Kronos is on 10 behind doodle (which has 2 comments all in all) and had only 47 backers yesterday which was the weakest day since the campaign began. so in summary maybe stop the artificial comments increase and i still think new updates that discuss game mechanics etc. are more efficient. @steve: i interpret the "beat frase" in a more intellectual way. If my doughters beet me at some games (even at my favorite) ok thats fine, this happens often... if they throw me out of my own PC and i'am unable to understand why or the have to show me how hardware works (with some smile on there faces) thats the time i choose a new hobby *G* let me just leave this here: <url>"why bother?"......rofl and before you take that the wrong way...what I mean is I love that saying you made up....no edit button is horrible 2-3 more and it 198k Just about to $198k. Only $76 more. @Steve Lockett haha...52 this year and my skill level is still there....but I love that .....skill level is somewhere between "why bother?"......rofl @Christian Kölpin typical age-ist comment you'd expect from somebody under 30..... LOL!! :) I'm 51, have been playing video games on PC and consoles for around 30 years and haven't completely walked away from them. Mind you, you'd think I'd be a great player but because real-life gets in the way, my skill level is somewhere between "why bother?" and "I didn't expect to win that one!" - LOL!!! see ya later got to eat....hopefully when I look tonight its over 200k to be honest...he beats the shit out of me now and again...lol...the other sounded better though...lol youre to old - is an phrase for "get out of my way.......yeah it does...he thinks he badass...lol...he hasn't a clue what life is about yet...he will...lol beat the master ..never....maybe if I become blind...lol. 11 days, $52k to go... I'll be quite disappointed if we fall short by 1k or 2k. This game needs to go mobile. There has to be more to gaming on the move than Angry *expletive* Birds. Something with substance. youre to old - is an phrase for "get out of my way" :D I told my boss, if one of my girls is able to "beat me" at the computer (in the meaning of "being more clever") thats the day i retreat ;) And what to say, they are both on a good way. Unlocking HTC/Appla ore other "slide to unlock" system are no problem for them :) I'm 36 now, and when I'm twice this age, I still won't be too old to play. You show him who's boss, bloodraven43. :) yeah its a deal for me cause ill get to play it on my pc which my son thinks its his btw and he will be on his ipad...its a win win over here. he tells me im too old to game so the pc/360/ps3 is his...he is not big enough to take it from me yet nor will he ever be...lmao yeah I have a 3yr old girl myself and a 16 yr old...we like one at a time...lol just got my son an ipad mini for xmas and hes dying to get his paws on this game...hope it works on the mini too...guess apple is apple. I have 3 girls at home (two below 3 years) thats fare enough female power in my life, i don't need more :D But the good side, my both doughter are realy interested in my old tabled (painting and google earth) this could be a deal *G* but thats all depends on the system requirements of bw:k we choose not to be married...better tax breaks being single at the end of the year...lol @Byron Millison....lmfao...it a whole package deal...nothing on the side ala cart for me...lol @bloodraven43 "hahaha...got one of those myself...girlfriend/wife and kids...lol" And do your girlfriend and wife know about each other? :p yeah I agree need more updates @ Christian Kölpin 7 minutes ago I hope so ... I need a reason to convince my girlfriend/wife that a need a new tablet ;) hahaha...got one of those myself...girlfriend/wife and kids...lol thats annoying, if there is an update, we got easy over 3k per day, today it will be hard to hit the 2k I hope so ... I need a reason to convince my girlfriend/wife that a need a new tablet ;) its only 2500 bucks to breech 200k ....I think we will get it...once it hits over 200k I think the money will start growing here...most people want that pc and ipad version of this game...its like a 2 for 1 deal @Christian....idk todays looking better and better @bloodraven i down think so... at Thursday i think the 200k will be breached at kickstarter. And then the "final run" starts. @Eryn i think a lot of backers just want a good tbs ;) ...and maybe i have a tab by then, i think a lot of the backers are here because of this second strechgoal so we just have to reach it. To be true i rather would see the 3rd strechgoal reached, i have no tablet so no use for the 2nd strechgoal for me :) But hopefully we can buy it later when Kronos sells well. Go go go ! At least the second stretch-goal must be achieved :) Unfortunately, I have to buy a tablet then ... you guys at KAG should have made a pledge for that : "Spend 300$ and get an extra tablet with special Design" :D nice 197k...maybe we will see 200k today Is there a way to get a picture of the cap or the bag that we can get for an update of the pledge? I'd like to see them before raise my pledge... @Luca We sure should keep that in mind! Anyway, moving back to the subject at hand (the game, that is), I'm really looking forward to this. The last really good TBS games I played were the old Warhammer 40k games, Chaos Gate and Rites of War. Of course, those were strictly squad-based games, not full on war campaigns (as this appears to be). Still, I have high-hopes for this. Now I see it up at the top. I was strictly looking at your logo under the totals. Ah, gotcha. Whoa, I just looked over and realized the KAG is based in Boston. Has any of the chaos from yesterday begun to settle down? @Freisatz You got a squad too? When the game is released, we can make a squad-battle =) @KING Art Games What about saving the shipping costs if I pick the packet up in Bremen? Already asked it in german, but I didn't get an answer @Freisatz Thanks for the input. The Book of Unwritten Tales is definitely the one to go for. Not because it is better (which it is) but because it feels more like a self-contained story and introduces the scenario and characters. Actually, I have two friends who played the Book of unwritten Tales and both recommended the game. But neither of them played Critter Chronicles. Anyone here played the the latter one? That's a good question. I also have 45$ tier and did not decide yet. So maybe somebody can help. Ok, so I just did the $45 tier (found out about you guys from Larian Studios, Divinity: Original Sin devs). So, I'm not familiar with either Book of Unwritten Tales or Critter Chronicles. Which do you suggest? I'm leaning towards the former, but wanted feedback from those who have played them. @KingArt: i get the the feeling you ignoring my beg for the unit-figure add-on :D Thats right. The last days are usually stronger. But last time it was asked for paypal was under 5k. So I dont know maybe its now about 10k. means still that'll be a close race to 250k. And last time we had more than 4k in pledges per day is 12days ago. since then there only were mid 2k. And thats much to little. So I hope to see those pledge goals reached, but time is running out. We need more chatter @KingArt don't forget the questions in your update comments Hello, Are there resources as pictures, kits etc to create fan sites ? @L Radke 4k per day would be enough to reach the stretch goal, dont forget the paypal money :) @Luca The squadleading kind ;-) Btw, thumbs up for that we-support-any-platform-policy. And will there be another academy video? I like those. Well, or "The Raven", as I've just read in the "Bonus Reward King Art Complete Pack) You asked for what we would like to have added as "Add-On Reward". Well, I think it would be great if you could add a digital copy of "The Book of Unwritten Tales" or "The Critter Chronicles" or both, as an add-on possibilty for another few bucks. This would make my $ 20 go to 25 - 35. make that 4 make that 3...lol slowed down again...awe...we got two more backers since I last looked anyways @Marco Rosenberg Yeah, I figured that King Arts would have contacted most of that list but I also figured that it was better to post it in case there were a few who'd been missed :) Good luck with that and great news about the pledge-boost goodies! Looking forward to hearing more about the card game too. ;-) @Luca and Freisatz: Nice to get support from the home front. ^_^ @Freisatz Even then? What kind of bremer are you? :D (I wrote my opinion of them being in Bremen somewhere down there too xD) ...and I'm not just saying that because I live in Bremen. I even might have backed this if KingArt was from Hamburg, after all. Hi. I'm new in town. Couldn't resist. Awesome campaign, this is. I would LOVE to see the World Conquer Mode! Hopefully we can get a DLC oder an Addon later on when the game is released with the gamemode ^^ Hope dies last, right? @ L Radke we just need an awesome 48 hrs at the end...hopefully we will hit the 360k at that time. But to reach 250k in 12 days we need more than 4k per day... almost 2800k so far might be a great day....id say we reach over 200k today without paypal There they are: Extras. And I would like to have a cool T-Shirt. Something stylish in the front and a nice simple writing of the games name in line on the back. And of course in black. 195,500 k almost...we have some life finally Updating on what exactly the card game is like might help...or at least be interesting. Now that I think about it the next academy video should be soon. I wonder what they're going to show off next? * have I also habe the feeling hat the stretchgoals are quit big jumps with nothing in between to lure Nord backers in yeah posting that paypal number helps a lot...brings more people around What about about an update about the paypal-pledges twice or thrice a day. This would also increase the rate of our comments :-) yeah...195k...now we are cooking with gas...hopefully we will be in the 200,000 k tomarrow this campain still needs more stretch goals. KING Art, don't you have any plans for units or special maps that you haven't build in yet? nice to see the addon option available now. @Steve Lockett: Thanks for all the tips! We already contacted a lot of them, but there are also some new ones in the lists. We'll try to contact them as well. :) @ meganothing but you found it lost little weresheep....baaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh....lol Eryn: On the other hand many backers don't search kickstarter frequently (at least I don't) and find and back small projects only while such a big and widely publicized project is happening. A big problem for a lot of KS campains is the strong money drain of big projects like Torment post and they will come...and then 360k is easy and more hidden stretch's are in the bag...kicktraq top ten works and brings people in and I should also point out that BW: K is [b]already[/b] a successful kick-starter, but like many other backers, I'd like to see all stretch targets met, - the next one should be in the bag but for the last one, we - yes that's all of us - need to get word of this game out there. P.S. I made three posts after all.... Sorry guys, I could have split that one post into three... oops.... :) Hopefully some words of advice on how to make a successful Kick-starter, courtesy of Nintendo Enthusiast site - without whom I never would have found Battle Worlds: Kronos. Menashe, Editor-In-Chief, nintendoenthusiast.com (full article at <url>’re willing to report on it: Venturebeat/Gamesbeat Gamesradar Kotaku Joystiq Gameinformer Shacknews Eurogamer Destructoid Escapist Magazine VG247 Videogamer.com Gamezone.com PC Gamer Gamasutra Polygon C) Finally, there are a ton of Youtube channels that cover indie games and Kickstarters. Youtube channels are a very powerful source of exposure on the internet. You can contact these “indie”-coverage Youtube channels on this list via your youtube channel: <url>überascht. Schön die lokale Wirtschaft unterstützen zu können und dabei ein sehr geniales Spiel zocken zu dürfen. Viel Glück bei der weiteren Kampagne! Hab dann weiter nachgeschaut was ihr so macht, und gesehen, dass ihr die Murphys Gesetze Flashgames entwickelt habt! Kronos KANN nur gut werden! Kann ich eigentlich den Versand sparen wenn ich das Spiel bei euch abhole? English: Great you are from Bremen! althoughthe comments were not that frequent in the past i still saw Kronos more than once under kicktraq top ten maybe it will get this party started nice number 4 on kicktraq Kronos needs some new press coverage I guess.... Ahhh Settlers 2 that was BlueByte´s masterpiece @Marco: yup keep spamming :D @Radke: BlueByte what a name. Like LucasArts, hereos of my youth. But like LucasArts nearly death. Since they are embedded into the UbiSoft they only use the settler-trademark. Schleichfahrt (aka Archimedian Dynasty) - produced by massive, Incubation, Battle Ilse, History Line,Extreme Assault - all forgotten. That's the Reason why KingArt Games has to revive the genre... I conquered a whole planet/world several times. The last, really funny was Rome. But that's historical setting. I wait so long for a SciFi Setting... Writing more comments surely did help! We went from position 12 to position 4 in a single day! Keep on posting comments, guys! :) Let's keep this going, guys. I'm in love with the idea of asynchronous play. The ability to play anywhere at any time of the day, with anyone in the world gives me chills. Here's hoping KAG can make the $250K stretch and beyond. More options for us can't be a bad thing, right? The last time I conquered a whole planet was in the 90s. Settlers 2 Expansion Pack. That was pretty hard, but I had a lot of time. To my mind it was the best of all the settlers game. It was also from a german studio: BlueByte. They also did Battle Isle and HistoryLine. But I'm sure you all know that. @LC...yep...I figured it was close enough...lol...no edit button sucks....250k is the number @ bloodraven Why 260k? I thought the stretchgoal was at 250k..... I really think this will do better once it gets closer to the 260k goal....then it will fly to the 360k and beyond @Christian oh...that's cool The guys from "Consortium" gave Kronos a shoutout in their latest update (as Battle Isle did for them before): <url>"sorting". Regarding to it's statistic nearly 90% of my mailtraffic is waste an deleted but in minor cases i have to split the "false positive" ... @Andreas: it was my planet from the time, i put a (virtual) feed on the ground, there was only some minor Misunderstandings with my so called "neighbors", i tend to call them victims (especially if they are AIs) regarding to my Frozen Synapse Statistic (47wins/50Loses) i have to train a lot... and the counter goes up... @ Cristian: You have conquered your own planet? Sounds crazy as hell. Hehe. :) @Christian ....I have learned to much I think...its an overload...lol...and in regards to spam in email...mine goes into a spam folder automatically when I get it and I delete it ....easy...yahoo is good for that. The 250 Goal seems reachable, once they got this, the chances god sells on the mobile market increases my the chance, that i can conquer my own planet. Last time I've done this, there was a way to much diplomacy and management (alpha centauri) @bloodraven regarding to the spam in my mail folders, you have to learn a lot ;) @Cristian: Sorry, I'm not so much into games. Crazy thought. ;) But maybe someone else? @ L Radke: Never Give Up - Never Surrender @ L Radke have faith their are plenty of days left to make 60 grand @KingArt: I did read, that you'll do the third stretchgoal anyway, if the game sells well. How about the secaond stretch goal, if that isn't reached? im trying to spam this board...lol @Andreas: We are on the run .. a little more chatter and we are back in the top 10... ;) Did anybody know good spammers :D To shorten the time till alpha-test-phase, i'm currently playing battle ilse 4 and incubation. anyone interested? @KingArt: will the Linux/Mac version gets its one alpha phase or will you provide "one big testphase" lol Can someone make the counter run faster? Hm, I need a programmer (will pay requested amoun... eh, nothing). @ KING Art Games....yeah swens a cool guy...gave you guys a shout out in his 13th update....a really nice one @KingArt the your friends from larian doing it the way you mentioned. They offer some extras with a given "price" you have to add to your pledge. When the campaign is finished the pledger can determine what he want to get... But I don't know if the extra effort is worth the pledge rise. Larian gets a significant boost the last week this could refer to the update who introduces the extras.... Simple ask them :-) @KING Art Games.......if we don't make stretch......hell yeah...that's awesome to hear.....thx you @ Andreas Kollmann 41 minutes ago How to make the most of Sunny Sundays next year? Play Battle Worlds: Kronos on your iPad. yeah my son wants this really bad for his ipad....we are so close to the next stretch with 2 weeks to go...nice excellent...we are climbing and chatting....over 200k...sweet more comments .... ;) @KingArt: first i like @Christian Kölpin´s idea. and i have another question: will it be possible to up our pledges via paypal after the KS has ended? @KingArt: is there a way to pledge for some special objects separately? For example a digital add on (book of unwritten tales,...) or these "designed figurines"... I don't need a bag or noted in a special section but a signed card or a collectors item I would kill for... :-D How to make the most of Sunny Sundays next year? Play Battle Worlds: Kronos on your iPad. I really want the "conquer the planet"-mode :( So you have to bring it out as a dlc or add-on, otherwise I have to conquer KAG in Bremen (it´s just 300 km away from me :D ) and will cry so loud and long, until you release this mode :) @ KingArt In case the Pledge doesnt reach the AddOn goal.... Do you take into consideration to publish it anyways, but then for some extra money? Or only if people spend money here on kickstarter? @ Marco 10k via paypal? Awesome. :) 50k in almost 2 weeks sound pretty doable.... @LC: only 50k needed, since we also have collected about 10.000$ via Paypal. :) Good to know that all versions (on steam, gog or elswhere) are treated in exactly the same way. Btw. $1 left for 191k. And 59k for tablet fun. :) Yes, let's liven up the discussion! Send us your questions, comment on the trailer and Battle Worlds Academy videos. Make jokes, speculate on the final pledge sum we'll reach in 13 days. Tell us about other great turn-based games that you have played in the last 20 years. Wir müssen also tatsächlich mehr schwätza. ;) @Tobi: The Kicktraq Hot List shows the popularity of a project. Source: <url>"momentum". Regarding to Jan Theysen's Kickstarter diary (unfortunately only in german - <url>"conquer the planet" mode! i thought kicktraq top 10 counts pledges? This user's account has been deleted. I'll chat. Looking forward to this game, haven't seen a well put together strategy game in a while. Also you guys should check out the REvolve controller. Amazing idea just needs support. ive got to go...but you peeps have to chat....please tell them king art games...the more you chat the more you are seen on the top ten at kicktraq here..,.. <url>"...and all its perks" mean for the Major Edition? Will the soundtrack be available in different audio formats (e.g. MP3, FLAC, etc.)? @Buachu: There are already several posts about the game on Reddit. So if anyone wants to help us get more attention, please upvote those posts. If you are interested in the level system of Battle Worlds: Kronos, you can find a post with some comments from one of our programmers at <url>#, it shouldn't be too difficult to make sure it runs on Mono (providing Mac and Linux support). Do you use windows presentation foundation or windows workflow foundation? Please at least give it a try :) @Marcin Czaplicki No panic, take more than a half year until they release. @Marcin: You can see this as well in the pledge-baseline on kicktraq ... hopefully the commentrate increases a litle Great update King Art! :) Nice to hear, thanks for explaining that, I have an idea, maybe you could make a hybrid game, something between hot seats and internet mulitplayer, where (considering 4 player game) 2 (or 3) players would play from one computer and connect with other players (or player) through intnernet. Maybe it wouldn't work with all vs all too well but in 2 vs 2 it would be awsome. Yes, I can be an AI. King Art said so ;-) There are less than 10 posts a day in the last days. King Art should spend some time to reply our doubts and questions. @Marcin: there are currently no detailed Information's who clarifies this exactly. so I understand minimum 4 players at once, maybe more. But is it only 2 vs 2 or can it be as well all vs all or 1 vs 3? @Marcin Czaplicki The game's web-page mentions hot-seat play is available - <url>"older brother", the VIC20, although it could've been any other 6502-based Home Computer of the time, e.g. Apple II, Atari, BBC Micro. The C64's 6510 was 6502-based but had additional addressing lines to switch the BASIC ROM out to enable access to more of the glorious 64k RAM :) resident at the same address. I think the gap between the two goals are to big. Additionaly Larian goes clever way. They added some minor "pledge add-ons" so the users have a reason to add some pledges (to get something signed for example) It´s strange, Kronos is in the kicktraq top ten most of the time but still the pledgerate seems to be somewhat low. Are their no more TBS fans out there? @Steve Lockett Isn't your avatar the CPU from a Commodore 64? Or are you rocking nostalgic about something else . . . ? : ) Will there be a possibility to play hot seats (few people on one computer)? and don't know if it was asked before, how many players (humans of compures) may play in one game? Or is it only 1 vs 1? If it will be possible to play in more players, then will it be possible to choose teams/alliances on the start of a new game? A bit of a latecomer, but hi! This sounds like a great came. :) @Matthias: I grew up in Hilden, right next to Solingen. :) Thanks for the linux support @David Isaac Frohman If you mean the progress bar at the top of the page, the 250k it's the only one there. Scroll down the page about halfway and you'll see the graphics for each stretch target. i want to play this game on my OUYA!!!!! KING Art. could you reply to my question considering when will we get to know which 2 languages where choosen by community to be added thanks to first stretch goal? And the 360 one isn't listed on the main page And it doesn't help that the 250 stretch goal is kinda boring. The 360 one seems nice (an extra faction). But 250 is just more platforms. Sloooooow @KING arts: 64Bit should be ok, see the 5th comment: <url>"stupid questions" (except the "can we both play the map" -question ;)). I simply can't imagine any reason to put DRM on a Content file like a map ore a "unit"-mod. I wasn't aware of the shadowrun - case. But i believe that your are able to transfer your user content via mail even in shadowrun... this isn't that handy like do it via steam but copying files is always possible ... @Christian Kölpin I'm asking this question in regards of Shadowrun: Returns kickstarter project. They have revealed yesterday that user generated content will be available and playable only through Steam. Yes, questions might felt stupid two days ago, but having case of Shadowrun: Returns, I would have explicit answer, just in case. This is how the world come to be with DRM. Regarding map editor, I just want clarify if linux version of the game still gets it. Did not mean to insult anyone but because of the case of Shadowrun: Returns I have to ask stupid questions. @Volker / Herbert: smaller steps would be nice. But imho the porting-work is hardly splitable (regarding to the next goal). If you port to tablets the hard job is to make the interface "touchable" (and usefully..). The step down on the Hardware must be done additionaly but regarding to reports of other developers. If you have a runable linux-based version, the port to any X-nix based OS isn't a great deal. @qweret: some answers to your question are in the pledge-level and comments. Distribution of Maps: While reaching the 170k goal BW:K will get an infrastructure (whatever this means) to distribute your maps. Fileexchange via EMail, P2P or other "personal choices" should be possible as well. I see no reason why DRM should be placed in a Map? Did you know any game with user-generated maps containing DRM? MapEditor is windows only: regarding to KingArt their current development platform is Windows, so their tools are Windows only. Maybe portable, maybe run-able under Mono (cause they are .NET based) maybe run-able through wine. Hopefully there a real 64bit for all platforms, but as far as i know, KingArt games hasn't given any information about this fact. to the question "can we both play the map": no definitely not. bw:k is planned as pretty nice looking screensaver, so no user-interactions are intended :D @king art games: I have a few questions: If I make a map via Map Editor can I sent it (for example by email) to a friend and let him run/play it? Can we both play that map? In other words are these maps DRM-free? Can you guarantee there won't be any non-DRM-free content added/created to the game? If I would like to get Linux version, Do you also plan to give me windows-only Map Editor? Do you plan to release 64 bit Linux version of the game? Thanks for answers @Herbert: Good idea. Maybe 210k goal with limited features. @king art games: maybe you should lay out a finer thread of breadcrumbs (aka stretch goals). 250k is a big stretch to go from 170k - it may discourage backers who think it can't be reached to upgrade their pledges. If you put out more smaller goals with less money in between them you might give the campaign a boost as there will be more often a gratification for the reached goal ("hunting fever"). Is there the possibility to get Alpha-Access as an add-on? I'm also very keen on the android tablet version! Yes, I'm a PC gamer and have two rigs just for gaming (desktop / laptop), but man I find the IPad so easy to break out a quick bit of gaming nearly anywhere. I do hope we hit that goal, but if we don't, I'm still pleased to keep getting more PC Gaming Goodness. need more backers :) - i would be very happy to get an android version \o/ I may be a bit late on this (the end of Torment's campaign distracted me a little...), but it seems that I will, after all, be able to play with those armored trains. Good. I miss armored trains since the glorious days of Battle Isle 2. Now, onwards to the next stretch goal! (the next hill to take, the next battlefield to conquer, the next victory...) @Steve: no problem, especially at this time ;) Hahaha of course! Excuse me as I feel a facepalm coming on... been a long day and it's only 6.55 pm :) @Steve: if someone is able to post here, he has already pledged... @Nigel Don't wait for it to come to GOG, mate. Get in early, save some dollars, help move the total to the tablet stretch, and maybe even help with the testing... unless you're very, very patient ;) So, being DRM free it will most likely be coming to GOG ? @Jason : well I thought i read it from the KS page but I must had been confused with the Divinity KS page which i also backed Is there any chance of some procedural levels of some kind? ╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════╗ If you love classic, single player (with optional co-op), party based and turn based RPGs, then back "Divinity: Original Sin"! The game will be released with a modkit and world editor too. :) <url>╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════╝ They are a German company. Why would you assume french to be in the basic package? I thought french was in basis package. No hungarian language :( Congrats for reaching the first stretch goal! @Maciej First we want a Good New Game, before they sell a Good Old Game ;-) What about GOG version? New backer, quick comment: this is the perfect type of game for tablets. Touch interface should be priority after game is finished. Congrats on reaching your goal! LOL! My luck, I posted a couple of questions on the forum yesterday and found they'd been answered here :) Made a pledge and now I'm just waiting for the alpha :) Found out about this project via an article on Nintendo enthusiast about the Wii U Gamepad. Keep me in mind should you ever want a Wii U version tester :) Congratulation to every one.... it seems we finally we'll see and enjoy this superb game Thanks for mention on Ouya comments - other way will never heard about 'Battle Isle' like game on Android. I agree with you Frederico I would like that too as someone who also owns the other games already a Raven addon would be nice. 170.000 only on KS .... great. + ?? with Paypal.. Looking forward to 250 K stretchgoal..... need a Tablet version :-) Hello. Is there a possibility for you to offer the other games individually as add-ons? I have already bought all your previous games from GOG but would like to have Raven when launched. If you offered it as add-on that would make possible for me to increase my pledge to a higher tier and pledge a bit more to keep Raven as an additional add-on. If you support tablets with the next strech goal, will the touch enhanced Interface also be available on a Windows tablet (probably Windows 8 store)? Or do Windows tablet users just use the regular PC version? Unity for Windows and Windows Phone is still beta though. Thank you for your Linux support. Congrats King Art and to us fans! :) I really hope we get to the next stretch-goal, as I just ordered an Ouya... :) @KING Art Games: I hope you continue your Pay Pal payment option open until you get at least that... ;) Cool, congrats! Now let's do it! :) Ok let's go and get some Wooohoooo! Congratulations! The 250k-stretch-goal is also my favorite goal! Tablets FTW! @King Awesome!! Congratulations!! Let's do it! ;0) Ok. So am I still locked in at the 4 digital copies pledge level because I have to get those or my friends will kick me ;) Will there be a possibility to get Alpha access without changing pledge levels? Would be quite sad if I wouldn't able to join the testing just because I promised my friends to get them a copy as well... O_o And my question whether it is possible to pledge for multiple pledge levels wasn't answered yet. @Steven The $90 pledge is a limited "early-bird" variant of the $100 pledge. Also, in the $100 Digital version you mention Multiple Alphas but in other tiers, you mention only one closed Alpha.. Very confusing.. Some clarity and transparency would be good. So $75 for the Steel box, card game and Alpha, or $90-$100 for digital-only and Alpha. I don't really see the benefit of the $90 one. Your reward tiers are confusing. The digital-only one should be cheaper; I would pay $50 for Digital-only and Alpha. A better deal considering the better Steel Box, Cardgame and Alpha are $75 (seems like an upgrade). @Klaus: regarding to the description on kickstarter, there is at least a map editor (noted as game editor) and in comments is mentioned that mods are possible.... Is this enough to answer your second question? or your first question: there will run lot of water down the river until we got a bw:k. It could be hard to forecast what happens afterwards... @King art games, first question: if we dont reach the 360k goal, do you still plan to release the "conquer the planet" game mode as an later add-on? second question: has the game a map and unit-editor? thanks for the info. @tobi: no, if you look at other projects (divinity : original sin for example) there is nor corresponding gain. So hopefully bw:k got simply more attention... Hopefully it rises to little bit... I love to conquer the whole planet.... woah yesterday was a good day! do you guys really think it was because of torment? @ kingartgames and it goes up. Hopefully the rise of pledges in the last days stay at this level, than your greenlight - campaign reach it goals :) @kingartgames: I have a question about the $140 pledge (Bonus: King Art Complete Alpha Pack). In the description it say it includes the "Digital Alpha Edition" pledge, but later in the "Rewards" section it says it includes only the "Digital Battlekit - Major Edition". Which one of these are correct? @kingartgames Thank you for the response and finger crossed we start to get some of the attention from torment as it is now in the final hour. But from 200 or 220 it is a smaller step to 250 ;-) as from 170 to 250 No, I want exactly this game running on my iPad! Go: 250k!!! Go! We need a 200.000 or 220.000 $ stretch goal. 170k are no problem, 250k i am not sure if people really want the game for tablets. Some Ideas what could be done for 200k / 220k... if it i not extend the production time.... we want the game quick ;-) LC - exactly! i mean to each his own but when all of my favorite games were either discontinued (Crusader, lucasarts adventures) or changed fundamentally in design (battle isle, fallout) i thought "this is it", i'm too old for the games people like these days. and now this (beginning with double fine and wasteland).. i'm sooo happy. and especially since the funding process at kickstarter is much fun in itsself!! i'm so sad that torment is gonna end today, so many nice people. if i were rich i would host kickstarter wrapup parties ;) So many good RPG and strategy games lately, it's just amazing. I'm really looking forward to the new old-school turn-based strategy games like Kronos and Eador. :) Yeah sweet $160k. Looking great over here. ;-) *goes back to lurking* DING. 160.000 hmmm... 8000 upvotes on greenlight and 4553 backers.... that's not bad at all. hopefully those 3500 gamers all have a kickstarter accounts and have put kronos on their watchlist. @ ☜☆RSF☆☞ & meganothing - good article, thx! i have to admit this was the first time i used greenlight although i've been using steam for a year ot two now.. This user's account has been deleted. Is it possible to pledge for more than one pledge level (if I add the amount of the second level to my current pledge amount). Would need to specify what the second pledge level should be in a survey or something. Do you support something like that? I think they will give us a small message from time to time about the paypal numbers. @alex I obviously don't know if KING Art is planning somethin like this but as far as my experience with Kickstarter goes - no not during the KS campaign. I pleged via paypal, but it seems there is no backer account site or anything like that? Will something like that be set up to easily see your pledge and keeping track of it? (even upgrade it?) Can we have some high resolution concept art and wallpapers? And I voted for Kronos on Steam Greenlit of course. This nice project needs some serious public awareness. Perhaps after Torment is over my two other favorites, Kronos and Divinity: Original Sin will get all the attention they deserve! :) The video about combat mechanics in the last update was really good. :) That is why I'm not participating with greenlight. I went there and looked at a few games that were in genres I don't care at all for. Couldn't bring myself to vote for or against them because I simply was the wrong person to ask. Greenlight has to change so that voters have to state which categories they are interested in and then only asked for games in that category @King Art Fair enough. I think i'll still with my digital tier then for now. I prefer digital format, as its much easier to manage you move around a lot like I do :) @Tobi Yeah, I'm pretty confident BW:Kronos will make it to steam but every single vote and favorite right now is super important! So thanks for doing that! ;-) FYI: I believe Gabe Newell (steam co-founder) has un-officially stated that Greenlight hasn't really worked out all that well. It actually used to be easier for game devs to get a game passed on steam (based upon critique from Value vs the "popularity" type thing via Greenlight - the biggest problem being, that people can say "no I won't buy it" but mostly because they just aren't interested in the genre vs not being interested in the particular game). <url>"green Light" before Q3... voted yes and favorited it. is there a way to see how many votes the ame got on steam? @King Awesome, so worst case, assuming that the paypal pledges haven't increased a great deal, we're now inside $10k to that $170k stretch goal. I'd say that's pretty cool. :D Also, I really like how you're presenting the stretch goals on the KS home page. ;-) Finally, I've heard that not just voting on steam, but favoriting it is very important for the success of a greenlight campaign. I don't recall the reasoning behind it, but seen that on a couple of game projects now. So, it might be helpful if you ask us backers to favorite it on steam Greenlight too. Oh, and yes - I've definitely voted yes and favorited it! :D Any chance we will be able to see what the steelbox art will look like before the campaign is done? I'm considering possibly upgrading to a higher pledge to get a physical version but only if I like the box art. Otherwise I will stick with the digital version I have now. Digital is just more convenient these days so I only buy physical versions of games when the box art is really cool. @Thomas Hmm. That's weird but it could be that they got a distributor in those regions who'll localize it. At least that's what Larian over at the D:OS campaign said when they were asked about localized versions. Hopefully it's not a mistake which misleads people coming over from steam. Would be nice to get some clarification at least. Upvoted on Greenlight. I love this project, am super happy it funded, and really hope the money keeps pouring in. On Steam, we can see, that the game will come with English, German, French, Italian and Spanish as available languages. Do you already know the outcome of the user votings? Days before the streach goals are reached? Or is Kickstarter not a needed amount og money, but only a additional sales channel "where you can sell the game Voted on Greenlight, hope it brings many new backers. ^_^ oh and sorry if i sound like a know-it-all (i hate those people) ;) i think this is an excellent campaign and it is easy to give "helpful advice" if you'Re standing on the sidelines in contrast to actually having to manage a kickstarter campaign next to running your regular business. like "do more updates" - "yeah thanks for the advice, we would have never thought of that, dumba**!", right? ;))) i don'T want to drag out this discussion but @Shiroco, you're right about the press. but the press has to have something to report about, which is to say: something *new* to report about. speaking of which, awesome update is awesome :) it will be interesting to see whether steam greenlight will help in getting more backers :) @Casey, Krist2: KING Art already stated that Battle Worlds will be available on GOG :-) @Casey Yeah, I think you put it more eloquently than me. That was more my meaning :) You now what I'd like to see, though I suspect its too complicated to be worth while is the ability to import Battle Island Maps/campaigns from the original discs. So we can play the original games in a prettier format. Voted for this on Greenlight. It is another avenue for games might otherwise find it difficult to get onto Steam. Good work King Art Games - this KS is already a success. This user's account has been deleted. Looking forward to this game, and a GOG download would be great. Just love how kickstarter has rejuvenated the PC gaming scene :D This user's account has been deleted. And Interesting screenshot of the "Medusa" Unit over at steam! <url>ölpin: Thx for the link. I'm relatively new to kickstarter and didn't know about kicktraq.com. Now I that I pledged over average - so its not my fault if the campaign wouldn't reach stretch goals. 5k $ in Paypal don't seem to save the day. But a Steam campaign could help alot. @King Art: Greenlight is good idea. :) @L Radke: regarding to kicktraq we have fulminant start but the last days was continuously under 4000 ( www.kicktraq.com/projects/kingartgames/battle-worlds-kronos-turn-based-strategy-revisited/#chart-daily) I want to fight the whole plant, but currently it doesn't seams reachable. So let put our money together and maybe king art games introduce a 100k reward :-D Hopefully the PayPal pledges rise a noticeable amount... Awesome - we just hit past $150k!! Are we able to see the paypal pledge totals anywhere? I'm just curious about how close we are to the $170k stretch goal. :D @KING Art Games - Congratulations again on funding and no doubt, we'll be reaching at least that first stretch goal... hopefully, really really soon, if not already. ;-) Just thought that perhaps the paypal link on the KS Home page might be better served by an image of the paypal button? You could even put up two separate buttons, one distinctly for Euro backers, and another for the Rest of the World. :D 4000$ per day needed to reach the second goal vs. 10.000$ per day until now. Is there a backing history to see that proposed decline in backing? I really would love to play that on my android tablet (even more than playing with rail-bound units!). But I simply cannot back the remaing 100k on my own. So go on and spread the word, dudes!!! Congratulation! @Scott: regarding to the current pledgeamount/day (kickstarter only) this will get close... Wenn need mor than 4000$/day to reach the second goal... @King Arts Game: is the pledge level over paypal and co at same level like kickstarter or below? @Andreas: hopefully the whole "Punk" variants gets mere attention (Cyper, Steam, ...) the current AAA-Game Settings are extremely boring Will there be ZOC ( zone of control ) mechanic in the game or do you have no plans for it? hey guys... so kronos is a winner in the current RPS weekly kickstarter catchup: <url>#more-147921 and almost 150k, muahahaha! Hopefully that extra $100k rolls in for the iPad sweetness. 26 days is quite a long time. Hello! Can you provide more info on the card game? Thanks! @Indira: Yeah, after the great nuclear accident 1870 mankind can only survive with strange goggles and spiked masks. The global fight for the last natural resources has only just begun. Choose your side now. - Old-fashioned Future-Rock 'n Roll. :-) @Christian: Maybe, but steampunk will be the next major trend. Lots of Dollar signs in the eyes. ;-) @meganothing: The Age of Steam? I'll wait for it. Meanwhile singing: The old robot is rusting in the rain... and meanwhile playing: Battle Worlds: Kronos. ;-) This really takes me back to playing Battle Isle an History Line 1914-1918 on an Amiga. Good stuff. Great job getting the banner ad on KickTraq! Looks awesome! Hi KING Art Games ! First thanks for your answers. Do you plan to add weather changes on maps, for example ice who change the units moves ? @Christian: Sure, but the setting is the icing on the cake. If Battle Isle works I wouldn't mind a Battle Isle 2: The Age of Steam ;-) @Andreas/Indira: IMHO the setting/story is one of the least factors who influence the success of an tbs-game. It's nice to have but in the end the ruleset/game play counts. I'm currently stuck with Frozen Synapse. The story isn't noticeable, the graphics could run on a calculator, but the game mechanism simply works. I run 3 to 6 games a day and it doesn't get boring. @Andreas: Cool idea! Think something like Dishonored with those tall boys walking around - it would make for a neat setting. :) Very cool game. Ich finde es genial. :-) Have you ever thought about a Steampunk version? With Airships, Oxidizer-Weapons, and Mechanical-Spiders? - But, that would be a totally different game. ;-) I am very happy to support this, The Book of Unwritten Tales was a very good game and I have no doubt that you will do a fine job for Battle Worlds: Kronos as well. I hope you will find many more backers and gain the support you deserve! @Marko Rosenberg: nothing to worry about: -D What I want to say was, there are several was to get .Net Programms working under linux. Some are smooth others are waste of time ;-) In business I'm an .NET Developer while using linux at home (programming and gaming). So if you need a tester, I have some free time to spend. Happy Easter, King Art Games and all fine folks here! :) @KING Art Games Ok so back to my original question, will there be factions leader or any other story characters have (special) units represent them on the map? In the later battle isle games 2+3 i think you could have some special units which you could always reuse when they survived. I personally love SRPGs. I am well aware that you are not building such a game. I've seen that you can level up your units. I warsong you play large armys, but the leaders of a troop gets xp and levels up "more" then the units in battle isle for example. Anyways i am getting off topic. Question was "Special Characters" with "Special Units" available to command on the map? Started replaying History line a while ago, but by modern standards the controls are atrocious... Is there any chance the original Battle Isle Campaigns (or even those of HL1914-18) will be available as an extra? Maybe an additional stretch goal? The gameplay seems similar enough for it to work. Are there copyright problems? Or will it be possible to recreate them using the map editor? @Christian: I am not a programmer, so I have no idea what you're talking about. :D If anybody here is a fan of turn based and party based RPGs, then back Larian's Divinity: Original Sin! <url>"fixed" mapping-labrarie there is a good chance we can reimplement the gui... Before we forget: On behalf of the whole KING Art team I wish each and everyone of our backers Happy Easter! :D Have fun with your hunt for the eggs, no matter if it's turn-based or real-time. ;) About the editor: 1) It should run under wine with small effort, it should be tested though by King Art 2) Publishing the source code would probably help a lot in creating a linux editor, if enough interest is there. 3) King Art should clearly and highly visible indicate that the editor they advertise on the KS front page will not be available in the linux version, otherwise they will get a shit storm after distributing the game to backers. C# is not linux friendly.... @KING ART GAMES I have made small investigation, there is: <url>ück to Bremen bike tour? Now I did. @curu - thx for the info! i guess i'll have to read that one again! Razza, good question. in the academy video you can see an infantry-bot and it looks like only one dude / bot. i could imagine that there won't be any real infantry because of the "Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons" (BPjM) and fear of banning of the game (command and conquer was changed back in the days, all infantry was turned into robots because they feared the game would be banned) - although i think those restricions have loosened up a bit by now. but anyway, what caught my eyes was that every unit so far had only one vehicle and not two or three or so like in other games. its probably been mentioned somewhere and i just missed it ... but does anyone know whether the game will feature infantry (and if so, whethers its gonna be 1 single dude or a small unit on screen like in say Panzer Corps ) or just vehicles ? @Tobi : it's from this itw <url>"Battle for Wesnoth" provide *update* Gah! For some reason Battle World: Kronos and TToN always provide at exactly the same bloody times. My brain always freeze for ages while I deliberate on which update to see first - all the whilst wasting my time and seeing neither update! Using a coin to resolve dilemma going forward. Yay, an update! I'm going to Watch the video right away! :) And happy Easter, KING art!! Looks nice, I'm suprised this game didn't get more backup yet. One question. I'm not very similar with turn based strategies (except for civilisation or heroes) How does making turn look like? I mean other things than fight like building our facilities and so on. It would great if Addons would be added for pleding. For example like each of the King Art Games in Digital Version like The Raven and also physical add ons which are new like a Printed strategy guide. Hi, will you use metal music in the soundtrack ? New ingame scenes? Cant' wait.... :) KING ART GAMES for those of you that don't have a clue and think sunday is about a fkin bunny and eggs...check this out resurrection of Jesus Christ is what EASTER is all about GIVE THESE GUYS A BREAK...damn we already crucified Christ...lets not do this to them...lol...go spend time with your families...cheers you guys have a great and enjoyable easter sunday We're working hard on an update, Indira. I did never think I'd have to resort to this, but here you go, KING Art! ;) <url>"A little overweight boy on a bike arrives on the scene, waits, waits some more, looks around, then talks to the empty air:" Uncle Lightfoot isn't here, but he surely would have said "130.000 shiny coins. Yipee" "Nearly tripping over his own feet he mounts his bike again and quickly pedals into the sunset" after paypal as option on your site... I think...you need a total $ and Backer counter for KS and Paypal pledges on your site !!?? I can't find it... ...to see how much is the total from both / (for the next 31 days) thanks @King Art - thx for the info, i'm thrilled! No, @carsten, tablet verisons are awesome! This user's account has been deleted. Carsten, ich finde Stretchgoal #2 interessanter als #3. Nicht jeder hat dieselben Vorlieben. tach KINGarties, Ich weiß nicht, ob die stretchgoals so glücklich gewählt sind?! imho ein recht überflüssiger und sinnfreier punkt #2 für kickstarter. Dafür ein deutlich interessanterer (weil mehr content!) auf der #3. Die strechgoals 2 und 3 auszutauschen bzw anpassen wäre vielleicht die richtige wahl!!! (weil bei angenommener gleichbleibender pledgerate in den nächsten 30 tagen (+3000 pro tag) nichtmal das 2. ziel erreicht werden wird) - das bringt mich zum nächsten punkt - rührt mehr die werbetrommel!! zeigt attraktive updates!! orientiert euch doch mehr an erfolgreichen kampagnen wie projekt eternity oder aktuell torment. auf das ihr mehr backer aquiriert :) go go go. und mal ne frage zum schluss. wenn battle worlds kronos fertiggestellt ist, wäre es dann mit der engine und den dann vorhandenen tools möglich/einfach/oder sogar schon angedacht - ein turn based FANTASY strategie spiel zu produzieren? eben final fantasy tactics oder fire emblem - statt advanced wars ??? @S.D. that's a good question. Me wants to know too. @King ART: Slightly off-topic, but I'm curious to know if you'll be developing The Raven for Linux as well as Win/Mac? I'd like to go spread the word to a few far corners of the Linux community, and if the answer is yes, then the $75 tier could be a good way for other Linux gamers (who enjoys both genres, like me) to pick up four awesome Linux games as well as support this game and your company. Thanks! Very bad month for my budget....but good month for gamers! :) First Torment, then Kronos and now Divinity: Orginal Sin...... Hey look, one of the $25 digital early bird tiers is open... To anyone sitting on the fence ... go snap it up! Trains here we come :D, I also hope to see some weather conditions. Ingame.... not like the second winter we have here..... Finally another turn based strat game. A few questions: 1) Has there been said something about whether LAN play will be possible? Would be super sweet to play this in local networks without interwebs access. :D Sorry if I missed that. But am curious to know! 2) Will there be replay functionality? I think replays are important to generate hype for a game. StarCraft 2 is getting much attention because you can watch replays of that game on YouTube. I hereby vote for replay features! :D Thanks! guys, has there been any info on map sizes yet? I’m too lazy to check out all comments. like will they be bigger than BI2? I sure hope so, I loooove big, epic battles… as a suggestion to @KING Art Games – it would be great if you could put answered questions and additional info in the FAQ on the main page, like terrain effects, map size and so on. maybe answer those questions in the upcoming updates and then put them in the FAQ. have I mentioned that we want more updates  also, then you might get more media coverage, right? …you have to give them something to report… @ Moonsong Just click on "Manage your pledge", it's an easy to understand system. At KS the donation is funded right after the campaign has ended so atm you only claimed to donate a certain amount. You can change that amount as you wish until the end of the campaign. ;) I really hope you make it to the $ 250k, as I'd really love to see this game on my android tablet. Also... can I "add" to my initial backup for the newly stated rewards, or do I need to donate the whole amount again? @ Indira Nice.... :) I read that as Pandamonicon for some reason.... @Mibuokami: *Immediately starts flipping though Pandemonicon, trying to rectify a horrendous mistake of summoning something truly unmentionable, an abomination all in itself.* The lack of an edit button is very siappointing we go on a quest* Curse kickstarter's lack of edit! @Thomas Jahn But where is the receding hairline?? Oh well I guess it's close... just... wear an open chested shirt and make yourself more scruffy. Next episode with go on a quest to obtain the pendant of KING! Indira: Shush! The demons will come! @LC: I fixed that for ya: @ King Art It would be very cool if you could make a longer TAIL, combining the pitch video and the cinematic teaser. That could really appeal to people which are not aware of that project now because it would present gameplay, vision, concept and cinematic atmosphere. :) @ Indira - I think it would be possible to infer that but I would never imply it :) @ King Art It would be very cool if you could make a longer trailer, combining the pitch video and the cinematic teaser. That could really appeal to people which are not aware of that project now because it would present gameplay, vision, concept and cinematic atmosphere. :) @Kevin: I see what you did there. Are you in fact implying that RG's pony tail is sleezy and unkempt? ;) or even exclude you! @Thomas - sorry to siappoint but having a decent ponytail would probably excluce you ;) @ Thomas Stretch goal number four: a world tour for the dev team around the world.... :P @Thomas Jahn: Buy a whole bunch of tickets already, and hurry! :D @Mibuokami: Being the only King Art employee with a decent pony tail I fully support your idea. Especially the travel around the world part. *Riding in on the froth of a wave of divine happiness* "Splash! 128,000 dollars!" *With the water dispersing in among the pebbles on the Weser beach, the Joybringer evaporates* This user's account has been deleted. @Mibuokami - hahahaha!! awesome, and +1 for south park reference @ Casey / meganothing: terrain-effects like movement penalties for mountains/forests etc. should be a given, right? sight radius would be fun, like a mountain can block sight of a unit behind it or if you have infanty on a mountain it has +1 sight. also I liked it in some games that tanks had a negative modifier when fighting in forests or cities and infantry had a positive modifier (was it in Civ5?). This user's account has been deleted. @Creator: thanks for the info. I wasn't suggesting attack range to increase though, I did get that your units are balanced through their attack range like chess pieces. I was talking about damage and sight radius (i.e. removing fog of war). But with most units only having attack range 1 it is evident that heights wouldn't have the impact while needing a lot more rules. So yes, height levels don't really fit the game. @King Art Games 1. Grow a ponytail 2. Wear a pendant around your neck of the KING Art logo 3. Go on a blitzkrieg gaming press tour around the world while referring to yourself as Herr Deutsche 4. ?????? 5. Profit. No offense meant to R.G. :P Hi, will there be "hit and run" style units as buggies ? :p It's a bit frustrating that the press coverage arrives only AFTER the project has been fully funded. I wish there was more take up in the earlier days. This project clearly still need additional funding but the concept of gaming press generally only covering the win-more situation is a bit sad. Grr, no edit button: And 127,000 dollars and over 3,500 backers are excellent numbers! Hangover or not, KING Art, you should be proud so far! Now, make to keep up the momentum by adding updates, strech goals, add-ons and one or two new pledge tiers, and do this regularly, then you're in for an even greater success! :) And 127,000 dollars and over 3,500 backers are excellent numbers! Hangover or not, KING Art, you should be proud so far! No, make to keep up the momentum by adding updates, strech goals, add-ons and one or tow new pledge tiers, and do this regularly, then you're in for an even greater success! :) oh and we had a good day yesterday: <url>#chart-daily @LC - thx for the heads up! @Viz - I agree with you. Some gameplay-footage in the teaser-trailer would be awesome - so that it can stand for itsself. now you have to watch the pitch-video too because with only the teaser you don't know what the game is about. the teaser with some actual gameplay at the end (and a reference to the kickstarter campaign) - that would be perfect. Great, Kronos finally got some more coverage on international press :) PC Gamer: <url>"conquer the world" mode a worthy goal and certainly a more interesting development challenge than "write another campaign", it is just not my preferred cup of tea when playing turn based tactical games. (That for some reason or another all get labeled as strategy games, even when the tactical aspects are dominant. Oh, well.) (When I want to conquer the world, I fire up a Paradox Interactive grand strategy game, which allows me to focus on strategy over tactics. :D) @Peter: What if the new faction got its own story arc? That's what I'm hoping for. This user's account has been deleted. @Indira Lightfoot The 350K USD goal doesn't really whet my appetite. A "conquer the world" mode and a new faction just doesn't engender the same interest to me as a well scripted campaign does. The first is usually an excuse for a thin strategic wrapper around skirmish matches against the AI (and I don't particularly like playing skirmish matches), and the second, while interesting, is again not all that high on my list of priorities when looking for games. I realize that there are many players that love playing skirmish matches, but I'm not one of them. Fundamentally... I'm a sucker for a good story (and even a clichéd one, if it is well done) and a set of progressively more challenging scripted campaign maps tied together by such a story. Bonus points for carrying over either a core army or experienced units between campaign scenarios to help maintain the illusion of continuity. Well I downloaded Civ V again to get myself into the turn based mood :) I wish the teaser today had some gameplay footage, would love to see a few minutes! Definitely looking to upgrade my pledge but the few seconds in the first trailer has just left me wanting to see more! @Peter - agreed regarding the difficulty associated with gold/brilliant victories although I did find in both Fantasy Wars and the 5 star series that lesser victories where often harder to achieve - particularly when reserves where called up. Missing a brilliant or gold victory often consigned my forces to the scrapheap of history (where they and I probably belonged). @ LC - Exiled Grand Master of the OOoE What.. the "update is there...."?? this is not the "Big" update... it is only a short clip and a hello we have it.... :-) I am waiting for more !!! @Kevin - Fantasy Wars and Elven Legacy are indeed excellent games. I find the maps a bit on the cramped side, but the developers knew what they were doing when they transplanted the 5 star gameplay and made sure to keep the difficulty level: Brilliant/Gold victories are *supposed* to be hard fought! :) @king-art: You already said that terrain will play a role in how far a unit can move, for example more on roads, not at all in a forest. But what about elevation? Do you see farther and hit harder from a higher spot? I ask because it seems a perfect method to provide variety to maps (especially with a flood of player-generated maps in the future). If not for Kronos, then at least put it onto the to-do list for an expansion or Kronos2 Also, if anyone has a copy of PG2 (available on GOG.com for a few bucks - they can go to this fan website <url>"Post comment" might be a good idea in the future. Then again, somebody serious about promoting this type of gameplay damn well deserves my enthusiasm. @Peter: I get where you are coming from. So yes, as long SP campaigns as possible, KING Art! Then I reckon the third stretch goal ($350,000) would vet your appetite! Battle Isle, History Line, 5 star general games... apart from everything else that made them great, they had (by today's standards) absurdly long singleplayer campaigns. As a player who predominantly plays singleplayer games, that is one of the things I miss the most, when today's singleplayer offerings in the strategy world often come with a short campaign and a bunch of skirmish maps, the entire offering intended as a gateway into multiplayer. A single 30h gameplay campaign split in two parts as described in the kickstarter sounds both a) better than most things on offer today, and b) falling woefully short of my dreams. :D ...or would that be short of my nostalgia? Whatever. I *remember* some of those games as taking way more than 30h to play through the campaigns, and that's what matters. Nostalgia is a powerful force. ;-) If against all odds extra stretch goals turn out to be needed, longer campaigns and an extended deadline for development would get my vote and my money. :) Battle Isle, History Line, 5 star general games... apart from everything else that made them great, they had (by today's standards) absurdly long singleplayer campaigns. As a player who predominantly plays singleplayer games, that is one of the things I miss the most, when today's singleplayer offerings in the strategy world often come with a short campaign and a bunch of skirmish maps, the entire offering intended as a gateway into multiplayer. A single 30h gameplay campaign split in two parts as described in the kickstarter sounds both a) better than most things on offer today, and b) falling woefully short of my dreams. :D ...or would that be short of my nostalgia? Whatever. I *remember* some of those games as taking way more than 30h to play through the campaigns, and that's what matters. Nostalgia is a powerful force. ;-) If against all odds extra stretch goals turn out to be needed, longer campaigns and an extended deadline for development would get my vote and my money. :) *De-cloaking* "123,000 dollars is but the humble start of a new era of turn-based gaming. Onwards, to a bright future of never-ending strategic challenges!" *Cloaking* Looks promising. Love me some TB strategy. You rock ! I didn't expect the first goal THAT soon :-D can't wait ! @ High Admiral The update is there already.... ;) Congratulations to all !! we have it..... and now ..... we are waiting for the "Big Update" :-) @ Brian Ah, ok. :) @LC The higher Tier physical games does include digital versions of the game. I was looking for the additional digital perks that comes with the higher Tier digital and higher tier physical. For example The Emperor has the metal boxed edition, card game, key chain, figurine and digital versions of the game. But not the Extra games and other perks of the Digital editions. @King Art Games (@Indira @Brian) I haven't noticed that before but it would be indeed very good to add a digital version to the (higher) boxed versions. Many people don't want to open their boxes because they want to collect them. Also a digital version can be very handy though people like the physical stuff of the boxed versions. So please add a digital version of the game to the (higher) boxed versions. :) @Brian: KING Art will have to confirm this, but in other KS I've been on, it's always okay to pledge on two or more tiers at the same time. You just add money covering those tiers you want, and then you check at least one of those tiers. Later on, KING Art will get in touch with you and confirm what tiers you wanted. :) @Brian You could use the PayPal option on the official website of the game for an additional pledge. @ Bloodraven Thief 4 will get made, I have no doubt. But I have doubts about their policies about DRM, DLCs and stuff like that in the future.... And I fear of games that haven't been anounced yet (especially from Eidos like a new Deus Ex....) Can I pledge two levels? I picked the King Art Complete Alpha Pack (Digital) but would also like to have the Boxed version. There does not seem to be a level that includes the Digital perks and the Physical stuff. @ LC ....im hoping theif 4 gets made...great game but I hope they arnt trying to reinvent the wheel with that game...its fine the way it is @Peter....more is even better...lol What a strange day: Kronos reached its funding goal and Square Enix reported major losses (at least expected)....I fear for Eidos, for Hitman, for Tomb Raider and of course for the new Thief..... And in the end I fear for us customers/fans that they will orient themselves by EA or Blizzard now.... :/ @bloodraven43 I think that is the smallest problem, with the Map-Editor their will be many many Maps build by us all ;-) HEY KING ART GAMES im not a designer just a dumb gamer but I know if you add a random map generator to the sp/mp ,the game would be even better...it would work really well with this game if its possible. I know everything cost money...just a suggestion just like HEROES OF MIGHT AND MAGIC 3 did which made it so replayable, im still playing that wonderful classic today btw very nice teaser there. Let's get us some stretch goals @bloodraven - I agree that the new Tomb Raider was amazing but didn't have that old spark the original games did. It's probably because they wanted to show the transformation of Lara Croft into the badass puzzle solver everyone loves, so I found it more focused on the dark storytelling and creeping around than solving puzzles. And great cinematic trailer, awesome atmosphere! Congrats! You guys really deserve success! :) @ KingArt Will the ingame story be (partially) told with these CGI sequences as shown in the trailer? Creates brilliant atmosphere. Congratulations guys, I played this type of games a long time ago on Amiga, and have really missed something like it. If I could afford it I would pledge Master of the Uniuverse, but I did a King Art Complete Alpha instead. ;-) Not sure if this has been asked before, do you have any plans on letting others run a server so it is not dependent on you hosting the server? Or even make the client a server. Think bitcoin non-centralized network or similar for servers to find each other and create one big world server. So even if a few servers fail, or if you (hopefully not) go out of business, the game will still work. Fingers crossed they reach the 250,000 mark would love me some top quality TBS action on a tablet. If they do reach that, I hope it does not get dumbed down to fit those platforms. Congrats! 32 days more to fill your eh... blank purse(?!?)! Trailer looks very good. congrats ! Congrats guys! Cannot wait for this :) Congratulations on reaching the goal! Spread this teaser trailer, it looks awesome! ;) @Björn Heesemann Thanks for pointing that out, I somehow miss that entire section. This is just one more reason to up my pledge - the Dev heart, soul and livelihood is behind this project! This just went for Cool donate! to 'MY LIFE FOR AIUR'. Next pay day can't come fast enough! @meganothing - hahaha, awesome!! Sim City DLC, lol! I hope not :) nice little flick...this game is going to be sweet. @John Scott...tomb raider was a great game but they could have called it anything really...that's all I was saying.i missed the great puzzles that were mind blowing in the past tomb raiders. wooohooo, glückwunsch! now, more updates please! (von nix kommt nix) -> you should try to keep the momentum! so looking forward to this :) Dang, cannot see the teaser trailer at work, and seems I cannot find it on the phone's YouTube app either. I'll have to wait til I get home... woohoo...made the first goal...onto 1 million we go @Mibuokami: 120k is just 1/3. There are about 240k from the studio itself. Check "Is The Budget Big Enough To Make A Great Game?" at the front page. Congratulations! Well done! OMG You are fitting CG into that budget too? How are you guys doing this??? I Love you guys :D *FUNDED* Now King Art Games will drop their mask and reveal that they are really EA and this money will go to fund a LDC for Sim City 5 to add *real* multiplayer features and an add campaing with the slogan "Do not pull the network cord, it will make you go blind". They will fervently but unconvincingly refute rumors that they are aliens from Mars who want our water, at least $120.000 worth of it. And their update will talk extensively about a stretch goal to port Kronos to mp3-players and smart-waffle-irons, the last to implement a new hot-seat feature. NOT Loved the teaser-trailer! It almost had that Civilization V-feel, a mix between Bismarck and Washington, and then the armada shoots off... Great! :) 120k with 32 days to go - impressive! Herzliche Gratulation aus der Schweiz. congrats - and thanks for the nice teaser-trailer. You did it!! Oh yeah we rock ! YAY Congratulations! I loved Battle Isle and especially History Line... Battle Worlds will be great! I am amazed at how little this kickstarter actually want to create this lovely game. From the photo of the dev team, this is 20 person group that has already managed to produce a working alpha build of a spectacular looking game and they want a measly $120k to complete everything? WOW- just WOW, I mean if you remove all the cost associated with manufacturing and the actual cost of running this kickstarter you're probably looking at $5000 per head. That's less that 2 months of salary top! This must truly be a labour of love, and good god do you guys DESERVE more. Please wait until the end of the Torment kickstarter, I will definitely up my pledge! Wow, this game looks excellent AND it's turn-based? Nice :D Come on, people, keep investing! I want to play with those armored trains, as in the glorious days of BI2! OH! Keep spreading the word, guys. If we can double the funding between now and a month from now, we can play this thing on our tablets!!!!!!! (Really?! Free for backers!??) The update should drop any minute now! If we are lucky, we'll see a few stretch goals squeezed in between those three that already are on the table, a few juicy add-ons and a picture of the happy KING Art team. :) Yes!!! I am so looking forward to playing this game! Thank you King Art for the vision and the guts to put this together, and thanks to all the fellow rabid KS fans who knew a good thing when they saw it! And now, uh, 32 days worth of icing. STREEEEETCH GOALS! 3,333 backers! Now that's a lucky number! :) Wow, goal achieved after 8 days, congratulations :) Now looking for the next one, wish you all the best @carsten: I couldn't help it. I peeked into which project you've backed, and you sir have impeccable taste. That 's basically my list of games I'll be playing in 2013 and 2014 right there! A real connoiseur! @Thomas E. Link or it didn't happen! :) That implies that 8 of my funded project would never see the light. And I'm pretty sure all of them will make it. (already have 2 of them on my Steam account) I'm pretty sure there was a misunderstanding, because if there would be a 70% fail chance for funded projects KS would have never become so popular. (the money of the funders is gone after the KS ended successfully and there would be many complaints from customers if they don't receive the product) @ Indira Lightfoot Obsidian Order Apex ;) @Thomas E: Alright, that was what I thought at first, so I was right all along! I just gouldn't wrap my head around your "cheerful" remark at very moment of Battle Worlds getting funded, but certain Roman emperors had a slave who whispered remarks that made the Caesar come down to earth during triumph displays and such. ;) This seems dubious data to me. Linky? I don´t mean the sucsess of raising the money. I mean the sucsess rate of building the game after funding. And I have read somewhre, that this rate is only 30% of all fundet projects. That means, that normaly, all the money oft the bakers get lost. @KING Art: With this apparent level of interest I'd be mighty surprised if you don't get the game in on Steam, where it would fit like a glove. :) You can count one up for a successful project now ;) Yay! Congratz! Now about that update...? ;) @carsten: A very rough translation: "Let's see some updates already! Stir the pot, otherwise the brew goes stale and nothing is gained. Congratz for reaching your KS goal. I'm happy to get the game! UPDATES!" Yippie!! Greetings to Bremen! Congratulations on reaching the funding goal. he bringt mal endlich updates - und rührt die werbetrommel. von nichts kommt nichts - das könnte noch viel mehr werden. ihr erreicht irgendwie noch nicht die KS community. aber schon mal Glückwunsch zum erreichen eures KS ziel. ich freu mich aufs spiel! ps. UPDATES! ;) For reference: <url>"Success of any kind on Kickstarter game projects is uncommon, actually; Bidaux said only 30 percent reached their funding goals last year." Interesting read! @True: Now that made a lot more sense, thanks for pointing that out. It is already one of the 30% successful projects that get funded. =) The numbers you have don't refer the funded projects but the projects made available on KS. :) @Thomas: A quick-n-dirty translation: "Another successfully crowd-funded project. 100,000 euro for a game that doesn't exist. Fingers crossed that it doesn't end up like those 30 % of the projects that go bankrupt." So, da haben wir euch mit jeder Menge Vorschuss-Loorbeeren ausgestattet. € 100.000 für ein nicht mal exestierendes Spiel. Dann drücken wir euch mal die Daumen, das es eines der 30% erfolgreichen Projekte wird und nicht in der Insolvenz endet... ...and i noticed a lot of Torment and Project Eternity backers here :-) ... nice to see you here again. Funding is done. Good. Onwards to the first Stretch, then! @king art: so its time for update 3 ... Congrats for the funding! Bruce Lee language: BAM!!! YAY!!! Congrats!! Glückwunsch :) Uh Baby! Congratulations! Now for strech goals! Ancient Stone Age language: Yabba Dabba Doo! @Thomas H: Tell me about it! :D I made a post, happy that it had passed 118,000, and then Blam! I had to correct my "ninja announcement". I'm so happy for KING Art's sake and especially our sakes, coz we get to play the game soon! Now the promised update please... *prettyplease* :-) Congratulations! yes we made it :-) ... congratulations... there must be a 2000$ pledge in the last 5 minutes Done, nice work ... IT'S FUNDED! Phew, that was fast! :) CORRECTION POST: AND YEEEEESSSS!!! :D *Three sacred trumpets are raised in unison. Soon thereafter, the ensuing cacophony reverberates trough the cracks and crevices of the ominous Wall of Ignorance, and then the wall comes crumbling down. Then, out of the dust cloud and the debris, a certain Critter merrily skips and chatters* "Love, hate, friendship, seduction, danger, violence, action, excitement, pain, grace, compassion, spite, trust, dance, battle... So many words! Anyone ever listen? Hello?" "Support this game! It's as simple as that. Will this ever stop? Well, I hope not. 120,000 dollars. Keep the funds coming!" *After that, without a fuzz, or rather, with a lot of fuzz, Critter is swept away, leaving what could be mistaken for broom-marks in the dirt.* *Three sacred trumpets are raised in unison. Soon thereafter, the ensuing cacophony reverberates trough the cracks and crevices of the ominous Wall of Ignorance, and then the wall comes crumbling down. Then, out of the dust cloud and the debris, a certain Critter merrily skips and chatters* "Love, hate, friendship, seduction, danger, violence, action, excitement, pain, grace, compassion, spite, trust, dance, battle... So many words! Anyone ever listen? Hello?" "Support this game! It's as simple as that. Will this ever stop? Well, I hope not. 118,000 dollars. Keep the funds coming!" *After that, without a fuzz, or rather, with a lot of fuzz, Critter is swept away, leaving what could be mistaken for broom-marks in the dirt.* Hi everyone, glad to be on board for this project. It's been decades since the last turn-based strategy I ever played (possibly it was M.A.X. the last TBS I got...), so I'm glad to be backing up this project. I was thinking, though...since I've discovered KS I've backed up the spiritual successor of one of the most influential RPG I've ever played, and now a try at revival of the TBS...it all smells of nostalgia. Am I getting old? Probably, yes. Oh, well... Vermeer, Hanse, Die Patrizier...good times, good times... "I hat"? ... this should read "i've had" :) @Michael: Oh yes - I hat a great time playing "Die Fugger 2". Playing with friends on one single PC with secret missions... i'd pledge that one for sure. "Die Gilde" wasn't the same... On-Topic: Less than 3k to go. Lemme guess: 16.30 UTC+1 ? @Michael: A rough translation - "Finally, a new turn-based game with hexes, and a successor to Battle Isle at that! To think I'd live to see this day. Only thing missing now is remakes of Kaiser and Fugger." Endlich mal wieder ein turn-based Hexagon-Spiel ....und dann auch noch Battle Isle ... das ich das noch erleben darf. Fehlt nur noch jemand der Kaiser oder Fugger reanimiert... "Like an undead ship wreck from the bottom of the ocean, a murky green Dutch beggar slowly surface with the stench of barnacles, death and algae. Suddenly, the deck's pounding with creaky thuds and a skeletal captain with a skull engulfed in a curly beard limps forth sluggishly. He passes the plank, embarks another boat, takes a seat, and sit there and counts for days on end. Finally, he mutters* "Through my spy-glass, I saw this lifeboat full of glittering gold. ’Tis 117,000 zecchinos in all. Arr, better leave them be. They areth marked with the sigil of King Art's. Just my luck!" *Then the burly captain of yore disembarks, and the hopelessly torn sails of the beggar catches wind, heading out to sea. You can hardly see it now. It’s a lot like you, lost like me.* @Thilo, this is unusual indeed. I strongly suspect media coverage. The rock-paper-scissors-interview came online yesterday for example. The daily graph at Kicktraq (<url>#chart-daily) shows a very unusual behaviour. :-) You're able to sustain a very high level of pledges even on day 7. Awesome job! I'm pretty sure this will happen today. Since the last 6 or 7 hours the project raised 4500$, this should be handled today. :-) Good morning Europe! Let's make it today! Less than 3.600$ to go! =) @KING Art: You've passed the number of backers Asylum had (3,169), and that in just one week! Now you just need to pass them in dollars too, coz if you do, you'll have reached your basic pledge goal of 120,000! :) I've got a feeling it could be reality by the time it's evening for us in Europe. So, go, go,go! @bloodraven43 @ian wolfe i enjoyed tomb raider quite a bit, but felt that the simplicity of the tombs was ridiiiiiiiculous and unsatisfying. i'm still happy with torment, and am glad that insanely large budgets are available to both Torment and Project Eternity...the combination of those two games should quench my older rpg cravings for a good amount of time. mage's initiation already finished its kickstarter, but you can still pledge via paypal to Himalays Studios. this looks great! love turn based games, and i hope hope hope the 250k play anywhere stretch goal gets reached! @King Art Games - Do you have any plans for mod tools as part of your stretch goals? @bloodraven - aight man, take it easy. Transistor looks pretty awesome too. @ Ian Wolfe...well take it easy, ill talk to you later @ Ian Wolfe....yeah I don't know why they put out such garbage anymore.its funny but bastion is a lot of fun and its also is an indie game and cost 1/5 the price of a aaa title...im hoping things get better...even disappointed in tomb raider 2013...thought it would stick to its roots and its a full blown action adventure with kiddie puzzles...that's why I backed this and i play a lot of older games from 1995-2004 great games made between those years on pc. Yeah, you would think since they're not new to this they'd know what they're doing... Colin strikes me as kinda full of himself. Sort of like we should back the project and just take his word it'll be amazing. I mean I loved planescape, but I'm not going to fund a project just because it has some of the same writers. Baldurs Gate was the shit. They don't make games like that anymore. It seems like the bigger and mainstream the gaming industry gets, the worse the games get. For pretty much every AAA game, theres an indie game 20 times better. I was one of the suckers that preordered Aliens... I barely made it through the campaign without shredding the game disk. Natural Selection 2 was done better and looked cleaner and it's an indie game without the huge Alien name behind it or singleplayer. The only big developer I still have faith in is CD Projekt Red. Ian Wolfe...lmao...exactly....planescape was an awesome action heavy dialoged rpg...but so was baldurs gate.etc...but to take the combat out is ridiculous and leave us with an ending to the story in a text based 1980 version of a game is ridiculous...I had enough of the torment along with 1000 s of people till they actually speak about the combat mechanics....colin saying we are thinking about our options and we will get back to you on that with 3 million on the table...didn't do it for me...totally pissed me off and as everyone was jumping off his ship...hes talking about on roll chat... we will get none of his cake cause we retracted our pledges...just makes me laugh hahaha exactly. After they added the 8th writer and tried to convince me +1 writer = +25% gameplay content I started getting a little confused with their business model. I ended up reducing my pledge and putting my money into other projects (like this one). It sort of pisses me off half of the stretch goals are like "we give you moar books. So fuck you guys that don't have the books added to your pledge"... I completely understand that Planescape is all about the story but still.. taking the game out of it makes no sense. I'm just waiting for the inevitable update : Torment has been changed to Torment - the Visual Novel. Now with 1mil more words! @Ian Wolfe...this game looks sweet...the cartoony look and that tank opened up and shot guided missles at the other tank in the preview video was awesome...great animation totally @Ian Wolfe....exactly...3 mil..thats the time to talk about the actual game mechanics...but no...heres another writer and everybody oos and ahhhs about it..just insane....im a gamer and if I wanted a book they are free at the library...lol By contrast some of the small 30k projects I've backed have updated every day, and the creators have actually jumped in and chatted with people in the comment feed. There's a reason I pledge so much more in small projects @bloodraven - yeaaah I was really excited about it because Planescape was so epic... Quickly burned out once it became a whole let's sit and watch stretch goals slip by, and in every update let's say how overwhelmed we are and we'll catch up and post more info soon... @ Ian Wolfe...ha ha ha...yeah I agree...see you were tormented too and had to get away from the kickstarter that refuses to update...3 mil...9 updates...and 10 days left...what a joke...lol @bloodraven - what are you crazy? AC3 was so awesome. Who doesn't like having their hand held through 12 hours of pure glitchy bliss? And you can't forget that ending chase sequence~ Oh yeah, failing at that one point a couple dozen times wasn't aggravating at all but to be serial for a second, alpha protocol kicked ass. On the other hand, I've tossed the past 8 AAA titles I've bought as soon as I beat them. Lost faith in so many studios... knights of the old republic was an awesome 3d rpg...justs loved it as I do most games bioware puts out. @Kevin Boroduwicz...im so tormented over at torment that I needed a break and found this wonderful game.glad I found it. Good to see some activity on this thread. This is a project that could use as much support as it can get. I hope you refugees from Torment can spread the word - you are a very welcome presence. Also, don't forget KOTOR 2 which is also an excellent rpg. see you later LC I did. :P @LC - Exiled Grand Master of the OOoE figured you would get a laugh out of that...lol Hehe, nice cross-comments-section-conversation, bloodraven. :) @LC btw Alpha Protocol I thought was awesome,even though it got, I think a 5 or 6 score...reviewers havnt a clue cause they are bending over to much for games like call of duty and assassins creed...damn we agree again on something...I need a shot to celebrate...lol 115k :) Yeah, the only thing which counts for these portals are the number of clicks per news. So they tend to ignore smaller projects... :/ @ LC - Exiled Grand Master of the OOoE and these gamesite are suppose to be their to inform us of good things on the horizon but they are turning into **** for the publishers and advertisers...its a rotten world we live in anymore...all about the rich and screw everyone else...horrible My guess is that many people have spent to much on Torment and Shroud. But when these campaigns are over, Kronos will be there for another 20 days. So I hope that people will get another loan and come over here for backing. Another problem is the bad news coverage in US and international press. Only Rock, Paper, Shotgun brought some news about the project. We already tried to inform the other big pages (IGN, Kotaku, PC Gamer, GameInformer, Eurogamer,....) but still no reaction yet..... :/ LC - Exiled Grand Master of the OOoE me too...great concept here totally...and it works single player or multiplayer...I cant see why these numbers arnt much higher...its a shame @ bloodraven I hope that many more people from Torment will come over in 11 days.... :) @ Nameless Knightshark I saw that...they have a prototype and nobody wanted to back it...plain stupid...I like the look of it also...I hope people catch on to this kickstarter...looks great Nope, only a few weeks for the first alpha version :) Ok, identity verified. ;) It does indeed. And you don't even have to wait 2.5 years to play it... 3200 backers, not bad..... Yeah, it does. :) @LC - Exiled Grand Master of the OOoE @Nameless Knightshark DUDES whats ups....not the raven???...lmao...of course it is...this game looks sweet Can't be him. Didn't lol. Oh, the raven ist here.... ;) We only need a little bit more than 5k for the goal and the update, should be possible tomorrow at the latest. :) looks good...cant wait for update...go go go @ King Art Games Then I have another reason to look forward to the 120k..... :) @ Shark Thanks for the link! :) *De-pixellating* 112,000 dollars! That's a hefty sum of money! Well-deserved too!! *Re-pixellating* RPS Interview: <url>"A small overweight boy on a bike enters the scene, falls off the bike and proclaims with a mousy voice:" "It's totally cool, 92.7% funded. And when I'm older I want to be as good a writer as Uncle Lightfood" "He hobbles back to his bike, puts the chain back on and drives away, slower and more careful" I do enjoy RTS games but I like time to think and plan rather than see how fast I can click - I love chess for example. I never understood why this genre declined! Can't wait for this one :P No problem, Viz! I'm just happy to share the joy of a dear classic format returning to our desks this year. I can't wait to try it out! :) Hi Indira - thanks for letting me know about this on the Torment forums, just backed these guys. I love a good turn based strategy and this looks like it will be fantastic :) *Through glitches between dimensions, a lurking beam of rejoice reflects itself forward via fleeting Higgs bosons. The speed of the subatomic piercing is immense.* "Well, well, well. What's this I see? I'd be darned if that's not 111 grand in the able hands of KING Art. Good for them." *A sudden rip in the graphene-thin veil of an unknown interstellar dimension is all it took for the epiphany of approval to blink out* from " vermeer " " I want a Historyline 14-18 Mod... ;) " 100% yes !!!! I want it too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please, make it real as mod.... Units from this time is a great idea. This is one of my favorite genres of gaming, so I am very glad to see a revival. Real-time can suck it! So.. when are we getting the cardgame update explanation? I am still wondering what tier to get. (eventho i am stuck on a certain tier atm) How long will the Alpha-Test run before Beta-Test starts? What will be in the Alpha-Test (Multiplayer-Test, Singleplayer-Test)? 110k, yeha! :) @Scott, Ronnie: And may I add that hotseat matches and matches with your friends will be so much more fun with a random map generator as well? I really do think it would increase the longevity of the game. Hopefully, KING Art have something in store for us on that note, coz it would fit this game soooo well. *With an intrepid drop from the Heights of High Hopes and a stealthy landing, a proclamation is uttered like a ghostly whisper on the winds of change.* Madre Mia, 110,000 dolares! MAGNIFICO!! *Leaving only goosebumps and trepidation behind, reminiscent of that chilly feeling when you think someone's around, the shy benefactor is gone in an instant coinciding with a tiny gust from a flapping of a dark cape.* Random maps, highly customizable without being a full level editor. That would definitely keep the single players happy after the campaign was finished. Random map sounds awesome if you can possibly pull that off, infinite re-playability. :) Those Battle Isle memories are coming back one by one every day! Love your ninja announcements, Indira. ^_^ Hm, very nice. It seems we could reach the goal very soon. :) *A fleeting dark streak swoops down in a benign act of horror vacui* 91 % funded. It's getting close now! :) *Swoosh, the shade faded into the woodwork again.* *With eyes darting to and fro anxiously looking for spam-hating post-stabbers, a swift and carefully staged coup of rejoicing takes place right about now* 109,000 dollars! KING Art, ihr rockt!!! :D *And then this shadow of joy phases into cloaked mode again, but merely for the time being.* @KING Art: Thank you for taking random map generation and a redraw-map-button into consideration! :) And come to think of it, there you have a perfect stretch goal to wedge in at $ 150,000 or something. I'm sure a lot of people would like to see those features in Battle Worlds Kronos. Thanks to this Kickstarter i got into the mood to replay Panzer Corps (and am having a blast again) and d really like to see the stretch goal for a "conquer the planet" mode to be hit. Hopefully with more international press coverage the remaining 33 days will be enough to get the half million and more backing this project deserves. Oh and here s another idea for possible future content/expansion. Any of you guys ever heard of Star General ? i somehow missed it back in the day despite my love for Panzer - and Fantasy General but when i look at that game i see both Space AND Ground combat. So after the "Conquer the Planet" expansion ... how about "Conquer the Universe" ? mode where in addition to plantary battles you also fight in orbit with space ships, orbital stations etc preparing the landing ?Granteds its way too early for that but still..... i d love something like that. Also, was there any info yet whether the game is gonna feature Infantry units since (unless i m blind - which may be possible!) there wasnt any in the video / screenshots ? @LC: It was an outside analyst trying to calculate the numbers fro Bioshock, And he had an interest in predicting high numbers so it would be reported in the news. And game companies keep these numbers for themselves, so he could be pretty sure that his numbers wouldn't be refuted except for a general denial. On the other hand, yes, working on a game for 5 years burns a lot of money. I hope we will reach the 360 Mark to get the "Conquer the Planet" mode. (Hopefully with dynamic setup) @Marco Rosenberg: did you have contacts toe the orignal BlueByte team? 3,000 backers alone is worthy of a great celebration! WOOT!! :D @KING Art: Exactly how will the maps work? I'd be very happy if there was random maps to some degree at least, and also that you have a "Redraw map" function as the last thing after you've made all the settings for the game, and when both players like the start at each end of their map (obviously, there will be fog covering most of it; then they click okay - green tick - then the match is on). If indeed the plan is just a few fixed maps and the editor is for us to make our own maps, that's fine, but then I'd like to add a request for a clever and interesting random map generator in Battle Worlds. :) @Olaf: We don't own the rights to those games, so there's no way we could do that. Any chance, that we will see the classic Battle Isle games -maybe as "mini-games" - within the game? 108,000 dollars and 90 % funded! Über-great! That front page graphics ( with alpha for all $75+ ) was before they added new triers and should probably be updated. I'm pretty sure $75 all-digital only gets the beta. This user's account has been deleted. Impressive, at 107,804 dollars you've passed the final result of Jon Shafer's KS-game At the Gates. He got 106,283 dollars. Now you just need to pass his 3,009 backers too, and that will be soon... :) @ meganothing I don't think the numbers for Bioshock Infinite were exaggerated... I want a Historyline 14-18 Mod... ;) @Olaf: Did you see the news today that the new Bioshock game cost 100 Million? Sure, that number probably was exaggerated, but even if it were only a third of that, $320.000 would be just 1% of that sum. @Olaf - You mean 120 000 and not 320 000 I assume? If you think 120 000 (or even 320 000) is a lot, then you havent done much software development. If you have 5 people working on a game it would cost you 20 000 a month right there. Then there is software licenses, lawyers for contracts, marketing, computers, office rent +++++ The intro movie in many games will cost more than this. I hope the answer is 'beer'. what do you need that much money for ? $320.000 for a game that is 25% finished already ? where does the major part of the money go to ? thank you. 105k! Yey! Alright, 105,000 dollars. Just 15K to go, a few days more and it's in the bag! I'm so excited!! :) We also did an update on the stretch goals and the recent success. <url>"I’ll have an interview to share tomorrow, with plenty of detail about the choice to Kickstart Kronos and some details about the game itself." @count: You have to take into account that pledge "add ons" will raise the amount of logistics needed to send each backer the stuff he paid for. But as any idea stated in the comments or our forum we will take it into consideration and keep you updated. Keep 'em coming! :) Battle Worlds is featured as one of the Players in RPS' Kickstarter Katchup today , if someone wants to check it out: <url>"@count: No. We meant "Mission command edition" or above." Ok. So there is no way to get the alpha version? So you don't want more of my money?? ;) I mean, I have no incentive to pledge more than I currently do. If you would offer little add ons I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who would increase their pledge ;) And I don't mean add more pledge levels. I want that "4 copy" pledge level so I can't change that. The problem with that is, that only NEW backers will bring in more money. No way for existing backers to get more than their pledge level already offers. I think those add ons would be a good thing to get more money. And you want that ;) Joking aside: I think it would be a good way to get more money when the backers are able to "customize" there pledge level with different add ons. But in the end you are the boss! 104,000 dollars now! And 86 % funded, yay! @Casey: I wish you are right about that so hard constipation is just middle name of it... This user's account has been deleted. @ Daisuke Ah, now I got your point.... :) For me a fantasy TBS convertion sounds like a great idea for a mod.... ;) 103,000 dollars! Way to go, KING Art! :D that is not supposed to be an email address below... I contacted <email> and he wrote a new news (in german) about the game (on sunday!): <url>"yes") - In alpha-access tiers, will an early version of the level editor be up for testing already at the alpha stage? (I hope so) And the asyncronous (?) Mode is a very very good idea. So no lags and shitty internetconnections can ruin your game. And suggestions for big maps: Coop mode for a 2*2 possible? So every side has its fixed units and before gamestart the "fractions" can split up units between player 1+2 ? Just an idea... @♣ King Art Games: 423 MB in one single .rar file might not be best idea. Maybe split up packages, like videos.rar , pictures.rar, textinfo.rar. Might ease things up a little. YOU need media coverage, so make it easy for newspeople to get access to your news... :-) Looking forward to this game even before you announced it. Schönen Tag Euch noch da oben. Und dran denken, die Überstunden sind es wert :-) I'm pledging for 4 digital games (65$). Could I increase my pledge to 75$ to get access to the alpha version? Project Page said: "As early as one month after the successful close of the Kickstarter campaign you can play your first alpha version of the game - if you backed the project with $75 or more." 2,800 backers and 85 % funded! Nice steady pace for a weekend! :) Eine Boxed Version ist der auch Der Rabe enthalten ist (ähnlich des digitalen 75$ Rewards), würde mich echt freuen. Quasi eine komplette KING Art Collection :) You're welcome! I thought reaching the 100k milestone could have aroused their interest. :) I've just sent tipps and messages about BW: Kronos to - PC Gamer - GameInformer - Penny Arcade - IGN - Eurogamer - Kotaku Hope it helps a bit. :) Hi, guys! Nothing like waking up in the morning and seeing 5 digits having turned 6 digits! Over 101,000 dollars and 2,777 backers is just fantastic. We will keep spreading the word, rest assured! :) ANd hey, it was nice to see a new KingArt-poster here. A big hug to you, Marco Rosenberg and all of your hard-working colleagues! :D @BerhcZohn: A T-Shirt as an add-on is a great suggestion. @ KING Art Games: Ich wünsche mir ein Reward mit T-Shirt. Vorstellbar ? Oder später im Online-Shop ?? Oder was ??? Woo, we broke $100k! We need MOAR! Please no android version - if i can play Battle Worlds Kronos on my Note 2 i m afraid i might lose my job very fast :p ( kidding of course, i really wouldnt mind the game on mobile as long as the PC version doesnt suffer from it ) Btw two questions (sorry if it they been covered elsewhere and i missed them): 1. regarding the map editor: will it be for scenarios only or can players make their own complete campaigns ? 2. will there be infantry units in the game or only vehicles/mechs ? Congrats for reaching the 100k milestone. This user's account has been deleted. 100.000. Just wanted to say it too. @Austin: It will be even better on non-Windows non-intel machines, even tablets ;-) @ Daisuke Wood elves? :P This looks like it will be great on touch screen tablets (Windows 8 Intel variety). Congrats on the 100k (with 35 days left)! I want to see not a serious old man, but a cute wood elf! :D btw, how about random map game? Yeah, 100k! Thanks, Peter! :) Nice work Peter and everyone else that got this project into six figures so quickly. I break the 100.000 ;-) With 35 days left I'm sure more media outlets and maybe some of the bigger names on twitter will pick up on this, I tipped a big Swedish gaming news site hoping for them to make an article about it. I mean if you like strategy what is there not to like? :) Nah, if his word had some power, Worf's KS wouldn't have failed so badly. i presume... But flashmob sounds fun anyway, pantsless! :P You guys are doing a good job. All we need now is a few hundred people telling George Takei to mention this project on Facebook or Twitter. Or any other way to get his attention. Flashmob in front of his house? :D @ BlueEyeDoc At least we made a lot of advertizing in the comment section of Torment for Battle Worlds: Kronos as well. ;) @ Kingart Games: Yeah were all really enjoying ourselfs here ;-) Cause of your awesome job ;-) So go on and keep advertising and claiming attention of the international press... ;-) @INDIRA AND LC: Looks like kind of interesting sport for you guys nor??? ;-) Commenting on every change of the pledge/backer-level like a machine ? So go on with it, it really has some kind of entertainment character... but dont loose the big goal to communciate the project to the "outer worlds" ... ;-) So no serious criticism here guys, just some ironic humor - and to post at least something else than "YEAH nearly 2709 backers yeah"... ;-) KR @Indira Nice, how much is your pledge now? =P Yeah! Nice :) 99,000 dollars I couldn't resist! :) And 2,700 backers! Why do the numbers raise so slow today...... :/ No you are taught... :D Haha, ok, ok, I'm convinced.... :D @ LC That was no argumentation just a bit elementary biology. Have you ever taken a fall into the drink with jeans on? Well, that's how it feel for squids with pants all the time. They can't stand them, so they go Donald Duck all day long! :) That's a pretty weak argumentation, but I appreciate the effort.... :D Because they are Landsquids. And like Landsharks they cannot wear pants. It's a no-brainer. And trained squids could be great units of the Residents to discover and destroy disguised submarines of the Invaders..... :D I just don't know why they shouldn't be allowed to wear pants.... ;) Yeah! That's a good idea! Nobody would like to mess with a pantsless squid! Hahaha, perhaps a new unit for one of those stretch goals :/ Hehe, right.... And only little more than 1k to go for the next milestone of this great project! :) But funny, isn't it? Just another statement. :D @ Shark Haha, that's NOT the Torment section..... :D ups It's a pantsless squid, no doubt. And "spamming", I reckon there's like a post every half an hour here. Wait till you see Torment and other slightly larger projects... Magazines of the world - OBEY! @ Ronnie Perhaps you shoul visit the official forums of the game if you are looking for information here. The kickstarter comment section is more about sharing your passion for the game. But it's also a great source of information if you are willing to share people's enthusiasm. :) *games getting backed, it should read @Ronnie: You're new to the game, I see. Trust me, after you've followed a few fantastic games you'll turn into a cheer spammer just like me! ;) Great news, King Art. It's definitely time for a large-scale marketing offensive! And have a nice weekend, too! :) I think it's great to see true, passionate excitement from the project's backers. I would highly appreciate the understanding that we are free to post anything we wish in that regard. I am very excited for this game as well but I would highly appreciate if you left room for other comments and not spam with how much has been funded, that information is already available to everyone. 82 % funded, los! Only 1617$ to 100k..... Come on, we can surpass that number today! :) It's a good question when the editor will be available (alpha, beta, release?). Soon I hope.... :) @LC: I know, that's great. Alpha will be such fun in this case. Hopefully, we'll get to play around with the editot too at that stage. :) The good thing is that we only have to wait a few weeks to play the first alpha version (with the corresponding reward tier) as Jan stated in the video interview yesterday! :) 98,000 dollars! Lovely!! 81 % funded! @Pansoft: Kudos to you, for your first Kickstarter-backing! And yes, hard to wait indeed! Also, 97,000 dollars! Yay!! Looks awesome so far, can wait to play it ;) @True: Playing that with a friend will be great fun! Hopefully, they get the AI to work, coz in two humans vs AI factions, it tend to get a bit tricky for the AI. They said "- there will be cooperative multiplayer against AI (almost 100% probability) " in an interview with a german pc games magazine. that's why I couldn't find it. =) @Nameless: Shh! That was supposed to be a secret.... (I know, if it only had been quartz or something. But it is still amazingly sharp. Even hightech surgeons use it for surgery today.) 80 % funded! NICE!! I think Co-op campaign has already been announced somewhere... I just can't find it. Will there be a possibility to have cooperative multiplayer campaigns? Maybe smuggled in some stretch goal or addon, although that option does not look that bright, but you never know. Just asking because 1. I would like that and 2. I know quite a few people who hate pvp but love to play cooperatively Maybe it could at least be included in the map editor so we can create our own campaigns (and again the question about being able to create dialogues, multi-map scenarios etc.) Actually obsidian it's about as hard as typical windows glass. :P <url>"tweak the own stats" in the leader - the stretch goals concerining Android: King Art Games will make Android version which is not confined to certain systems or tablets. So you will have the chance to play the game e.g. on your Android smartphone if the hardware is powerful enough - after a game has ended the players won't only get points for winning the game (or losing it) but also for certain actions and achievements in the (leaderboard) match - the Invaders fraction will have three "houses" which a special unit in each case whereas the Residents don't have special houses but seven special units in total - there will be no extreme rock-paper-scissors concept which means that you won't need a certain unit to destroy another certain unit. Every unit will make damage to every other unit and the devs set greater value upon the formation of your units and the order of the single actions (moving, attacking) - every unit can defend itself but only as many times as it has equivalent attack (or joker) points itself. If a unit has only one attack point it will defend itself when it is attacked for the first time but after that every attack can't be defended anymore (during the same round) I've backed few projects now games wise including Project Eternity and Torment, but by far this is the one that I'm most excited about even more so than PE and Torment. Been waiting for a decent Battle Isle style games for a very long time now. Anyone else remember this video that comes with Battle Isle SotE? <url>"joker" abilities (which could be used for both, moving or attacking) - the basic balancing of the game gains from the previous versions of the game and intensive discussion and tests with TBG veterans already done in the past (so there is the big chance that the alpha and beta versions will already have good balanced units) - there will be a (global?) leaderboard - Jan is pleased by the support of other devs like Brian Fargo who posted his backing of the project on his twitter accound (fyi: there was a second shoutout on twitter from Brian today....), "using kickstarter feels like being part of a big community" - the fist alpha version will probably be available only several weeks after the kickstarter campaign Hi all upgrade my pledge to 150 $ to help this game.... ... und prima...es kommt auch noch aus Deutschland :-) Hi ! Please make the best Battle Isle ever ! Horstpanzer inc @JAN Please mind that people could pledge the missing 200 and just wisdraw it after the mini-goal was reached.... Will the game support multiple monitors? JN! Soldier 50$ ... Das Cardgame muss halt sein :D bin auch dabei... kanns kaum erwarten. Grüße aus Emden. TT. How about Ad-Ons for the other King-Art Games? So people above the 75$ Level can get their hands on Raven... What's the reason for limiting those tiers? If it's too expensive for you, you could set the Ad-On price higher than those bonus tiers... Hier ein Justnetwork Soldier! Meine 20$ habt Ihr, ich freu mich! :D @Elfwyn: Ja, I'm watching it right now! :) BWK - now playing live : <url>‏@BrianFargo It's great to see another Kickstarter success story in the making... <url>… <url>"I am everywhere!?!?!" 73 % funded! I do not favor the idea of too many units. At some point they become similar and therefore exchangable and obsolete. Remember, one of the best turn based strategy games has only 6 units! Another point: Will we be able to make campaigns when producing maps with the editor? To include dialogues etc? Character graphics (out of a pool, our own)? or jamming units?! that hint a small group of units in enemy area @Meganothing: Still a nice idea! :) ;-) Ooops, But it really is a parallel invention as I've never played C&C @meganothing sounds like Command & Conquer ;-) Another "stealth" idea: Jamming towers that reduce the vision radius of enemy units in a large area. @ Jaco A good dog always wants to mark his territory nearly everywhere..... :D On cloaking, many interesting thoughts there, peeps: @Scott: That's how I'd perceive them, more or less @Steffen: The idea of fog shield, or even more freer, fog-manipulating units, is awesome @Meganothing: Sure, it's like those random huts in Civilization. So this should be easily turned off before a match Also, Elwyn: It would be great with "general missions" (I mean general as a commander here), like taking specific cities and such. Nice idea! @dablue - what the hell, man, you're here too ... are you like the omnibacker? At this rate we should reach 100k tomorrow. Awesome! :) 87,000 dollars! Reminds me of the chronosphere in RA 2, a liitle bit different, but also very surprising from time to time.... :) @Indira: cloakable units are essentially a randomizing element. Their best use (as they can't have much attack power) is to hinder movement at locations the enemy didn't expect. If the enemy does something else the unit is wasted. The other effect of stealth units is that globally you have to secure everything with defense units making the game slower overall. IMHO So I'm not too keen on them. @Indira Cloaked units would be great. One of the most interesting units in M.A.X. was the infiltrator, a human unit who was undetectable by the enemy until the unit DID something. Made for intense scouting / mapping / stealth attacks. On Mission Goals. What I really miss on most Multiplayer Sessions is Mission Goals more complex than "last man standing". It would be more interesting to make missions goals like "capture 3 of the 4 designated cities", so there is no immediate need to eliminate players from the game long before it is finished. Of course the campaign should have more story driven goals in my opinion. Something like: Destroy AA emplacements in sector A, then infiltrate palace behind enemy lines with a commando unit (maybe with special abilities - like cloaking) using helo-transport to rescue the princess. Destroy generators in sector A as secondary goal wich yields advantages in one of the next missions. RSI even sold special skins as add-ons for Star Citizen. Just FYI, I don't think we should go that way here. But a symbol editior as proposed by Indira would be really cool. And it's not very hard to include some additional flags or free spaces on units/building for symbols in the game, would really enhance immersion and identification imo. :) @Indira: IIRC submarines will act like cloaked units, same should be able for high flying planes or so I guess... but might be interesting adding units that transport something like a little fog shield to secretly move a bunch of units over the map... @LC: Nice idea, a symbol editor. In Diablo 3 (no other comparisons made, cough), before the game was released Blizzard put up simple symbol editors for fans to make their own banners. KingArt could make that as a (part of) a simple stretch goal. And how about special skins for MP matches? Red against blue is a classic but I would really like to include my own fraction symbol or something like that.... :) Wouldn't it be cool with some cloakable units. They are basically invisble until you step one or towe hexes near them, then they become visible, or is that too over the top and over-powered? I know that Battle Isle 3 had an enormous amount of units to show off, but in the end all factions had the same units to lead into battle. As I understand now Battle Worlds has two factions. Do those have units with different looks, stats and abilities. Having factions that play differently will be a great PLUS for the game. (Even if they do not fit into campaign - there cannot be too much variety of those :-) ) Also - what about special (unique) units that cannot be manufactured but earned (for example by completing a secondary mission). Think "Fremen", "Sadaukar" (from Dune) or "Mercenary Units" from Star Craft 2, Battle Isle 3 had its special "UBER" Pretorian Units.. Sounds nice, dog :) @DaBlue: Nice idea. In some 4X-like space exploration/invasion games, you get to tinker and build your own ships. It would be an interesting mini-game-like function for Battle Worlds, obviously limited in scope, and just for a few units. Say, as a 150,000 dollar stretch goal? 71 % funded! Yeah, id love some units.. hell i would even love a tier where you can create your own unit.! @Dablue: Units is indeed a nice idea for a simple stretch goal within reach! @LC: Didn't you know? MCA stands for Monster Creative Author! ;) Haha, MCA is a monster..... :D Hell.. confirm Chris Avellone to write your script and you are a millionaire or some extra units? 85,000 dollars! Yes... @LC: I hear you and trust you on that. It seems logical somwhow. :) @KingArt (Jan?): I love your confidence! :D And boy, do I hope you're right!! However, I've seen these KS stall to a creep even at the end. It wouldn't hurt if you snuck in a few easy-to-reach ones pretty soon, I reckon. It could be as simple as achievements and some extra unit xp-trees at 135,000 or something. @ Indira I hope that after the conclusion of Torment's KS campaign many people will come over and the project will have a real burst in numbers. We only have to wait 14 days and spread the word in the meantime..... :) @Baptiste: I do believe that too, but as a matter of fact, tighter stretch goals seem to speed up the pledging and the number of packers in the KS-campaigns I've followed. I think #3 stretch goal is reachable. Articles in the press, word-to-mouth, social networks... Given the potential of the game, I see no barrier to this achievement. @Scott: I'm glad I checked into the comments right now. I've been aware of the project, but not that it was currently running a KS campaign. Phew. Have too many campaigns running right now, so I can't afford a HW3 tier, but HW1+2? Yes please. =D @ King Art The stretch goals are likely hard to reach but I appreciate your honesty. You can't include cool features without proper funds and giving us the small chance to get them is good enough for me. :) I'd support Tobi and Indira with the idea to have the stretch goals a little closer together (but of course i'm a huge fan of the "little steps" philosophy, yo your mileage may vary). Are there different alpha-stages / -versions? "Closed Alpha" vs "all Alpha versions" (pledge 100$)? ..or are both the same? One pledge to own them all... :-) clode should be close, of course. No edit button. I've been thinking about what Tobi wrote ahile ago: Tobi: @KING Art Games - sure thing, always think and plan several steps in advance (where might this strategy prove helpful i wonder? muahaha!) - and i didn't want to rain on your parade, sorry. it's just sad when other kickstarters have a goal of 100k and kicktraq tells them (on the second day of the campaign) that they might reach 500k and in the next update they post stretch goals up till 1000k - and then barely reach 150k... that's just awkward. better to only post one or two tightly stepped stretchgoals in advance. in your case maybe 130k and 150k. but that's just my humble opinion, this is your show after all :) I think he has a point. Nothing wrong with planning ahead, but the stretch goals are probably best placed relatively clode to the goal sum. When I read these stretch goals and then think of them in percentage of the KS goal, your first stretch goal is nearly 50 % higher than your goal! For instance, Torment, had their first at 11 % and then the next at 33 %. A project that asked for a third of what you do, At the Gates, had their first at 25 % and the second at 50 %. Your 2nd stretch goal is at a whopping 108 %! And also, you reveal the whole thing. Perhaps this doesn't matter and it all goes just as well I hope it will, but that's my two cents, and perhaps it can be rectified by squeezing in stretch goals in between the three very meaty stretch goals you have up now. Hope you don't disapprove of me honesty here! :) I'm really glad I found this game, but I wouldn't have if there hadn't been a shout out for it on the Torment KS page. In that spirit, did you know that there is a KS campaign to create tablet versions of Homeworld? The touch controls on that classic masterpiece of RTS look absolutely amazing, and the devs want to develop current version of Homeworld 1 and 2 on modern systems as well as tablets, with a goal to eventually make Homeworld 3 next year. The campaign only has 3 days left, and they are $2500 under goal right now. I'm giving to them. Homeworld was (and is) awesome. For an RTS. Not AWESOME, like TBS, such as Kronos! @Rens2Sea User Forums are online allready, but shouldn't we wait unitl we at least got the 120K mark before asking a beta? :-) Do I get a digital Copy with the Commanders Battlekit? If not thats bad because I have to wait till it arrives. 2,300 backers! And now it's 70 % funded. Muy bien! @Rens2Sea: Good question, though I think the mean as soon as the KS is over and successful... The video mentioned instant access to developer forums and the level editor. So where is it? 84,000 dollars! Jaaa! Great News with the 250k strech goals. This would be amazing. No this project just needs more attention in the international press and of course word-of-mouth advertising. So go forth and tell all your friends. we need 250k !!!! Ouya and IPAD support !!! :-) Gaaaaaah, that $75 tier is calling my name... but I can't do $75, so I guess I'll just wait for The Raven when it comes out instead. :) That 350 stretch goal sounds awesome, I really, really hope we can get to it! I just like tripled my pledge, coz alpha acess mattered the most to me. Getting King ART's game I can do in some other ways, but that alpha stage is unique and I get another game, so I can play it with friends! :) Hi KAG, If I update my pledge to the 45$ bonus one, is the "boxed" game still included or do I have to top up to 50 to get all the cool stuff. the new game mode sounds so good! But what a goal to reach... Oh, sh**, an iPad version? Time to increase my pledge! Nice update! Doubled my pledge. Keep it going! =) 83,000 dollars, and yes UPDATE 2!! @KING Art Games - sure thing, always think and plan several steps in advance (where might this strategy prove helpful i wonder? muahaha!) - and i didn't want to rain on your parade, sorry. it's just sad when other kickstarters have a goal of 100k and kicktraq tells them (on the second day of the campaign) that they might reach 500k and in the next update they post stretch goals up till 1000k - and then barely reach 150k... that's just awkward. better to only post one or two tightly stepped stretchgoals in advance. in your case maybe 130k and 150k. but that's just my humble opinion, this is your show after all :) 69 % funded now! 68 % funded! here's a translation from their most recent blog post (i did not check spelling and no guarantees for complete correctness) The first Day: Right before we started the campaign nobody of us knew what we had to expect. We thought everything possible, 5.000 Euro on the first day - or 100.000 - we had no idea. In the end, there was no such extreme but what could realistically be expected. After 24 hours we reached about one third of the overall budget. That's good, as it projects a finish of about 200.000, which means we can reach one or two stretch goals in the process. Before noon things started of well enough. A not negligible part of that was Klaas >>Notch<< Kersting, who will soon be owner of another nice hat, as he kept his promise of generously supporting the project. Yesterday i also - coincidently - mentioned Klass, and if every mention leads to such a generous donation, Klaas, i have a business proposal for you. Even if you deduct the 5.000 € donation, the project is still going strong. We - of course - held our own credit cards ready to give the project an initial boost. But that turned out unnecessary as initial reception was very good. Two important factors seem to be the early formation of a community (more on that later) and the wide coverage in german press. As a matter of fact almost half of the german games editors seem to have backed the project themselves, should we screw it up, i guess we would have to look for different trade. Kickstarter delivers some Numbers and Data about the backers and their origin, and once again the notion hold true that at the very first you have to know your intended target group. We believe our target group to be male 30+, with technophile[? no simple translation] background (as they have been playing computer games 20 or 25 years ago). That means that our backers do not necessarily are part of the bigger gaming sites user base but rather originate from sites where this target group resides. The Top 10 Referrer in the first 24 hours: #1: Kickstarter #2: Golem.de #3: Facebook #4: GameStar.de #5: kicktraq.com #6: gamersglobal.de #7: BattleWorlds Homepage #8: pcgameshardware.de #9: 4players #10: bluesnews.com Golem actually accounts for 14 Percent of total backed money. Heise/c't didn't yield anything yet, but we are on it as you can imagine. What's interesting is the complete absence of international sites on that list, and that's a potential problem. It looks like most international Media have kickstarter-guidelines that resemble: "Fu** the game, if there's a big name behind it, then it get's featured, otherwise not" I'm not naive. I know, especially with online media, they are driven by numbers. And a well recognized developer team gets more hits than a good game from unknown developers. But seriously, shouldn't the journalistic honor demand that if in doubt one supports the underdogs with the good pitch and passes on the old rich guys with the shitty pitch? That's exactly what we are going to say to all major editors on this planet (in a toned down version) in the next few days, and we are going to get shoulder shrugs for it. But maybe there's also one or the other understanding nod. Jan PS: if any of you have contacts to international journalists who might be interested to write about Battle Worlds: Kronos -> <email> I wouldn't like it. Agreed, I would like to play a 1000x1000 map too. Sounds like fun to me. To be honest: i would really love to try myself on a 1000x1000 map. That would really be an epic experience, and the fun would last for a while. Now i'm eagerly awaiting the stretch goals... @KAG I think on such a big map (1000x1000) a unit strength of 100 to 200 per player would be more realistic. And most of these units would be used to secure territory, so only about 30-50 units per player would be in actual combat at a time. If there was a limit to units I would tie that to a ressource like "recruits available in currently occupied cities" or fuel/energy to power those machines of war. 81,000 dollars and 2,200 backers! !Fantastico! And 80k, 2/3 of the goal, awesome! :) Where is the update??? @Shark Hehe, I will never think about him anymore (at least I hope so)...... :D @Elfwyn I haven't found a translation yet, I'm sorry. $80K!! 2/3 of the way there, with 37 days to get there. Feelin' kinda confident here . . . : ) @ Muttala I'd say that's granted. How else should you know what you are facing? @ KING Art 40h/turn? lol, sounds epic! :D King art, I wonder will the units upgrade differentiate visually / easily identified? Calling on America to take over now! Good Night Europe... Google Translate makes for a decent translation I think, but if anyone has questions... @LC Is there a translated version allready? @ LC Geil. :D i presume you had to think about the duche with the gold chain as well? :p (sry, couldn't resist) oooh, talking about stretchgoals already? at 76k out of 120? normally kickstarters wind down after the first three days... Developers diary for the complete kickstarter campaign (German): <url>"I also like Steam. I haven't got a clue what the cost is. But having the game in one's library is clearly an advantage. Also, it's a great market-channel for you..." Ungefähr... Steam finde ich auch gut. Keine Ahnung, was euch das kosten kann. Aber das Game da in der Bibliothek zu haben eährend ein Vorteil. Und zusätzlich ein Absatzkanal für euch... 75,000 dollars, and it just keeps on coming! Yipee! 62 % funded! Gosh, 1 % funding, each half an hour is bananas! Niiiice! 2k backers and steady $2k/h! 2,000 backers! CONGRATZ!!! @ King Art Nice, I'm looking forward to the update.... :) 61 % funded, let's have the next update now! I'm so curious... :) @ True Yeah, time for the stretch goals I would say.... ;) I think Steam, GOG and their own website/store (for linux at least) would be a good solution, since Steam and GOG are much bigger and more used than other onlince distributors. I just don't know if BW: K would fulfill all requirements for GOG. If I remember correctly there was a policy on GOG that they only distribute indie games which can be bought for 15$ or less but maybe that has changed in the meantime.... For me the oposite way ;-) I like a digital version of the game... also a nice manual with schematics and tactics is really cool... but i dont wanna ANY dvd or something else hardboxed in my room again... STEAM would bei a nice thing, perhaps via Greenlight or the new "early access programm" also? Either way, keep up going KINGARTS and THX for this really nice project and game , I LOVE YOU ;-) I hope update came on the next two day or in the evening. I like more GoG then Steam. But much more as then i like a BOX. :) Time for the second update I'd say... :) @Thomas S: They did say DRM-free, also! They will have to offer another alternative to Steam (Desura, I hope, but the Humble Bundle store would be good too... GOG is nice for Windows & Mac people). Alternative Steam Support would be nice 73,000! 60 % funded! Some international press coverage: <url>"Battle Isle" - woohoo! awesome! don't f.u. the AI! und dann auch noch deutsche entwickler, ich hab spässle!! geilomat! @KAG: Is it maybe possible to gain access to one or two special units when you purchase the card game? Maybe in some sort of addon code on the deck or so... might be funny. Even if its just a special colored or named unit it might be nice to have a benefit in the game when purchasing the card game... @Joshua: Given that kickstarters slow down considerably over weekends, your advice is sound. Wow, this has exploded since I pledged yesterday lol. Guess you took the advice to getting the news out to gaming websites seriously. Soooo happy this game is going to make it, now let's get some stretch goals posted because at this rate we'll be funded sometime next week 70,000 dollar! Wow! 70K its amazing Pledge Leve Add on: The card game for + X$ (+ shipping) for any pledge level that doesn't include it already. Possible Pledge reward: Critter Puppets of various sizes as Add-On or as a new Tier. "Maybe a BouT Critter special unit? Special ability: stores everything in its belly." How about a special Critter unit color: Pink (and fluffy) ;) As stretch goal, I really like everything already said on the single player side of things. The personnalisation of units with experience is great in particular. The translation of the game in EFIGS is crucial too when it will be publicly released later this year. Uh, never mind, I found it. Ghostery blocked FB content ^^ Battle for Wesnoth as some nice character progression system. A bit rudimentary and not customizable but you keep your elite units across missions and the formation of a balanced elite army is crucial for the late campaign missions. However, you can also reach a dead end due to this mechanic if you fail to build these elite troops early and that is rather bad gamedesign imo. Where is the link to share this page on facebook ? I saw it when I initially came to this page, and also after doing my pledge, but now it´s gone :( Hehe, i see some funny "trojan horse" tactics with that. :D Thanks - if you've played Warlords Battlecry 2 or Myth 2: Soulblighter you've seen a good example of naming/progression, though no visual aspect to them. I always did feel sad to lose a guy who had been with me a while! @ Indira Or remember them as heros if you did... @Matthew: That sounds great, and then you'll think twice before you sacrifice them on that bottleneck bridge later... 69,000 dollars! Great suggestion @ Matthew Marhefki! I'd like to see a feature that would give a large amount of detail to your squads who progress through multiple missions - name the men in the unit, give each soldier a random but only slightly different appearance (to show their personal gear customization) and maybe even show trophies like captured enemy weapons or gear. Kill markings/names on tanks, maybe even a randomly generated bio for men who last a really long time. This would help the player really feel like the units they're ordering around are real people and their veterancy would mean a bit more than simply having better armor or stats. ... red high heels! Has anyone mentioned zombie werewolves from Titan yet? @True: lol oh god.. no... please .. no..... In response to Dablue and to keep the spirit going: Sparkling Vampires would open the game to a completly new audience... ^^ Oh mammary glands would certainly cut it.. *writes it down for next time* For some reason "mammary glands", "areola", "nipple", "fat tissue" and "skin" doesn't cut it, no? We need more boobs, that is what will sell this game. Boobs i tell you. For the native germans here Brüste (die ~), thats what we need! For stretcg-goals, Hatge wants to see: -different landscapes (snow, desert) -domination-mode -players can create their own unit in MP-mode -the single player campaign can unfold over a (bigger?) map (I haven't played Dune2) -nicely ladders, good match-making facilities and replay Ich könnte mir folgende Stretch-Goals gut vorstellen: - Unterschiedliche Landschaften (zB Schnee und Wüstelandschaft) mit unterschiedlichen Auswirkungen auf die Strategie - Domination-Modus im Multiplayer (zu Begin des Modus entscheidet sich jeder Spieler für eine Partei und kämpft dann im MP um Gebiete, Je häufige man sieht, desto mehr Entscheidungen kann man im Domination-Modus treffen, die auch auf andere Spieler auswirkungen haben (man steigt sozusagen im Kommando-Rang auf)) - Im MP-Modus und/oder in der Kampagne kann sich jeder Spieler genau einen Einheiten-Typ selber "konstruieren" (nach dem Baukasten-System)). Also... nicht nur Upgrades für bestehende Einheiten(-Typen) sondern richtig neu designen. So wie bei JaggedAlliance, wo man seinen eigenen Söldner zusammenstellen kann. Nur passiert das in der Kampagne über die Zeit und im MP gleich am Anfang. - Die Kampagne könnte auch so wie bei "Dune2" damals auf so einer Landkarte verlaufen. Dort konnte man sich immer aus 3 Sektoren einen aussuchen. (ähnelt dem Domination-Modus im MP, nur halt in der Kampagne) - Gute designte Rangliste, gutes Match-Making und Replay-System 57 % funded, keep going, keep going... 68,000 dollar! Yay! is an add on planned? @Uwe: *wink* :) some things would be nice to see... - cut scenes with some story? (like old Battle Isle Games, but i would prefere computer animation) - maybe 3d battlescenes like Batlle Isle (would be more for presentation) - whats about an Android Version? - focus at single player - some archivements? ;) - more experience levels of units... like little steps (10 or so) and 3 or so big steps? So i can more specialize units... makes balancing harder i knew... - maybe a hardcore mode where you need fuel also? (bud less priority) As for Stretch Goals...: - More/Longer and possibly alternative/branching missions (depending on mission success) would be great. as Stretch goals. - Also I would like Sub-Factions or Mercenaries as special units either as reward for secondary goals or for hire in or between missions. - What about research for new or upgraded unit types - goes really well with the crowd too I think - so not every playthrough is like the last one. (Either like in Starcraft 2 with only a few important options or fully flexible like in MAX) - Global units like Drop Ships or Cruisers for orbital bombardment to be available in certain missions and for the right amount of resources. - Limited building of emplacements like trenches, bridges, blockades or maybe bunkers and depots. /offtopic @Endemoniada Du kommst aus Stuhr? Ist ja witzig, ich aus Brinkum. Sind wir sozusagen Nachbarn :) And an iOS version would rock. Another thumbs up for beefing up the single player experience / random skirmish features. I get the impression this is already a fun game to play multi-player, right now. You guys have probably been playing versions of this thing for a while. Any excess funding should go towards enriching the single player aspect. Not sure if it is an issue, but a dynamic AI in the campaign would be great, i.e. one that adapts and attacks weak spots and does not use scripted strategy. I also support Christians idea. Should be a no brainer tbh. ;) Christian's idea for a stretch goal is great! :) @Christian: Great idea! Pledge tiers, my favourite: -early bird alpha access - early bird alpha acess + a steam copy of Unwritten Tales -and combo deals for two people I would like to see a longer, dynamic single player campaign as a stretch goal. More like Panzer General with its campaign tree, where the next scenario depends upon your performance, even with different endings, and unlike the Command and Conquer model where you just finish one scenario and then off to the next in a straight line. OMG, here I was gone a coulpe of hours, and it's already 67,000 dollars! I'm so happy now! And nearly 1,800 backers. This is going smashingly well. :) Real life actors for the cut scenes! (just joking) =P Pledge Tiers: - More than just an advanced tactic section in the manual, what about a digital strategy guide? - The oppotunity to appear in a special section of the game credits Stretch Goals: - Bigger campain, meaning more maps for the factions - Single player random generated maps (skirmish mode) Regarding factions/units some unique (hero) units with personality would be very cool. Forfot to mention an additional faction and more different units. Here are my favorites: -------------------------- pledge tiers: - early bird at alpha level $75/$100 with more info on dev schedule and alpha/beta content stretch goal: - more/better SP content. e.g. longer or even dynamic campaign I´d like to see a real good story around all the fighting, with cutscenes etc., like they did in Battle Isle3. An expanded single player campaign and/or more single player maps would be very welcome also :) More than 50% already achieved, nice! @Knightshark thx - alles richtig gemacht :) Will there be base building? I love base building! @ Uwe Just increase (i.e. click manage) your pledge by $15 to $90. Okay, Mist ich habe die 15$ Versand nicht mit"gebacken" bei der 75$-Version. Wie gehe ich jetzt am geschicktesten vor? Hey it's taking off! $5k in last hour. Battle Worlds: Kronos FTW! @Jon Just forget kickstarter and use kicktraq. You can order the games there by the "starting date" of the campaign. So you can check out every day for the last games that started. You just have to watch one site a day. Easy way to be up to date by yourself :) I just wish Kickstarter was a better site, so that it would be easier to find these good games. I visit Kickstarter every day, but I didnt see this until it was in rps. Da haben sich unsere ganzen Fan-Mails an RPS wohl doch gelohnt :-) *freu* Let the storm come! Coverage on RPS brought me here - backed and keeping fingers crossed! :-) Viel Glück, Leute! Also, one virtual cookie to the first person who rebuilds the whole Battle Isle 2 campaign with the editor! Will there be some kind of online hub where user-created maps can be shared? You had me about 15 seconds into the promotion movie when you mentioned Battle Isle. This looks GREAT! Good Job! Now the next 50% until the end of the week please! =) Congrats for reaching 50% ! Looking forward to your promised stretch goals now ;) Currently at the 25$ pledge level. But I found some friends that want this as well so I'm upgrading to the 65$ (4 copies) pledge level. So someone grab my $25 early bird spot! ;) "Und ein Amiga 1200 Version :) !!!" Ha, well, good luck with that! ;) Und ein Amiga 1200 Version :) !!! KING Art Games wir brauchen einen LAN MODUS :D !!!!!!!!! And Thanks KAG for the info. My english isn´t that bad, but I wanted to be sure that I´m not misunderstood ;) Thanks Endemoniada :) Backed because I love hex-based tbs games, and also backed to support your support for Linux, since that's what I'll be playing the heck out of this on. :) @Frank: Exactly. Hallo, wie läuft das mit den boxed-Versionen, bei denen man 10$ für den Versand hinzufügen soll ? Trage ich z.B. beim Battlekit - Major dann 60$ ein und wähle die 50$ Rewards aus oder wird das anders gehandhabt ? Sorry wenn das schon mal gefragt wurde, habe mir jetzt nicht alle Kommentare durchgelesen. Single player random generated maps (skirmish) would also be great. :) Yes, a LAN-mode would make lots of plpayers happy to be sure! Schön endlich :) aber was fehlt ist ein Lan Modus !!!! bitte einbauen ansonsten alles gute für das Game !!! Com Nice increase over night! @ KAG Hehe, you are welcome. I merely gave Brian Fargo a buzz about this. Really happy that Feargus/Obsidian took note as well. However, i'm not surprised though, he's a very cool guy. ;) It just shows that those guys are taking the Kickstarter thing serious by giving credit to other cool projects like yours. :) @ Elfwyn No, those are very good questions! @KAG Will units get defense bonuses from units adjacent to the battle. For example: If an infantry is attacked by a bomber and next to it is a mobile AA battery or a jet. How are resources handled? Just like in BI - with buildings (depots,factories,cities) yielding some turn based income? I think I am getting a bit ahead of things here, asking all those detail-questions. I think those are better answered in an update, so you do not have to tell us what did not make it into the game, but what made it into the game so far. I can think of many features I would like in a game like this, but most of them would probaply not fit into your tight budget and schedule. So I would like to hear what features you would have liked to include and had to cut out because of budget constraints. Maybe those would be the first to return on stretch goals? Looking forward to this! Reminds me a great deal of Battle Isle and Historylines 1914-1918. Had some great fun with those when I was young. Even though my older brother would usually trash me if we played against eachother... Personally, I like that you go for a one unit per tile/hex, it gets much more strategic that way and also easier to analyze it all strategically, including the terrain. It's like in Civilization V and its hexes and 1UPT. Soon the backers of Batte Worlds has twice the population of an entire nation! Am I too enthusiastic again? Well, no. As it turns out, the Vatican has a population of 832 people! And 1,500 backers - that's more than plenty of German villages too. Awesome. Totally Awesome. Finally Turn Based Strategy gets an update. So excited to play this game. Really curious as to how browser support will work. Hopefully they'll be some type of faction/diplomacy mechanics built into the AI though I'm sure with most of the focus being on unit mechanics and war tactics it won't be a large component. Either way I'm just really grateful creative development teams like yours are reviving this genre. I've missed it! 56,000 dollars! Wunderbar! Darn, no edit button: "...where they are" and later "He seemed nice..." @Elfwyn: I like your questions right where there are! In that way, backers can join in with ease in these kinds of discussion right off the bat! :) @LC: Thanks for the video link with a German interview with Jan. He'd seemed nice and humble and very excited about the project. And I think King Art is right in assuming that the craving for strategic turn-based games has returned among many gamers, and I hope it's here to stay. :) Yay! Nice to see this off the ground to a great start! Look forward to blowing plus the goal and beyond! While I will switch over to the official forum soon, I think that most backers need to be informed on the comments section, so here are a few questions about the game: - Will there be fog of war? (hidden terrain and explored-re-hidden terrain) - What about altitudes - ground units (tank), low altitude units (heli) and high altitude units (bomber)? - How about having multiple altitude units stack on one Hexfield? (as in: Inteceptor Jet is covering Tank platoon from enemy bombers) - What about combining units? For example combining an armor unit with an infantry unit would give bonus against infantry attacks, but slower movement. Goooood morrrrning, Eeeuuurope! And what do I find? Over 55,000 (back... ;) ) dollars, almost 50 % funded and nearly 1 500 backers! Also, fantastic dev companies like Obsidian and InXile are backing BWK, yay! Heut' ist mein Tag! $ 10k over night. Nice! I am optimistic now this is going to get funded...hopefully more than barely :) Good morning to all backers in Europe! =) I haven't been so excited about a strategy game since Red Alert 2. I know, it's not the best out there but it bears some nostalgia for me. Anyway, as a big fan of Final Fantasy Tactics, Fire emblem, Advance Wars... I can't wait! Does anyone know about the units that will be available? Looks like tanks, choppers, hence classic units so far. I'd love some Metal Conflict (or Fatigue in some countries) influence in this game. Also I bought Book of Unwritten Tales like only couple weeks ago both of the titles. Loved them. Adventure point & click games plus Turn Based Strategy games are my two favorite genres. :D Battle Isle - Shadow of the Empire is my favorite strategy game of all time. Never played Advance Wars though but I will try to at some point. This kickstarter reminds me of it, crossed with a turn based C&C. Retro special about the Battle Isle series (German): <url>"Spawn more overlords!". Yeah, Starcraft reference, but if this game is 10% of what I saw in that video, it'll be 10 times the fun Starcraft ever was . . . Video preview for BW: Kronos and interview with Jan Theysen on PC Games for German fans (or everybody who wants to see Jan in person), from minute 4:50 to 11:40: <url>‏@Obsidian 38m Obsidian just backed Battle Worlds: Kronos - Turn-based strategy revisited on @Kickstarter <url>"cinematic" angle with some fancy DoF effects would be pretty cool! @ KING Art Games Really ? This would be wonderful, maybe better than the cinematics that would slow the game as you said. You must absolutely include it in the basic game or at least put a stretch goal for this. :) A fresh BW:K related interview for the German backers here. Thanks Jan! <url>ünsch euch viel Erfolg. Meine $5 sollt ihr gerne haben ;) Sounds good, I'll keep my eyes open and see what you guys do =) That sounds like a fantastic solution. Thanks! Looks neat. Love the Asynchronous combat feature that can be played from any location. Just wish you had a digital level for 2 copies instead of jumping all the way to 4. @ Nameless Knightshark Oh, sorry, I missed it. Thank you. @ Maalak it has been discussed below. KING Art Games about 4 hours ago @Knightshark: What I meant is that there won't be any lengthy battle animations but only the short fighting animations you can see in the video. From a technology point of view it’s no problem to show them in a close up. I've posted a question in the comments of the last update, but it seems that nobody write there, so I also post it here : when two units are fighting, will there be an option to have fighting cinematics like there were in Battle Isle or Advance Wars ? Fitzorugaluga! LOL!! Enthusiastic, and a bit tired, but wouldn't it be great if it was true! :D 45,000 dollars, well, hrmm... Ms. Indira seems a little overenthusiastic ;) But yes, lets go to 45k backers! @indira: uhm 45.000 backers? well there are at least 1.214.. but maybe we get to 45.000 ;-) 45,000 backers! Fantastic! :D i also mailed RPS through their contact adress this morning about BW:K. But as someone stated before we are just a "Nobody". But together we can maybe get someone there to move his ass towards King Art Games. Hoping they read my email or anybody else mail about BW:K. Lets bomb them ;-) Just backed this after seeing it on Reddit. Loved BI3 back in the day, and this looks like it fits right into the same mould! *Cough* Well, good thinking halfwau through, then I lost it. It's of course 63 % to go, so BWK needs like 2 % day to get funded, i.e. 2 400 dollars a day. It's still looking bright, though. 1,200 backers and 37 % of the game funded. Interestingly, it's like 37 seven days to go of the kickstarter, so all it takes is 1 measly procent per day for Battle Worlds to get funded, that's 1 200 dollars per day in average. It's looking good, it's looking very good. :) 44,000 dollars! Hoorah! just seen this on Reddit, thought I would back it, looks like my type of game @KING Art. thanks for that new trailer! I just watched it and it is really beautiful, despite it's barely alpha. However, the water in that river bugged me. I presume the water, or rather its wave action, was just a placeholder, coz I prefer rivers that flow downstream in whatever pace, from rapids to tranquil streams. Mind you, that was the only criticism I could come up with for the whole trailer, so a darn good job, KING Art! :) Damn that looks amazing! But nothing ever beats Advance Wars, never ;-) ok..... i see it in the update.... MORE TO COME... I also wanted to let you know that we’ve got lots of stuff planned for the next days and weeks, while we will try to get back to all your awesome feedback that you already posted in the comments (rewards, stretch-goals, questions... everything will be covered). I am waiting to see it... :-) Hello all... @KING Art Games What will you do... if you get over 120.000 $ before KS ends.... ? - do you have stretch goals for this game.... ?? ( more units / animations / more maps / and so on.... ? ) @ Dablue Beer, pizza and local play describes exactly my PES events at my place from time to time.... I don't mean the big LAN parties of my youth, but playing skirmishes with friends locally would be nice. I always prefer talking to my friends face-to-face than over the internet. ;) @KingArt: Could any one explain the card game? And how big is the card game? Could you give us previews? (contemplating moving off my $1 spot towards the early bird $45 spot) @LC: Beer, pizza and split screen / local -lan... god i am going to relive my childhood doom 1 days ;p Splitscreen and "real" local-LAN mode is a must imo.... @ Shark @ King Art Perhaps these close-up animations could be turned on and off in game settings. So people could choose on their own if the want to use them or not. :) Yeah, zooming on action could be enough I guess :) And great job on the strategic zoom view by the way :p @KA: Oops, it seems you beat me to it. Good to hear you considering something in that direction. @Nameless: splitscreen sounds really neat, too. @ KingArt Very cool! I don't think cutscenes or special animations are necessary as everyone will click them away very soon, just like you've said. But simply showing the battles in some close up camera with nice cinematic angles or maybe even form different angles in splitscreen (eg 24 style) could add some action without delaying the game nor being hard to implement. It simply struck me how good the game looks even zoomed in. Very nice scaling! Also love the supreme commander style zoom out. I'd imagine they could just have a little action cam window pop up when attacking, providing a zoomed-in view of both armies using the miniature effect for, well, effect. Slow-motioned, even maybe? I believe this was how they did it in BI3, but here they would use the very same engine and assets that are used for the rest of the game. You would be able to close the window at any time or even opt out of it in the options. @moorkh I think that the current on-map unit models and animations surpass the combat animations from the old BI Games allready. Blizzard-like Cut-Scenes would be fantastic, but who want's to pay the necessary money for that? On another matter, I find the "abstract" unit representation is looking beautiful, but does not add much to the immersion. I think it would be interesting to (alternatively) have 4 Tanks or 10 Infantry as representation standing for one unit to have a better sense of scale. @ moorkh/KingArt But does that exclude zooming in and applying the miniature effect (strong DoF)? @ Indira 50k at least at the end of the day (German time) would be nice...... :) 42,000 dollars and 35 % funded, superb! @ moorkh Perhaps we could have it back with a stretch goal..... Would be a question of funding then.... ;) @Frost, Nameless: I was hoping for that, too, even asked KING Art about that exact miniature effect for it. Unfortunately, they answered: [quote] - We decided to show the fights right on the map. We know the combat animations used to be big deal for Battle Isle. But many players turned them off after a while because they slowed down the gameplay. And for a feature only some player would appreciate it’s just too much work.[/quote] @Jake: Yea, the scale seems to be precisely right. And 1,100 backers now, a nice and steady pace to greatness! :) I really like the scale in the demo i didn't quite get it till you zoomed out to the world map and it was like oh this is gonna be serious business pointing everyone i can at this thing! I love turn-based strategy. Advance Wars I, II, and DS are some of my favorites, with countless hours spent in skirmish mode. Other titles like Fire Emblem, Disgaea or even Civilization are, at their core, turn-based strategy, so I know the market not only exists, but eagerly awaits genuine, quality offerings. It's pretty much a given that this project would appeal to me and I definitely look forwards to seeing if you guys can put another top tier title on my shelf. I just backed, and as a fan of turn-based strategy games, I am really looking forward to this one. By the way, a friendly hello to everybody from KING Art in Bremen! I am currently in Oldenburg at work, I was born in Bremen, and I still live near Bremen (in Stuhr). :) @ Nameless Oh yeah, great idea ! @ Frost Or just zoom in with miniature effect like in the video 1:27ff. I was wondering if it could be cool to add little CGI when units are attacking like in Battle Isle or Advance Wars... @Indira: Thanks. Yeah i know it was expensive, so we have not really original games at home. We have buy the amiga with the games an to this time we dont know about copy game and... ok i didnt say that... @True: I can translate better then Babelfish :p @Creator: Any info on the Battle Worlds card game would be nice. babelfish - if you need to translate foreign comments and feel the necessity to understand every comment here. =) As it says right to the 'Post comment' button "Be respectful and considerate." (and fund this project ffs!) =] @And Maria: Games to the Amiga back then was really expensive. I remember that, one had to pick carefully. @Maria: You basically prove my point, you use German because it's your language and English hasn't been a natural part of your upbringing, unlike in mine and others. The same goes for France. :) @Indira Sounds good :) Nice to see this project here. Yesterday i have become my Dune 2 from my childhood back. I know its a real-time strategy game, but i like both and its a similar style of gaming. At the time my parent dont have money to buy games like battle isle for amiga(or other games i want play). Girls must play with barbies and ponies and....you know. Now i am old enough to buy what i want. So good luck! :) About germany : Have you ever been in france? French love their language in very extreme way(ok not all but many) In German its like LC say and dont forget: English is not the world and not all people (like me) can speak it so good as you. So...Grüße aus Österreich!(greets from Austria)! @Elfwyn, Frost, JSS: How about two modes - one with a base (catch the flag?) and one with turn-based income/resources? @LC: Great initiative! @Elfwyn @JSS_606 OMG I loved MAX too ! I wish we could add some of the concepts in this game like base-building and scanning for ressources ! Copied from another project here on ks (for international press coverage): Bluesnews - <email> RPGWatch - <url>"optional complexity" goes well for less experienced tactiticians as well as for Gaming Magazine Reviews. 41K! Yay! @LC: A very good point indeed. Visiting Germany today and like even fifteen years ago is like two different worlds. Back then, you needed to know German to get by, now you don't - as long as you turn to younger Germans for directions or what not. And the internet certainly helps making English a more viable lingua franca in Germany. @ Indira @ Dablue I think there is a change of minds among the younger German generations as respects the usage of the Enlish language (at least in circles of higher education). I know many, many college students who prefer watching movies in cinema in the original version, as well as TV series and games. In 10 to 20 years English will be much more common in German every day life and in entertainment, even more than now. :) And I love you, too! (purely platonic) :P I was a huge M.A.X fan in the old days, will you be shamelessly ripping off (I hope) some of the ideas from there, such as the per stat upgrade systems, logistics, resource gathering and so forth? Also will there be terrain effects such as elevation, movement modifiers, LOS penalties etc? Awesome job breaking 1000 backers! Being a Mac nut, I really appreciate your support of the platform. I have put a shout out for the project at MacRumors, a pretty big Apple fansite. Keep it up! At last ! A game like good old Battle Isle ! Thank you so much King Art Games :) Likewise. A big platonic cuddle from me to you, guys! :) @Indira: Yeah, i dont know why most germans are so protective about anything german, that when you make a joke about it.. they seem to snap. @LC / Indira: i love you guys ;p (in a purely platonic fashion;p) @DaBlue: No problems! And I love languages, so our lession on "gelult" will get logged in me brain. I think it's not all on purpose, though. In Germany, as well as in France, they are protective around their first language, so they dub everything on tv and in games, so German for them is like English for Americans, almost a necessity. ;) Whereas in the Benelux countries and in Scandinavia, English is almost second nature to the citizens, in part because of subtitles on tv and no dubbing of computer games. @ Indira @ Dablue I promise that I will post solely in English here. :) @indira: ;p. Well, I dont want to be rude.. but its annoying. Same thing happened with Project Giana. I honestly dont mind people joking around, but do it in english, for us all to see what is going on. oh btw gelult is dutch lingo for "talking" ;p @ dablue Dogs don't need cars. They need nice owners with cars. @Fluck: Nice to hear greetings from Switzerland! @DaBlue: That's true, when devs are German, people get the feeling that the comments get spammed by German lingo. I sort of understand Dutch, at least enough to know that "gelult" is just three words too much for an obscenity to be written... (lul, lol) @Lc: kicking it forward TM to a certain doggie that needs a new car. @fluck: yup de groeten uit amstedam. Tijdens KS-ers waar de developers duitser zijn, denken de backers dat er maar massaal duits moet worden gelult. Cool, 40k! :) @ King Art Have you thought about joining the "kicking it forward" initiative yet? Habe gebacked und dann erst festgestellt, dass ihr aus Deutschland seid. Coole Sache! Dann werde ich wohl doch noch die Werbetrommel für das Projekt schlagen. Grüsse aus der Schweiz! Actually, i wouldnt mind a combination of this game and some of your older (adventure) games. but those titles will probably be owned by the publisher and ungiftable for you guys. @KingArt: Well color me impressed. Wow, 40,000 dollars! One third milestone reached! Congratz, King ART! :D Also, without further ado, here's my suggestion for a tier that would make me up my pledge in a heartbeat: "$60 CURIOSITY BATTLE KIT Get the BATTLE KIT - MAJOR EDITION as well as access to ALPHA versions of the game and a copy of UNWRITTEN TALES (Steam-key or other distributor)" I was drawn in fromanother KS and backed this because of a great pitch video and the classic turn-based Panzer General feel to your game - plus the wonderful graphics. Well, now that I'm curious about King Art, I miss a tier like the phony one above where I can get your Unwritten Tales via backing this project of yours. So, pretty please, make the tier above a reality soon! And make it an early bird limited edition at first or something. Cheers! @KingArt - How massive armies can you control (are there any limitations)? Can you call reinforcements during the game or are all units set beginning of the game? @KingArt: I love you guys /pinks tear How will you get the 2/3 rd of the funds that arent KS related? will that be from investors? or? Bluesnews already did some coverage: <url>"Hero" units - named units that are just a tad better than the regular ones - or with slightly different abilities. Items - all units being able to equip a few items to improve their abilities. Longer barrels for artillery resulting in improved range. Improved armor for extra defense or improved engines for better movement - you get the idea. 5? Somebody backed out. Grrr... One of my first PC game was History Line. Soon followed by Battle Isle 2, and 3. I really liked the unit progression by collecting XP-"Stars" through victories. BoUT is my favourite point and click adventure because of its beautiful presentation (never seen a better 3D-P&C up until now), bullseye humor and attention to every tiny little detail. That is why I trust KAG to deliver a high quality game in other genres as well. Just 4 to go. Come on! 6! hope you guys get a lot more than the goal. trying to spread the word, hopefully the international press soon starts covering you , i ve mailed to RPS and Spacesector but as a nobody i m not sure they even read it :p @Nameless: I'd like to underline your suggestions. 7! A lucky number, no? Worst case is that the international media won't report about this unless it get's funded fast, such that it stands out. Maybe making the higher tiers $75+ with alpha access more lucrative by giving more details about the alpha/beta features with expected release dates could help. Also i'm missing an early bird tier at this level, say for the $75 and $100 tiers to motivate backer to give up their current early bird pledge at $25/$45. So how about new early bird tiers limited to 150 backers each for $75/$100 -> $65/$80 alongside with a teasing update on alpha/beta content and rough dev schedule. If you can tell people that they will have online games with matchmaking and rudimentary AI in summer it might motivate some to plege much more and thereby draw more attention to the project. You could also think about adding alpha/beta access as an add-on. 8... Hilfe! 10! @A.A. That's the spirit! Thanks! :) And no more than 12 to go now... Spannend! It is TBS not RTS =D (turn based strategy / real time strategy) Backing as a fan of KingArt- specifically, BoUT- rather than the project itself. Not an RTS fan, but I do hope this project goes well for them. All the best! :) 14... 18! Yup, and now it's just 20 backers to go till 1,000. Hurry, folks! Ah, sweet. So we have 30% founded in less than a day. *happy* Just 29 left, then 1,000 backers. Get going now! @True: Now, you have your 30 % already! :) Good morning Europe! I expect at least 30% from you today. IF America jumps in we might reach the 50% today... =) 950 backers, nice! Just 50 till 1,000! And by then it will be one third funded. Great! @Elfwyn: Nice questions. @King Art: And really satisfying answers. One thing though - have you considered more xp upgrades than just two. I love to have one or two seasoned units that you get to name and such with even more upgrades, like in those Civilization games. :) What about... - Unit experience - Unit Pool to take into the next missions (Single Player) - Allowing Big Map Sizes (to allow for sneaky pincer moves) - Ammunition, Fuel / Ammo Trucks, Tankers, Refuel-Planes, Aircraft Carriers - Cooperative Missions and Configurability of Multiplayer Games (Factions,Teams, winning Conditions) - Map Editor, Mission Scripting and Modability. Translating David Elgert: "What do you do if you surpass your financial goal - 200.000 for example."? I loved Battle Isle 3 so I really hope this game catches some of the feel of that game as well as the depth and variety in units. Flying Fortresses and Rocket Tanks in the game? haha, one can dream :) Took me about 1 1/2 minutes tops to decide to back. I love turn-based strategy games and can't wait to play yours later this year. I did have one question... how many people can play multi-player (live or asynch) in a game? In other words, if I wanted to do a live multi-player or an asynch multi-player game with 3 other friends... will that be possible in the beta or final version? Would one of the kind German backers perform translation duties for us language-poor US Americans? I, of course, wouldn't ask you not to use your native tongue, but it would feel good to be able to follow along. I'm afraid that my machine translations make a fine hash of your mighty language, and leave me wondering what marvelous topics you are discussing. :-D Was macht ihr wenn ihr Finanziell übers ziel hinaus kommt zB 200.000? You are a ways off but you should hit your target goal at this rate. Lets talk stretch goals, what are they? *Battle Worlds: Kronos" of course..... :P @ Elfwyn Yes, we will try to do so. I just stated that the news about the kickstarter of Battle Wars: Kronos was on nearly every German gaming portal but on hardly no English speaking portal. Imo the devs should try to speak with Rock, Paper Shotgun and other famous American websites soon to gain publicity and to push interest of English-speaking fans for this project. :) I just love your past games and I am looking forward to your new project. I personally hope, that some of the advanced features of the last real Battle Isle will be included. Like ammunition, fuel and carrier units (maybe for the higher difficulties). Oh .. and.. Please keep the language at english, so all pledgers can participate in the discussion. Ah die (RPS, etc) kommen schon wenn sie sehen wie erfolgreich das hier ist. Wir müssen nur a bisserl Vorarbeit leisten. ;) @ duncan10r Ja, die Meldung lief die deutschen Spielemedien heute hoch und runter (PC Games, Gamestar, Gameradar, 4Players, usw) Nur international war fast nichts zulesen, kaum eine englischsprachige Meldung darüber gelesen heute. Das muss sich zweifellos noch ändern, so bald als möglich hoffentlich. Rock, Paper Shotgun und Co. sind eigentlich Pflicht, um amerikanische Fans anzulocken. :) Hehe, gute Nacht dann, hab euch den Schlaf verdient! :) Das ist wirklich klasse Leute. Auf dieses Spiel habe ich lange lange lange gewartet. Ich hoffe sehr, dass die Community euch mit Geld überschüttet. Euer aktueller Status ist ja schon recht beeindruckend. Steht die Info, dass ihr am Start seid schon bei PC Games und Gamestar? 32.000. All binary guys rejoice Gibt es auch mobile reperatur Einheiten im Spiel ?? ( und auch für Munition und Kraftstoff ?... wie damals in BI ? But nevertheless they are here right now, so my words are quite worthless.... ;) There won't be an update for the next 12 hours at least I suppose. It's already 11 pm in Germany. ;) This is sure going smoothly. Perhaps an update is in order soon? I think he has already gone back to his basket, shark.... ;) Who let the dog in? Hey dablue! @ Dablue Ehhh, we have improved our methods: today we ruin the rest of Europe with economic domination and monetary oppression. And this time we have greater chances than ever to succeed.... :P @lc: haha yeah thats true... Well practice makes perfect huh ;) But as for soccer on the other hand... :D @ Dablue Maybe....but nobody told us how to win..... :P Na endlich! ;-) I wonder how the story is told btw The drugs in my system are wearing off... Need to do the howling tomorrow /yawn. Well its a german game and if there is one thing germans know how to do... Is making a war. Go, DaBlue! Bark at the evil spirits that hold KS counters back when you watch them. And the dog is here... :D 1/4 done :) Yes!!!! :) Thar she blows Looks very promissing 30K in the bank, and what a pledge! 37 Played "Unwritten Book" and liked it. And with a turn-based game and linux support the decision was really easy. You deserve the chance to make this game 112, Weltschmerz! 113 hehe, you're doing good, Indira..... :) Gah! 138 So close... 163 188 Godspeed! Faster.... :D 233 233 My case is worse. I claimed erronously that 20 % was done like hours ago, so I ow King Art this countdown! ;) Soon, soon, and my prediction will come true.... :) 283 393 443 ;) 498 528 now Only 673$ to go for 30k! :) I am now on board..... :-) Hello all ! .... Anyone know how to do this modern reddit technologiez? I did a post about this campain in r/games/, but I think it's not showing up at all. @ Crosmando The point is that it os very difficult to get it right, in particular with the available hardware. Looks very cool, I just hope that these guys take AI seriously and don't lean too much on multiplayer. AI in strategy games is something which is rarely ever gotten right. Last strat game I played with AI that felt "smart" was M.A.X by interplay way back in 98 28K, zooom! :) $2500 in the last hour? Awesome, let's do this. The numbers are rising fast now. Great! Backed this immediately based on screenshots alone. Just watched the video, and WOW! This looks awesome, and it'll be done by Christmas! You guys rock! No, S.D. Art triumphs over all. If it takes a (underdesired) calendar for them to realize their artistic vision... so be it ;) wow this Game looks nice, i hope it will backed:) Hi, I like the quality of the game and hope my little help can make this game come true! Cheer! to all King Art Games folk! Noppon - Corecell damn typo..... I wanted to say "it CANNOT be negative to use the initiative".... @ King Art Games Great suggestion about "Kicking it forward" from Blackstaff. This step would garantee some serious public interest in the project and you've already shown (by your backer history) that you are willing to back great projects yourself. It can be negative to use the "Kicking it forward" initiative from Brian Fargo to spread the word and get in contact with other great developers who could be wiling to push your project and perhaps might even give you some insider tipps how to manage a really successful KS campaign. :) Hi, Tolles Projekt! Sind die Inhalte der Battlekit Major Edition exklusiv für Kickstarter Backer? Well, Corpselocker, maybe the women of KING Art don't want to be sex symbols for the pleasure of Kickstarter, and just want to make great games instead. Have you considered that? :-) So I had to jump in before the early bird major edition is gone. :-) Great so see that you did some serious KS campain research. Most of the elements are done right. Hopefully, you don't alter the pledge levels too much as this is in most cases no good idea if they're done right at the start. Now you should convince Rock Paper Shotgun to write an article as this is worth 10k alone. Hope my article helps a litte bit: <url>"to be considered" list items :) Great project ! I had to back it. I deeply love that type of games. :) Have you thought of supporting the "kicking it forward" initiative. With the impressive list of projects you already backed, it's pretty much like you are already doing it. :) And people love when devs support each other. Apart from getting the word out, one key is activity in the KS forum itself - here, in the comments like Feargus over at Obsidian, and with lots of updates and new tiers and add-ons all the time. Sadly, Shafer for At the Gates was not very active in that regard, apart from brilliant updates that rather was about making the game. That project and this is comparable in size, so I think there are lessons to be learnt here. @ Indira It's good to hold some tiers and stretch goals back in order to push interest during the campaign. I think there will be more things like that after some updates.... :) 25K, zoooom! From the fresh Fargo/Torment article on Torment and Kickstarter campaigns over at ADaylIst: "[a]list: The prizing tiers are fantastic, both in terms of the thought and effort put into them and the presentation. Do you think prizing is a driver to get backers on board or is it the equivalent of a point of sale tactic, getting them to give more once they believe in a project? Brian Fargo: No tier reward system will work unless there is genuine excitement and demand for the game." So, basically, there is a lot to gain from coming up with great prizing tiers, however, without interest in the game, it will only go so far. However, in this case I think the interest is more than substantial. :) lol, very nice: exactly 600 backers, exactly 25k :D And 600 backers :) 25k :) Only 105$ to 25k :) I second S.D.s idea: It's another thing for the tiers. You have a lot to gain to add some interesting tiers and add-ons, some could be done ASAP, others you can portion out along the campaign. Hey guys, it is great to see that you decided to take Battle Worlds on Kickstarker. So everyone, let us show the non-believers out there that we can do it and back this project :) Turn-based strategy, totally up my alley. I'm just sad I don't have more cash to throw at this and snag some naming rights (I adore little perks like that) might up my contribution a bit though as the more I read about this, the more I like. Here's hoping other backers help fill out the budget for you fine folks! No problem, guys! I just really want to see you succeed, and for great games to land on Linux :-) Haha, I like the special "Notch-Ediction" tier.... :) Is it really Notch who took it? 30k (1/4 of the goal) could be possible today.... :) Now, 20% funding after roughly 0.8% of the KS campaign. Also, do you have the ability to add downloads for your other games as perks for higher-tier digital rewards? This is a very common way for indie studios to sweeten Kickstarter rewards (if they own digital distribution rights to their games). I have seen dozens of examples of this amongst the many projects I back. It could be a way for gamers who were planning to buy your games anyway to simply send those monies through Kickstarter and further the funding goal, rather than buying them. I know that there is little cross-over between science-fiction turn-based strategy, and fantasy-themed classic point-and-click graphic adventure, but they are all great games, and you have the time to add that perk. Besides, even the strategy-only fans have a friend somewhere who loves adventure games, and you can award gift-able keys! Again, if you have the rights to do so, then never forget that your previous work can be a wonderful resource to draw from when constructing rewards! Many indie developers forget this, and it is a mistake. Let's get this project funded! 24K, zoooom! :) @KING Art Games: I'm backing, not only to support your commitment to Linux, but also for Battle World (turn-based strategy is usually my pace!), and also for the Unwritten Tales adventure games. I have those wonderful games of yours, as well, and consider you to be heroes in Linux gaming for taking a chance bringing those beautiful worlds to us before crowd-funding became so prominent. Thank you KING Art! I'm happy to contribute to talented indie developers, and help reduce the risk of taking a chance. Good luck! :-D @ mtgmailing Creator KING Art Games about 5 hours ago @Dermott: 10%! Yes! But 90% to go... and we got three cool stretch goals in the back of our mind... ;-) 23K now! Almost 20 %! I'm loving all these turn based RPG/Strategy games that Kickstarter has allowed to get made. Have you thought about adding stretch goals to the project to add encentives for extra funding (more factions, units, maps, ect.) or have you already decided on how you want the finished game to be? It's all about spreading the word right now, but I reckon a few more clever early-bird pledge tiers would increase pledges early on. Torment did that very well (perhaps too well). It's a great idea for a stretch goal to be sure! :) And this kind of game would fit nicely with the capacity of today's tablets. @ Ian @Shark Sure, it won't work on all systems due to hardware constraints but that shouldn't be the problem. Win8 is not that big atm but I think it will get bigger in the future. ;) @ Ian, current gen tablets are quite powerful and you can always turn off some fancy effects. I agree that the game material looks fantastic, in particular the miniarure effect at 1:27 ff. @ LC Fine with me. I wouldn't call Win8 a major tablet system, though. ;) This kind of question can be sorted out with a backer survey. @Nameless/Indira/LC It's possible, depending on the shaders/graphics tools they are using. It would likely be only coming to the beefiest of hardware though, considering how pretty the game looks. @ Achim @ Shark If there was a stretch goal it should be for all major tablet systems which means iOS, Andoird and Win 8 Mobile.... ;) I second @Achim's suggestion. iOS would be awesome. and feasible with unity 3D i think. My dear friends at KING Art: I KNOW this will be great and I can't wait to finally play it. The only thing that must happen to make it perfect: an iOS stretch goal. This is made for tablets and I hope to be able to play it on iPad one day. All the best and thanks for this great game!!! Awesome! Thanks for the quick reply. I like the concept of the Squadleader tier, but I likes my special LE stuff, so it would be great to get all the benefits of Squadleader plus a couple of shinies that I can lord over my enemies with. Congratz, 500 backers! Thanks for the quick reply too! :) For some reason, I miss a few pledge tiers, especially digital ones. How about some combo of the digital battlekit major edition and alpha access (and make it early-bird!)? Also, that squadleader kit is nice, but why just four? Lots of people will play with a best friend or a partner. I suggest a tier with two copies and alpha or something, and perhaps one with three copies and the same thing. Yet another suggestion: Digital alpha edition has 2 copies (however, it seems just one will get the alpha, hmm...) - and it has some cool colour special for multiplayer: I think it would be cool if that special colour scheme works in single player too. And feel free to make a combo of digital battlekit major edition and that colour scheme (early-bird perhaps again?), or perhaps digital battlekit major ed, special colour and alpha access. Mmmm, no I don't think you understood my question. I'm wondering if I can add like 5 more digital copies to my pledge to get my friends interested in the game. If I can add say, 5-6 digital pledges to my level, I can give them to my friends for free (or charge them the additional cost) and that way I can start up with a bunch of friends to play with. The early bird pledges are going fast... And now! Less than 100K now! :D Backed. Can't wait. Hope it will be funded successfully. Good Luck! In Bälde... Alright, now let's get working on "The Women of King Art" calendar add-on. 20,000 dollars, a sixth of King Arts goal! Yay! > But we hope we'll be able to ship more versions with the help of stretch-goals. Let's hope we'll be able to raise enough money for Russian and other languages! Backed. I normally prefer RTSs, but this one looks very interesting @Scott MacFarlane, I also liked M.A.X. @ King Art Nice backer history btw..... :) Two of my favorite PC games of all time: M.A.X. - turn-based strategy MissionForce: CyberStorm - turn-based strategy The game I put in my GBA 9 years ago and have not removed: Advance Wars - turn-based strategy Instantly backed! Thank you thank you thank you! Asynchronos multiplayer? Turnbased? Linux support? Sold! @Neo What languages are supported? There will be at least an English and a German version. But we hope we'll be able to ship more versions with the help of stretch-goals. AND we will support fan-translations as well. How about adding the Russian language? @ King Art I think Ian wanted to say if it will be possible to add another digital copy for a friend or a gift. Usually KS game project give backers that option via add-ons. :) @ King Art The start of the kickstarter campaign got its own article at PC Games. <url>"At the Gates", which I funded. Those graphics were simpple and prototypical. Backed! Would be great to see turn-based strategy resurrected. Just playing Panzer General II again.... @ LC Too late: <url>ürlich die Summe deutlich geringer ist)..... ;) @LC Richard Garriott könnte sich in dem Pitchvideo mal ansehen wie vorzeigbares pre-Alphamaterial aussieht. :D @LC: Nope, they are far from "gestorben". And the stuff in the video was really appetizing. Even that prototype looked nice. Soon, it's 20 % funded. Great! Will there be an option for adding additional digital copies to pledges? I hope this game will be funded soon. :) Schön zu sehen, dass TBS Spiele noch nicht tot sind. Und sehr gutes Pitchvideo btw.... ;) Backed! Ist ja schon mächtig eingeschlagen. @Automaton: My sentiments exactly. The trend to make every game an RTS has pushed me away from strategy games over the years. It's great to see push back on that front. We need more turn-based games! Backed! Alles Gute und viel Erfolg! Another drone that got guided here by a comment from Torment KS - This looks pretty awesome! Some more info on the alpha scope would be very cool. ;) Finally! Instantly backed! Cool! I gota tip over at the Torment KS campaign, and after having watched the video and read the info I immediately backed it. I just adore 4X-like games that are turn-based. Kudos for making this and putting it up on Kickstarter! :D Finally someone goes for a decent Battle Isle clone! Have you thought about a recording option. That's something I really missed at BI. It would be awesome to replay the previous battle and zoom into hot zones. Can't wait for the game.... and I still hope that someday somebody will bring Battle Isle 4 Incubation back. Still one of my most favorite games of all time :) Hail to Klaas "Notch" Kersting for the 5.000$! Yeeehaaaa! :-D Looking forward to it. I'm really glad that turn-based games are making a great comeback, thanks also to kickstarter. Btw, I suppose it's too late to ask for a sandbox mode and/or randomly generated maps? 11,5k after the first couple of hours - not looking to bad, is it? However, I hope that this will not delay your other projects? I`m really looking forward to playing "The Raven" :) Backed! Habe gestern mit einem Kollegen über Battle Isle gesprochen... Wahnsinn, könnt ihr Gedanken lesen?!? $10k congrats! Boston is the new Bremen, heh? ;) Good start! :) close to 10% and still on the first day of the campain. Ich freue mich darauf mal wieder "Battle Isle" zu spielen ohne Emulator etc. und natürlich mit neuen Ideen gespickt! Viel Erfolg! ein tolles Video habt ihr zusammengestellt! Auf geht's - Viel Erfolg! I loved Book of Unwritten Tales!! And if there will be a mix of Starcraft and Wizards of the Arcane Magic, developed by a decent game developer studio then I am up for it. I've worked with these guys on Critter Chronicles for Germany, and they are an outstanding bunch. Very happy to do my part. Good luck guys! Really hope you make it! Backed! Good luck with this one! Viel Erfolg!