It’s been awhile since we’ve posted something (it has happened before, we know) but now is a time for us to look back together, but also to look forward to the future of Beam. Your opinion in this is crucial to us. We would really like to know your experiences, but also your opinions about the future of Beam! We have a TypeForm survey online that takes less than 5 minutes and you'd really help us out by filling it in (and you get to see new fancy things)! To the survey! What has happened? The assembly of Beam took place between October and December 2015 in China. After a pilot build of 100 Beams, things were set for the full speed assembly in order to get everyone's Beam delivered as soon as possible. Shipping At the end of 2015 and start of this year we shipped out almost all of the Kickstarter Beams. They were separated in two batches and not all of them traveled as smoothly as we hoped. Some Beams were returned to us weeks or even months later due to customs issues, postal service mix ups, incomplete addresses and a healthy dose of bad luck. Still we managed to start shipping in December and deliver around 95% of all Beams in January 2016, so that’s not a bad score. That makes our campaign 3 months late in delivering your Beams (the average appears to be 7 months!). Although we’re sorry about that, we still think we made the right decision to choose for reliability, build quality and safety over a timely delivery. Software We’ve also spent a lot of time to get the software on Beam better. Especially the wonderful world of Wi-Fi and network management have proven to be challenging to get right for every different environment Beams are used in. We’re still frequently updating the Beam Remote apps for iOS and Android to make it easier for you to connect to Beam. There's also an update on the way for Beam itself, so use the "check updates" app on Beam to get it soon! Beam: A Kickstarted company After almost all Kickstarter rewards and pre-orders for Beam had been fullfilled we shifted the company towards a retail launch for Beam. Because of the help of our backers we were able to present a convincing case to investors. Now backed by investment money and armed with experience from the Kickstarter adventure we turned Beam Labs from a crowdfunded collective into an organized company. We set up distribution channels, design guidelines, made lots of movies and pictues, updated the software and set out to build more Beams. What’s going on now? At the end of next week Beam will be available in around 30 shops worldwide, ranging from design shops, home interior and high-end electronics stores. If you know some shops and stores that would be great for Beam, let us know! We're now working with 6 people full time on Beam amd we're looking to expand ( join us! ). What have we got planned? An update for the Beam firmware New apps/functionalities Accessories for Beam ...Perhaps later a new Beam version? Take the survey so you can influence what we focus on the coming time and also so we can learn from your experiences with Beam. By the way, we actually make use of our social media pages now. So follow us on Facebook , Twitter or Instagram to get first hand news about software updates, accessories and other Beam related news! Unresolved matters We’re still missing 11 addresses for backers. If we don’t have an address we can’t deliver your Beam(s)! Check your Kickstarter profile and inbox for messages or send us an email to <email> . Feedback! Please let us know how we've been doing and what you'd like to see different for Beam, but also for future acessories! Take the survey! Sorry to keep you guys waiting for so long! We really should start planning these updates a little better. Let’s start with the topic you are all waiting for! Start of assembly As we mentioned the last time, all components have been sourced and ordered. We are currently waiting for the last few components to arrive at our manufacturer before we can start assembly. Our supplier for the electronics gave us an estimated delivery date of the 18th of November. As soon as the electronics arrive we will personally travel to China to speed up the assembly process! The planning is that all Kickstarter Beams will be shipped throughout December. We are doing everything in our power to get you the best quality Beam ASAP! Tooling sample! We just received our first mass production tooling samples of the outer casing. Just take a look! It turned out even better then we hoped it would! We can’t wait to start shipping your Beam to you, so you can see and feel it for yourself. Beam apps We've also finished some more Beam apps for you to see. As displayed on Kickstarter before, we have a weather app and a clock app that you can use. Together with the actions in Beam you can set rules like "If it's between 7am and 8am, show me the weather forecast for that day". Addresses We are still missing the shipping information of 30 backers. If you haven’t done so already please send it to <email>. In our next update we will share pictures and videos of the assembly process! -The Beam team As is often the case with Kickstarter projects we've had little time to keep you guys up to date. In this post we hope to answer a lot of questions you've asked us in one go. We've been really busy with the last few miles of Beam, but we're proud to be able to show you the result soon! Beam production The good news: Most of the components of Beam have been ordered and we are awaiting delivery of some components so we can start assembly. Unfortunately we've had some bad luck with suppliers stock running short and we had to take some more time to make sure Beam is absolutely safe to use (CE and FCC approval). Everything is back on track now, but that means that we do have some delay. Current estimate is that we can assemble and start shipping Beams in November (yes, this year). We apologize for the delay, but please understand that we want to deliver a great quality product. Sometimes that means we have to take the time to turn things from just OK to exactly right. We've included a picture to show you that it's worth waiting for your Beam to arrive: Beam software development The software on Beam itself is now nearly finished. We are including some tutorials and set up screens to guide you through the installation. We will keep working on making more apps for Beam that you can download later to make your Beam do even more! We're also preparing to put the control apps for iOS and Android in the App Store and Google Play Store. You can see a preview of the app on iOS and the web interface in the pictures below. The Beam Labs website has also been redesigned and expanded. It now contains more pictures and background info of Beam, so be sure to take a look at www.beamlabsinc.com ! Next step is getting our FAQ, support and developer pages online as well. Beam logistics As you have probably concluded from your mailbox we have started gathering your addresses and preferences for light sockets and plugs. We will start delivering Beams in the order of pledges. So founders club first, then early birds and then on a first come first serve basis. We're still missing around 7% of replies to the survey, so please fill in the questions so we can fully prepare shipping and know what version of Beam to ship to you! We know you’ve been waiting for some news about Beam, but we’ll make it worth your while because we have some special news in this update! Production prototype Yes, the moment is here. We now have a production ready version of Beam! You might think this looks like it’s created in a 3D drawing program, but rest assured this is an actual picture of the production ready prototype! As you can see we’ve had to make a few small adjustments to Beam for mass production. Due to our choice in production techniques and to optimize cooling we’ve altered the ventilation holes in Beam. We’ve also changed the projection front of Beam a little to make space for the lights and the projector inside. So now we have a awesome looking product that can actually be mass produced. And then there was light! On the inside everything is the same as we showed you before on the Kickstarter page, except for the fact that we have custom electronics for the LED lights in Beam now. We've made sure that you can use Beam as a normal lamp as we promised. BUT we have a few surprises for you, our backers. We've added the feature to control the LED lights with the app on your smartphone. So now even the laziest of backers can turn on the light without leaving the couch. Even better yet we have made the LED lights dimmable. Imagine an "If Then" that starts playing Barry White and dimming the lights when you and a special someone come home. Beam will hook you up! Future planning At this moment the development of Beam is going according to plan: we're entering the production phase soon. That means that molds will be created and perfected, the electronics will be produced and when we're satisfied with the results, the assembly will start. We have more exciting news to share soon, so we'll keep you posted! Since we launched Beam on Kickstarter we’ve had lots of enthusiastic developers asking us if and how they could develop apps for Beam. Of course the answer to if is YES! Via this message we hope to make you enthusiastic enough to start working on a Beam app. Creating an app for Beam is basically creating an app for Android 4.2.2. The main difference is that the context changes from a smart phone or tablet to a projected image on a flat surface. This creates endless new possibilities, especially if you also combine it with smart phones or tablets as input devices (oh the endless games you can create with this!) So, we challenge you to create an awesome Android app for Beam. You can come up with anything you want, ranging from multiplayer games to smart widgets. Design beautiful clocks and timers, cooking apps, weather apps or whatever your mind can come up with. Just imagine a smart projector that can project on any flat surface in your house. What can we do for you? We are there to support you in the process. If you have questions, want to share ideas or anything else: get in touch with us. From within your app you can control the brightness, lights on/off or projector on/off, but you will need our support if you want to do this. We are currently working on a protocol to allow control over Beam via external apps, which we will share as soon as it’s finished And of course we will promote the best apps to every Beam owner! Contact us via: <email> Hi Backers, It's now a couple of weeks since Beam was officially funded with your help, so time for an update. Hoodies We've sent everyone that has backed us with the hoodie or the Beam+hoodie pledge a message to request your size and gender. We're now finalizing these awesome hoodies to make sure you'll get this part of the rewards fulfilled asap! If you haven't received this question yet be sure to contact us. We'll let you know personally when we start shipping. Engineering We've spent a lot of time getting all the details right for the production of Beam. Currently we're making sure every little part of Beam fits perfectly together for assembly and of course to make sure everything you do with Beam looks and feels great. We're almost ready to start making the molds and casts so we can start production. We'll definitely post pictures as soon as we have our hands on the first samples! Software Beams interface is also coming together quite nicely. We've already shared some pictures of the clocks and news feed, but we'll be able to show a lot more soon. We're also busy to make sure that all the developers out there are going to be able to make great additions to Beam. So far we're still on track to get Beam shipped to you as planned. As soon as we can make some pictures to share with you again you can find them on our Facebook page, so check that out as well. The Beam team Hi Backers, After four weeks 1973 backers funded our dream to turn beam into a (your!) reality. So give yourself a big round of applause because that's what we are doing this very moment for you! What's next? At the moment we are working hard to prepare Beam for production. We are finalising the electronics inside of Beam and creating production ready prototypes. We will share more info and details on this process with you guys soon! We will also be sending out surveys this week to start the delivery of the awesome Beam hoodies. We have done extensive research on them and we can only conclude that they work as promised, they will make you irresistible! But in the meantime, let's stay in touch! Follow us on our Twitter and Facebook page: Twitter: <url>’t thank you guys enough for backing us. Without your support Beam would have been a dream of only a few people, but thanks to you it became a reality! The feedback you provided will help us to make Beam even better. We will keep you updated on all developments after the campaign ends and we love to hear your thoughts along the way. So expect a new update soon! Could you help us out in these last 24 hours? You would do us a huge favor if you clicked on both links below and share Beam on your Facebook and Twitter: Facebook: <url>’t have to project a full image on your wall, but just the weather information. So it can give you the weather for the entire day in the morning, project the current weather or automatically start projecting when (for example) it will start raining soon. With the energy efficient 20,000 hour projector lamp you can constantly project a clock on your wall. Or you can wake up in the morning with the time projected on your ceiling. Funny enough our toilet has the perfect setup for Beam, because it has a platform on the ideal height. Here you see a test of our news/feed widget. It projects an RSS feed and slowly goes through the headlines. Or you can make it go faster via your smart phone. (Toilet times have doubled at our office) And of course you can project holiday pictures on your wall. You can select the ones you want to view and how fast they will change (once a day so it appears to be a piece of art or every few seconds?). Hey all, For our first release of Beam we wanted to focus on the creation of an Android and iOS app for interaction. But over the past weeks many people contacted us with the request if we could also make it possible for them to interact with Beam via other devices. Your requests ranged from desktops, laptops and Windows phones. Well: we’ve got good news for all of you. We made it possible! Besides the iOS and Android apps our team created a web interface. With this interface you can control Beam from almost any device that has a browser and network connection. And if you are interested in making a third party app for Beam: get in touch with us. We’d love to talk to you and see how we can support you with this. All the best from the Beam team! After just 7 days we already are over 200% funding. We did hope that something like this would happen but seeing it come to a reality thanks to you guys is just amazing! Thank you all for your support backers! The first stretch goal is coming in sight! When we reach 800k we will increase the storage for all our backers to 16GB! So please share Beam with your friends, family, co­workers...anyone you think would be interested. The more we can welcome to the Beam-team the better! Thanks again! The Beam-Team A big thank you to all our backers! With your help we have already reached our goal in less then 3 days! You guys are awesome!! At this moment we already have 801 backers and are at $287.000. Thanks to your support it has been an amazing start of the Kickstarter journey. The Beam-team Great news for all the Backers that live in countries that use the Bayonet light fixture. We will send you a free E27 to Bayonet adapter to make sure that you can use Beam in your existing Bayonet light fixture! WOW! Thanks to you guys we are already at 80k in the first 30 hours! We are completely overwhelmed by your response to Beam. We will continue to work hard to get the best quality beam to you ASAP! Welcome to the Beam-team backers!