Shipping Post Mortum I can probably count on one hand the number of remaining Kickstarter backer updates I will write. We have shipped 99% of our Kickstarter rewards and pre-orders. If you were expecting a Bia and haven't received it, match yourself to a category and follow the instructions: 1. If you live in the US or Canada and reserved a Bia Watch + GoStick... You should have received yours by now. If you didn't it is likely because you never confirmed your color selection and address with us, so we were not able to ship it. If you still would like your Bia, please contact us at help@bia-sport.com and let us know before the end of the month. 2. If you live OUTSIDE the US &amp; Canada and reserved a Bia Watch + GoStick... We are still shipping international orders. We are doing these more slowly, working with a couple of lead customers in each country to make sure we've worked out all the kinks with both customs and our global wireless carrier. If you have any specific concerns ping us at help@bia-sport.com. Otherwise expect that we'll be emailing you all indivudually over the coming weeks as we finish that rollout. 3. If you ordered a Bia Watch (without a GoStick).... If you continue to want the watch only (no GPS no SOS alert), we'll send these out later in the summer once we feel the firmware on the watch is not going to change again. Without a GoStick, we have no way to update your watch, so we have to make sure everything is final final. However, if you add an GoStick to your order ( click here ), we will ship your Bia immediately. 4. If you supported us at a reward level below $99 and are not expecting a Bia.... What are you waiting for? Get yours here! We have almost all colors left in stock. Final Words I should say something poetic and heartfelt to wrap this all up. Or maybe something profound to capture the impact of what we all accomplished: funding a product, a company, and a type of entrepreneur that wouldn't have seen the light of day otherwise. Or maybe just something funny. But I am sort of tapped out on all of that. I think all of you know how grateful our whole team is for your support and patience. And you all know that this is not the end of our journey. It's just the beginning. And those of you along for the next stage of this adventure also know that I am not going to kick my "backer update" habit easily. Hence the Tips, Tricks &amp; [Fill in the Blank] email I've been kicking out to registered Bia athletes (if Bia is rocking your wrist, you ARE an athlete!) semi-regularly on Fridays. [Fade to Black?] C2K &amp; The Team I haven't recevied the final FexEx tracking number yet but I couldn't hold the news any longer. After doing one more quality check and filling out fresh customs paperwork, China will be shipping the next 700 Bia's to us later today. If you are still waiting for a Bia Watch + GoStick it will be headed to your doorstep next week! Honestly, there were times I thought this day would never come. This is a huge milestone for our still nascent company. Unfortunately it is not the finish line for us. It's actually just a start line. Our little company is not yet in the clear. We've spent months looking for just the right investors with as much disappointment as delight. So instead we've begged, borrowed, and hustled for all the progress we've made, compensated largely by deferred salary, sweat equity, and the satisfaction of delivering a product we are proud to use ourselves. In start-up terms, delivering all our pre-orders puts the ball back in our court. Fueled by sheer tenacity and pie, we can now control our own startup destiny because we now have a product to sell! And sell we must. In fact, we need to sell the !@#$ out of our rocking bit of wrist magic. We would love - heck, we need - your help spreading the word. You can tell everybody Have a friend eyeing your Bia? Order now and their Bia will ship next week! We've dialed in our engraving process. Use the code BOOM when they order before June 1st and your friend can get their GoStick engraved with their name, phone number, or motivational mantra for free. Here is friend-of-Bia Durell and his laser engraver raring to go! Ok, back to work for us. We are in the middle of rolling out new features to everybody (heart rate and 17 hour battery life!) and have a few more juicy items we are getting ready to push to field testers before the end of the month (intervals/track workouts and maybe triathlon mode?) So much to still do! C2K &amp; The Team The next 800 watches have arrived! If you are waiting on a Silver Watch or a Firefly Watch with a GoStick, your watch is right here: We have a handful of other colors too but 95% of this batch is Silver and Firefly. However we are NOT going to do another mad rush all night all weekend packing party this time around. Trust me, It's not because I want to spend Mother's Day engaged in delightful family activities and a long overdue Costco run with my tween-aged children. It's because we are VERY close to having firmware for some really big features ready to go, including: 17 hour battery life HRM integration Average Pace (we currently do real time pace) A fix to the last nattering GPS hiccup. And maybe another surprise or two. So we will have these 800 units in the mail by end of day Wednesday (exactly one week). And our goal is to have them loaded with all the juicy new capabilities listed above. As always, we'll send USPS tracking numbers out when the units hit the mail. If your Bia is a different color and not in this batch, it's already built and headed our way VERY soon. Just a little longer, I promise. Now back to work. We have 1200 hours (50 days!) of GoStick charging to do. (lucky we can do 70 at a time). C2K &amp; the Team PS: I still owe you all an update on Triathlon mode testing from this weekend at St. George 70.3. Version 1.0 of Triathlon mode is up and running but it was down to the wire and we had a little snafu getting it to me on time as I neglected to tell the team I had to install the update and leave the house at 6:15am MOUNTAIN TIME not PACIFIC TIME. That said, I raced with my Bia in single sport mode for each leg of the race and was quite pleased. More tips and tricks coming soon.... If you have never manufactured anything – doesn’t matter if it’s clothing in the US or electronics in China – you must think we are on an extended 2-week holiday right now. I mean how hard can it be to get a box (ok, 30 boxes) across the ocean? Ha ha. Harder than you would ever imagine. I will gladly take volunteers for my job at this point. I’ll treat you to a 24 hour slot as boss of Bia. I’ll lend you the battery booster for my iPhone, feed you pie, and maybe even let you use my Ironman Tahoe mug. We’ve been in legal and paperwork purgatory for the past two weeks racing the clock: The Chinese May Day holiday shuts down the entire country from May 1-May 4 An additional customs blackout period means no product leaves our manufacturer in Shenzhen for the first two weeks of May while the ominous sounding “customs handbook” is audited and updated. The good news: Bia’s are finally in motion! We were able to get product out of Shenzhen to Hong Kong before the customs cut off. This is a HUGE victory. The bad news: They did not make it en route to the US before the May Day shut down (China is a day ahead), so they will sit in Hong Kong over the weekend. But back to the good news: If everything goes as it's supposed to, at least 800 of the 1500 units should be en route to the US on Monday. The remaining shouldn’t be far behind. The team is already preparing to test, kit and ship as soon as they hit our office – even 800 means a lot of work! I will share insight on color mix as soon as it’s confirmed. Rumor has it the first batch includes at least all the firefly and silvers. I will share a master FedEx tracking number for the Hong Kong shipment when I get it. Once we ship these 800 units, 90% of pre-ordered units will have been delivered! The remaining 10% won't be far behind. As we wait, we are quickly adding more features and working out more hiccups. Here are some highlights: New Update: We just did another update that should fix the rare but annoying slow GPS issues and give us insight into any lingering issues. It should also fix most of the Error 34 update issues we experienced last time around. New Integration with MapMyFitness: Link your Bia directly to your MMF account using the Settings Menu on my.bia-sport.com 17+ Hour Battery Life: GPS tuning for longer battery life has been going slower than anticipated. We initially thought we'd have it solved by now. It needs a bit more tuning, so I won’t quote an ETA yet, but it's our #1 priority. HRM Integration: I have been testing HRM integration all week and am quite pleased. We are pushing it to field testers in the next 36 hours. Instead of using a strap I am testing my Bia with the new ANT+ Mio wrist-based HRM. Form factor definitely is better than the chest strap, but I haven’t taken it out for a long swell and sweat inducing workout yet, so the verdict is still out. Triathlon Mode: This weekend I am testing long battery life along with our first pass at multisport mode at Ironman 70.3 St. George. I am whole untrained for this race but am super excited. Product testing over a brutal 70.3 miles in 90 degree heat still counts as a welcome day off from work AND a chance to feel pretty fly in a smokin’ new race kit from the amazing ladies a Couer. I took my new Coeur kit for a test run and the women-specific cut and seamless no-chafe chamois was pure joy in the "crotchal region". And the GoStick / chapstick pocket is sheer brilliance. Show some of our favorite #sistersinsport some love at www.coeursports.com . Ok, back at it! C2K &amp; The Team This update is about a week overdue and I am pretty sure Rebecca is going to fire me if I don't get it out before the weekend...it's probably my most boring update ever, but it's packed with juicy info. If you are still waiting on your Bia: ALL 1500 remaining pre-orders (Kickstarter and post Kickstarter) are just about done being built in China. It took a little longer than anticipated because we introduced some new in-line QA processes (based on what we learned bringing the first 1000 units in-house for more QA before shipping them out) and we had a number of LCD's that were defective and needed to be replaced. If you pre-ordered a Bia at any time EVER (from the start of our Kickstarter until today) and have not received it, your Bia has been built and is in THIS batch of 1500. 1500 is alot. And a big jump up from the previous batches of 500. There is a LOT of work to do, and many steps both within and outside of our control, to get these completed devices from China to your doorstep. I do NOT have firm shipping dates yet. I will share firm dates as soon as I have something to share . As always, we will ship as close to the order that you ordered in (that sounded weird, but you know what I mean, right?) as humanly possible. If you already have your Bia: C2K to Team: So what should we do while waiting on these 1500 Bia's to arrive from China? Team to C2K: I dunno. Get some sleep and eat pie? or not.... The last few weeks have been exhilarating - in a way only a start up team could appreciate. We are running into all the growing pains we expected -- and some we didn't. And we are seeing some crazy edge-case bugs and system hiccups that occur less than .1% of the time, but that start to make an appearance as you log 5000 or 10,000 total real life workouts. Biggest Learning aka: Ouch That Hurt! Try as hard as we might everything is not going to be perfect on day one. Here are top 6 spots of "biggest learning" from the first 1,000 units shipped. 1. We had some *major* problems with kitting (about 15% of watches and GoSticks weren't paired correctly when they left our offices) on the first batch of shipments. Managing a low paid hourly task forced is different than running a high skilled engineering team. We felt the BIG sting of that for sure and have improved the process for the next batch. Good news? It's all process. So while frustrating to some unlucky customers and to Rebecca who's customer support duties skyrocketed the past few weekends, it's also easily fixable. 2. We learned how people were using the instructions we provided and we learned what was missing. The inbox and online experience for the next batch of Bia's that go out will be improved because of the feedback we received. 3. We had a number of devices in the first batch with a few flavors of small manufacturing errors. We (that means me and my core engineering team) are personally touching and testing the first 5000 units we ship so we can uncover and fix precisely these type of manufacturing, and in some cases design, issues. We probably won't completely prevent these units slipping through the cracks, but if they do crop up in the field we've been fast to hot swap. For us it's a thrill to literally make Bia better and better every day! 4.) The Bermuda Triangle of mailboxes on the corner of my street caused us a few problems on April 7th. Lesson: Hand it to Candy or drop it off at the postoffice. Never drop it in the box! 5. On April 10th we made (another) total amateur mistake with our first over-the-air update. About 15% of customers got the now famed "Error 34" message while the upgrade to their watch was installing. Turns out the update file got a teeny tiny bit larger, but the timing window we gave for that update to install didn't. Good news is that this problem has zero effect on doing workouts with your Bia, but Doh! Let's just say, that won't happen again. 6. And we did hit one actual bug around slow GPS connectivity. Some folks (under 2%) who were initially getting instant GPS connections in 30 seconds or less would wake up one day to a device that took 2 minutes or more (way more) to connect to GPS. We initially worried this could be a hardware issue (yikes!) so we were doing hotswaps by overnight delivery so we could get problem devices back in house to see what was going on. Those returned devices arrived at our office. We charged them up. We shook them. And KAPOW all instantly got GPS connection. WHAAT???? It was a strange mix of relief (not hardware!) and consternation (what the heck was going on). Luckily the slow GPS bug struck me this past weekend - and since my GoStick has some extra special magical capabilities - so we were able to confirm it was a software issue. We've figured out a temporary "in the field fix" for folks that encounter this. Next week we will rollout an update that should brute-force eliminate most of the problem (and not throw an error 34! when it installs itself) and also collect additional information to help us ensure it won't crop up again. Isn't technology riveting? The most important news though is that the overwhelming majority of early customers have been running, biking, and swimming with their Bia's with no problems and in pure enjoyment. Roadmap We are going to start to send roadmap updates directly to registered Bia users. But for today I'll do them in multiple places. I am NOT putting firm dates next to these items because they are subject to change based on issues we see in the field. Pushed to all Bia Devices Last Week: Auto-lap each mile on the run. Usability changes to ending a workout Improvements in Run Pace Testing in-house and pushing to field testers next week: Long (17hr) Battery Life HRM Integration Long Battery Life is a far-reaching piece of functionality that requires us to re-tune GPS. That is why we are taking our time with it. After that is done, other features will start to roll out more quickly. In progress right now and moving to internal test in 2ish weeks. Galloway Walk-Run Intervals Average Pace Triathlon Race Mode Stretch goal is for me to take Triathlon Mode on a live test at St. George Ironman 70.3 on May 3rd. Easy-ish Stuff Up Next Intervals/Slap to Lap AutoPause Integration with more 3rd party sites (testing MapMyFitness right now) Some Fun Surprises And the Next Biggies Pool Lap Counting LIVE Race Tracking Power Meter Integration?? (no promises but I know folks want it) Told you it was going to be a boring update. Have an amazing weekend full of miles and smiles. C2K &amp; the Team The next batch of Bia's just hit the USPS. 405 for right now. Here is where they went: The blue dots are this current batch. The green dots are the previous batch. If one of those dots belongs to you, we have already emailed you a shipping notice with your tracking number. If you didn't receive a tracking number don't worry. Your Bia is DEFINITELY in the next batch coming from China. All of our backorders will be fulfilled in this next batch! That final batch is slated for early to mid-April (all the GoSticks have been built. We see all 1500 pinging our servers every night!) and you know we'll share more details as we get them. Here's how this batch went down. All the last "custom" orders to the US went out: His and Hers, Engraving, etc. Everyone who backed us through KICKSTARTER and ordered a COLOR watch and lives in the US will be getting their Bia in this batch...with the exception of a few folks who ordered Firefly, like my parents. We sent as many Silver watches out to original KICKSTARTER backers in the US as we could. Wherever possible we prioritized by the order in which you backed us. This was not a pretty process to hand-transcribe and numerically sort piles of orders. If your Silver Bia is NOT in this batch it will be the first to go out in the next batch. We worked diligently with our supplier and I am stoked to say that Bia's from this batch are heading to Canada! We are going to try to ship all COLOR orders (minus firefly) to KICKSTARTER backers from CANADA by early next week. Your shipping notices will come soon. Stay tuned. Most watches were still shipped with one watch band. If you are due a 2nd band, we will ship those out in April when the final supply arrives from our vendor...and there maybe another fun thing or two included in that extra shipment. ;-) And final news.... We just started pushing the next update out to users. This update includes improvements to run pace, the much-asked-for automatic mile splits during your run, and a great little "end of workout" usability improvement based directly on YOUR feedback. Since this is our first time doing it outside of our field test crew, we are going to roll this update out slowly over the next week. You'll see it when it happens. Keep the feedback coming. We can't wait to see 405 new Bia's get fired up online!! C2K &amp; the Team What's in this update (besides LOTS of pictures): Shipping Status Results from the first 500 Roadmap for the next month Our favorite watchband hacks I know there are only 500 (actually 470) of you that are going to read this update. The other 2000 of you are just going to scan it for the FedEx tracking number of the next batch of units to leave China. Right? Shipping Status The next 500 units are built and packed but I do NOT have a tracking number from China yet. I am hoping if i type reallllllly slooooow I'll have it before I hit send on this update. They are in the temporary bermuda triangle of "shipping but not yet shipped" in the special trade zone at the Hong Kong border. It's like a customs cone-of-silence where people and packages are impervious to the social media cries of "is mine there yet. is mine there yet." Luckily the Bia team never sleeps (literally). We are pre-prepping for another week of Packamonium 2014 in our warehouse; the customs desk in Anchorage is on speed-dial; and the label printer is warming up as I type. Also the next 1500 Bia's are well underway. We saw first-round testing of 800 GoSticks pop up on the server this weekend. Our manufacturing partner has indicated all 1500 units will be complete by early April. Obviously we'll do some negotiating to see if they can ship them to us in partial batches. Stay tuned. The First 500: How did it go? Here is where they went - lots of them to cold places. Which is why these numbers - through Sunday - really blew our minds: And here are some of our favorite initial reviews. We really appreciate your spreading the word, and definitely letting folks know Bia is real and worth the wait as we work to get every one of our pre-orders shipped. From Paulette Ference, our first full review on her blog Just Keep Running! And from Katie Sweeney, our first unboxing video ! Everything wasn't perfect though. There were plenty of snafus as you'd expect with the first shipment of a brand new product. We were happy though, because you told us! On the plus side, none of the problems were insurmountable. In fact most of them will be addressed before the next 500 go out. We had a few folks that received bad units (9 out of 940 pieces shipped is less than 1%). We swapped them out quickly. None of the problems we saw were new and they all go to inform our testing processes. The big jump in the number of products in use also helped us a find: A brand new bug. It was a total "edge case" related to pushing pause right after starting a workout. Thank you Leslie. The fix rolls out next week. A rare lock up on the touchscreen that we finally were able to solve. Thank you Brie. The fix rolls out next week. And we also saw a few cases where GoSticks needed quick resets because of "sticky LED's" or "hiccups" in the cellular modem or accelerometer. The hiccups are beyond our control but we can add changes on our side so these hiccups fix themselves invisibly behind the scenes so you won't even notice. Some of those fixes will roll out this week. Some we want to test a little longer before rolling out. Some we probably haven't seen to figure out yet. Roadmap for the next month: What's Next? Hot off yesterday's whiteboard: Beta means the changes roll to our testers. OTA stands for "over the air" and means we start rolling them out to the Bia's on your wrists. China means we cut them over to the production process in China so we don't have to update devices when they arrive in the US. These dates are obviously subject to change - but it's what we are gunning for. Pace smoothing improvements solve the 00:00 problem that has cropped up for a few folks. So far I am very happy with the changes but will put them to the full test tomorrow on Yassos and a sharp-cornered run through the alley (trust me, i don't always run there!) And, yes, you are seeing automatic mile splits on that list (sort like below but slower)!! We are also working on some usability improvements based on early customer feedback that don't show up on this list yet. And if you missed our sneak peak at "longer battery life" this weekend, THIS happened: I know a number of folks have been asking about Walk/Run and Autopause . Both are coming. Both have other dependancies which is why we are not addressing them until the 2nd half of April, but it should go quick once we start. The final hard things after that are pool lap-counting and LIVE! tracking. Please just give our team a little time. We want to make sure every experience is working great for folks instead of rushing things. Favorite Hacks Watchbands are still on my personal To Improve list, but but that doesn't mean I'm not inspired by a good watchband hack. With a RoadID Elite (or Sport...anything but the Slim) Or with a loop keeper for extra security on the open water swim. That's it for now. We will send a shipping update when we have something more to share. C2K &amp; The Team After 2-days, 500 packages, and a post-pack celebration over all-you-can-eat-sushi, I think the whole team spent Sunday in "aero" position. I am not sure what was more impactful: Shipping 500 units (which is a WHOLE lot) or knowing that this is just the tip of the iceberg. We have another 2,000+ units to go! If you were in the first batch, you should have a shipping number in your email box this morning. If you were not in this first batch, just sit tight. We are back at it this morning getting the remaining Bia's built and in-house, prepped, and shipped throughout the month. We'll update you as it happens. This is our postal carrier. We filled her truck to the brim TWICE on Saturday, and she has a few dozen straggler packages to pick up from us today. This is backer-turned-packer Amanda taking her Bia home with her! We are shipping *roughly* in order of how you backed us with a few key exceptions: We needed to take all the complexity out of the system so we could outsource the kitting and shipping process when the next 500 and the 1500 after that, so *exceptional" orders moved to the front of the line: mainly His&amp;Hers and anything with engraving. We had to adjust to fit the watch/watchband combinations we had in house, mainly lots of "Man-bands" and very few Firefly watches. And then there was the last minute hustle when both CRM export and our label printer decided to go all "Bermuda Triangle" on us. Our postal rep was at the back door with her truck as Jen slow-rolled helping her load the truck while the rest of us frantically cut &amp; pasted &amp; macro'd &amp; stuck from CRM to Word to Excel to CSV to ReadyShipper to our label printer to our packages. And then we had to discard every third label becaus it mis-printed, and ignore the 4 blank labels between every usable label and .....sigh. Seriously, respect logistics. We have lots to beef up (and outsource) on this front over the next few weeks! We knew this was coming and growing pains are good. Alright, back to work for us. More updates coming soon. C2K &amp; the Team Good news! The watchbands are on their way! They are in the air and slated to arrive at our office tomorrow. We are pre-kitting the first 500 Bia's right now so that they are just waiting for final pack-out when those bands arrive. I just made that sound WAY easier than it really is. By the time USPS comes for their scheduled pickup of the first 500 Bia's on Friday at 12:30pm PST we will have: Pulled several near-all-nighters; Deployed a fleet of Task Rabbits (ok actually just 2) to drive across NorCal picking up last minute product labels to replace a snafu on the ones applied in China; Built industrial shelves to house all the packaging material that has arrived. 160 cubic feet is WAY bigger in real life than it is on paper - doh!; Spent at least 8 hours pouring over the thermal label printer cursing out the holy trifecta of Stamps.com, Endicia, and ReadyShipper; Taken a crash course in laser-etching; Used up 2 bottles of Febreze; Worn out a rubber mallet (no, really); The second batch of 500 Bia's are scheduled to ship from China at the end of next week. Then the remaining 2,000 on this first order are slated for mid-March. Once we get rolling this is going to go fast. Before You Ask.... You will receive a shipping notice and tracking number via email when your Bia hits the mail. PLEASE (pretty please) don't email us to ask us if your Bia has shipped yet. Stymied By Softgoods Ok, so this wouldn't be a backer update without a hitch.... Watchbands are on the way. We are getting enough, and in all the right colors, to avoid any further delays in shipping. However......the way the vendor split up our order we will only be able to initially send out one watchband with each watch. Many of you are slated to get two watchbands. This means that we are going to get lots of practice shipping because we get to do it twice! Woot woot! Start up glory at its finest!! The real irony here is that of all aspects of the product, it's the watchband I am least happy with. So maybe it's OK we'll get more practice sending out extra bands. You'll probably see us do it a couple of more times as we improve them over the next handful of months. Ok back to work. We'll send more pictures as we package stuff up to go! C2K Packaging has arrived. Temp help is scheduled. And watches are gathering dust waiting for watchbands. [Still promised to ship to us on the 21st] We could not possibly be any closer to getting this frustrating, improbable, gorgeous, brilliant, magical, by-the-skin-of-our-teeth, washing-machine-proof, #$@&amp;%*! product on your wrist. We've shared the ups and downs of product development these past 18 months. But we have been zip-lipped about one thing: Funding. It costs more than $2.5M to bring Bia to market. Angel investors, seed funds, venture capital; they consume a big part of our time. And it has NOT been easy. To say most of them are very different from us and our customers would be an understatement. Forbes published an article that captures some of the frustration we've experienced funding Bia. Read it HERE . It also conveys the enormous upside that occurs when women step-up as angel investors to fund female entrepreneurs . Lead By Example Every backer is an investor in our success. Six of our backers made a bigger bet on us. They approached us to become full angel investors. Their investments ranged from $5,000 to $125,000, based on their means and their investing comfort level. Most were first time angel investors. A few were seasoned pros. All now own a piece of Bia. We just opened a new funding round. Since there is such a big benefit to having investors that are more like our customers, we are doing things differently this time around. We are talking publicly about our funding and inviting qualified backers to become be angel investors in Bia. Current investors include Lemnos Labs and 500 Startups, but nothing would thrill me more to have the backers that believed in us from the start involved in an even more impactful way. Interested? You can check us out our investor profile and details of our raise on Fundable , or on Angel List , or email us directly at founders@bia-sport.com. Spread the Word Angel investing is clearly not appropriate for everyone. But everyone does have a voice and some friends. So let's make some noise! Help us spread the word on our raise AND share our special pre-order discount with your friends. Tweet 1 : I'm a proud @biasport backer. Let's help them nail their current raise <url>#!* done! RT Tweet 2 : Data shows female founders get more done with less. @biasport is proof. Let's nail this fundraise <url>#changethratio Tweet 3 : What a great review of @biasport by DC Rainmaker. <url>"a little short". It included this helpful chart. Huh? 20? No zeros missing? Nope. Just 20. Since when is 980 units short "a little" short? Naturally the supplier is closed for Chinese New Year until February 11th. The remaining 980 straps on this order and the additional 3000 on our next order will all arrive in California on Feb 21st. Remember my plan to ship product out gradually over 4-6 weeks? That just went out the window. The devices are going to arrive at a faster clip than the bands over the new few weeks. And we can't ship a watch without a watchband. So we will use the extra time to put them through plenty of extra testing and keep knocking out new features. That one table full of Bia's is going to become 12 tables of Bia. And we are going to be pulling some all nighters packing and shipping everything out all at once when the watchbands finally arrive. Yes there will be video. Yes we welcome volunteers. And hell yes, WE ARE SHIPPING! That is all. C2K and the Team Remember Why You Started It usually doesn’t take much more than a "competitive" product on our wrists – or seeing a competitor's ad -- to remind us why we started this journey and why we never quit. Ready To Roll So before we drown in the insane logistics around shipping out 2500 Bia's in 15 different flavors to 15 different countries with our still tiny-team, lets do some “housekeeping”. Here is how things are going to roll over the coming weeks. What's in. What's out. What's happening when. Mom, mom, are we there yet? aka: When Will My Bia Ship? The first 13 production Bia's have already arrived in the office!! The next 187 should leave China next week and we'll keep rolling from there. As I stated previously, the first 200-500 Bia’s are making a stop in our US offices before being sent out. Shipping progress will initially feel slow. But then it will speed up. ==&gt; If all goes as planned, all reserved Bia’s will be produced before the end of February . 1. US-bound orders that include Watch + a GoStick will go out first. The first ones will go to backers who supported us with one of the “fancy” backer rewards: engraving, beta testing, His &amp; Hers, etc. To keep things from becoming impossible after that, we will ship units out in batches, by color, in completely random order. We'll send notifications as units ship and keep you posted on progress. 2. International orders will go out second. Each needs a little "local market customization". But don't worry, all of them will work globally, like our recent run through Paris proved. 3. Watch-only units will ship last. Once we send your watch out (without a GoStick), we don’t have any way to update it. So we need to make sure everything on it is final before it leaves our hands. If you want to add a GoStick to your order, hop on it here . The Device With every new product - especially a first product - there are hard tradeoffs that get made during the development process. I am proud to say, ours have been minimal. But there are a few things you may (or may not) notice about your Bia. I want you to know we notice EVERYTHING. The "beep" from the watch is not as loud as we wanted. I'd rate it a "good enough" not "excellent". The touchscreen is reducing some of the contrast on the watch screen. This didn't negatively effect us in our months of product testing in LA and Portland, but based on field tester feedback, we have added special anti-glare/anti-smudge coating to the watch glass and pumped up the information on the screen to compensate. The backlight got cut in the final round of changes. To fit it back in would have required circuit board and mechanical changes that our fledgling company just couldn’t absorb. This was *the* most painful tradeoff we had to make in development and one of the top features we are committed to bringing back for the next version. We are working right now on optimizing user interface and readability in as many other ways as we can. This one hurts, and we feel it. Feature Roll Out Generally we are really excited. Ok. We are actually stoked some days. Core GPS is working just as we hoped. Our "magical" features that get your workout data online without you doing a thing and our ability to put new features on your Bia without you even noticing are solid. It's the stuff you don't notice that is the hardest but that makes the product magical. On the stuff you will notice, the full set of promised features will be rolling out over the next 6-8 weeks. Here's the plan. January (this what field testers are using) 8 hours battery life Run Bike Open Water Swim SOS Stopwatch with Slap to Lap Basic online workout log with maps February 12 hour battery life Auto-lap at each mile on the run ANT+ sensor integration, including HRM Walk/Run "Galloway-style" Intervals Easy integration of your Bia data with 3rd party workout logs and tracking sites March 17 hours battery life Pool Swim Multi-sport Race Mode (Oceanside 70.3 baby!) "Run Naked" An early version of *our* online/mobile site and community April Race day live tracking (premium subscription service). Flip screen (for lefties) A few other fun features we didn't disclose during Kickstarter or pre-sales. Watch Bands Bad news: Last weekend I was forced to jettison the cute metal badge on the end of the watchband. The manufacturing process is not consistently reliable at these low volumes, and I certainly don’t want 25% of you to end up with broken watchbands. Good news: We think we can get more consistent reliability using a higher volume manufacturing process so this is a "gone for now" not a "gone forever." And, as we improve the band it’s the perfect excuse to pop our new fun creations in the mail to folks who are using their Bia regularly. Just a little surprise to let you know we’ll never forget. Custom Team Bands: We are going to tackle these once we get the metal badge issue figured out and once the dust settles on shipping. Again, another fun way we’ll end up spicing up your spring. Race Band: We are noodling on a super secure triathlon-specific strap for those of us tearing it up in a mass swim start. I’ve been studying my son's new Shark surf watch for inspriation. Stay tuned. Oh, and did we mention?: Your RoadID fits perfectly on your Bia watchband. Ok, that's in for now. Back to work. C2K &amp; The Team You never forget your first run (or delightfully buzzed stumble) through Paris. Bia got ours this week - on DC Rainmaker's wrist! Read the full piece on his first impressions here! Here are our favorite quotes: "Now, what I thought was most impressive was just how darn accurate the SOS alert was." "It also found satellites quicker than any unit I’ve seen on the market – approximately 1.5 seconds. This was true both in Las Vegas, as well as in Paris." "Keeping distance on a track is actually the hardest thing for a GPS unit that I can find (seriously). The constant curving nature tends to throw off units, even if only by a tiny amount. However, the unit tracked very well in my simple 2-loop test – spot on." Not bad, eh? To be a new entrant in a market dominated by "the big boys" and to disrupt both the implicit male-biased and early-adopter perspective that drives the design of far too many technology products - nailing the "hard technology" is a must. There will be things about Bia you will love. There will be things about Bia you hate. But on the hard technology it is critical that we nail it. Looks like we are off to a good start. &lt;wink&gt; 2014? #justwatchus C2K &amp; the Team ....full field test update and more insight into our rollout plan coming next. If you missed yesterday's update, check it out here . No, seriously. Read it again, if you don't believe me. We started building your Bia's last night! We started building your Bia's last night! [cue whoops and hollahs!] The first panel of 6 circuit boards for the watch went through the pick and place machine, were loaded with parts, and passed board level tests. Jen flies to China on Sunday to oversee and approve every step of the manufacturing process, roll out additional testing procedures, and approve “first article” eg: the first 20 production Watches and GoSticks that will be delivered to Bia backers. Harder than Ironman I always imagined that delivering the news that we had started production would feel like being 100 feet from the finish on Ali'i drive, ready to celebrate like this. Unfortunately, I was wrong. Right now it feels more like The Crawl from Kona '97. Watch the full video here. Even if you’ve seen this a million times, catch the 2:18, it will become important later. Unlinke Mirinda, Wendy, Sian (and Julie Moss before them), we are NOT racing towards a finish line. Shipping puts our young company and fledging brand at the START LINE . We cannot afford to bonk before we get there. We can’t afford to hit the wall right after we cross. So last night when our manufacturing partner showed us their plan to ship most of our backer units before Chinese New Year, I said no. What?!? Yes, as much as I want Bia's on every wrist by the end of the month, I said NO. Based on what we learned from our field test build in early December, I decided that we are going to build and ship 200 units in January, and then deliver the remaining pre-orders in February. I want to be deliberate, not rushed. I want to focus on quality. I want to add additional testing to the process in China. And after the units pass inspection at the factory I want them all delivered to our offices in California so we can personally put them through one last round of testing and inspection before shipping them out at the end of the month. Our team will touch and test every one of the first 200 units (and maybe even the first 500 units) before they go out the door to backers. It's a daunting task. It will slow us down a few days. But this is the right way to do it. [end cautious CEO voice] I’ll provide more details on rollout schedule for units and functionality in the next few days. Plus, tomorrow I'll send you an update on how field testing is progressing...it's a juicy one! But for now I couldn't wait any longer to tell you that THIS is finally happening. And it’s happening now!! Hold on because the next few weeks are going to be a wild and fun ride! C2K &amp; the Team PS: Ok I have to share another installment of "You Can't Make this Sh*t up: Startup Edition". No matter how much you plan, no matter how much experience you have, start-up "firsts" have a way of biting you.... Remember that pretty picture of the Bia's in the pressure and water resistance tester I shared in the previous backer update. Well if you look closely you'll see that the pressure tester set off the SOS alert. It was pretty funny at the time because each of us on the team had our cell number hooked up to the SOS system. The watches were paired with GoSticks that were sitting nearby so we were all awaken (awoken?) in the middle of the night Pacific Time with an incessant stream of SOS alerts from Buji Industrial Park in Shenzhen. Looks like we just got the bill for that little snafu. $921 for 886 international SMS messages. Doh!!! (This rivals the $25K data roaming charge for the broken GoStick plugged into the wall at a co-working space (aka: bar) in Jamacia.) Clearly we need to roll a change into our testing processes for next week....and ask our wireless provider for another fee-waiver. Back to work! [if you got this email more than once, THIS is the one to unsubscribe] We Got an Early Gift! Earlier this month I attended The Running Event in Austin. Besides ohhh'ing and ahhh'ing the Oiselle Fall 2014 collection and becoming an Osmo Nutrition devotee, I spent some time showing Bia to Weldon Johnson (aka: Wejo) from Letsrun.com . We were stuck inside the convention center so he couldn't take it out for a run right then, but he put it on and played around with it for a bit. He wrote about us today. He starts off with: "I don’t want to wait anymore to tell you about one product. Just like last year, where I was really impressed with one product, the R8 Roll Recovery, this year I also had one favorite that really impressed me based on its potential. This was the one product I felt was truly innovative and different." Check out the full write up. Can't wait to get him a press unit to test! Elves Can't Hold a Candle to Bia. We have $60,000 of Watches, GoSticks, Charging Cables, and Watchbands en route from Asia. Shipments from 4 different vendors. Packed across 9 individual boxes. Between Fedex and Customs, I have been on the phone two dozen times in the past 24 hours ensuring they all get delivered to us before Christmas Eve. You see, the 23rd - 24th is the best window of opportunity to get maximum productivity out of my four homegrown elves (22, 14, 12, and 8). The goal is to get the units prepped and shipped out to field testers, in batches, starting the end of the week. Stay tuned. I promise to send pictures. Epoxypalooza Two weeks ago I was lamenting that I was running out of ways to make the ugly realities of manufacturing engaging and humorous (in that “don’t try this at home” kind of way). My backer update mojo was waning. And then Epoxypalooza happened. Jen left China 10 days ago and we were feeling good about the build. The new GoStick arrived as expected last Tuesday and our 200 field test units went to final assembly and test. 20% failed. We put the first 10 on the shake table and in the pressure chamber. An additional 40% failed. Excuse my French, but WTF?!?! We were implementing a new manufacturing process to improve antenna performance, but no one expected this. Turns out the conductive epoxy that connects the antenna to the circuit board – which is what makes the GPS work -- was cracking after it dried. No one knew why. I have four children and even I don’t have words to describe this pain: 60-90 minute calls with the factory. 5pm every day – including weekends. For the past 10 days. Terrible phone connection. Difficult language and culture translations. A highly technical and emotionally charged issue. All with our production start date hanging in the balance. Merry merry! The only only upside was it re-ignighted the insanity-laced humor I feared was starting to allude me. We tried new fixes every day and nothing seemed to be working. It got so bad, one of our advisors gave Jen and I this gift to lighten the load and help us “hold it all together”. Then finally last night, a breakthrough. And repeatability. Turns out that reducing the epoxy thickness from .25mm to .1mm and not stiring it before application is a game changer. Who knew? Problem Solved. Warm Fuzzies This was not the only big issue we wrestled to the ground this week. We checked a few other biggies off the list. We still have a few more issues to sort through before picking a final production start-date with China. The online services that go with the watch are not yet complete. Plus we will be rolling out some features - like pool lap counting - in the weeks after we start shipping (via automatic upgrades, so you won't even see it happen). But honestly, we are close. Even I am starting to feel it. The Sappy Holiday Part of the Update We have told all of you countless times how grateful we are for your initial support, ongoing patience, and endless cheering us forward. Now I want to give a shout out to my team. We've built an amazingly talented team. They have been working insane hours for quite a while now for little more than deferred salary, sweat equity, and pie. Midnights during the week. 4:30am on Saturdays. 1pm on Sundays. The dedication is more than I could ask. Being surrounded by people that are so good at what they do and that have a passion and ownership for what we are building that rivals my own, is an amazing privilege. So a big shout out to the whole team. Most especially Jen, Jacob, GKG and Rebecca. And of course Sylvia, Tim, Lindsay, Jordan, Sara, Robin, the extended team in Asia, and our significant others for supporting us through the homestretch. 2014? We’ve got this. Just watch us! Have an amazing holiday. C2K PS: If you have a friend who would love to kick of 2014 with a Bia (and maybe has a significant other doing some last minute shopping this weekend) we now offer Gift Certificates . This is a re-run of the backer update sent on Dec 7th. You can ignore it. We sent it out via email, but we wanted to archive it on Kickstarter as well. ...i'm working on the next update right now.... I know. Lots of excitement this week with color and address verification. All waves of emails went out so if you haven’t received anything from us let us know (AFTER checking your alternate email addresses and spam box please). This doesn’t mean we are through the weeds. It doesn’t mean our schedule is accelerating. We still have lots of work left to do. There are still a few gotchas that could sting us. But yes, even we are starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Define Amazingly Well Jen is en route home from China. The final 200 pre-production build went amazingly well, but not without a few hiccups: Shake to Wake On Monday night we had a 1am firedrill. In the factory we realized we couldn’t perform any electrical tests on the GoSticks. The line ground to a halt. Turns out “shake to wake” is an awesome feature on the GoStick … unless you need to wake up 30 of them locked into an immovable table-mounted test fixture. Doh! Yes we solved this. Before the factory team showed up to work the next day. And No, the fix did not involve a lawn mower engine or a vibrator even though both seemed like very good ideas around 3am. Forget Duct Tape. Small Zebras Fix Everything On Tuesday we moved on to water resistance testing. The Good News? We were getting 95% yield on our 50m water test (in this picture, #5 is leaking) The bad news? 100% of the LCD’s were cracking when we hit 50m of pressure. Doh! We tried carving out space in the watch case. We tried internal shims made of tape. We even called in our big-gun MechE advisors. Nothing was working. By Wednesday we were considering re-designing the user interface around the crack in the LCD (just joking - but only a little) Then we noticed that the flexible connector that connects the LCD to the circuit board -- called a zebra connector -- was dented on the broken LCD's. Apparently our zebras were a smidge too big. A smidge = .2mm Here's is what .2mm looks like. You can't even see it! Smaller zebras solved a problem. We never even broke a sweat. (just joking) One Big Screw and a Little Too Much Flow Then came Thursday. This was the first time we had built GoSticks using plastic top-cases fabricated in our our new $12,000 GoStick mold. Up until now we were carving GoStick cases out of plastic blocks. First, the screw holes in the cases were too shallow, Which means our 1.8 mm screws were a smidge too big (yes, .2mm again!). We also discovered that one of the flow marks that occur when the plastic is poured into the mold for the case was interfering with the water tight seal. We need to modify the tool and re-mold all 200 cases. Doh! It's only a 4-day delay. Nothing that should impact our overall schedule. But annoying none the less. (Especially for all the field testers who have been waiting so patiently to get a Bia on their wrists.) I already know there will be lots more to share next week, so as usual, back to work! -- C2K &amp; The Team PS: A number of folks have asked about the custom team watchbands and the Betty Designs watchbands. Yes, those are still coming -- and they will be even better based on all we have learned so far about what works well for watchbands -- but not until AFTER we ship. I want all hands on deck to make sure we deliver the best core product possible first. Thanks for understanding. The team was being funny. Spot the joke? A Confession Last week, for the first time, I started to fall in love with my Bia. Don't let this shock you. I am by far the harshest critic of our product. Combine it with the fact that I hate wearing jewelry of any kind and I run and ride and race for the pure joy of it all, and it's not a stretch to believe my bar for product delight is set VERY high. (Seriously, if it wasn't would I have ever had the need to embarke on this crazy mission?!?) But last week it all started to come together. Improved bands, improved antenna, a host of nattering bugs fixed and I started to feel the magic I envisioned when we started Bia. Here's is where I first fell in love.... We still have a plenty left to do. A few things I think will bring sheer delight to the Bia experience will trickle in after we ship. But we are close. Code Freeze Our goal is to implement the most important features for launch by the time the build starts in Shenzen next Monday. This weekend we are rolling in two doozies: GPS distance calculation on the device. Until now we were improving distance calculations on the server while the watch calculated and displayed junk. Porting these complex calculations down to GoStick is no easy task. Over the Air Updating (or OTA as all the cool kids call it) . This is a huge victory for the team. It is insanely hard functionality to build. But what it enables is magic. OTA allows us to add improvements and new delight to your Bia long after it lands on your wrist -- all without your doing a thing. (no sync'ing, no plugging, no downloading) A Contest: #MyPowerColor is__________ Help us #RockYourWrist by naming our colors for launch! Check out the details on Pinterest. Inspire us with your creativity by answering a single question or creating a whole inspiration board..... If we choose your color name you'll get a RoadID giftcard as our thank-you. One more thing.... Keep your eyes on your email box. We'll be confirming addresses and collecting color selections over the next 2-3 weeks. Back to work! C2K &amp; The Team Plane tickets are purchased! It's been an ugly few weeks troubleshooting all the issues that come with higher volume production and molded plastic parts. The next two weeks are going to get even uglier as we lock down the firmware with the final user interface and GPS tuning we want in place for large scale testing. But Jen heads to China on Dec 2nd for our final pre-production build. We'll be producing 200 production-quality Bia's (with beta firmware) to put on the wrists of field testers, bloggers, and buying agents for some of our favorite retailers. We are SO excited. CSI BIa In addition to the high-profile issues we knew were gating our schedule, we've spent a good part of the past few weeks unraveling a particularly frustrating -- and unexpected -- thread of issues blocking GPS performance. The problem only came to light as we rolled in the more sophisticated features like Quick Connect, Shake to Wake, and "Over the Air" Updating. We literally beat our heads into the wall for a week until we found the root cause of our problem: a single microscopic diode, one of 600, was installed backwards. #shootme Three Cheers for our Field Testers Finally I want to give a shout out to our field testers. I am pretty sure they thought they'd have a glamorous job. They were wrong! We've sent them knowingly non-functional watches, impossible to push buttons, straps that rip, screens that blank out.....pretty much you name it, they are dealing with it. But their contributions have been huge. Through their testing we uncovered a weakness in our manufacturing process that had a direct impact on GPS reliability. We would have never detected the issue with lab testing. We also had a big breakthough on the watch strap this past week - again because of their feedback. The only downside of field testing is that we haven't been able to torture as many of you as we wanted. An unexpected feature delay by our vendor combined with a difficult technology decision on our end rendered about 90% of our test units obsolete at the end of the summer. We've reworked just enough to keep development moving forward full steam, but not enough to fulfill our original field tester plans. Good news is that it won't be long before we have plenty of Bia's on wrists as we go into the home stretch before launch. Back to work! C2K &amp; The Team PS: Did you get your #thanksplanking on today? If not, get at it. 2-minutes. Go!!! Smile #2: We got some great news. We can pull our final pre-production build in by two weeks! We'll get final travel plans from China later this week, but instead of planning for mid-December travel we are clearing our schedules for Thanksgiving week! I bet I can read everyone's mind right now: "Does this bump up our ship date up to December?" No. Not yet. There are some new assembly procedures we are rolling out during this next build to address issues we discovered during field testing. We don't yet know how these new processes scale or the effects they will have on yield. I'd rather be safe than sorry. So for right now current schedule of shipping in January still stands. Back to work! C2K &amp; The Team ******* PS: It's not too late to join us on Facebook and Twitter for #Thanksplanking: a month of gratitude and planksgiving...and probably lots of sweating and (grateful) cursing as we work our way up to the storied "5-minute plank". We are wrapping up the weekend ( see a snapshot of our Saturday morning ) with some good news on the development front....so I just had to share. Earlier this month we had 2 big known product issues we were wrestling with. We needed to confirm fixes to both of them by the end of the month to keep parts procurement for our final pre-production build AND our first production build (!!!) on track. We cleared one of them on Thursday and BOOM! we gave the thumbs up on the second today. ..a full week ahead of plan . We still have lots more work to do, but this is a big step forward. Check it out..... A GoStick that can survive a trip through the washing machine There is no great picture to illustrate 2+ years of battery life out of the watch, but here is how it all fits into our development schedule. Kickstarter *may* strip out the link to the "big enough to read" version of this schedule, but you can click through to it here: <url>"pie of the week" update on facebook , and sample just a little of what has been keeping us busy below. We've even included a copy of our manufacturing schedule at the very end... Safety We got the SOS Alert working! Just hold the button on the watch for 3 seconds (during a live workout) and we send a text message alert to any cell number you've entered on your "safety list". It was great until I forgot to remove my number from our development "safety list" and I started getting SOS alerts in the middle of the night when Jacob was testing code. Doh! Screens We started coding final UX screens this week. Here are some of our favorites. Live demo video coming as soon as they are all up and running. (Chinese) Washing Machine Victory! While the Go Stick was passing normal water resistance testing it was NOT surviving a trip through my washing machine. So, we did one last mechancial design review with our external advisors and KAPOW! A breakthrough solution that was so simply clever, and cleverly simple we felt like idiots for not figuring it out sooner. (diagram included below if you really want to geek out). The net net is the sample units survived a wash cycle at the Shenzhen laudromat without any moisture leakage! Next stop: C2K's front loading HE Whirlpool Duet w/extra spin baby! Griping about Green Three tries and firefly color is still not quite right yet. The neoprene is pretty close, but the anodization on the watch body is still missing the mark. We are trying again with three new Pantone colors this weekend. Schedule The whole team - US, Singapore, Shenzen - has this schedule printed out and pinned to our walls. (click on it and it will expand). Most days it feels like we are "asymptotically close to shipping". There is not a lot of breathing room in this schedule any more - we sucked it up in September with an extra external design review. But we are all laser focused on getting a Bia on every backer's wrist by Chinese New Year. So game on! Thanks for your patience and support.Now it's back to work! C2K &amp; the Team When you backed us on this amazing journey it was always about more than just a GPS Watch. It was about matching a broader set of needs with the word "athlete". It was about building a female-founded technology company. ...and it was about developing a product that we were *all* excited to be a part of creating. We knew the journey was going to be tough. And it has been. The last couple of weeks have been the hardest. In late May, based on the results of our water resistance testing, we made the decision to push our ship date back from August to October. (I think many of you missed this update - or we didn't do a good job making the change as explicit as we should have - for that we apologize.) Up until about two weeks ago, October looked on target. And then BOOM! Trouble. A number of things went wrong all at once. On a product this complex and this close to the finish line, even small things add up. Therefore I need to revise our delivery date to "holiday". Our internal target date is actually sooner BUT I have learned my lesson and will now communicate a worst case date not a best case date. Before I go into details on what's causing this delay and why I believe this delivery date will hold I want you to know that we are as disappointed and as frustrated as you are. There are no words to describe how hard we are working and how much the entire team is pouring into this product to make it fabulous. What Does Complex Look Like? Before we dig into the details, here is a sense of what we mean when we say "complex" How Close Are We to Shipping? We've gone through 3 full field test builds with our manufacturer and had units in the field for nearly 3 months. We are down to a few more major steps - all with their own lead times - before we ship: 1. Build final molds for plastic parts: Started! 2. Freeze all electrical and mechanical changes. 3. Complete Pilot Production Run: Once we have tested and frozen all changes to the electrical and mechanical aspects of the device, we produce 200 units to implement final manufacturing quality tests and make the line flow as smoothly as possible. 4. Procure parts for mass production: Started for long lead time items! 5. Freeze and test firmware 6. Start mass production. We'll ramp from 500 to 1,000 units per week to start so we can put extra quality controls in place. Why the Delay? We expected to exit our July field test build ready to freeze electrical and mechanical design and start the 4-6 week lead time for our Pilot Production run. There were cost saving changes we had wanted to implement but we deferred them in order to lock down the design and get Bia out as quickly as possible. However, during that build and the 3 weeks since, we've found two problems that must get fixed before going to production because they effect the quality of the product we'd be sending to you. Problem: The watch is now water resistant (yay!) but the manufacturing yield is low. We need over 95% passing water resistance testing the first time. Currently we have closer to 30% passing the first time and on the ones that fail the LCD is cracking at higher pressures. Resolution: The LCD's are cracking because the new button material that both feels great to press and enabled a very water-tight seal has a downside. It is causing the internal parts to compress too tightly at higher pressures - which in turn cracks the LCD. We are working with 4 different hardnesses of gasket materials, .001 mm variances in circuit boards, adhesives, and machined parts, and precise torque values on .5mm self-tapping screws to fix this issue with a high manufacturing yield. It's a Mechanical Engineer's Tetris. Problem: We found an electrical problem on the circuit board that causes a momentary spike in battery output that results in the watch battery lasting 6 months instead of two years. It doesn't effect every watch so it was not readily apparent or easy to diagnose. This is the problem responsible for the new delay. Resolution: We are finalizing changes for the new circuit boards this week, however, we need to robustly test the changes on a batch of 20 boards before freezing design and starting our Pilot Production run. We spent 3 unplanned weeks identifying the problem and designing and then prototyping the fix. It will take another 4 weeks to produce and robustly test the 20 new boards. I don't want to assume the fix works, skip to the full 200 unit Pilot run and get an ugly surprise. Hence October is now "Holiday". Sigh. Will "Holiday" Really Hold? : Honestly, I think it will. Why? The problems we are solving are well understood and we are deep in the process of testing solutions. New problems could arise, but we aren't seeing any yet. Firmware was my original worry and this extra two months - along with the great talent we've added to the team on this front - mitigates that risk. Procurement of parts could always bite us but none of these changes impact our longest lead time items so we are doing "risk buys" to secure supply in advance. On behalf of the whole team I can't tell you how much your continued support and enthusiasm means to us. We'll keep you posted on progress. Together we are building something great. C2K and the team THIS just happened... . <url>"start mass production" and "ship backer units" are on our internal calendar and we are counting down on our fingers. Have a great weekend! -- C2K &amp; The Team This update is seriously overdue – because we have been in serious overdrive the past few weeks – working our butts off. Here is how the hardest-working team on the planet does “summer vacation”. Boom! We’ve on-boarded some powerhouse new talent in the past four weeks – both on the technical side as well as the business side. Our small team is not actually that small anymore. And wow we mean business . China: The Sequel We started our 2nd pre-production build this week. It will last two weeks and our big goal for this trip is to tackle water resistance. That’s the last big problem to solve before locking on a ship date. FWIW: no one thinks we are more than a couple months away from shipping but when we give a date we want to hit it! It’s almost frustrating being this close. Field Day Can we give our first 15 field testers a big shout out? Their job has been painful so far! We’ve cycled units in and out with them 3 times over the past 6 weeks. We had hopped to spread our first 50 units out among the first 25-50 testers but we totally underestimated the logistical support these super early units required. ...they were a little "temperamental". Lesson learned. A few software changes, a better QA process and a real live intern (yay!) manning the shipping system and I am optimistic testers 1-50 will have brand-spanking-new pre-production units on their wrist as soon as we pull them off the line. In the meanwhile here are a couple of quotes from the first 15.... “Comfort-wise - OMG! Way comfy. Never even knew it was there, really. And the go-stick is super light. I'm not a fan of carrying anything with me, really, but after clipping it on, I never knew it was there. It never pulled on my waistband.” -- Jill C. NJ “Mine connected quickly and seemed to stay connected (I was running out in the open on the beach). Pace and distance were spot on with my Garmin. Comfort-wise, it is phenomenal!” - Kelly D. CA Don't you dare think we forgot... This past Friday marked one year since Bia became a reality. With your pledges, tweets, pins, posts, emails, and phone calls to help spread the word we were able to reach our Kickstarter funding goal and start on this journey. It’s been incredible and this past year would not have been possible without all of you. Thank you for your patience and your support. We are officially marking the time until our ship date in weeks not months, and everyday we get even more riled up about delivering a product you'll fall in love with. About to get real In the next 4-6 weeks you will be receiving a notification to confirm your email address, your shipping address and make your color selection. It will be hard to miss, but stay tuned. Now back to work. -- C2K and the Team PS: Thanks to everyone who helped tweet, email, and post in support of women in sports for Title IX Day on June 23rd. We were able to donate $440 to Soccer Without Border to help them coach a girl’s soccer team. #TitleIXDay #biafirst In the last two weeks we've put a dozen test units on wrists, hired another 2 firmware developers, participated in our first race expo, started ordering parts for our 2nd pre-production build scheduled for early July, and a whole lot more. But we are taking a brief pause to help a cause near and dear to our hearts: giving all girls access to sports. Sunday June 23rd is the 41st Anniversary of Title IX. To celebrate #TitleIXDay, Bia is teaming up with our girlfriends at Activyst to fund a Soccer Without Borders girls' team in an underprivileged neighborhood in the US. Our goal is to raise $1000 to cover a coach and equipment for a year. Bia will donate $20 for every watch reserved between now and June 23rd. Activyst will double their normal donation for every sports bag purchased. If you have a friend who's been eyeing a Bia, this is the perfect time to jump in. If you haven't seen Activyst's super cute sports bags, you WANT to check them out. Forward this message to a friend and have a great #TitleIXDay! ***************** For those inclined to tweet: Eyeing a @biasport watch? bit.ly/BiaTitleIXDay Thru 6/23 they are donating $20 per sale to fund girls' sports. #TitleIXDay Eyeing this @activyst bag? <url>#TitleIXDay Fill in and tweet: My first sport was ____________ and it taught me ___________. #TitleIXDay #biafirst For the bloggers in the house who want to share: <url>"last mile" of the journey was ugly - it involved 3 hours of high speed driving, some frantic phone calls, and at one point I actually got down on my knees pleading and squeezing out some not-that-fake tears. ...it's a long story...but the end result is that the first field test units are finally in our possession! We left China two weeks ago without them because the i-ring used to seal the watch glass didn't fit right. This is nothing surprising since the goal of the build was to spool up our final suppliers for the first time - and things never go perfectly the first time. After 2 remakes we finally had something that could be press-fit properly and they were ready to ship out. We are spending the weekend in Ensenada installing batteries, updating firmware, and putting the units through a little more testing. We are also jerryrigging some homemade charging cables for the Go Sticks. The real ones won't arrive until later this week and we don't want to delay sending units out to our field testers any longer. We'll probably send out a small batch this week and a larger batch next week so we can easily react to any unexpected surprises. As for final ship date...we are still targeting late August/early September. However I don't want to commit to a date until we've nailed water resistance. Water resistance generally takes a few tries. But now that our gasket, i-ring, and o-ring suppliers are all tooled up we are able to do some rapid iterations using different types of rubbers and plastics. The goal of our next build - currently scheduled for mid July - is to be able to deliver field test units ready for water resistance testing. Stay tuned. ...now it's back to work. C2K and the Bia Team It's Thursday evening. How did four days pass so quickly? There were times I said "Pinch Me!" and times I said "Shoot Me". But either way, THIS is really happening! I head home in a few hours (it's my daughter's birthday Friday), but will be back on the phone with the team at the factory within an hour of landing in LA. Roger and a few others are staying through Sunday to continue with the build. We'll update you on the overall results and next steps next week (after we all get a day or two of well-deserved downtime). For now I just wanted to share a little of what went on.... -- C2K &amp; the Team I almost didn't share these photos because they don't do the real product justice. A better camera is the only way to capture how insanely gorgeous the color chips for the watch turned out!! We were ecstatic! I'll make sure to get plenty of new pictures of the field test units before we send them out. We need to wear test all the colors before determining what will be officially available, but look at where we are starting! From L=&gt;R: Firefly, Turquoise, Cornflower, Purple, Silver, PR Pink The fabric colors are the options for neoprene on the standard bands that ship with the watches. We'll have more pictures of how those are coming together shortly. Oh, and we have a few surprises up our sleeve for the extra-long men's bands. Stay tuned....next update from Shenzhen! C2K &amp; the Bia Team It's official. Plane tickets are purchased. Visas secured. 10 days from now Roger and I - Cheryl - head to China for the first pre-production build. We'll return home with field test units for our first group of testers!! Our whole team is working (literally) around the clock right now. The updates the next few weeks will come fast furious so you can share our excitement and progress. The big victory this weekend was touchscreen . This has been one of the most vexing parts of the product. While touchscreens are common in mass-produced consumer devices, securing these custom-sized parts in the US for prototyping when your company is a wee bit smaller than Apple is NOT easy. Remember our "sanding glass" debacle this past November? We finally found a great vendor in San Jose, CA. And here is our touchscreen in action! This is a dev unit loaded with the software for manufacturing testing. These are not the functions that will be controlled via touchscreen in the final product...but you get the jist. Feels like progress!! -- C2K &amp; the Team "It’s 11pm on Thursday night. Konstantin just walked into the office. Roger is on his third dose of Dayquil and 2nd box of tissue. I picked up a Spectrum Analyzer and a dozen of Tamales earlier in the evening. And we have one blip of unexpected harmonic impedance on the Go Stick that we need to eradicate. It’s time to get the party started!" It’s a big weekend at Bia. The whole team is in Ensenada this week. Five folks from our manufacturing partner are arriving from China tomorrow. We’ll spend the weekend taking them through all the assembly and test procedures so they can set up the production line back in Shenzhen and build the first field test units! We are also reviewing all their proposed mechanical tests, which right now include simulating: 2 years of bright sunlight exposure 5 years of button pressing, 4 hours tumbling down a gravel hill. They requested that we perform the washing machine test in the US. ☺ ---------- Why China? Many of you asked why we decided to manufacture in China. We actually wanted to manufacture in the US but after a lot of research and some hand-wringing I made the call that it was not the right decision for the product or our customers. We are a small team and our specialty is product design. Large scale production is a whole different beast. Asia has a manufacturing infrastructure that just doesn’t exist in the US. Fabrication, assembly, logistics are all just blocks away from each other, and the different firms involved have trusted relationships and processes that we can just plug into. In Asia, we are able to work with a specialized new product operations firm who extends our team with very experienced resources in sourcing, manufacturing design, and quality control. ...it's a team that a small company like ours would not have been able to assemble on our own. Finally, we are able to work with partners who have direct experience building very similar products to ours, which jumpstarts our learning to get a better product out the door faster. ------ I’ll send up more updates over the weekend via @biasport and on Facebook . And we’ll do another backer update early next week once the dust settles. I can’t even start to explain how hard we’ve been working these past few weeks. We have lots of very exciting stuff to share. But first I want to update you on shipping status. Back in November, with your input, we made a decision to wait for a newer version of our GSM module. We knew our pre-production build and field testing would be delayed while we waited for the new module. Then, early this week, we were notified by our processor provider (a part used in both the Watch and the Go Stick) that their component has a power leak that could negatively impact battery life. On both fronts we have good news. Our first batch of new GSM modules has arrived - we are planning our pre-production build as I type! The power problem with the processor has been resolved. Unfortunately updated processors will not be released until July. This, combined with the original delay in our field test units, means our ship date is likely to push out into August. ...we are as disappointed and as anxious as you are. But we heard you loud and clear in November: Delivering a high quality product is more important than delivery date. So that is what we are going to do. I will update you on firm dates after we do some more testing, but I wanted to reset expectations sooner rather than later. Now on to all the fun stuff... Welcome to SWIFT aka: S imulated W atch I nterface F or T esting – yeah, we can geek like that! Bia needs to be so intuitive that no instructions are required. To help us nail this ease-of-use we built a “fake watch on the iPhone” and distributed it to our field testers with some tasks to perform. We’ve already made some improvements based on their input. Here's a sneak peak at what we are rolling out to them later today -- setting Galloway style walk/run intervals. Don't worry, this isn't the "pretty version" yet. It's purely a functional "wireframe". Meet Diana ...as in "Diana Prince" Wonder Woman's alter ego In preparation for testing prototypes of our watch bands, we are outfitting our field testers with “fit and feel” models of the watch -- code named Diana. These are simple aluminum ingots machined to the exact form and weight of the watch. The first bands are handmade from material samples provided by "The Queen of Neoprene" . I think the snakeskin camouflage print has promise though. Field test units...it's time to fly! For a number of reasons we have decided to manufacture in China from Day 1. We will use the field test build to get our China partner spooled up. It's a bit of investment now, but will help things move faster later. If all goes as planned my March update will be from on the ground in Shenzhen! And Finally... I can't tell you how much we appreciate your continued support and excitement. Nothing great is ever easy. Based on how this week has felt, we must be on track for some insane greatness. We are doing this! C2K + Sylvia ********** PS.: Many of you have asked about being added to the field test group. We will put out a call for additional testers in early April. Stay tuned. P2S.: On Valentine’s day we took a break from development and pitched Bia on stage in front of a 1000 people at the Women 2.0 Startup Conference in San Francisco. We walked away with the People’s Choice Award, coverage in Inc Magazine, naming Bia one of five female-founded starts ups to watch ...and a much needed day of re-energizing. This beauty is because of you! We ended 2012 on a rush of hardware. We are starting 2013 deep into soft stuff: watch bands user interface a new BHAG (big hairy ass goal): a wrist for every Bia! Battle of the Bands When you want something done right, you've got to work with the best. So this week I spent a few hours with "The Queen of Neoprene". No, really. That is what they all her. Karen helped design the original triathlon wetsuit and has been innovating with neoprene and velcro ever since. Rumor has it she even designed a suit that makes your butt look good. Karen and I poured through sample books identifying the right materials to fuse together to form our watch band: screen printable fabric + neoprene + plush (the soft side of velco) + velcro. She also had some great ideas about perfecting the fit of the strap and giving the curved back of the watch a little extra "grip" on your wrist. Since this is actually one of the more important parts of the field testing, the goal is to have candidate straps on field test units in February. UX in Effect Talking about field testing.... We are building out a true-to size watch interface on the iPhone. It allows us to do rapid test and iteration of the user experience faster than we could on the watch itself. We have the basic mechanics working and are now building out the initial screens. When it's available to test we'll spread the word via a backer email, our blog , and on our Facebook page . 2013 BHAG: A Wrist for Every Bia We want a wrist for each of the 5,000 units in our first product order. It will help us secure better pricing and terms with our manufacturing partner. Plus it gives your friends, who missed us on Kickstarter, a chance to join you in helping us build a great product and company. Have some friends ready to get their wrists rocked? You know the drill: Forward this email to them and tell them how excited you are about Bia. Have them reserve their Bia today. They'll get a special introductory price AND 30% discount on all future products, forever. Don't worry. The best price, delivery dates, and special "first" bands are still exclusive to Kickstarter backers. And the 30% was our special holiday Thank You to you! Track our progress towards our 5,000 wrist goal at www.bia-sport.com . Let's Do This! Cheryl + Sylvia If you are not already following us, what are you waiting for? Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Pinterest <url>"design for manufacturing" feedback from our vendors it became clear that we'd need to grow the size of the Go Stick in order to ensure high quality and yield in our manufaturing process OR we needed to find a smaller version of the largest part on the circuit board...in this case, the GSM module. Good News A smaller GSM module exists and is scheduled for production quantities in April. Even better, the smaller version works exactly like the current bigger version, so making the switch won't slow down our software development. Bad News April is cutting it close. Any delays in certification or supply for this part will cause our schedule to slip - although we have no reason to believe this will have a major delay on our ship date. Probably a few weeks at the worst. The more immediate issue is we won't recieve enough sample units of this new module to do our field test build until mid-February . The 10-15 engineering samples we'll get prior to February will need to be used for additional internal prototyping, development, and testing. ...but YOU made them easier... We carried around a version of the "bigger" Go Stick for a week and it just wasn't right. It wasn't terrible but we didn't fall in love with it like the original version. But we were really concerned about making a decision that we knew would cause a delay in both the field test units and the product. So we posted the question on our Blog and Facebook and Twitter . Over 100 of you weighed in, nearly unanimously in favor of risking the delay to ensure both form factor and quality . So THANK YOU....we never questioned what the correct decision was, but knowing that we had so much support for the decision made it easier to make. Now back to work for us. ...we'll have plenty more to share soon.... -- C2K PS: Remember, official backer updates every 3ish weeks through Kickstarter and interim updates on our Blog , Facebook , and Twitter . Good News! We are honing in on our final schedule and will be able to share that in our next backer update - including target dates for field test units!!! In the meanwhile, here are how things panned out against our three big objectives over the past two weeks. Sometimes everything goes our way. Other times, not so much.... Nothing catastrophic, but throw together enough small snafus with some late nights and a 2-day vendor field-trip through Orange County in a 1999 Subaru Outback, and things start to get funny. Goal #1: Kick it up another notch on GPS Quality. =&gt; CHECK! We combined a brilliant upgrade to our antenna design with a better GPS chip on the Go Stick. Changing chips at this stage of that game is a little risky, but we think it's worth the risk. Imagine how excited I was at 11:30pm on a Friday night to see this on Skype video! (This is the antenna in the Go Stick. And yes, the nuance was lost on me too, but the team was super excited and the performance data I saw in the morning had me pretty jazzed as well.) Unfortunately after that things went downhill…. GOAL #2: Get Race Mode Working =&gt; CLOSE BUT NOT QUITE GPS data from the Go Stick is live streamed over a cellular connection to our online site which displays a map with current distance, pace, and lap markers. Lesson Learned: Don't try to debug something like this late at night in a basement workspace with no cellular or GPS signal. Doh! GOAL #3: Test the watch (touch, tap, button) in the pool =&gt; ARGH!! Unless the touchscreen glass fits perfectly into the watch case the watch won't be water resistant, which means we can't test it in the pool. If the glass is cut with a computer, this shouldn't be a problem. Apparently our vendor didn't do that? The video below sums it up best. (Yes that is me - Cheryl - laughing uncontrollably in the background while Roger does all the work.) I'll keep this brief. We want to be done by midnight and there is still a lot to do . The team has been down at our prototyping facility in Ensenada Mexico for the past two weeks. I joined them this weekend. The term "Nancy Botwin of Watches" as been thrown around a few times - especially at the border crossing. All I'll say is: that the small fire in the warehouse...it wasn't me! Our goal: a working watch and go stick before the end of October. The tough stuff (antennas) went better than expected the easy stuff (flashing LEDs) proved more difficult and the crazy color we picked for the Go Stick case turned out WAY wrong (i don't even want to include a picture) The Net:Net? We are still on track to hit that goal. I am leaving Ensenada with: Working Go Stick hardware - we still have some work to do on the software. An "evaluation prototype" of the watch. It's essentially a working watch but with all the electronics on the outside. The final prototype will take another 2-3 weeks. The circuit board and the touchscreen for the watch are very expensive to prototype and impossible to "rework" if we get something wrong. The "evaluation prototype" allowed us to test out the design for these components to ensure we build the full prototypes correctly. We've been sharing interim updates on Facebook and Twitter so feel free to join us there as well. Back to work! -- C2K PS: Red Shirts arrived in the warehouse on Friday. They are hitting the printers on Monday and should be on their way to you by next weekend. Feels Like Progress Somedays you celebrate the small victories. Today was one of those days. The LCD screen we are using on the watch is in HOT demand. Lead times are 20 weeks. Minimum order quantites are 1000. And there are ZERO in the channel. We are on track to build our first 10 units out at the end of September (more on that later). The only problem? As of this morning we only had 2 LCD screens. Doh! We’ve been literally calling everyone we know in the industry to dig a few up. Our Plan B was to take a screwdriver to some 2nd hand Nike+ GPS watches we found on eBay to see if we could harvest displays without damage. (the team is going to laugh at me when they read that) And then….like a gift…..there they were! One of my most unlikely leads paid off. He found 200 of these beauties in a box in the corner of a shipping facility 3,000 miles away. Score! Don’t get too excited yet. We are still about 3-4 months away from hardware/software that is ready for our first field testers. These first units are designed to: Ensure all the parts fit together Properly test and tweak antenna design Verify water resistance and the fit of all our custom O-rings These initial units cost more than $2,500 each. Clearly these hand-machined cases and artisan O-rings aren't cheap. Big Hires Our biggest post-Kickstarter challenge was to replace our Portland hardware development team. The PDX team was super, but they only had part-time cycles and we needed to fast-track with a full time push. We are excited to say, our Dream Team found us. We are stoked to welcome Tim Pfafman as our Lead Architect and newest partner in crime. Four words describe Tim: Been There. Done That. And literally, he has. Tim's built a sports tracking site and a GPS/GSM based tracking device. He has a BS from MIT and a PhD from Berkeley, has done work for NASA, and has founded and sold his own start-up. Although Tim is a server side guru, he brought a full hardware team from his last job with him. We are stoked! The two teams did a full technology transition 3 weeks ago and trust me when I say we have been working around the clock and making great progress. This is what technology transitioning looks like: We have one more key hire to make this autumn and would love your help. We are looking for a brilliant UX/UI Designer. Web and mobile experience is a must. We want someone who can own it end to end: interaction design, visual design, and front-end prototyping. And bonus points for anyone who "lives the brand". If this describes you or a friend - you know where to find us! Shirts! “You women should consider starting wth something easier than electronics. Maybe start selling shirts. You can get the hang of issuing POs, paying invoices and shipping.” It's ironic that a year later we have shirts in 9 countries, Washington DC and 49 of the 50 US states. And it seems like no Bia update is complete without some mention of shirts! Remaining RED shirts will hit doorsteps the first week of October. If you didn’t get a shirt and wish you had one, wish you had more than one, have a friend that wants one, or are from Delaware , the ONLY state with NO Bia shirts...click here to fix it all: <url>| Twitter | Pinterest | Web The fun starts, NOW! 8 huge boxes of Bia shirts shipped from our printer yesterday. We are packing them up this weekend and MOST of you will have yours by the end of next week . The exception? RED. These were so popular our printer had to order more stock. Our expedited order will arrive mid-September. We’ll let you know when they ship, so hang tight a few more weeks. And a big shout out to Oiselle , Betty Designs , and Island Boost who have helped us fill your shirt package with extra goodies. Bia Pride We love data, especially data that tells the story of what this amazing community accomplished a month ago. Consider: Excluding video game projects, Bia was the biggest Kickstarter goal funded. Of 45,000 projects launched on Kickstarter, Bia is in the Top 40! And we did it in a way no one else has: 90% of our backers are women. 78% were new to Kickstarter Hall of Fame Forget traditional press. Bloggers set Bia on fire and then each of you with your friends, clubs and teams, fanned the flames. This was a true crowd funded effort. Based on answers from our backer survey, all of these blogs had a bigger direct impact than Huffington Post, Mashable, and Wired - and few of them put Runners' World to shame! Swim Bike Mom , Another Mother Runner , Shut Up and Run , DC Rainmaker , Salty Running , BexLife And a big shout out to these fabulous XX brands who rallied their ambassadors and fans: FitApproach/Sweat Pink , Team Tough Chik , Oiselle , FitFluential , Team Sparkle ...and to those individuals who went seriously above and beyond -- we've heard stories about days off of work and twitter accounts being frozen -- much love. Winner Winner Chicken Dinner 34% of you shared a team affiliation. We have 16 teams receiving custom teams bands because of how many of your teammates stepped up to support Bia, and one more team picked at random. Here's the list - CONGRATS!! Swim Bike Mom, LA Tri Club, Team Tough Chik, TnT, #SweatPink, Team Victorious, South End Rowing Club, Another Mother Runner, Oiselle, Half Fanatics, Tough Cookies, FitFluential, Mullica Hills Women's Tri Club, PhillyFit/USA, Team Sparkle, BexLife....and Moms Run this Town (our random draw winner!) We'll have more information on custom bands AFTER we put the beta units on tester wrists this fall. You want us focused on electronics right now, not fancy watch straps! Drum Roll Please.... Most popular watch and watch band colors (not including black/silver)? ...could this mean we'll add purple to the mix? Could be! &lt;wink&gt; Back to Work We’ve been seriously heads down getting our product development efforts on track. In the coming weeks we'll: share progress updates introduce you to the team start getting feedback on the user interface and some feature details plus let you know the schedule for our field test units. We’ll stick to updates at least every three weeks - and I promise the next one will have more pictures. In the meanwhile, you can find us on FB , Twitter , Pinterest . Thanks! Cheryl &amp; Sylvia Fast Off The Starting Block We took a few days to re-coop and repair the collateral damage to our families caused by an insane 36 days of Kickstarter, but now we are back at it in full force. We spent the past two days locked down with our dev team getting the project on the fast track and sorting through the logistics of sending out nearly 700 Bia shirts. We are going to be EVERYWHERE! Backer Surveys: Please Return by Tuesday Everyone should have received a backer survey by now. Please return these to us by Tuesday so we can do the following by the end of next week: Place our shirt order and have Bia on your doorstep by mid-August. ...If your backer award didn't include a shirt, you can still order one here . Announce the winners of our custom watchband contest. ...maybe announce a new watch color??? Regular Updates: Every 3 Weeks We plan on doing regular progress updates through Kickstarter every 3 weeks - plus one or two additional ones when we have big news. We'll also send out an email survey sometime after Labor Day (Sept 3rd) to get input on final product features and recruit for online focus groups around user interface etc. You can always follow our regular social media chatter, updates about our online site, and our open job reqs on our blog , our Facebook Page , Twitter , and Pinterest . Finally, feel free to hop on board the beta of our online site at www.bia-sport.com and if you have friends that missed our Kickstarter they can always sign up on our wait list. This is Only the Beginning The amazing community effort that came together to achieve this Kickstarter goal doesn't end here. The stories I have heard this week about what you did to make this all come together have been just amazing. Many of you have already emailed us asking how you can continue to help. We definitely need the help! Give us 6 weeks or so get the cadence in place with our sped-up dev efforts then we'll talk more about how to arm you all as evangelists and ambassadors and use the collective power of all 2000+ of use to deliver something amazing. Deal? We have the best jobs ever! Thank you. Cheryl &amp; Sylvia No words can express how we feel about what YOU all did. Tomorrow we sleep. Sunday we race (Vineman 70.3 - yes, I'm serious. How funny is that?) And then we put this effort in to high gear. We'll collect information about watches, shirts, and team affiliation next week. And yes, all Kickstarter watches will be sporting a special backers-only band. Would you expect anything less? Stay tuned. Humbled and more grateful than you'll ever know. Cheryl &amp; Sylvia LEAN FORWARD FOR THE FINISH What a day! We aren't there yet, but we are 1804 strong... If everyone increases their pledge by $20.97 before midnight (pacific) we will hit our goal. If everyone gets one more friend to back us, we will blow it out of the water! We've come too far to let up now. -- C2K Here's how to increase your pledge... Go to our Kickstarter page <url>"Manage My Pledge" on the right Input your new pledge amount <url>"No more standing around waiting for a GPS signal" is a great hook along with the "SOS alert for solo workouts". Repin this : <url>" The GPS Watch that Could Literally Save Your Life.". We have less than 48 hours left and current projections say we can make $400K but only if we push as hard as we can and then push some more. It's going to come down to the wire. Please make this happen. We've worked so hard and come so far. -- C2K Just Monday morning we were talking about a PR being as important as the podium. Forget that! Winning rocks and we have come too far to come up short. It's $400K or bust, baby! Tuesday our matchers came in with a challenge: Raise $20K and they'd match the next $15K of pledges to get us to a $50K day. Instead of giving them an extra $15K we gave them an extra $20K for a $55K day and 174 new backers ! BOOM! Just Do It. Then Do It Again. SWIM BIKE MOM was so impressed she's stepping up to help us do it again. She called Bia the "Garmin Crusher" and now she's going to help us crush. She's joining forces with an anonymous friend and together they are matching $10K of pledges today! The match goes into effect after we hit $25K of pledges for the day. And we'll throw in a challenge of our own. We (ok, actually just me, Cheryl) wants to Run Ragnar and Go Goofy. We have two more $1850 rewards on the table which include one of us running a race with the backer. Backer #1 already has Cheryl on the hook for the 20th Anniversary WDW Marathon. Who's got next? If You're New, It Just Takes Two If you are one of the 350 new backers and aren't sure what to do, it's easy. Just get two friends to back the project with you. We won't hit our goal without it. Tip: A personal ask beats a general post. If you use FB or Twitter, tag specific peeps and let them know why you love Bia and why you backed it. Then follow up with a nudge or a full body-check. Moms in Motion, Run Disney, Ragnarians, Maniacs, Fanatics, Team Victorious and Mullica Hills Women's Tri Club (No Nuts, Just Guts!) you can help us get to our goal. If you are on any of these teams, ping us so we can help you rally your crew! Geeking Out With Graphs We are data nuts and if this doesn't inspire and motivate, I don't know what does. With gratitude and some extra ZippFizz to keep me going, -- C2K WE'LL MATCH THAT! When the dust settled on yesterday we had 164 new backers and $23K in new pledges. But we have a few anonymous backers who think we can do better. And they are going to put their money where their mouth is by matching our pledges today ! That's right, once we hit $20K in pledges for the day, they will match every pledge above that, dollar for dollar, until we hit a $50K day! Your $40 pledge turns into $80 for Bia. Your $200 pledge becomes $400 towards our goal. If you have two (more) friends to invite, TODAY IS THE DAY . If you have teammates that haven't jumped in, TODAY IS THE DAY . If you want to add a shirt or more to you pledge TODAY IS THE DAY . Team Victorious, Run Disney, Marathon Maniacs, Half Fanatics, Moms in Motion we know you have more teammates out there. TODAY IS THE DAY to get them on board. RunTeam Sparkle, Sweat Pink, Oiselle, Tough Chik, Frisco Tri, Mullica Hills, BexLife, SwimBikeMom, Tough Cookies, LATri and any other smaller teams, if you have a few folks still on the fence TODAY IS THE DAY ! $50K? Heck yeah! Game On. Let's do it. C2K PS: All pledges from new backers and increases to pledges from existing backers count and we have until midnight tonight PST. What a day! 150 new backers and counting. $17,000 and counting. Scores of new blog posts. A handful of new teams. And a big shout out on Runner's World! Before it got too late on the east coast, Sylvia and I just wanted to give a huge thanks, a big welcome, and say "stay tuned". We have a BIG announcement coming late tonight/early tomorrow morning that will help us blow right through all of these milestones tomorrow. - C2K THE PODIUM IS STILL IN SIGHT You owned it over the weekend - over 100 new backers and we are on a tear this morning! THAT's how to lean forward at the finish. Sylvia &amp; I are working on some final press and some big dollar backers today, so we need you all to take the baton and run. We can still honestly and truly hit our goal, so don't let up. You know the drill. Ask two friends in person or on email old school style Post on Facebook and TAG SPECIFIC FRIENDS in your post. Tweet on Twitter and TAG SPECIFIC TWEEPS in your tweet. Then follow up to nudge them over the line. Don't be shy. It's time to light it up! A PR IS AS IMPORTANT AS THE PODIUM Regardless of if we hit our goal, every dollar sends a message that this product HAS to get made. There's no risk in backing us if we fall short so don't let up. The closer we get to our goal the more fuel we have for a Plan B if needed. ...you didn't think we were going to give up after coming this far did you? MONDAY MOTIVATION We have been humbled and thrilled by everyone's blogs and passion about spreading the word. This weekend it was the "edge" that fired us up the most. Here are our favorites - all from Bia backers! (PG-13) Salty Running got a little spicy: "Even if they don’t make [their goal], every dollar is an FU to those a-holes who told them women rather go to the spa." Coach Kimmie laid it out: "What's up? We'll spend more money on a cutsie purse that we'll use twice a year than we will on making the product we've been waiting for and that we'll use every day successful?" "It's about damn time." said it all for Susan Lacke, columnist at Competitor, Triathlete, and No Meat Athlete. Paul from LAS&amp;F Running Team threw down the gauntlet: "Seems to me that it's not true that women are better than men. If it were, how could such a great product designed by women for women fail to get the backing of women? Until women stand up to be counted us men can just sit back and run things how we want. Come on. Burn your [jog] bras. Support this product." <url>"manage pledge" button. Enter your new pledge amount. Select your new award. The Best of Everything Be a Bia field tester PLUS get your own custom designed watch band. And as a thank you for going ALL IN, Cheryl or Sylvia will run a race with you this coming year. ...please nothing too painful. Reseller Pack + Ladies Night Be one of the first resellers to carry Bia. Cheryl or Sylvia will do an in-person visit to your store to lead a ladies night demo of the watch. Support Your Cause We'll make 20 limited edition watches with custom watch bands. We'll sell them on our site at retail price and donate all proceeds to the charity of your choice. Enjoy! -- C2K Ok, there has been even more interest in our team challenge than we expected. So we are taking it big time for these last two weeks. But first, a quick weekend update. Weekend Update Light a Fire We've gotten 100+ "I want this product so bad" emails/tweets/FB posts from people that haven't yet jumped on board. Add that to the 2,500 Kickstarter Page Likes and the 6,000 video views and we'd be lying to say we are not pulling our hair out a bit. Great Weekend Press If you didn't see it, we were covered in CoolMomTech (for their gagillion followers) and by the Manic Mommies (I often run hills to their podcast) in their blog on Real Simple entitled: "Can I help make the GPS watch of my dreams a reality? ". OH, HECK YEAH! Twitter: Elites + Age Groupers If you are on twitter, follow @biapsport. You'll see what's going on pretty quickly. Jump on board. Team Challenge Here are the deets all in one place.. Any team/group/club with 20+ members pre-buying a watch (backing Bia at $99 and above) gets their own custom team band. For groups with less than 20 pre-buyers, each backer earns the team an entry into a drawing for a custom band. Bia will collect all information on team affiliation after their Kickstarter ends on the 13th. Backers can get their custom team band with: the 2nd band from $129/$249/$1000+ backer rewards; the band gift certificate with $20/$40 rewards; or adding $20 to their $99/$199 rewards. Tweet it to your team. Post it to Facebook. And best of all, here is an email you can cut/paste to forward to your group. Email Yes, it's a little female-centric, but easily modifiable for co-ed teams... [CUT &amp; PASTE STARTS HERE] There has been a lot of buzz about Bia, the new GPS sports watch developed for women, by women. If you haven’t seen it, check it out here: <url>’s NOT your standard “shrink it and pink it.” A slim lightweight design for smaller wrists. Triathlon race mode, unlimited Galloway-style run-walk intervals, and more Quick-connect GPS (no more waiting) Plus a unique SOS safety alert for peace of mind on solo runs/rides. The ladies at Bia are offering our team a custom-designed watchband if 20 or more of us pre-order before July 13th. This is more than a chance to get some something special for our team.... You see, Bia is currently raising money on the crowd-funding platform Kickstarter to finish development and produce the watches. Bia only has until July 13th at midnight to get $400K in pledges and pre-orders. If they fall short of that goal no one is charged for their pledge, but Bia also doesn’t get the funding they need. An amazing product and a great female-founded business won’t become a reality unless we help …and that custom watchband would be really sweet. Here is what we need to do: 1. Back Bia on Kickstarter <url>’t be any easier! Wouldn’t feel great to help a new company succeed - while getting an amazing training watch -- and our own custom watchband -- in the process? Let's do this! <url>"Street teams" are spreading the word at races in 10 states this weekend. We have some awesome press lined up for next week. ...and a few more surprises We have two weeks left. Even though $290K seems like a big number (ok, it is a big number) it is ABSOLUTELY DOABLE. In fact, we have everything we need to hit this number right in front of us: a one-of-a-kind product and 560 amazing backers -- each with 2 friends. CUSTOM BANDS JUST GOT BETTER! Note: Don't worry that you can't find where to enter team affiliation on Kickstarter. You can't. It's us, not you. We'll collect it after Kickstarter closes on July 13th. Our contest to win a free custom designed watch band is going strong. In fact some teams have SO blown us over with their participation and enthusiasm for spreading the word that we want to say Thank You early. Shout out to: The Sweat Pink Amabassadors Team Tough Chik Swim. Bike. Mom LATri You are all getting custom designed team watch bands!! &lt;I feel like I am channeling my inner Oprah&gt; If you think your "team" has or will have 20+ members jumping on board to pre-buy a Bia, ping us to see if we can add you to this list to. For smaller teams, our contest is still on. Each backer from your team earns you and entry into our random drawing for a custom team band after Kickstarter closes. THE FINE PRINT ON CUSTOM BANDS We can't collect team affiliation before Kickstartet ends so just back the project and select your reward as you normally would. When Kickstarter ends SUCESSFULLY! we'll collect team affiliation. If your team has over 20 $99+ backers we'll design your team band. You'll have the following options: $129 or $249 backers: Choose your team's band as your 2nd band. $20 or $40 backers: Redeem your team band with your free band coupon you buy your Bia next April. $99 or $199 backers: Add $20 to your pledge to reserve your team band now (preferred) or order it when watches ship in the spring. Tear it up this weekend and keep spreading the word! -- C2K Wow. We asked and you delivered! Yesterday we had our 3rd best day of new backers and blew right through 500 strong!. See Anna's THANK YOU video at the end. Next Up: $100,000 ...and it's within reach. We've had over 5000 video views and nearly 2,300 Kickstarter page likes . Chances are you have friends that have heard about Bia and just need a nudge to jump on board NOW instead of waiting. Fitness Magazine, Ironman, and Mirinda Carfrae are tweeting and retweeting us. We had great coverage in Mashable, but Rebekah Boruki hit it on the head on BexLife when she said: "I’m all about supporting other women in my shoes. When one of us succeeds, we all rise to the top!" Helping You Spread the Word A 1:1 request to a friend with your excitement - or sad eyes! - is going to work the best. Here's some stuff to help you out... CUT &amp; PASTE EMAIL I just backed Bia, this awesome project on Kickstarter. They have a great new GPS sports watch like nothing you've ever seen. It's designed for women but guys are scooping it up too. It's similar to the Garmin 310 but it's thin, lightweight and designed for smaller wrists. Plus it has a SOS safety alert for solo workouts - so smart!. The video on their Kickstarter page shows you everything: <url>#5 for details) And now for our main event! RUN NAKED Every run doesn't need to be a stats project. Most of us run for the pure joy of it. Having a watch with distance and pace taunting from your wrist can be distracting. But that doesn't mean you don't want to log your miles. Bia gives you the best of both worlds with Run Naked. Check it out. JEFF GALLOWAY STYLE RUN-WALK Lots of new runners start off with Run/Walk, but we’ve also met dozens of Marathon Maniacs who have stuck with Run/Walk from marathon 1 thru 99. Run-Walk works with both the standalone Bia sports watch and when you pair the watch with the GPS Go Stick . You can configure your own Run / Walk intervals right from the watch The number of intervals is unlimited – so you won’t get cut short and need to reset in the middle of your 26.2. (We've heard that complaint plenty) Here are some screen mock ups. What do you think? Let us know in the comments. TEAM CHALLENGE UPDATE Here's who we've got so far. If you team is missing, add it to the list on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/BiaSport ) or in the comments section here. And then GO GO GO. You only have one week to get your team on board. Endurance Concepts Endurance Run Group Flatiron Foxes Frisco Triathlon Club Golden Gate Tri Honey Badger Elite Run Squad Idiots Running Club LATri Team LunaChix Marathon Maniacs Mom’s in Motion Moms RUN This Town Nashville Triathlon Club Running Divas South End Rowing Club Stiletto Sugar Maniacs Sweaty Moms Teacher2Mother2Runner Team Girl Power 2 Cure Team LAS&amp;F Team Oiselle Team Red White and Blue Tri it For Life Tri-N For a Cause Under Armour What’’s Beautiful USAFIT Thanks! -- C2K We promised a contest when we hit $60K. Kristin Mayer of Betty Designs talks to Cheryl about sick sport style (video at the end) and then it's your chance to: Win a custom watch band designed for your team by Betty Designs ! WHAT COUNTS AS A TEAM? ANYTHING! Formal like the LA-Leggers or Golden Gate Tri Virtual like Another Mother Runner or Marathon Maniacs Affiliated like Team LunaChix or Oiselle Together for a cause or race like Ragnar Relay or your local TnT group or just you and your friends like The Honey Badger Elite Running Squad HOW TO ENTER. IT'S SIMPLE. Get as many as possible from your team to back Bia by June 30th. When Kickstarter ends on July 13th, we'll ask for team affiliation along with the other information we collect in order to fulfill rewards. Each person affiliated with your team earns your team an entry in the contest drawing. We'll pick the winning team at random from these entries. Your team leader works with Betty Designs to create a custom watch band. All team members can select the team band as part of their backer reward. Every backer who is part of your team can get your custom band. BUT only backers on board by June 30th will count as an entry towards the drawing . No matter how big or small your team, you have a chance at winning. The more of your team who back our project the better that chance though. If you want us to give your team a shout out on Facebook or Twitter to help you rally the troops, just post a comment with your team name. Let's go! THANK YOU!! (did I really forget to say that in my backer update? #ouch) We are so excited to have you along on this journey with us. We can't thank you enough. And we can't wait to rock your wrist with a Bia!!! Ok NOW let's do this! -- C2K This morning we hit 175 backers and over $35,000 pledges. We’re approaching our 10% mark but with your help we can easily hit our 20% of our goal this week. TELL YOUR RUNNING AND TRI TEAMS Post on the team FB page. <url>’re a woman runner, swimmer, biker, triathlete, you want kck.st/GetBia Help bring it to market and get yours first. I DID! Women, do you train and race in men's clothing? So why wear their watch? The first GPS watch for women kck.st/GetBia I did it!! I'm backing this! GOTTA HAVE IT! Bia: The First GPS Sports Watch for Women...by Women. kck.st/GetBia Ohmigod I love this #GPS watch with safety alert from @biasport, I need it! kck.st/GetBia I just backed this on #Kickstarter kck.st/GetBia #GPS watch that works in the city and has a safety alert. I just backed the first smart watch by/for #women on #Kickstarter kck.st/GetBia . Fashion + innovation = #xxintech. Check it out! EXPLAINING KICKSTARTER We've gotten LOTS of questions about how Kickstarter works. Here’s the best explaination we’ve seen. Thx @Janice. Bia has launched their product through Kickstarter, a crowd funding site. Bia has to reach its $400K fundraising goal by July 13th in order to go into production. You pledge any amount to the project but you aren't charged unless they reach their goal. If they reach their goal, you get charged and you get an awesome watch or other reward based on how much money you pledge. Bia only has until July 13th to hit their goal so if you want this GPS watch, the sooner you pledge the better. I really want this project to be successful so I can get my watch! IN THE PRESS We have almost 2500 video views, nearly 1000 likes. Interviews on Partnerunning.com and anothermotherrunner.com will debut later this week. We also heard some great things from the press and bloggers. GizMag : "[Bia] combines a variety of thoughtful features that should appeal to any athlete. Despite the marketing, the watch is available for men too (though most guys will probably opt for something other than the pink butterfly band)" SwimBikeMom "This is THE project we’ve been waiting for. This is THE revolution for women’s sport." Trendhunter : "9.4 rating!" We'll have a more product-centric update over the weekend. Right now it's all hands on deck to get momentum ramped so we hit our goal. Let's do this! 48 hours. $21,000. And 100 backers! What an amazing way to kick off this project. We can't thank you enough. Based on backer requests, we've added a His &amp; Hers award option. Due to demand we increased the number of beta tester awards from 5 to 10. We have an audacious funding goal but have no doubt we can make it happen. I just got off our first press interview. We'll keep you posted when stories hit. We'll share more details on the watch user interface. We'll introduce some of our field testers. And lots of other good stuff as we go. Welcome to the journey, it's going to be a fun 37 more days! -- C2K "Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I'm Possible." -- Audrey Hepburn