Hello and thank you once again for backing and supporting my Kickstarter project. I am so forever grateful. As you all know, the project went through and Kickstarter has collected the funds, which should be available to me in about a week. I was, however, able to move around some money/make a short-term loan to start ordering tools, t-shirts and other merch to get a jump on this process. Tools should start arriving in the next few days to weeks, but enough to where I can get started, and the tees should be here in a few weeks as well, and then go out to you. Today and tomorrow I will be sending out a questionnaire through Kickstarter to get some basic info from you, like t-shirt style and size, if you ordered a t-shirt. If you ordered a bike rack, the first questionnaire I will send out will be the automated Kickstarter form, but there will be a few different rounds of questions depending on which bike rack you order. I am only allowed one survey to be sent out through Kickstarter, and it does not allow pictures or attachments, which I will need to show you for stain color choice and a few other things. So, make sure you check your spam in the future or make sure that <email> is an accepted sender to you . Thanks again, and I cannot wait to start getting stuff out to you. My dearest appreciation, Eric Heck yeah. Made it. Wow, that was down to the wire. I was sweating for a minute. With a little over a day left Trophy Club has met its goal. Thank you all so much who have helped with a pledge and spreading the word. I am forever grateful. Trophy Club now has wheels. I will be in touch very soon to figure out the details on what kind of bike rack and stain you want or which T-shirt and sizes, stuff like that. Thank you so much to everybody again, Eric Hey guys, thank you so much for the support so far. Almost there with a few days to go. Kinda scary, but I am sure it will be fine. As soon as it gets to the $4000 mark, I am going to go buy those tools and get started on your racks. I will also be emailing you to find out exactly what you want and figure out the details. Thank you so much again. I am really excited to start making these things for you. I am sure you will be very happy with them. Oh don’t forget to tell your friends if you know someone who might be interested. Thanks again Eric Hello. Thank you so much for taking the time to check out my project and for the pledges if you have made one. I am posting this because there was some confusion about the reward pricing for the bike racks. This should make it easier than going back and forth to Flickr or Facebook. Here are pictures of different merchandise and racks with pricing written on them. Thanks again so much EP