Dear Backers, After the success of the original bloom blanket I have partnered with my friend Eyal Burstein to develop Bloom into a math and origami inspired homeware brand. Our second product, Nic , is now live on Kickstarter: <url>’s sewing pattern echoes the Miura fold, invented by Japanese astrophysicist Koryo Miura to simulate the rigid structures used in the Japanese space program. For a limited time, the original Bloom Blanket can be purchased at a discount along with a Nic on Kickstarter . Thank you for reading! Dear backers, What an amazing adventure this year has been. I remember last Christmas in Rome when I went to my favourite fabric shop in the Sant'Angelo quarter to buy a few meters of wool to test out an idea that I was working on. From this first prototype to delivering hundreds of finished blankets worldwide, with the help of my small team, I am overjoyed to announce that with few exceptions, all of the Kickstarter orders have been shipped. As this chapter comes to an end, my team and I will operate solely from <url>#bloomblanket. I will retweet and repost my favourites! Happy new year, Dear backers, Today over 500 blankets will arrive in Atlanta, Georgia awaiting worldwide delivery with Amazon, our shipping partner. <url>#bloomblanket. I will retweet and repost my favourites! Warmly, Dear backers, The first batch of bloom blankets is finally finished and on its way to my American and European distribution centers! If you ordered a blanket for October, expect to receive it very soon. I would love to see pictures of all of you with your beautiful blankets. Please post them to Twitter or Instagram with hashtag #bloomblanket. I will retweet and repost my favourites! Warmly, Dear backers, Great news! Every single Kickstarter backer will receive his or her blanket before Christmas! Not only that, but I will be offering a limited number of pre-Christmas orders on bloomblanket.com . Happy Holidays! Dear backers, Meet Mr. Flounder and Mr. Puig, the two new friends I've made from the bloom blanket's fabric. Want one of them to live at your place? Follow bloom's account on instagram and leave a comment telling me which one you would like here : <url>ó, Spain to make our final samples of the bloom blankets. Our first batch of cashmere wool is still being woven in Italy and the fabric should be finished in two weeks. After that, we can get started with the sewing! Since there are only a few seamstresses here and hundreds of blankets to make, we will need to ask a larger workshop in Italy to help us with our production. That will mean that I will have to travel a bit more, but it will be worth the effort to get 400 of my backers their blankets before the end of October. Best wishes, Dear backers, <url>