THE OFFICIAL TRAILER HAS ARRIVED! <url>"mini-preview" of sorts in an upcoming update and, in the meantime, I wish you all nothing but the best. I can't thank you all enough. Onward, Jeremy Friends — We thought it appropriate to send this update on a Wednesday, as we are now--thanks entirely to you generous folks!--over halfway to our funded goal. That’s amazing progress and frankly we are at a loss as to how we can keep this up. There’s still a ways to go to reach $35K by August 30th, and while we don't want to count our chickens before they hatch, we're plowing ahead with pre-production. ("If you will it, it is no dream." – Walter Sobchak) ("Also, you'll need a s**t ton of cash from your friends." – Jeremy Saulnier) Progress Report : I went to Boston last week to shoot what might very well be my last corporate video gig of the year— exactly 100% of my earnings are going directly into the budget! (My lovely wife Skei is deliiiighted by this.) Seven months in, Macon's ‘beach bum’ beard is still a nasty mess and getting longer every day. A pygmy bat has recently taken up residence in the bottommost portion. Alarming, at first, but now a source of comfort. We’ve locked a preliminary shooting schedule. Casting is going well and we are seeing some flat-out amazing auditions from many fantastic actors. We shot ambient footage on the Delaware shore this weekend (we hope to share some with you next update!). Test tracks for the score have been written. Locations are being secured. The train is most definitely in motion… To celebrate, we’re adding a few new rewards : For $300, we are offering LIMITED EDITION BLUE RUIN PRINTS BY WORLD-RENOWNED COMIC BOOK SUPERSTAR FRANCESCO FRANCAVILLA! Whether you’re a fan of Francesco’s work on Mark of Zorro , Swamp Thing , Scalped , Sorrow , Black Beetle (or about a million other amazing books) or just dig quality pop art in general, this is a fun one. Check out his work: <url>’ve convinced our Blue Ruin tech consultant and resident craftsman Bill Blair to artistically customize another Stratocaster electric six-sting in the “beach noir” style of the film. And while he’s at it… For $250, we are offering a TENOR FOUR-STRING BLUE RUIN ELECTRIC GUITAR. Imagine a ukulele and a Les Paul mashed together for a heavy metal show and then hand crafted in the style of the movie. And of course, all the previous rewards are still in place. Your support means so much to me, and to everyone working on the movie, and we are energized to bring you the best movie we possibly can in recognition of that. If you will, please post the Kickstarter link, leave us comments, all that fun stuff: exposure over the various social medias has gotten us this far and, with a little bit of help, we believe it can take us the rest of the way. Thank you all again, and be well. Okay. Back to storyboarding, now. -Jeremy