Hello Backers! We're back on Kickstarter with our latest project. Check it out and let us know your thoughts. We'll be back again with another cool FLUXMOB project in the very near future. Stay tuned! REFYNE - P1: The First Modular Titanium EDC Penlight The P1 is a bold, modular design that reduces the amount you carry by combining two commonly used items, a pen and flashlight, into a single functional and innovative package. Grade 5 Titanium Body Super bright 130 lumen flashlight Magnetic quick release light Removable/Rechargeable 10180 lithium Ion Battery LAMY M22 pen refill Shipping Now! Hello Everyone, We have some exciting news to share with you all, our shipment has arrived! We're going to start shipping the rewards out as soon as possible and everyone will receive an email confirmation with tracking within the next few days. Once you receive your tracking number, please allow 24-48 hours (most likely less) for your package to scan in and update. Questions? To better serve and answer any questions or concerns, please contact us directly at <email> and we'll be sure to answer you asap. This method will help us better organize messages and answer questions much quicker. Once you start receiving your BOLT²s, we'd love for you to share with us on our Facebook page as well as follow us on Instagram (@fluxmob). Use hashtag #boltanywhere + #fluxmob so we can see all of the cool places around the world you're using BOLT²! Surveys We've got the majority of survey responses, but we still have a few stragglers out there. If you haven't filled out your survey, please take a couple minutes to complete it. We are nearing the final stages of production and we need your responses to finalize everything. We will be placing our T-Shirt order by the end of the week, so if you are expecting a T-Shirt and haven't filled out the survey then your size may not be available at the time of shipment. We're looking at shipping out rewards within two weeks. Questions If you have any questions at all please email us directly at <email> and we'll get an answer to you shortly. Backerkit Surveys Setup your shipping address, choose the color of your BOLT² and even add extra BOLTs and accessories using Backerkit. The invitations are going out shortly, so just check your inbox and follow the super simple instructions to make your selections. If you have any questions at all feel free to email us directly at <email> and we'll get you an answer quickly. Production Update Our factory has already started production and we're on schedule to deliver in July. Here are some photos so you can see the progress. That's all for now, enjoy your week! Thank You! Once again, you guys have gone above and beyond and we want to thank each and every one of our 2,030 backers for not only supporting our kickstarter but also for making it such a huge success. You guys are awesome and we owe it all to you! Thank you, thank you, thank you. What's Next? We are right on schedule and production will begin shortly. We will have more details and images to share in the next few weeks. In the mean time we will be sending out BackerKit surveys in two weeks to collect all necessary backer information. For those unfamiliar with BackerKit, it's a super simple way to manage your pledge, shipping address, and make all of your selections (i.e. color choice, add additional BOLTs, cables and so on). Questions? To better serve and answer any questions or concerns, please contact us directly at <email> and we'll be sure to answer you asap. This method will help us better organize messages and answer questions much quicker. Here's a shout out to our good friends for a very innovative space-saving and ergonomic luggage product that you should definitely check out. It's called BARRACUDA , the world's first fully-collapsible hardside carry-on luggage with built-in ergonomic laptop tray, GPS and a distinctive design. Click here to check out this cool project! Check out BARRACUDA: <url>²? We've still been getting a lot of questions asking how our backers can order multiple BOLT²s. It's easy. Simply adjust your pledge amount by multiplying your reward level to the number of units you want. International backers only need to cover shipping once. For example: If you're one of the lucky backers in the $35 tier and you want 3 BOLTs, simply multiply your pledge amount by 3. $35 x 3 = $105 Don't worry about color selection. We'll take care of that at the end of the campaign with the survey. Help Spread the Word! Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. Ti Mini Q The ultimate titanium key organizer &amp; locking knife in one is now on Kickstarter. Check it out and get one while you can! EcoQube C- Your Window to Nature EcoQube is a desktop ecosystem and the lowest maintenance aquarium ever! You NEVER have to change the filter because it uses natural PLANTS to filter the water! Our friends, the inventors of the EcoQube is offering it for just $59! Get yours HERE: <url>| An Epic Puzzle-Adventure Game Winterflame is a side-scrolling, puzzle adventure game with at least 50 puzzles in 5 different areas and more than 20 magical combinations to overcome them. The puzzles are designed to engage players through color, music and logic and their sheer complexity will thrill and astound you. Discover the wonders of a bizarre yet beautiful environment and how objects react to you and your abilities. What if the act of saving a loved one leads to the uncovering of a distorted truth? Would you be willing to take the plunge and have your perceptions challenged? Check it out Stretch Goal Announcement: Travel Case We received over 100 votes for your choice of stretch goal and almost half of the votes were for the tailored travel case. We reached out to our factory last week and had a sample made to make sure we get the dimensions just right. We've left enough space to squeeze a short cable inside as well. We're still working on the final color and material options, but we're thinking along the lines of gray/black. Here's a photo of the sample below. We'll keep you updated as we get closer to a finalized sample. If you had your heart set on either the car charger or international adapter kit (or all three) then don't worry. We'll also be offering those at the end of the campaign as add ons for a very low price. Share our project Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. Dash 4.0 Wallets Dash Wallets is back on Kickstarter with their latest super-slim wallet. They’re a steal for only $12! Count us in. Check it out here. The WiPy: The Internet of Things Taken to the Next Level We have come across another Kickstarter campaign with a really amazing project that you should definitely check out. It's called The WiPy: an IoT development platform that runs Python in real time, and features the perfect blend of power, friendliness and flexibility. The hardware is 100% Python programmable, and combines a Cortex-M4 microcontroller with a WiFi network processor, making it the Swiss army knife of the Internet of Things. We definitely recommend you check it out! Stretch Goal Ideas We'll be announcing our stretch goal once we hit 72k in funding. We're almost there, but we're pretty confident that we can hit this goal with your help. Right now we have three potential stretch goal ideas. Soft zipper travel case tailored specifically for BOLT² Dual port 2.1A USB car charger International plug adapter kit with carrying pouch Cast your vote in the comments below so we can get a feel for what you'd like to receive. Want More Than One BOLT²? We've been getting a lot of questions asking how our backers can order multiple BOLT²s. It's easy. Simply adjust your pledge amount by multiplying your reward level to the number of units you want. International backers only need to cover shipping once. For example: If you're one of the lucky backers in the $35 tier and you want 3 BOLTs, simply multiply your pledge amount by 3. $35 x 3 = $105 Don't worry about color selection. We'll take care of that at the end of the campaign with the survey. BOLT² Testing Right now our factory is testing some pre production samples that we had made. Testing is going just as expected. Our first crimson unit (as seen on the bottom shelf) is on its way to us now for color verification. We're getting all of this out of the way now so as soon as the campaign ends we'll be able to give the green light to the factory and they can start production right away. Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. LunoWear: 73 Year Old Watchmaker Launches NEWEST Watch With Grandson Check out this kickstarter we just backed! We bet you've never a seen watch like this before! They're called LunoWear . They use all natural bamboo and Ebony wood for the watch case and genuine leather for the band. It's awesome! They have the same sleek and stylish look as other watches but they're WOOD! Stylish yet unique; the perfect combination. At just $45 you get yourself a cool watch AND 20% OFF LUNOWEAR PRODUCTS FOR LIFE! So cool! They also have a really cool back story. Go take a look at their project and support these guys! ODiN - World's first projection mouse We highly recommend you to take a look at our friends' cool project! ODiN is the world's first ever laser projection mouse that starts your user experience anew. Intuitive and responsive, the electro-optical mouse works well on any surface. Compatible with Windows and Mac, it also features a user-defined application "button" in the sensing area. Let the comfy "mouse" stop your wrist harm. They just began their pilot production this week. Check it out! turbotop™ - a mesmerizing spinning top with turbo blades Our friends at turbotop introduce a spinning top inspired by Leonardo’s drawings and jet turbines. Spinning tops were invented thousands of years ago and they continue to be very popular with people of all ages. The turbotop brings a different design to this ancient toy: it introduces turbine blades which create amazing 3D optical illusions of the reverse rotation traveling through the entire height of the turbotop . Packaging Design We've received our first round of packaging design and wanted to share it with all of you. The overall packaging will be a white box with a flip down door on the inside and a slide out cover will wrap around the outside. What do you think? Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. MAGZET: The Audio Jack Reinvented with the Power of Magnets We'd like to give a shout out to another company who launched a Kickstarter campaign for something incredibly cool that you should definitely check out. It's called MAGZET, an audio jack that connects to your devices via magnets. Think Apple MagSafe but for audio jacks which helps save your devices, headphones, and audio cables from damage! They launched a couple weeks back and have been featured in numerous articles, including Fast Company, Billboard and Gizmag. Check it out here: <url>™ | A Pocket-Sized Water Bottle Fit for any Adventure Did you know that US consumers use and throw away 90,000 disposable water bottles every MINUTE? That's 50 billion plastic bottles per year. And less than a quarter are actually recycled! The HYDAWAY Collapsible Water Bottle is a convenient, space-saving solution to this epidemic. And they are running a Kickstarter campaign right now. You can get your bottle by clicking here: <url>’s possible to make a difference, and we think you’ll agree. What’s even cooler is that they have partnered with 1% for the Planet to offer a stretch goal to backers in honor of Earth Day. If they reach $70,000 by midnight on Earth Day, the creator will personally donate the equivalent of 1% of their TOTAL fundraising effort to this great organization! ArcLighter - Flameless, Electronic Candle Lighter Our friends over at Ignite Lighters is changing the way you light candles forever. The ArcLighter is the world’s first flameless, electronic, rechargeable candle lighter powered by Ignite Lighter's patent pending ArcLighter Technology. This revolutionary new lighter has no flame and requires no fuel. Instead, it's powered by a rechargeable battery and produces a super high-intensity electric arc that can instantly light candles, incense, gas stoves, and a whole lot more! Check it out here: <url>"Best Damn Duffel Bag" Their campaign raised $430k and has claimed the title as the “Most Successful Bag on Kickstarter”! This classic barrel bag is redesigned for the Modern Individual. Introducing Bomber Barrel - the best damn everyday carry by Bomber &amp; Company. Don't forget this is your LAST CHANCE to get a Bomber Barrel and get 20% OFF with pre-order discount code: “KickBomber” Link is HERE: <url>² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! Tap this image below to Tweet your followers: Tap this image below to share on Facebook: We'd also like to share with you our friend's over at iForte's newest project: FUSION Stand FUSION Stand merges functionality with a minimalistic style into a sleek desktop solution. It is crafted from a solid piece of aircraft grade aluminum. Raise your monitor, improve your posture, charge/dock your iPhone &amp; iPad, Galaxy smartphone &amp; tablet, and keep your desk organized with the elegantly designed stand. Designed and Made in the USA. Thanks everyone and have a great day!