This was the first Kickstarter that failed and ripped me off. My bolt stopped working about 5 months ago and Ive gone to relying in my Limefuel 150XR. It was nice while it lasted, but you guys seriously need to address this issue. Super capacitors & Lithium batteries arent supposed to go bad that quickly. My Bolt stopped working all together last summer. I happen to run across its dead carcasscarcass today, and it made me decide to see if othes had the same issue. I'm sorry to see I'm not the only one. My replacement bolt stopped charging and won't even charge my phone plugged in anymore.. :( Yep my replacement stopped working too. My halo battery is going strong that my mom bought me 2 Christmas's ago. Sad day. Fluxmob - I just wanted to send you a message and let you know that I've gone through two bolts - both have stopped working. I loved the product, but both of them stopped working at the same time - kind of disappointed. :( I'm pissed and glad to see these comments. Mine only works when plugged in now. This sucks. I've gone through 2 that have since died. One they replaced, the other I haven't bothered to ask. My best friend's husband bought one online and his too lasted about a year. While I think the idea is cool, ultimately execution is a miss. I still have my portable back-up battery that I've had for years that is a sure bet. Too bad, so wanted this to be a long term solution. Just wanted to share that my second one died. Since it's past the original 1 year period, no replacement is offered which is fine. Just be warned that these seem to last somewhere between 6 to 12 months before becoming defective. Though this comment is a bit delayed, I would be remiss in not reporting that the creator quickly contacted me (after my comment below) and replaced my unit. This even after I advised them I did not require a replacement as I view the KS platform as somewhat developmental and was happy I at least received something that worked for a while (unlike many projects). So I believe this creator is in it for the long haul and I applaud their customer service. Mine has stopped working.........can't even turn it on...... Used a few times - now no longer charges anything. Ah, no big deal, just a warning for anyone who checks here while considering the purchase of one. Sent! Still love mine! I need to order some for every outlet in the house! Is there any discount for backers? I would like to get a few more! Could you check my order please, I haven't receive my bolt? I tried ordering more fluxmob online but they are out of stock... When will they be in stock again? I had a little difficulty with my order. The customer service from this company is terrific! A really outstanding job. So many companies today provide such poor service, it is very refreshing to find a business doing things so smartly. Real happy with my Bolt. Has been key during recent road trips. Thanks, guys! Great service, guys. Thank you! I also realize that both of my units do the same behaviour but I will follow up when I get a reply to my email. Just emailed you guys about a broken fluxmob I have. I never received my BOLT, how to get my money back? Stopped working AGAIN ! ... Keep turning off after 10-15 minutes!! Hi, I have the same problem...I'll send an email to troubleshoot. Thanx Having a problem with mine. It works fine in the wall. However when I go to use the battery. It charges my iPhone 5 maybe once fully. When I press the battery check button. It shows 3 LEDs. Wen I turns on and starts to send power to my iPhone. It shows the green led like normal. But then drops to one blue led. Then shuts off. Help. My Bolt has died, no more led's ever, and no charging my iphone Despite the electrocution, I have to say how impressed I am with Fluxmob customer service! They have very rapidly contacted me and taken the matter seriously. Great work Fluxmob! Has anyone else been electrocuted by their bolt? Had no problems the first times just charging it and using it while outside. However, the first time I charged my iPhone with it plugged in to the wall I got electrocuted - full voltage zap when I grasped the cable and phone. Very dangerous and Bolt not working anymore. Lasted less than a month! Anyone else had this problem? Not very impressed! @Ken Steffey: Hi! I noticed that (the "sporadic LEDs") the other morning. I was charging two of them at the same time overnight. When I got up the next morning, I noticed one with the LEDs on solid, indicating it was fully charged, and the other one had it's LEDs "...rapidly switching between two led patterns..." as you indicated. I wondered what was going on with it, but decided to simply unplug it from the outlet and try charging my iPhone with it. When I unplugged it, the LEDs when out as they should have. When I "tapped" on the power button, it showed a full charge, as it should have. And when I used it to charge my iPhone, it worked just as it should have and fully charged my phone. Other than this one anomaly, my Bolts are working great and I've received many comments about how nice they look and how functional they are. This user's account has been deleted. Hi, I just opened my bolt yesterday and I found out that my phone's only charging when the bolt is plugged in the electric outlet...and it doesn't charge my phone by itself... I am having the same issue with the sporadic LEDs when fully charged. I believe this issue occurs because, as the shutoff circuitry takes affect, the bolt will slowly lose power due to multiple reasons, and then fully charge again and shutoff, etc. Therefore when fully charged the bolt is rapidly switching between two led patterns: the top two LEDs oscillating and the "light" going up and down the row to show it's fully charged. The bolt being unsure of what charging state it's at causes the sporadic affect. I am not sure if this is a product defect or a miscalculation in circuitry, but either way does not affect the functioning of the product. My BOLT is having some issues. Sending you details in an email! Thanks to Alan, I got a replacement Bolt but its now stolen. You know the Bolt is popular when it's stolen! :( You guys have the best costumer service ever :-) Hey, I just received my Bolt and was super excited to get to use it, however when I plug in my iPhone 5s it won't charge. It's not the cable, and the Bolt works fine with my iPad and other peripherals. I went to test it with other devices and it's only iPhone 5 and 5s devices that will not charge. Is there something wrong with my Bolt? Please help me Wanted to love this thing...but FAIL...traveling between NYC to la and heading for thanksgiving vaca....lights don't really work and it doesn't charge as advertised. When I plug my phone with bolt then plug bolt to the wall it sometimes doesn't charge my phone. Especially when the bolt is low or has no power. Is it suppose to do this or charge my phone first when bolt is plugged to the wall plug? I wanted to check in and say I love my BOLT! I went on a trip and used it every day, very easy to use and gave me the extra boost with compact size I needed. I am really happy with the professional looking retail packaging as well. I can only make one suggestion and that is to maybe have more rounded edges in version 2 Hi Guys, my Bolt has just died. Not charging, no lights, nothing. What can I do? I've only used it for 2 weeks too since it arrived. I'm based in Australia. I'm having a few problems with my bolt. I sent an e-mail to <email>. Please check and response. I haven't had a chance to really use my bolt yet but so far while plugged into a plug socket and nothing connected to the bolt the lights are going crazy. Just very odd patterns happening. Is this singeing I should be concerned about? I would have thought that by plugging it into the wall the green lights would flash all the way to the top until it's completely charged and then either stay solid green (like full bars on a cell phone) or shut off the lights. But neither is happening. I've been using my bolt for about a week now and it's a great product, but I may have a defective one. I have an HTC One and at 2300 Mah I wasn't expecting 2 full charges but it only gives me one at 30% battery life. My bolt doesn't charge when just by itself in an outlet. I have to have something plugged into it then it will start charging. Also it takes about 10-12 hours or so to fully charge anything less will only have it on three lights. I'm not sure how long it's supposed to take to charge. This thing is a LIFE SAVER!! I was listening to Kashmir on my iPod and half way through the song my iPod flashed 'low battery' so I plugged in BOLT by Fluxmob and was able to continue listening to my favorite band not just for that song, but FOR THE REST OF THE DAY! Thanks, Fluxmob! Mine is working, and it's been a real help the last few weeks, but the blue LEDs don't seem to be working when I push the button briefly. Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong here? Love my BOLT. Looks good and works even better. Hi Fluxmob, I picked up two of the units, one is Argon, the other Stealth and have been using both and absolutely love them. However, I've noticed that the Stealth one does not charge consistently and would not fully charge my iPhone 5s. When I plug it in overnight and wake up the next morning, it is still blinking on the last 2 dots, then after a few more seconds, it starts from 1 and irratically blinks in weird manner before going back to the 2 dots. Is anyone experiencing this issue? I also have a short video of this. Thanks. I've had my Bolt for a few weeks now and its wonderful. Its so great I have to wrestle it away from my friends when I let them borrow it for a quick charge. The Bolt is also going to be a great Christmas present for my family. Thanks so much for a solid product. Just got mine a few minutes ago. It is indeed beautiful. One question, i seldom use a portable battery. Will the life expectancy decease significantly If i just use BOLT as a normal charger, leave it plugged in then use it as a battery backup maybe once every two weeks? I have another portable battery but i always forget to charge it, that's the main motivation why i backed this project. This user's account has been deleted. Just received it few hours ago and it is beautiful :-) GREAT JOB FLUXMOB This user's account has been deleted. Got my unit earlier this week. Love it! Thanks for a great product. Hey there, got my Bolt in a timely manner. The device is gorgeous and solidly built. Unfortunately i have reason to believe my battery is defective. After plugging it overnight (8+ Hours every time), it only charges my iPhone 5S from 1 to 56% before Bolt gives up and dies. I'm sure I just got a lemon because as I understand it the iPhone 5S has a 1400+mAh battery so this 3000mAh unit should work for about two charges, but it can't even do one. How can we process an exchange? It came to me quicker than i expected (i live in Thailand, in the other word, it will take so much time possible because usa and th is exactly opposite site of the world each other) the shirt is neat and bolt is my favourite gadget right now , thank you Fluxmob ! :D This user's account has been deleted. Received my unit today. Happy with the feel and the looks. LEDs work as described. Charges my iPhone 4s with longer cables. with my iPad 2, it works with the cable provided (3 in 1) and slower on other longer cables (showing the usual "not charging" message). Pretty much on time too. A job well done, Fluxmob! Got mine this week. I was worried when I noticed the extremely cheap plastic part of the packaging but once I had it out the quality of the device was immediately apparent. It feels quite solid and so far I'm both impressed and happy. I plan on doing a charge in the morning to test it out a bit but I have noticed the battery level light doesn't work properly when charging. It only displays 1/4 lights when at a full charge. No biggie just something I thought I'd point out. I'll post again when I get a better feel for the device Got it used it loved it! Received my unit today. Worked great for my ipod and my cell phone. So I got my BOLT, and I have to say, it's beautiful. However, It only holds a single charge for my 1000mah phone battery... I was under the impression that the battery in the bolt would hold 3000mah... What's going on here? I got my BOLT and am very happy with it! Thank you! One question: Is there a detector, that shuts down the BOLT charger when reaching the max. And is there a timer, if you forgot to shut down after a longer time of charging? Thank you for answering. Thanks for the reply Fluxmob. So what am I actually supposed to see when plugged into the wall? And is it ok if I just left it plugged in without charging anything? Got my two units today (London, UK). Really happy with the product. Are the blue LEDs supposed to be flashing when plugged into the wall? This user's account has been deleted. Got it just now (Israel). Feels great in my hand. Impressive build. Glad I backed this one. thank you. i got mine today. Received mine today here in Montreal. Build quality is stellar, the BOLT doesn't get hot or even warm to the touch, and fluxmob support is probably one of the best on KS; I got a reply to my email within 10 minutes! Don't be turned off by the questionable packaging quality, I've been playing with the BOLT all day, and it's clear they pumped all the money they saved from using a fancy box into putting out a solid product. I received mine today here on west coast of Canada. I received my bolt shortly after it shipped, I loved. Like I said, I loved it because 30 mins ago a plugged it in to power outlet at an airport and it got completely fried along with the cable that was attached to it. Luckily I have another battery pack as a back up and had to pay $35 for a new cable. I received my Bolt and I love it. My problem is that I was only able to use it once. I plugged it in for an evening, it charged up three lights and now it no longer charges itself or my iPhone. Any advice? Do I have to turn on by pressing the button for 3 seconds to charge my phone without using the battery? Charging seems to be much slower on a iphone 5 AND never hits 100% be stopping, seems to quit at 70% or so on an iphone 5. Sometimes quits much sooner. just a question here, any news on Canada, still waiting on mine QQ This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Just wanted to say that the Fluxmob customer service has been exceptional. Really great job, and I hope to see/buy more Fluxmob products in the future! @Fluxmob It seems that the cable I usually use to charge my phone from work is faulty. I tried the cable that came with my phone and the cable that came with the BOLT, both worked. The cable I normally use only seems to charge my phone when plugged into the wall socket that came with it. I apologize for any confusion but thank you for the fast response! I received my BOLT couple days ago and it looks awesome! Although I did have a small problem not sure if any one else is experiencing the same issue. I charged it all last night and only noticed 3 solid blue lights with a blinking 4th light, but didnt think much of that. I then started to charge my phone which was at about 20% charge and in under an hour my BOLT lost it's charge leaving my phone at about 50%. Is this a known issue? Thanks! I have a Galaxy Nexus and it does not seem to be charged by the BOLT. I held down the button for 3 sec and the little green light came on but my phone does not appear to be charging. I will wear it down tonight and see if by plugging it in and setting it to charge. How long should I expect it to take to charge my phone half way or so? Got mine today. Love the design but mine looks damaged and the package it came in was beat the hell up in the mail. The USB port sits crooked in the cradle and is wobbly. Seems to work but worried its gonna break the connections over time. There a support line for this sorta thing? Got mine today, great build quality it feels very sturdy and works perfectly with my iPhone 5S. Do we get a discount code if we want to buy more for being a backer? Really pleased with the quality of the product. Heading out on the road next week, so will give the battery a workout. It will be nice not hunting for a plug at the airport. Ohhhhh, that's what it was... never mind, that makes sense now! The car charger is adorable, by the way. Wasn't expecting it to be so... small! Out of confusion, were we supposed to receive the international charger and the carrying bag with the Bolt? love it, very happy with the results! @fluxmob Thanks for the quick response. I love the Bolt's design, really great. @Fluxmob Thanks for clearing up the confusion! Fantastic product by the way. I love it. I am also getting 'Not Charging' on my ipad - I am waiting for it to charge fully the first time before trying again. Is anybody else getting a 'Not Charging' status on an iPad 2nd Gen? I've got the BOLT plugged into a wall outlet and it's still showing 'Not Charging' on my iPad. Got my BOLT today. The box was a bit threadbare, but beauty comes from within. I probably would've passed on it at retail, though. BOLT showed three charge lights right out of the box. Sweet. Plugged it into the wall. Zapped that fourth light into submission. Unplugged. Plugged my phone into the BOLT. Nothing. Experienced soul-crushing disappointment at modernity and all of its trappings. After several minutes spent wallowing in an emotional abyss, thought to actually read the instructions. Rediscovered that the BOLT Is not an always-on device. Held down the button for three seconds, et voila! Angels began to vocalize in le perfect harmony (they're French angels) as a tiny lightning bolt parked itself on my phone's display. The design looks slick. It has a good density to it which suggests solidity, quality, and possible efficacy as an emergency self-defense tool. The rubberized matte texture is wonderful, and assuredly magnifies the Stealth color's radar-absorbent properties. The button feels like a successful first date: good click, no wiggle. The resistance of the prong hinge reminds me of a golden retriever: solid and agreeable. The corners are sharper than supermodels' elbows. They look great, but don't feel great. Simply rounding off the corners iOS-style wouldn't look as nice, though. The stark minimalism is great, so don't change that... except maybe change that a bit... but not really. This is the first project I've backed, so based on this sample set of one, I have no idea what those people complaining about Kickstarter project delays and fulfillment issues are going on about. All of the Kickstarter projects I've backed have concluded in a timely, uneventful manner with a great, delivered product. [fist bump] Super impressed with my BOLT. Love it and I'm sure it will work for me for a long time to come. Much better size than my previous PowerTap battery pack. Love the rubberized feel. Advice for BOLT 2.0 - the corners on this one are sharp. Consider rounding them a bit. Well I'm going to leave my final comment now that I've finally received my BOLT. Pros: Looks great - Solid feel - Love the blue LED color - Small and compact but still a quick charge - Amazing campaign. Great communication and on-time delivery. Negatives: Huge problem here. On the manual, under the warnings, in the third bullet point, you have a typo. Says "to" twice in a row ;) Great job guys. Really like the product. Shirt feels great too. I've said it a million times, but one last time - make a BOLT 2.0! Until then, great job, and good luck! Just received mine today, works perfectly and looks great. Well done Fluxmob! Just received my BOLT today. I charged it up until all four of the LEDs were lit up and then plugged it into my iPhone (4s) to charge. I then held the button until the green light turned on. The phone began charging, however, when I pressed the button on the BOLT, only two LEDs lit up fully, even though all 4 had been lit up a minute earlier. Is this normal? Received my BOLTs (Argon & Graphite) today. VERY nice!!! These things look really great and even my wife was impressed with the quality and appearance. The accessories were also very nice. @Fluxmob: You guys did a great job on this project and are to be congratulated! From concept to final execution and delivery, it was all terrific! Thanks a lot!!! w00t, Bolt is on it's way. I'll update when it arrives (Israel) Just received my Bolt this morning. Looks great. Packaging was a little beat up and it was shipped in a padded envelope via USPS. That's a VERY minor complaint that I got over once I opened it up. The charger itself is perfectly functional so far. It was able to charge my Samsung Galaxy S3, 4th gen iPad and Pebble smart watch. I did NOT receive any message on the iPad about using a non-Apple charger. Bolt was actually about 3/4 charged when I first checked charge status. I really like the rubberized finish, but it seems like it will show smudges pretty easily. Not a huge deal because it's pretty easy to wipe off. I like the sharp corners and lines and the button seems very sturdy and has a distinct tactile response when pressing. LED lights are very clear and easy to see. Side question I should have asked sooner - Is there a way to charge my Bolt in my car using a charging cable? Great product folks! I will be at an all-day event tomorrow and will definitely have this with me. Thanks, BR I'm pleased to report I received a notification of shipping over the weekend and it arrived today in Massachusetts. It seems to be working well. Reading the instructions quickly reminded me the battery has a power saving switch (off mode) and is toggled by pressing the button for 3 seconds. I am happily delighted this project met all of its goals including stretch goals, high quality product, and delivery time. A much deserved congratulations goes to Fluxmob! Please keep us 1790 backers updated as your business continues to evolve. Received email on shipping out date of Oct 26 and tracking info. But tracking link came back with "Not Found. Delivery status information is not available for your item via this web site.A return receipt after mailing may be available through your local Post Office." Received mine today, but will not charge my iPhone 5 running ios7. Keep getting this error message "This cable or accessory is not certified and my not work reliably with this iPhone". Do I have a defected cable? If so how may I get another? Shipped! Right stoked to finally have been a part of a project that was lucky enough to finish up on time! has anyone received in Canada so far? <url>"Add Add-ons" page doesn't seem to be working. I made my selection and clicked the "Add to Cart" button, it changed to "Added" for a second and then changed back to "Add to Cart" and nothing was added and the money amount didn't change. I sent an e-mail to someone via the "Ask us a Question" link, but I'm not sure if it went to you or to someone from BackerKit. Maybe you could check on it and see what's up! Thanks, Ron Scott Hi, just got an email for verification on the choices. Can u confirm as the strech goal had exceeded 88k that we will also get the traveling charger adapter for free too? I just dont see that in my internary so confused if we backers r getting it or we need to purchase it... I'll hold my answer to get this confirmation 1st... Thks;)... Thanks Fluxmob for the quick response!!! Actually I got the Reward Survey this AM with the following questions only so I was just curious. I will not respond to that survey for now then. Thanks. What color BOLT and stretch goal option would you like? What charging cable would you like? Curious how to response to the Kit with "multiple"... TIA. Yep, Got that survey. And yes, I did pick 3-1 adapter just was not sure what you call the iPhone 5 adapter . Thanks I'm apologize if this question has been asked . But does the charger come with the iPhone 5 charging cable? Thanks! Could you post a picture of the Argon version. I dont quite remember what it looks like. Thank you! This user's account has been deleted. Hi I got the survey for the Fluxmob color and adapter the problem is I paid for 3 and would like 3 different adapters for 3 different phones. How do I communicate it to you? Can I submit 3 surveys? Adding that car charger option really made this a hard decision! I don't travel but the kit includes 3 items and a carrying pouch! Gaahh. 2 USB port car charger! Aghh. WHY -__- Is there a picture of the car charger? Come on Nir that's a clown question bro. Budgeting is what it is. Introducing a fourth color moves a lot more money around than you would think. Fluxmob has spoken! There's always spray paint. :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Nir has a point, I totally agree with him. Please don't leave us Crimson lovers disappointed :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Haha! Y'all seen that new Kickstarter called JuiceBee? Virtually the same thing except not nearly as stylish! You guys should combine into one company for Bolt 2 and make it a super-awesome version ;) OOPS. Not so cool after all. It can't charge a device while it charges. Hopefully BOLT can do this! Cool device for sure. Esp like how small it is. Still, I couldn't wait and bought me one of these: <url>#stuff-you-want It's quite similar but larger and more powerful, though has many same features + it can charge 2 devices at once. I'll haul it around until I can get my bolt. This user's account has been deleted. I see the Mantis (theCHIVE) color as an option! I hope that one pulls through! Any running results of the poll that we can see? Or are we just going to find out at the end? I hate suspense! Lol. This user's account has been deleted. Hey bolt I was wondering when the bolts will be able to be shipped? This user's account has been deleted. +1 orly Having both the car charger and the int'l travel kit is a great idea... Any way we can get both? :P I see from the latest update that we will, indeed, have our choice of either the travel kit or a USB car charger, so that's a great option. Thanks for working so quickly on that!!! Oh, and Erik Jung, I appreciate you crediting me with the car charger idea, but it really wasn't mine. I was just passing on a suggestion made by Nir Shapir -- although after re-reading his comment, he may have wanted both! ;-) I just wanted a choice between the two! So I'll be sure to grab the car charger with my Bolt! C Ya!!! Hi guys, it's really nice that you added the car charger to the stretch reward but it would be much nicer if you will make it a part of the international traveler kit so we wouldn't have to choose between them :) There was someone who cancelled his pledge for $40 and someone took it so quickly lol I was sad. This user's account has been deleted. the count down begins 80 seconds! I like Ronald's idea; a car charger would be the most useful for me! 30 Mins to go The final hours plus sharing helped us reach the stretch goal :D This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations for reaching that stretch goal. Congratulations on reaching the stretch goal!!! That's great news! And while I appreciate the offer of something additional for the stretch goal reward, I don't really have any use for the travel kit since I don't travel overseas anymore -- I did enough of that during 20 years in the Army! I'll take it if that's the only option, but I think I recall others wondering if other options might be available, such as different charging cable options or, as Nir Shapir suggested, perhaps a car charger. Anyway, congratulations again on getting fully funded and then reaching the stretch goal! Great job and I'm looking forward to receiving my Bolt!!! Yay! We reached the stretch goal :) This user's account has been deleted. Woo hoo!! Come on!!!! $81 left! $357 left! Share Share Share!! Hello, is this a I-polymer battery? Egad, only 39 more units need backing to make stretch...let's do this! Hi guys quick one if I back for two bolts will I receive two adapters if we make the stretch? Will need them both here in AUS if I get one for my wife:) GM Share people! Lets get that stretch goal! less than 24 hours :D Stretch Goal is so close... Only $5K to go... This may have been answered before, but I am curious about the longevity of the charger. Everyone knows that phone batteries lose their capacity over time; will Bolt see the same problem after enough use? Thanks for your answer, but I tried to look it up and couldn't find any dimensions for the cable (and I lost the one that came with my device), here's the page for ordering a new one though: <url>"It seems it will go well with this: <url>" Jun. 29, 2013 on The Practical Meter: Know your power!. That is some very shady business practice as far as I'm concerned! I backed you guys, but when I look at the previous available option, they have better quality and casing. I will like to hear your thoughts. <url>"justin zito" that is a founder of fluxmob with 0 connections as of this writing. <url>"Kobe Red": (read all about it here: <url>"model" as in the kind in the movie Zoolander... ;) Any way we can purchase multiple BOLTs? I'd say, one for me and a friend backer option would be great! the battery on the charger looks like a NIMH, wouldn't it be better to use a Lipo battery that have higher capacity and since they are squared, they can use up the space more efficiently . This product will be great if it tends to replace the stock plug providing by Apple or Samsung. It can still charge your phone when there wasn't any socket. But I think it needs more advantages to get people to pledge it. After all, it won't be very different from buy an other cheaper but still good quality power bank. The user experience will very identical, you still have to do what you have to done with power bank. This would be a winner device if you guys could have a second USB port on the bottom so that charging of 2 devices would be possible. Any plans for this or a stretch goal? I really hope this gets funded. However one weird thing I've been seeing a lot on KS is a direct correlation of projects that feature models to display their project and projects not getting funded. It's weird but almost infallible... Fingers crossed because this looks great! I'm confident you guys will succeed - seems like a great product! Even I wanted a 5000 mah battery Thanks for your reply Any chance to increase battery to 5000 mah? Have you looked into the exchangeable plates for different pin designs in different countries? The best known ones are probably the ones Apple use but they are quite bulky, I have seen BlackBerry and others use very slim ones on their chargers. I am guessing the adapter is fixed and a converter will be needed for those of us outside US?