I didnt receive it yet ㅠㅜ Arrived today downUnder. Everything looks intact, although the outside box looks like its been in the wars a bit. Looks like my weekend's planned now. Thanks, Diego! hi Diego, can you let me know about mine? thanks Got my Bukobot yesterday, payed a hefty Import duty Fee, $200. But I was pretty happy anyway :P So far, so good, even with the lack of assembly docs it's pretty straightforward, might be because we are two enigineers (machine & computer) that is doing the assembly. Only one problem so far, I was missing a distance (the round plexi one for the Y ends) But since it was a non critical part it was easy to replace :P Lost Values: If you just got your package I think you might already have the newer extruder Hi, where do I sign up to update my extruder? (I have a dual head) also would like to use the opportunity to have a nylon one. Thanks! PS the heated bed arrived with the glass broken, still works but I could consider an exchange too and make the most of the international shipment. PS Love my Bukobot! and my latest project has been shortlisted for an award, I would not have made all the prototyping tests without it. THANK YOU! Diego, hi ...!! I do agree that u should give us some update about what's going on? We have been waiting too long for our printer already ...!! And now even no update at all for more than 2 months .... !! So when will the printer really to ship ?? I am waiting for the BUKO 8 DUO KIT (International) Diego, please, are the technical things already resolved?. I think you should give us an update at least once a week, this is getting too long thanks at this point i already bought and went through 4 other printers.. and the bukobot was the first one i "bought" which is still not here.. i sent you a few messages, no reply.. please let me know what we can do Diego, I suppose I am one of the remaining 18 kickstarters, but don't know what you mean when you say "with some special exceptions" ! Could you clarify that? Thanks Yeah, thanks Diego, you are forgiven. ;) Sorry to hear about the quality issues :/ Maybe you could schedule half an hour each week for posting small updates in your next project to keep the frustration of your backers down? Thanks for the update Diego! It makes it a bit easier to wait ;) And the lack of informations is very frustrating, especially when yoiu have launched a new project!!!!!! On July 17 Diego wrote in an update: ---------- "If you are the small few left to get a Bukobot, I apologize for the additional delays, but you should be getting your shipment and tracking info within days". ---------- Is the Bukito project taking up most of the time, are we waiting for some parts or is it something else? I'm use to days turning into weeks, and even months, on Kickstarter timelines. But information is always nice! ;) Hi Diego with all honesty I think we have crossed all possible borders with this project. We need to receive a CLEAR statement with the promised delivery or we will have to take decisions here. Hope we do not need to get serious and we can find a way to get things delivered. Thanks. Can we have a progress report, please? I would just like to know what sort of time frame you anticipate on deliveries for outstanding pledge rewards. I just received a package purporting to be a novelty/entertainment item from Deezmaker. It better not be a bunch of DVD movies to help me wait... I'll post an update once I confirm the entire parts list. Is this up to date: <url>"He who waits for something good never waits too long." But I'm almost dying of not knowing any numbers :) I received my printer about a week ago and got it set up over the weekend. I'm very impressed with the build quality. I've avoided the preset profiles provided on the wiki however as I've found that they weren't giving me the most ideal results, but I guess a lot of 3d printing involves practice and seeing what works best. Hello Diego, I am waiting on a Duo and there is some international shipment involved. Can you give any further updates on the shipment progress since you mention about 6 days ago that it’s “almost all there”? Thanks Diego, I finally received the Duo today! So it's been 10 days since your last reply and I was just wondering where you're at with the remaining shipments Are there many left? Have you had any holdups? Can I expect it to be shipped before the end of the month? Just a little curious because it feels like the bukobots have taken a back seat while the bukito is being worked on. I have sent messages to you since 9-Apr-2013 without reply from you. I have paid for the upgrade on 9-Apr-2013. When will you send out my kit? I've lost patience ~ ~ ~ Everyone received your 3D printer? Why am I not? Ah how much longer? Just dropping in to see where you are at with shipping. Last I saw there were only a handful of people left, and I am in that handful. Cheers I'm glad to say my kit arrived today. Looking over the parts I can see that there have been major changes since the last set of instructions on the wiki. While we are waiting on the new instructions If you could post a few high resolution photos of the new model from different angles I can start working out how to get most of it together. Still nothing? You have obviously been on kickstarter recently given that you commented on your other project less the 24 hours ago. Are you just leaving all the backers that you haven't shipped anything to to rot here while move on to your next project? Any updates other than the obvious "missed another shipping date."? Good luck with the new project Diego! Nice to see you grow the "Buk*" family :) Hope it won't slow down the fulfillment for us who is still waiting for our Bukobot. I haven't worked in that area, I've just heard and witnessed stories from enough people to know it's not an isolated event. One of the most detailed "why we're late" accounts in ks history is Steve Jackson Games' OGRE Designer Edition: they posted regular updates on where exactly they were at and which bits of prototype failed which test. As a company that's been around and making games for over 30 years, with a roughly $3 million annual revenue (and the root cause of the EFF's existence), they're not newbies by any stretch of the imagination. Yet, their kickstarter for the relaunch of an already completed remake of a 1977 game (which ran concurrent to Bukobot's) is nearly a year late, much like Bukobot. I don't think the bulk of their updates are backers only, if anyone wants to catch some insight. Remember that you're not looking at a tale of gross incompetence, but at stuff that happens to everyone, all the time. It's just that most companies usually STFU about it, or just ship with the defective components, or omit them since they hadn't promised anything anyway. People around me are *really* starting to ask when I'm finally getting my 3D printer, though. @Frederick: There's truth in your comment on scaling. IMO the only people who expect something to arrive on time, are those that have never worked in a production environment with any aspect of R&D at all. Hoping mine *hasn't* been shipped, or I'll need to chase shipping to find it :) Any update? Are the new parts in? Thanks for the update, looking forward to it. I trust the whole thing with delays has been a learning experience for you, but considering projects from companies who had already shipped thousands of products managed to be equally late simply due to unexpected volume, I don't blame it so much on you as on our general inability, as humans, to scale *anything* properly. As of today it's been one year since the project was funded and still no printers for many of us. Not even a ship date other than the vague "soon" with no details that we've been hearing since November 2012. Given that Diego seems incapable of keeping any of his vague shipping promises I think we are owed some concrete numbers. How many kits are left to be shipped? What parts are holding up shipping? This project is ridiculously late even for A Kickstarter project. Although the last update from Diego was on the 20th of April (approx 2 weeks), I agree with Michel and Brian on the updates. It would be nice to get some sort of shipping update for those who are still patiently waiting, especially since we're soon hitting the 1st year anniversary of the bukobot inception. So did anything get shipped last week? Any info for those of us who are not waiting for the new upgrades? Are you still waiting on parts? If so what parts? In less than a month It will have been a year since this project got funded. I've already had to order some stuff from shapeways that I was planing on printing myself. Diego, could you give an update on the shipping of the modified (nozzle mods, etc.) DuoBots? We did accept the delay however it would be good to maintain some kind of, at least monthly, communication with people still waiting their shipment. Thanks Hey Diego, when is the next batch going to be shipped? Received my survey a few weeks ago and curious when they will be processed. Anxiously awaiting my bukobot - thanks general comments; after printing several "perfect models" i shifted to new plastic rolls. and everything ramped down from there. the PLA selected and sent with the printer is very good quality. if u want consistent output pay more and ensure u use the same or similar quality material. Diego, Any chance of knowing when the next batch is going to be shipped out? the printer is assembled. it is outstanding. to all people who are still waiting, don't worry, its worth the waiting, and u will not be disappointed. to Diego: the amount of work, design, enhancement, and commitment is amazing, thank u very much. i have printed the first model right away. anyone else have a power supply issue? I got right amount juice going in but nothing coming to the controller card according to voltmeter. Hey Diego, how about another update. I stil haven't received my survey asking for my address info. Do you have any idea or speculation when my bukobot will be ready to ship? received mine yesterday, paid 50$ custom. no comments on the printer (normal printer) no damage at all (visually) (thank u for the packaging), on to assembly., i am thrilled. Dear Diego, after investigating the damages on the PS we think you should switch the vendor it has a really bad quality... many of the solder points are cold ... Cheers Dag Bukobot arrived & out of custom Dear Diego, today i got the letter from the custom so was able to fetch the kit. It all went good.. did you attached the invoice on the outside?? The custom has opend the kit an i found the invoice inside. How many copies did you have attached it should be more then one better 3 because now i did not have an Invoice any more because the custom will keep one copy.... The shipment arrived in a good state only the powersupply got a big hit ... the big coil and on elko where partly ripped from the board we hope we can fix it. In other case we can get a similar PS here no problem. The mainscable is not usable here so i think you don't have to ship one out.... we have the weekend to assemble all the stuff we will keep you updated cheers dag P.S. for all other bakers -> i have paid the VAT and additional about 2% customfee, the girl at the custom office treated it like a normal printer... Thanks for the update Diego. We really do appreciate all the hard work you are putting into this even though some of us (that includes me) have complained in the past, its only because this is a kick ass product, and I cannot wait to get my hands on it. Diego, thank you for all the efforts i received my shipping email. i hope that i would be receiving the unit soon. i have a comment on the your online shop. for international buyers, the online shop is very critical and important, i understand, from your recent update, the abnormal pressure on you, however, i hope that in the near future the online shop would be enhanced, (and include the goodies you mentioned in the last update). Dear Diegeo, the bukobot arrived at the entrance custom service... i hope to get it at end of foloowing week cheers Dag What's the "cool improvements"? I also hope that this next batch includes my Bukobot Duo Kit as well! We're looking forward to it!!! Diego, I hope the next batch you are mentioning includes my Buko Duo Kit also! Thanks for the Feb 4 update. Cool new improvements like what? I was lucky enough to get a Bukobot around Xmas but of course when I hear "cool new improvements" I'm interested. thanks for the info. Very good information (and belated condolences to hear about the little setbacks). Gives a good sense of the scale, which is loads easier to wait through. Thanks! Thanks Diego. It is much clear now :) Now I really wish I was a baker... I'm with abduljalil - everything's fine. i am sure that Diego would respond soon, however IMO we R in a very good situation: - printers delivered to some bakers - printer is superior to what was offered originally - supported by open community, and a SHOP - it is just a matter of time for all of us to start 3D printing i would give him the benefit of doubt regards Me too, it is not bash Diego, but i think the bakers should get a real update how fare the progress is. So please Diego give us a sign and tell what is planed and how fare you got with the shipping and what are the problems. cheers Dag I am a bit scared at the moment... November 12th Diego mentioned he had shipped 20 bukobots. December 8th Diego mentioned he had shipped 50 bokobots. Thats around 30 bukobots per month while there is only 130 bukobots to be built and shipped. If we keep the rate of 30 bukobots per months... January 8th 80 bukobots shipped (guessed). February 8th -> 110 bukobots shipped. (guessed). I wonder, if the shipping will be completed by end of february or if there is something wrong. Maybe the international shipping is more expensive than previously expected thus delaying it to find a better deal? If thats the case I dont mind exploring options to even pay a little more if needed. I was planning to use the bukobot for a project in December (from August) I though there was going to be enough marging but things are becoming a bit weird at the moment to the point to even have to start evaluating the posibility of getting another 3d printer. I guess, in my case having information about what is going on could really help to decide what to do in the next days/weeks... Better still, throw us a bukobot so we get cracking! Hey Diego, how about an update? Its going on 5 months after the due date for the rewards. We all want a quality product but at this point we just need update letting us know what's the progress is. Estimated delivery dates for the different reward levels, shipping progress, estimated completion, etc... are we talking next September or what? Throw us a bone and tell us what's going on I have just moved in to the house that I bought for my 3D printer. Now I just need my Bukobot :-) Dear Diego, hope your father recovers well. regarding the international customs, I will give you my experience with customs clearance in India. 1. Any new description outside the realm of the Customs Tariffs Book which contains the Description of items and the related Customs Duty Percentage, will give a major problem during clearance. It is best to go through the tariff book and see what is the closest description available. So if you are shipping the entire machine assembled maybe u might wanna check out HS Code 8471 (847190, 847192 to be more specific) <url>"So far we've shipped X of the 290, and should be shipping out X more this week" it'd take a lot of peoples frustration away. I guess if all the worries are related about the integrity of the parcel (ie. the kit is not damaged) thats a perfectly fine topic and I dont really have any experience I can help with it. However, if the only problems people are having is getting custom clearance I would say there is not much you can do but to say the truth. "Unasembled (Educational?" 3d printer kit". There should not be any problem at all as for example here in Spain we can fill electronically our custom dispatch order... If customs are the only issue would it be possible to ship mine and let me handle it? I have plenty of experience getting custom clearance so it should not be an issue for me... @Diego Thanks for the clarification. May I throw in my 2 cents worth by suggesting that you mark the box as "Unassembled Educational Printer Kit" ? (which is not far from the truth anyway!) I called Canadian customs to check if there was anything I could do to ease the process of receiving a box of mysterious electronics, packed alongside random-looking pieces of aluminium and plastic, marked as a mythical "3D Printer". They said that there shouldn't be any trouble so long as it's marked correctly. It comes to mind that writing "unassembled 3D printer", or being even more precise (Unassembled thermoplastic extrusion additive manufacturing 3D printer?) might at least make sure they can look it up. Ever thought of enclosing a standard letter addressed to the customs official opening the box, which explains what it is? Is that too weird? It's not just international. Personally, I can wait, but I need to know I'm waiting. A year late? For a startup that got overwhelmed by orders and needs to make things by hand, fine. I totally get that. Even big manufacturers mess up on estimates and supply lines with more money at stake all the time. Weeks between updates without any idea of the progression, though, other than "things are happening," does worry me a bit. Even an estimate of how many still need to be shipped from time to time would be great. From the MAKE website : "..So far we’ve gotten many orders from Pasadena Art Center, Caltech students, the local school district, folks working in Hollywood films, local engineers, and hobbyist..." <url>~3"x3", on a corner of the box, suffered during shipping, i got my v8 yesterday. all parts appear to have made it intact...but, i won't know for sure till i assemble it this weekend (santa's bringing me some new tools this week, too). thanks again for the last minute address change, diego! I agree with Dag. An update would be nice for us international backers who are patiently waiting. Dear Diego, i have a christmas wish, which only you can fullfil: Please make a Big update on the shipping progress and a forecast for all which did not get up to now the printer. Cheers Dag and have a merry christmas Hey Diego, could you send an update for those of us who are still waiting. I haven't received a address survey or anything yet. Anxiously awaiting, thanks Finished my Bukobot, prints out several items. Need to level my heated bed a little more and tweak my z axis microswitch. Fun to put together, should have read all the instructions once over again before I started, had to take the frame apart like 3 times because I rushed it. :) My Bukobot Vanilla Kit arrived!!! Sweet. Nicely packed. I think it could have been dropped off a truck and been OK. One question: Instructions??? I am a complete novice - meaning NO NADA NONE experience with 3D printers. I went to the wiki and there are no official instructions/documentation. I looked at the user posted one but that a Duo, it also appears from the comments parts have changed and there are references to parts of the build missing. So I have this box of awesome parts to a cool $1000 3D printer but.... When exactly are detailed instructions going to be supplied? Since my Bukobot has not shipped, as I have not received any email on shipment yet. Is it still possible to upgrade to a Duo? Thanks. he deserves all the credit. if sooner it would be better. Diego, i hope you recovered well Give Diego some credits. There's a lot to do for him. It's also a very busy month for all the packages to send because of the holidays. When i receive it next year then it will be so. Be honest, do you want to spent the whole christmas week to build your bukobot. What about your family, doing some nice things with them!! Yes, I would love to know when approximatelly the ship to international backers will be done. As it takes like a week in order to get custom clearance, if it is not shipped next week probably we wont get it... same as what Dag has asked :) Dear Diego, sorry for that that you went sick. But it is possible to get a more clear plan when do you think to ship the international backers i hopped to get the kit before the holidays so i can start over the holydays to assemble the printer. so may be you can tell the international backers the timeline for them. thanks a lot dag Hey Diego I filled out my survey on 10/19/12, but haven't heard anything since. Wanted to make sure I didn't get missed somewhere along the line. Thanks Trevor Dear Diego, if you send with US Postals i have the experience that it could last up to one week to get the shipment out of custom clearance. so it would be great if you can start with the international backers soon otherwise we get the printer kits next year.... It is also possible to tell us a mark how many kits are allready shipped what is the weekly rate you get out.. so we can see the progress Thanks a lot Dag the key word is Christmas. many shippers declined (politely) to deliver internationally for items i requested last week. i hope that you can pull the packages through. regards An indication would be nice. I agree with Dag. An indication of when shipping to international backers might begin would be nice. At least it will give us some tentative date to look forward to. Dear Diego, any idea when starting shipping to the international backers ? A shipping progress indicator would be great. It would be great to have the kit before christmas so i can do something on my free days cheers Dag :-) I recieved my Duo kit Tuesday evening; took Thursday and Friday off to build; I'm like a little (nerdy) kid at Christmas putting together an erector set! I suggest that everyone follow the suggestion to read the instructions now, especially to gather together tools. Diego included allen keys, but "fancy" allen drivers as mentioned in the instructions are recommended. I was deliberate and careful, and I completed the physical build in one day. Please be patient and stay excited because you will be thrilled when your kit arrives! Awesome job, Diego! Hey Diego, I'm getting the Bukito - when can I expect to get the mailing survey? About how far are you into the shipping process? Thanks My Duo kit arrived tonight ^.^ That should say 'I got an e-mail asking for ADDRESS confirmation' (about a week ago)... I got a mail asking for e-mail confirmation. Then I got a shipping confirmation number last night (actual ship date was the 22nd), and then my bukobot arrived today. So Diego is definitely shipping stuff out, but maybe not keeping up with all the email. Given how many pieces are in the box, and how careful he needs to be to make sure everything is included, I can understand why it is slow going getting them all shipped. And I definitely recommend reading jit's build instructions (on bukobot.com) even before you have your kit. The build has a lot of steps, and it's useful to have pre-read everything so you know how the various parts will fit together as you go. PhracturedBlue, did u receive an email confirming shipment before, or the package popped in with out pre-emails? regards Mine just arrived. WooHoo! Looking forward to putting it together! Diego, Sent you a reply email to your request via my gmail address. Did you get it? Have sent several emails to you but not sure you are getting them. Everything OK? Diego, can you lower the value of the 3d printer on the package. I'm very concerned about tax paying (20%) to the Netherlands Diego, what are you going to write on the package for amount. Electronic components or what. I hope not to pay 20% tax. Diego, how hard is it for a novice to upgrade to the X3 if mine comes with an X1. is it worth it, what extra capability comes with the X3 vs the X1? Which Azteeg_X version will we get with the vanilla Bukobots? Diego, you mentioned" a big batch is going out this week"... How many are in that batch, and did they make it out? How long until the next batch is sent? Thanks and good work on the build platform! I got my issue of "Make: Ultimate Guide to 3D Printing" in the mail today. There's a nice write-up of the Bukobot 8 (single extruder) in there which scored quite well across the board. A snippet from the conclusion: "It's an attractive, design-forward printer with a lot of well-thought-out features that should attract a broader audience to the RepRap movement." Really looking forward to trying it out. shipping update on the big shipment that went out this week? No content yet, just the framework. At the bottom is a user contribution that has information. @Tyson. thanks for digging this up. Not sure if its my browser/plug-in or not but there's no content in the instructions. Just comes up blank. Did you guys show content when you clicked? My guess is the build instructions will be found at: <url>à 3D printer but looks very "next generation". <url>" PLA is actually harder than ABS, which makes it ideal for mechanical applications than need a little more strength." Hi Diego, In regards to the fillament selection, I am new to 3D printing, so I wanted to know which fillament do you recommend the most between PLA and ABS? If you have a good wiki site or any other info, I will really appreciate it. Obviously there are still some parts that are holding things up. If these parts happen to be extruder parts, then consider this: I ordered a Duo kit, and should get two extruders. But I don't need two extruders right away. It will probably take me a while just to figure out how to properly use ONE extruder. I would be quite happy to take delivery of one extruder sooner, and one later. Extruder parts are small and easy to ship, so you could ship the parts for my second extruder AFTER you have finished shipping the bulk of the kits to all the backers. I suspect a lot of the other backers would agree with me on this, if it results in all the kits being shipped sooner. Hey, a week ago you said you'd post stuff to the deezmaker site in a few days.. Can you post the link? How's the supply chain going? Vendors finally come thru for you? @Diego, being an international backer here and as you were talking about best shipping methods I would strongly encourage to use USPS (United States Postal Service. I would prefer to avoid any company like Fedex or UPS as they will make you pay a lot more once you get the parcel... @Diego, have you had a chance to compile the list of additional parts all of the Plastics Only backers will need in order to construct a Bukobot? I'd like to start ordering anything I'll need if possible to get my Bukobot up and running as quick as possible. Also, will the Plastics Only kits be sent out before or after the full kits are made? Thanks. Would it be possible to ship it to India earlier as it takes around a week to get the material out of customs here. In India we usually consider a week (it can get released sooner but a safer estimate would be 5 working days if all the paperwork is correct and it doesnt go for scrutiny. ) Plus, it would be great if you can tell me under what HS code (Harmonized system Code) you are able to export the 3D printer. Since my 3D printer would be in knockdown condition, would you be invoicing it as a 3D printer or as a parts list (like Aluminium profile 40x80 - 600mm - 4 nos. , HSC Screws 50 nos, etc as they would all have separate HS Codes) . Thanks for the update Diego. I am Chirag from Mumbai, India. Please let me know by when you will be shipping out the kits to international backers. I have backed for a Buko 8DUO. Would that be shipped later than the other kits? Did you see cool stuff at Maker Faire? Any new ideas for the next iteration or current iteration of the Bukobot? And....did your suppliers come thru for you (us)? Diego, Any chance of an update on whether the controller boards, heat beds, linear rods etc have arrived ? When will drawings and material lists be available for those of us who ordered plastics only kits? I have ordered and received several components, but I need the BoM to get everything ready. I would like to start building my unit as soon as the plastic kit arrives. How's it going? Those pesky part suppliers finally deliver for you? Hi Mike, If you plug your printer and computer into the same mains supply phase then you shouldn't get ground loop currents occurring - so for most users I would have thought that an opto-isolator is unnecessary. You might want a USB opto-isolator between your laptop/desktop and printer. I agree with Mark Pavia if you can provide some insight on what we need in terms of hardware (laptop? specs?) and software, as well as the assembly instructions, tools list, etc plus maybe what other stuff we need to get started.. we can do the leg work now while we wait thank u for the update, i am within my range of expectation so far. well done on the current milestones PDF and software, pls thanks for the update. bummer on the slow parts part. To tide us over, can you post the kit assembly instructions in pdf so we can drool over it for while? Also would love a bit more detail on software suggestions. Diego...this question came up once before and I backed this project because of the potential. Will the Bukobot work with File2Part? Its a software project here on Kickstarter to make 3D printing easier Hey, Diego - couple questions: 1 - On April 30th, you mentioned that each kit would include about a pound of filament... What color(s) will you be making available? And, 2 - On May 23rd, you mentioned that local pickups would probably get a bonus... Would some more filament be part of that potential bonus ;) Hi Diego, ten days had past since the last update and at that time it seemed that most parts would arrive within a week. Is there any update related to it? Any expected time frame to start shipping the printers? Hi Diego, I was just wondering whether you are planning to host a Bukobot wiki and forum area on your Deezmaker site? I visit Pasadena twice a year.. I hope that next time I am in town your shop is up and running If you visit NYC, you think you will have the kits done by then? If you need help around the shop please let me know if i can help build shelves or move boxes for the retail space. I have free time before school starts back up again. I look forward to meeting you and working on my BukoBOT! =D great update! Hi Diego, I am pretty sure there are many countries (probably most countries even) where this would not pass electrical safety laws. I think you should seek out advice on this or include a childproof cover over the mains terminals as standard. I noticed in the picture that the power supply seems to use lug connections for the mains cable rather than (say) a safe IEC socket. Is there any possibility that small fingers might be able to make contact with exposed mains terminals on the supply? (for those of us with children). [If so, I'm hoping a power supply cover is being planned for the final unit] Great, great update Diego. So it seems the shipping window is Mid- Sept thru early Oct? Also one thing I've been meaning to ask about for a while now: this 3D Printer looks more finished and designed better than all the other in its class. Those all look "homemade" vs the Bukobot. With the exception of 1 tiny thing. The use of small Binder clips on the plate. Its the one thing that jumps out as "homemade" vs the whole rest of the machine. Any plans to use a different holding mechanism? I live in Orange County California so driving up to Pasadena, California to pick up my Bukobot Vanilla 8 with X3 would be fun! I meant Engagement Ring lol I'm not that Cheap haha For the wedding ring I'm going to make a reverse mold in 3D to make a metal mold for it. Muahahaha Anyone see File2Part Software on KickStarter? I think it will work with BokuBot. I Can't wait to 3D print my Girlfriend a wedding ring but as they say "The best things in life are worth waiting for". I also agree with the sentiment that there could be more updates, even if brief and not polished in their presentation. Many back these projects because they want to be part of something, not just wait for a product. They like the follow the ups and downs of the progress. HOWEVER, I also know that we will all benefit from the PR that Diego is doing. It is not only important for him, it is important for us. The more people that choose this platform, the more collective knowledge and support there will be. My biggest fear was to buy into a dead end platform, and the way things are going I don't worry about that anymore. We are annoyed in case you can't tell. Comes off like you have forgotten about us. Echo Echo.. Your project was one of the first I backed and at the high end of the price range.. a nice update with pictures and tutorials on what we need in terms of tools, software, etc.. so we can do that leg work now.. like how much of a work surface we need to dedicated, what kind of raw materials we can get.. will you be sourcing and running some sort of groupbuy to lower cost, etc Second all of what Mark has said. A real update would be nice instead of having you tell us all of the fun ideas you've been toying with for the bukobot, you know, that thing we'd like to get our hands on so we can have some fun too? Update? Time range - days, weeks, months? Pics? Production schedule? (one project I'm backing sent an excel sheet outlining the steps - really helpful.) Crazy stories related to parts/manufacturing/production/dog eating all the wiring? Prefer to hear less about press you are getting and more specific detail about progress on actually making the product. Glad you are getting press. Echo the pics request. I back a number of projects and pics and behind the scenes vids put a nice band-iad on the wait. Here's another idea: allow backers to download the kit assembly instruction PDF now. We'll drool over it for the next few weeks buying you time. Provide a more in-depth PDF for the beginners how software to learn now. When I search for 3D printer software I get lots of options but which ones will work best with the Buko? I've learned that not only do I need design software but also something to convert the design files into files the Buko can use to print. I'm new to this but excited. A little more step by step instruction if the form a of a simple one sheeter. Give us something. Thanks for masking a great product. I too would like to see some pictures of how things are progressing with the Bukobots I ordered a Buko 8 Duo Kit and have been looking forward to receiving your printer. Congratulations on making it into MAKE Magazine. Brian. Hi Diego, I would really love to see some behind the scenes photos of your workshop with the parts for nearly 150 Bukobot kits or pictures of buckets of drive motors or your family of printers making parts for the kits. If not an update then you could put some photos up on Google+ Robert. Yeah that's the problem isn't it. It only takes one missing 50cent component out of the entire bot to delay the whole thing. Well that's a good update in itself :-) I saw on buildlog.net that Roy of Panucatt Device announced a slight delay on the new Azteeg X3 controller boards due to a manufacturing delay (but only for the end of August instead of 2nd half of August). Not much you can do about stuff like that. I'd be happy for an update on what you had for lunch Diego. :-) @Jordi : My apologies, I did not realize you selected the Assembled version. Please disregard the first half of my comment @Jordi: If you look on the right hand side where the pledges are, you will see the pledges that have international shipping combined Pledge $1,455 or more ... BUKO 8 VANILLA KIT (International) .... International shipping included. The question is ...what pledge did you select? With regards to shipping, Diego said in Project Update #15 : "..We are working hard to get everything on time, and to be honest with everyone, there might be a small chance that shipping of the Bukobot kits may crawl into September, but I'm trying my best to avoid that..." When I orderred it was mentioned that shipping was end of August. So far I don't recall seeing any comments on when is this going to happen. Can you please share a plan on how are things moving with regards to shipping?. I ordered BUKO 8 DUO KIT Assembled. Can you please let me know how to fund the international shipping and it's cost?. I missed it in case it was already published. Thanks. any update on shipping time range? Curiosity. Ok I'm curious. the upgrade kit idea would be great.. i also have only went with the vanilla kit and would think about going DUO.. Diego.. there was some special requests on my order, do i have to send you a reminder about those? very nice update, i wouldn't mind waiting little bit more for such an upgrade thank u Have you finalised the set of tools we a) need to build, calibrate and operate the printer and b) tools which are not necessary but can be useful. [e.g., painter's palette knife, plastic tweezers, feeler gauge?, model clean up tools?]. That way people can get them together while waiting for the Bot to arrive. Hi Diego, just wondering if you've already sent out the delivery details survey (and it was lost in my Spam folder or something) or whether that's still to come? Thanks for the quick replay. I will look forward for this upgrade kits. Hey Diego, I am a backer of the Vanilla Kit but I was just wondering if I should have just went for the DUO KIT. Is it still possible to upgrade the pledge to the International duo kit? Hey Diego, I love the new updates to the design, I am a little curious however. Let's say down the track, my friend would like a bukobot and I offer to print him all the parts he'll need, but I don't have access to a water jet cutter. Will the older designs without the metal plates be available still? Now that is an *update* :) Hey Diego, looking forward to your next update. I was wondering if you could include some info about the X3 you mentioned for the +$50 which I did ... but not sure if you wanted extra confirmation. We are already producing designs at my place so looking forward to the delivery of the bukito 5 :) Great, just send me a message on kickstarter i'd love to work with the master =) Hi. is this project still on schedule to ship in August? Beginning, Mid or End of August? While I think its great that the Bukobot is getting press and exposure, I'm more interested in how the project is progressing. Some projects give really useful updates however small to backers on a regular basis. Makes you feel like you did not send your money to a black hole. Others not so much. Hi Diego, How is it coming along? Do you thing it is still on schedule? I am also just starting to get involve with 3D printing any suggestions on where to get going so that when I get the Bukobot, I can get started right away? thank u for the update dear Diego any photos on parts received? Hey Diego, hoping to see how you build these things and wondering if you need help with assembly or maybe an intern for the summer. I really want to be involved as much as I can. In the pasadena area so i'd love to be there to see how to put it all together. Hello Diego, i rather have à well prepared printer then to get à printer which is not fully engineerd and tested. So, take your time and don't let you speed up to get your deadline. I rather will wait à month later for à perfect printer. I think everyone would agree to this. me (and my son), have already done many sketch up models to be printed. i hope it will reach before end of summer vacation. Ok, good to hear that you are still aiming for a (late) August shipping date :) Looking forward to receiving my Bukobot! Are we still on for a August or September delivery date (depending on kit) or will the 400% overfunding shift that somewhat? Any ways - a good problem to have :) Hi Diego, are you intending to ship out all the Kickstarter orders before the units that you sell on your upcoming online store? I ask this because I was browsing over at the Printrbot forums and there seems to be _a lot_ of angry people on that project that online store orders are being shipped out before the Kickstarter orders. this looks good companion for bukbot <url>à long hot summer haha!! Wow! Congratulations Diego! - What an amazing result for Bukobot. People clearly love the idea of their own 3D printing. :)) Hey i live in Pasadena,ca also! like your profile says Whats up! i'm excited about the printer you think i could come by and see the printers maybe pick mine up locally? Lemme know =D @Frans: That might help with tax, but it could backfire if Diego was subsidizing your shipping in the first place. Either way, check with the laws of your country - google it on the government's web page) - as a $1k item may get fully taxed no matter what you do. Personally, I figured I just wanted to maximize the chance that the thing gets here safe and sound. I can save shipping/duty on everything else that I import... Just get up here in the netherlands. First thing for me todo, check kickstarter about the Buko. Diego, we are very happy with you. We all will get an great printer. Diego, congratulation. my deep sentiments. you worked hard and u deserve it. Dzym: The power supply will be both 110V & 220V compatible. Frans: Repetier-Host, Slic3r etc works on Mac so you are good to go :) I did count the international shipping orders and there are about 40 backers for this. I don't wanna pay more tax and import duties then neccesary. What is the cheapist way for this. U also have family living in the States. Could it be cheaper to send it first to my family, and then send it to me as à gift? Or is this illegal. My last question, i have only Mac computers. Is all the used software also in mac osx. A lot of questions to answer Diego. Will there be some benefits, extra features on the printer because your goal is triple now. Hi Diego, do you know if the power supply will be 220 v compatible? i'm so pumped for my buko bot!!!! DUO! @fusionfrog Woah! That's ace! Maybe another application for 3D printing could be creating elaborate sugarcraft sculptures for the baking industry with the right supplies? :D Congratulations Diego! Have you ever tried printing a circuit? <url>"not assembled" would only help me to clarify to inspectors why it looks strange (because they doubt shipments with wires, bars and controllers), other people may argue but this is my personal experience. free gifted items may be discounted. if i can prove that no amount was paid (after all, i am a backer not a buyer), there is a chance for discount or waiver. however, i have no idea about Netherlands process Way to go Diego! You're nearing in on triple your base goal. I saw somewhere that someone asked about colors for the plastic parts kits. If this is something you're thinking about, I'd be willing to back another 10-15 or so to get to pick a color for my plastic parts. Hi Diego, can you tell what exactly to build with a kit. Do you have to assemble the electronics, put the hotend together and so on..... @abduljalil Is it cheaper for tax to say 3d printer parts not assembled. I want the cheapest way to send the package to the Netherlands without paying a lot of taxes. Frans, these were suggestions on shipping outside US: -tax percentage on items depends on their prices (exemption applies to some categories) -parts can be difficult to enter without clear indication on related devices. 50$ was added for x3 controller instead of x1 also: do u have a hexacopter? :-) @abduljalil I don't have à clue about what are you saying about shipping?? congratulation on the good news. 50$ added. i would recommend ;for international shipping the following to be written: reward with a value of (xxx). as rewards has diff. % (country related) and also to mentioned clearly: 3d printer parts (not assembled) Yep it was Chirag that pushed it over the 100k. All the best ! :) Woohoo! 100k and climbing. That was the autocorrect, btw. (curses) Frans: Ship it to a friend in the US and go pick it up next time you go. A vanilla might not even be exempt, with it's high price tag. Other than that, short of fraud, there is very little you can do, in general. Do try a quick web search to find out if your country has interesting exceptions, however. Mayura: All Buko machines are basically the same design with parts added - and sometimes shorter or longer rods - leading to straightforward upgrades. The Bukito's design is different enough that while you may be able to cannibalize parts into a later printer, you probably wouldn't get much more of a jump start than if you were building, say, a Prusa Mendel. That said, I have no more information about the Bukito than you have - this is mostly conjecture and reading between the lines. Chris: 25mm *is* one inch, basically, in metric. It's not close enough for NASA work, but it's within 1.6%. It's a testament to the precision of 3D printers that it even makes a difference. Anyone experience with ordering from the USA about taxes and import duties. I'm à little bit concerned about the extra costs on my bukobot vanilla. Diego, do you have tips about this to import the printer as cheap as possible. Wow! what fantastic progress - Double the goal target! Bukobots go GO! :D Nice printer, good use of the aluminum extrusion. I thought i would ask here, in case Diego doesn't get back to me via email. Does anyone know the difference between the Buktio and the bukobot mini green, outside the build space. Are there any physical differences which cause one to be upgradable, and the other not. Good luck at the Maker Faire today Diego! Hi Diego, a similar question is whether we can pledge an extra amount to get a dual extruder capable power supply for the single extruder models? Hi Diego, is it possible to have an Azteeg X3 directly on my bukobot Vanilla for some extra costs. This to prevent à useless X1 board after i upgrade to à dual extruder. Hey, I am super excited about this project! The expandable frame looks really exciting. What size are the aluminum extrusions you are using, 1"? Also, how are you crimping the synchromesh cable? Is there a lug that passes over the drive pulley or does the cable clamp to itself? Can't wait to get a hold of one of these guys! @Robert Fairlie-Cuninghame In Holland we say, you slam the nail on the head. That's what i mean to tell. You can then prevent some extra costs. Diego, is this possible?? The difference is that the Azteeg X1 is an all-in-one Sanguinololu-based controller board with 4 stepper drivers (X,Y,Z + 1 extruder) whilst the Azteeg X3 is an all-in-one Arduino RAMPS based controller board with 5 stepper drivers (X,Y,Z + 2 extruders). I suggested that quite a few people (interested in later upgrading their Buko to dual extruders) would probably be interested in pledging some extra dollars to get an X3 board on their single extruder Bukos just so that they don't need to replace it or trade-it-in later. love the project! I don't have the kind of free coin to be able to buy one, but kicked in a little money anyway because: it's first 3d printer I've seen to think about using environmentally friendlier materials, very affordable start level (even if not for me), and the design pattern of letting the machine be upgradeable and grow over time. Hi Diego, Do you know if there are any plastics we can use to print transparent objects that are not that opaque? I saw your video about the Bukobot Fly and it seemed that PLA could be quite transparent when printed thinly. Is there maybe such a thing as Acrylic Filament that might be more transparent? Any help or links to sources of info would be great. Thanks. Hello Diego, you said the Duo has a bigger controller board. What do you mean. So if i want later upgrade to a dual extruder i need also a new controller board? Then why not directly put a bigger controller board in the upgradeable BUKO 8 series. Also what is the difference between the X1 and X3 controller board. Why not go for the X3 on all printers? Just a question, probably you have your reasons. Diego, apologies, i missed it out of excitement. :-), i did not see any proximate time frame for delivery, after the project funding. any information on possible dates for shipping? Hi Diego, is it possible to add a sort of parts list from all the models you are offering. I'm especially interested in the differences between the single and dual extruder models. Everything in a table would be nice. Hi Diego, nice printed part photos. That really helps confirm your claims about Buko quality and design. The Repetier-Host software is great for one extruder (being very straight-forward to use and configure and using the better Slic3r program), however it seems that the ReplicatorG host software currently has better dual extruder support (until Repetier-Host does another release anyway). I am guessing this is because Makerbot have put in some dedicated effort in the ReplicatorG software for their new flagship dual extruder Makerbot Replicator model. Th ReplciatorG software has been used by others with the Marlin firmware and so all we should need to do is to write a ReplicatorG machine configuration file for the Bukobot range (and that doesn't look very difficult). What was your plan for hosting Bukobot forums & wiki so that we can share created content and designs with other Bukors? Google groups? Yahoo groups? Or are you going to host something yourself? I think from what Diego was saying a day ago, if you want to start small but are looking to later upgrade/expand then you are better going with a small Buko model (e.g., Buko Mini Green) rather than a Bukito model. Diego seemed to indicate that this Bukito is not intended to be expandable to a full Buko. Hey y'all! I'm an utter and complete newbie when it comes to 3D printing, but I want to give it a try so I'm looking for an affordable printer to cut my teeth on. I like the look of the Bukito 5, but if I want to upgrade/expand, will I need to find a whole new set of parts? Also, I'm behind the "include some filament" idea, it'll save me some more shipping costs (alas, from Toronto). Cheers! Thanks Frederik, appreciate the info. Diego is there any chance we can see some hi-res shots of the smaller prints? Is "BUKO 8 PLASTICS ONLY " means that there will be no metal parts? Frans: That's the great part that's taking some time to sink in - if there isn't, you can just design and print one! My girlfriend got some M&D dollhouse furniture last night and was saying over dinner that it lacked a chair for the makeup table, asking me to make her one: "Maybe cardboard, or... we could try wood?" Then I waved my hand in front of her eyes and she lit up "Yeah.... oooh yeeaah!" Hai Diego, Thanks for your answers. You are correct for there open design of the 3D printer. But i hope that you have a nice solution to all of the wires and cables on the 3D printer to fasten them. Like an Cable Binder or Cable Eater. It looks so messy when all of the cables are loose. First things first: Congratulations!! I'm really excited that this is actually happening, and have started telling people around me that I am, in fact, getting a 3D printer (rather than shopping for one). Frans: All models can be upgraded to all other models, in the sense that you can print the parts as needed. My first "copy" is likely to be a Mendel. Specifically, though, all Bukobots are basically the same machine: you might need some longer rods, and you'll obviously need to provide any additional extruder, but the upgrade path is straightforward. Now, if the question is "Will the Buko 8 Mini fit dual extruders at its current size?", Diego will need to take it - I have no idea, though I suspect the negative. I don't understand your second question. I'm pretty sure only Diego could answer it anyway, but you might get a faster answer if he understands it on the first try. Then again, maybe it's really quite clear and I'm just bad at reading. Discalimer: I have no insight or connection into Bukobot. I'm just someone who started asking questions very early in the project, and I'm now trying to help others who share my enthusiasm. $42K reached! - Well done! I hope people continue to pledge and support! :)) Good job all! Hello Diego, 1. When i buy the BUKO 8 GREEN KIT, i have already a heated printbed and 5/12V/25A power supply from my prusa, do i have then the same as an BUKO 8 Vanilla kit. Can i upgrade the BUKO 8 Green Kit to dual extruder? 2. I like your 3D printer for technical reasons. For design i like more the sumpod aluminum. I don't like the "open design" for most of the 3D printers. Do you have something in mine for your printers. 3. Which models cab be upgraded to dual extruder. That's not clear to me. I ordered the BUKO MINI GREEN KIT. Is this upgradeable? Which models cab be upgraded to dual extruder. That's not clear to me. I ordered the BUKO MINI GREEN KIT. Is this upgradeable? @Robert The reprap site is also referring to abs plastic, not pla which I imagine will differ greatly. Some one suggested a slightly weaker solvent such as IPS Weld-on 4 here: <url>#msg-127639 Robert: It's been to hesitant so far to say it was headed that way, but the stability of being funded might help some people decide to take the plunge, and Diego's new (and upcoming) info is making everything more encouraging. Matt: sounds good, but try asking Diego for some print tests - find an STL model that makes sense with for you want and bribe him to print it at the proper scale. It seems enough people are into miniatures that it would be worth posting pictures of what *is* feasible. Furniture and lamp posts certainly seem easier than human characters, at any rate. Sans: From what I understand, wiping the finished model with acetone (which basically melts the plastic) will create a smooth finish. Take all my answers with a solid helping of salt : I've never touched a 3D print in my life. Probably more. I'm going out on a limb here but reckon it'll pass a 100k by the end. YES !!! Funded !! Congratulation to us :D Backed small so I could join the conversation : ) @Frederick & @Matt I think I am in the same boat as you guys - I am looking to get into 3-d printing mainly for wargaming purposes. Mostly for terrain features\trim at 28mm scale (things like doors, lamp posts, window frames, brick walls, building frameworks, stairs etc). I'm just curious about what the surface texture of a finished print is? From the pictures I've seen around the net it looks very rough/layered which would required a lot of sanding/cutting to get smooth - is this the case with Bukobot? Would love to see some of those hi-rez shots of the smaller prints as well - looking to get to the BUKO 8 DUO KIT if it will be suitable : ) @Frederick Thanks for your reply. I'll be interested in seeing what kind of detail Buko is capable of at smaller and larger sizes. <> Citadel's stuff is amazing and I doubt that I would even try to replicate that detail on so small a figure. That said, I certainly would like to be able to see fairly good detail on larger, maquette sized models (thinking 4"-8" size at the low end). For the small stuff, even heroclix style detail would pretty much fit the muster. <> So want to click that backer button again, but being patient Woohoo! Funded. @Matt: It seems you came in with the same interrogations I had two weeks ago, so I know some of the answers from private messages with Diego. It is not the printer that will make you instant 28mm figures with the level of detail found in Citadel miniatures. I had Diego print a centaur in 20mm (BattleLore scale) and it's not something you would want to field as-is at a weekly game. However, it will give you a base to work with where you were previously stuck with basically nothing. A little dremel and acetone will turn up something pretty neat - though look at the tiny furniture made by Makerbot's newer model, which is slightly inferior to Bukobot on paper. You'll be able to do some terrain features, like columns and archways and altars, though, and golems and 12cm dragons should come out alright. Decorative figurines, or 1:144 mecha should look good as well. And you can create stupid-sided dice for really unique weapons... Ask Diego if you want to see the pictures - I wouldn't share those without his blessing, as they are obviously outside the specs of the machine. But they convinced me to buy in for a Dual, if it's any indication. Backed low so I could ask a few questions. I'm a 3d modeler and the idea of 3d printing is intriguing. Bukobot may be the project that gets me into the world of Makers. <> Easy to assemble: What does that really mean? If one can put together Ikea furniture and children’s toys, does that cross the bar or does one need particular mechanical and electrical savvy? Has soldering been confirmed as unnecessary? <> What is the max level of detail Buko can achieve. From the examples shown, I'm unsure. I'd consider this a tool to create gaming miniatures or small figurines. I've seen other systems demonstrate the fidelity achievable with items like the yoda head, small madcat mech or even the church linked below. Can Buko achieve similar results. <> Thanks for your answers. Depending on what I find out will get me onboard at either the Bukito 5 or Bukito 8. Thanks! @Frederik, as described, no laser cut wood, it's all aluminum and printed parts. We got to see some of his innovations such as use of the synchromesh cable and the slippery plastic he uses for the z bearings that fits into the slots of the z-axis posts. Both appeared to work really well. The threaded-rods for the Z axis were higher quality than what's on my printrbot, and it looked like the same motors. Generally it looked good. The print quality is definitely comparable to if not better than the Cupcake we have at CrashSpace (I didn't do a direct compare). The build volume is MUCH bigger, obviously. There was a long Q&A but most of the info is already on the project home page. One cool thing I'd not seen before is that he was able to adjust the print speed in real time, while printing. This is apparently a function of Repetier-Host. He also had the dual-extruder there but it wasn't hooked-up. I know its not concluded yet but ;Congrats. Another suceesfull funding. And...? Impressions, links, comparisons, stuff?? Fyi, Diego brought a Bukobot to the local LA hacker space (CrashSpace) tonight so we could see it working. I don't have video, but a picture is here <url>"no black or red" keeps the top model exclusive, in that case. @abduljalil The 3d printer host software (Diego is recommending Repetier-Host by default) accepts STL files as input. Any 3d design/CAD package worth its hard drive space can export a 3d design in the STL format and so no further conversion is required. The host software automatically invokes a slicer program to turn the STL 3d models in low level G-CODES instructions which are understood by the 3d printer firmware - but you don't need to understand this until you want to start manually tweaking things. i am a starter in 3d printing, any advise on best software. i intend to use my cad experience to start from dwg, dxf, 3ds etc..., what should be the next level for conversion. (vanilla single extruder, international) Ahh the chaos of Thingiverse. Unfortunately there seems to be no clearly agreed Thingiverse tag for dual extrusion: <url>"DualStrusion" tag (Makerbot's trademarked name for dual extruders) which is exciting - they look great. Its amazing how good even a single extra color looks by providing the extra contrast/highlighting. I think the dual extrusion will really take off once the majority of 3d design tools support the AMF file format (so that you don't need to generate a separate STL file for each material and then have to recombine them again when generating the G-codes) and secondly when the Slic3r/Skeinforge tools are able to automatically generate support material structures using the second extruder (e.g., with PVA). I am guessing that the latter will occur before the former. Love it, backed it. Spread the word. The fuzzy math is explained in the parenthesis. But yes, I was joking. I've pledged for the Bukobot Duo. I'm interested in the dual extrusion capabilities. Considering MakerBot Replicator is the only other 3D printer out there right now that does dual extrusion at a comparable price range and the BukoBot Duo has a slightly bigger build volume, I think this is a win-win for those wanting to try out multiple materials/colors. The aluminum frame is definitely a good selling point for rigidity, speed and the aesthetics of the machine. After reading about the firmware (with look ahead) paired with it, should increase the quality and speed of prints. Since Diego already has a working prototype shown in the video, I feel very confident that I will be happy with the machine. I would like a slightly bigger build volume so any R&D in this area I think would be beneficial. I don't think this machine will be scale to extreme sizes like the Maxifab is claiming but I think being able to increase the build volume and come up with a quad-extruder(squared, not linear) add-on or model would really set the BukoBot apart from the rest of the pack. I'm a programmer, and with a little toying around I think this would be a very practical possibility. Frederik, I think your math is a little fuzzy ;) It's not a quarter of a million. Wow, that's a quarter million dollars already!! (assuming final sales end up being ten times the pre-order amount... That doesn't quite work with open hardware, does it?) Seriously, though, I was quite doubtful at first, but now I think we'll make it. This project looks awesome! The build quality look great, especially your hang glider! Looking forward to ordering one of these! We're getting a Production style 3D printer at work, and now all I want is one on my desk at home. looks like this could be the one. If a Han Solo in Carbonite figure doesn't convince the people yet to support, I don't know what will! :)) <url>"interested" but not signed up for a kit yet. I guess Diego is knows his stuff when he talks about 3D printing: if you want the job done right, print slowly. Which is what this kickstarter is doing: inching steadily ever towards the goal. In the interest of conversation, I'm getting a dual head, international. Not quite sure what I'm going to do with it, but we're getting plenty of ideas! A friend of mine (and keychain pledger) is taking the first "copy", which might be a different design, such as a Prusa Mendel, allowing us to compare and try improvements developed for either architecture. I know there will be doll accessories, and custom boxes for sorting miniatures. I will make a custom water bottle to show off (and use) at work, and Christmas will see a number of personalized keychains spelling people's names. Lots of little clips and fittings for various stuff about the house, as well. I want to try custom miniatures, but 28mm is quite challenging for a home-built extruder... Here's a challenge for your "Printed on a Bukobot page": a medieval cathedral <url>"dual-extruder ready" model with the slightly longer aluminium beam and rods (but without the other parts)? I imagine the incremental metal cost would be minimal but would save having to completely replace these parts later. - Is the main difference between the Green model and Vanilla the fact that it doesn't have a heated bed? Will they use a different power supply or extruder? - Is July 2012 a realistic date to finish all design work, wait til Kickstarter actually releases the money (several weeks), place orders, wait for parts, assemble kits and ship out? - Are there any surface shipping options internationally? Looks great! I have a few questions: - what extruders are you using in the Vanilla & Duo? Will they be compatible with water soluable PVA? - how much needs to change if you wanted to upgrade from a single extruder to a dual extruder later? Would you offer the parts required for an upgrade purchase later? - if you later refine the design (for instance, to improve accuracy or reliability in a second generation model) will you make the new part designs available to Kickstarters? Would you offer the refined parts as an upgrade later? - how big is the power supply? - what are the accuracy/layer thickness/drop size specs? - how difficult is it to align/calibrate the machine? Cheers, Robert. H Diego I agree with everything you say. I know that any 3d printer is a copy of another, but they use to bring something new to opensource that make them unique and original(because they were the first to bring it to affordable or open space). The first that does something is perceived as the original(of course it could already exist in the pro market at x100 the price, in that case bringing it to affordable is the innovation). E.g Makerbot brought a much more pleasant aesthetics design than Prusa and the creation of a collaborative space(thingiverse) and proving the viability of selling opensource 3d printers for profit. And the use of kapton(a true innovations as before that even commercial 3d printers used other methods). And being able to use any operating system(they created a lot of software that we all use today). Ultimaker created the innovation(for opensource) of making it super fast and super precise by putting a very lightweight head and moving it in just a plane(evolution that made into makebot replicator design) Printrbot innovation was making it super small so you can put it anywhere, by not putting boundaries like makerbot. In places like Europe and Asia people have not a lot of space in their houses, so this was important. Your printer brings "rigidity"(but you need to express "rigidity" in a video so people can perceive what makes you different, not just saying is rigid, but showing why rigid makes a difference, comparing with no rigid), and affordable dual extrusion(I didn't new that and I saw the video so maybe you can make another video in witch you remark with examples how people should not let go this opportunity). People only remember 5% of the actual content of something unless you make them memorable. You can learn a lot from the best videos in kickstarter or makerbot(Bre Pettis worked as a pro video maker before making makerbot). What I mean if you bring something new(that people perceive easily as new) a lot of people will know about your project. Some ideas could be easily attach and detach the sections in seconds so people can store the machine when no in use. This is what marketing is, satisfying a need nobody had done before(for the group of people you focus on). Hi, Good luck with your project!. Congrats on your courage starting a new project. I won't buy a Bukobot because I already bought a printrbot. I want to provide you with some feedback: This looks to me like a rigid printrbot with prusa aesthetics combination(witch I personally detest). Makerbot has its own style(copied by ultimaker), so does prusa and printrbot. Consider that in people's mind this product is not differentiated, it is a copy, and people always prefer the original. Consider also that people is going to put this thing in their desk, it has to be as beautiful as possible(we geeks tend to favor functionality, but everything has a limit, I know I know about rigidity...). Some things that the video does not talk about: Is this compatible with international metrics?, printrbot uses imperial units because it is cheaper but for people not in the USA this is unfortunate as everything we use is in metric(including tools). What is your bigger vision? I believe you can really create something nobody else had done, like a wax extruder for casting metals or easy exchangeable headers or something else that makes you unique, not only "I will do the same thing for less". Keep going. Bye liked, tweeted and backed, excited to get my reward If there is Open source software available for doing the printing, perhaps somebody will port it for Raspberry Pi as a very inexpensive solution for controlling the printers? Also, tools required. I'm completely new to this, aside from vaguely following the whole RepRap project for a few years, and feel you price point and ease of build are really attractive to someone with no experience - if only there was more information geared towards them! Parts list, source, prices: For people getting partial kits, or planning to make copies, it would be nice to have a list of parts, indicating which packages include them, what can be made with the machine itself, where to get the rest of the stuff (what's at the hardware store, and what's harder), and ballpark price. Materials: I assume it doesn't come with a spool of plastic, although you may want to offer it as an add-on. Where do we buy these, ballpark price, and how fast do we expect to run them out. As I understand it's all about weight, I suppose a few printed items along with their weight (or effective price) would be quite useful. Software: Does this require a computer? UDB? What software do you need to print? To create models? Are there good way to "scan" items for reproduction? License: General explanation of "Open Hardware". You mention friends and families; can we sell "cloned" parts at cost? At profit? Models: There is a good amount of technical data, but a general sense of how a superior model expands possibilities "if you use ABS, you can do this; 8" models let you do stuff like so and so". More info about dual extruders would make them sound less like a sucker's bet, also. A lot of this information is readily available online, but it's a lot of research and we never know what's up to date. Certainly you know, and it would really help make the project a gateway into RepRap. Think "curious noob explanation/FAQ" I'm really excited about this - I hope it picks up as people do some math and check with their spouse! Good luck with the project guys! :)