thanks so much. your product is awesome!!!!! Beautiful work, and thank you! I've received my c/dock however the aluminum face scratches the screen of the iPhone. It would have been better if there was some sort of film on the back of the aluminum to avoid this I got mine, and it's great, but I was planning to use it with an old iPhone 3GS, and it doesn't fit. Does anyone know of an easy way to modify either the c/dock or the iPhone 3GS to fit? I don't need to take the phone out again once it's in there, as I'm dedicating it as an alarm clock. I have an iPhone 4S, but it's inside a hard case which is inside a rubberized case, so putting it in to the c/dock each night and taking it out each morning is not really practical. Received my c|dock last week and I can't believe how beautiful it is! I keep looking at it and showing people who are all amazed it's an iPhone clock! Its truly a work of art! I'm _so_ happy with it! Bonus for me is that it was produced locally in Portland, OR and I'm real proud I was a backer of such a great local project! Thanks so much! I've been loving my c|dock ever since it arrived a couple days ago. It looks and works great and takes up almost no space on my tiny nightstand. Nice work! Got my c/dock this weekend and used it for the first time last night! Love it! Thank you for providing a product that I didn't even know I needed, but now can't live without! This user's account has been deleted. Hey..I would like to change my order to a white one. how do I do that? thanks Can't wait. Hey James, super excited to see the dock soon! I was just wondering, since there isn't going to be a redesigned iPhone, will backers who chose the iPhone 5 option be able to switch their order to the current design? okay, thanks james! whats the current prognosis on the timeline for the initial production? I have backed the project for a black glosse clock. My mission was to find the best clock app to go with it (since the atomic clock app that is displayed is not a free one...). Got two great suggestions for clock app alternatives: FaceClock - free analog clock with date an battery indicator in landscape mode, and Kensington Nightstand - free flip type clock with date and weather information in landscape mode. Both apps make optimal use of the screen in landscape mode, are free and look great. I'm not suppoprting these products, but I'm just giving my results of a day long search for the perfect clock app to fit the c/dock. I'm happy to hear what you guys plan to use. I'm still looking for a good app that supports landscape slide shows (preferably through a DropBox link) and has a clock on it as well. TTFN, Vincent Hi James will you be shipping to Vancouver Canada for free? Hip-hip Hooray!! Time to get crackin' on those docks, James! ;] Excited to be the first Triple Threat backer! Great idea James - looking forward to my c/docks! 3 days! Love the walnut look! It's a definite keeper! I think it is worth taking the bumper on and off as well! I was just checking for us lazy people hahaha! Thanks for the response! Would it be possible to order one that fits with the standard Apple bumper? Hi! I'm super excited for the release! I had the double $110 pledge but updated it so I could have the iphone 5 version instead ($65)... however this is just one c/dock, is there a way to keep the two c/dock pledge but have both be iphone5 versions (brushed aluminum)? Thanks fer yer time :) The walnut faceplate looks awesom Love the look of the wood and would select if if were to become an option... Congrats James, I can't wait to have the c/dock on my night table :) Yay - funding success! I can't wait to get mine and give the other as a gift! Yeah! I put you over the goal - so exciting :) Can't wait to get the c docks - but definitely want them for the iphone5!! Dude. Your'e there! With previous Kickstarter projects I have backed I have indeed seen custom labeled input fields for the surveys. I assume they give you a selection of form types (radio, checkboxes, email, dropdown, etc), you select the label and then they aggregate it all into an easy to use file or something else. In other words, yes, you will probably be capable of letting the backer choose the type upon finding completion. ^_^ Just curious what app that clock is from... On the note of Randy, is it possible that instead you ask at checkout what version or versions (if purchasing more than one) the Backer would like? (Note: I am looking for two iPhone 5 docks.) James, thanks for the iPhone 5 upgrade choice. What if I would like to buy 1 for the iPhone 4 and another for the iPhone 5? Can you add a selection for buying these two together? Thanks! will this be compatible with an iphone3/4 and an itouch? also, i know the iphone5 is coming out soon....will it fit too? thanks! Well, here's hoping... because I HAVE to have this!! Great design! I love how it has a certain Art Deco look, too. Good job and I hope you get to the 20,000$ pledge! This really needs to happen... I love the idea! Now I get it and I really like the video.. Thanks for the update.. Chris