Dear backers, Before we get into the details of what has clearly been a failed Kickstarter, we want to apologize. The crowd-funding community has thrived on the idea that everyday people with a unique idea can find like-minded supporters who want to see their ideas come to life. It's based on trust and, most importantly, communication around the ups and downs of going through the process of creating the product. Many Kickstarters are started by people like us that may not have experience in the details of developing and producing a product, such as manufacturing, material sourcing, and trustworthy contacts in the industry. Part of the experience as backers is from being right there alongside in the passenger seat and experiencing the successes and the failures of those they are backing. Something we have not done for you very well. So we want to apologize for this and tell you what has happened. During the initial production, we had a much harder time of finding a manufacturer than we anticipated, going through many channels to find a company that would work for us and inside the budget we raised funds for. This pushed our timeline back considerably as we struggled to find them. After many emails and phone calls we finally found a small company in New York that would meet us in the middle with our budget (still much more expensive than we estimated) and be able to produce the small run we were asking for. We sent a small amount of material to do a small run for us to make sure the quality was up to our standards and what we had guaranteed you in our Kickstarter. These turned out GREAT and a few of you were sent your product right away in the mail. We determined who would received this small run from the list of backers and the dates they backed us. At this time, we were behind schedule, but excited to find a manufacturer who can produce at the level of quality we were hoping for! So we bought the remaining large amount of raw materials needed to produce the rest of the order, sent it to the manufacturer along with the final funds for payment. We ended up spending MORE than the entire amount we raised, but were still excited to see our idea come to fruition and into the hands of those that want our product. ....Then we waited ...and waited. ....Then the deadline passed which the manufacturer told us the rest would be finished. Over the following months we went back and forth with them, they would give us a new deadline and it would pass. They would give us an excuse and a new deadline, that would pass too. Finally, we gave them a solid deadline that if they didn't hit we would ask for our money and material back and find a new company to work with. They promised us they would hit this deadline....and it passed. This is about the time they started to not pick up their phone and stopped responding to our emails. We tried for months to get ahold of them, going through back channels, finding other customers of theirs to talk to, all with no avail. About six months ago we met with a lawyer who walked us through what the process would be to take legal action. He said we would spend more money than we raised in taking them to small claims court, we would have to travel out to New York for the hearing, and from their extensive experience in cases like this, that we would most likely not receive our money back, but only the materials for the production. Needless to say we left feeling hopeless, taken to the cleaners, frustrated, afraid, and lost. We had given them everything. We hadn't even paid ourselves back for money we had spent out of our pockets before the the Kickstarter even started, we had let you down as backers, some of you even our friends and family, we had become a failed Kickstarter. So where are we at today? We have taken as much action as we can against the manufacturer. We have continued to try and reach them to no avail and not received any form of communication from them. With no other way of putting it, the company and kickstarter have officially closed. Like many Crowd-funded dreams of reaching for the stars as an individual, playing on the same field as larger companies, making a name for our product, we have crashed and burned. We thank those that were willing to give us a shot, we've learned that the manufacturing game is not for the weak of heart, and we've learned some hard lessons that won't be forgotten anytime soon. Most importantly we apologize for our lack of communication and our inability to come through with the product for you. FAQ Did we make any money from this? No, we both lost thousands of dollars we invested into initial R&amp;D, advertising, etc. Will the rest of the orders be fulfilled? No, we do not have the material or funds to finish anymore orders Have we taken legal action? We have not, it would cost more money than we raised to take legal action and we wouldn't be guaranteed recourse. Who received Cable Keepers? We fulfilled as many orders as we could with the product we received by shipping to those who were first to back our product. Kickstarter Backers, Orders have gone out periodically since our last update. We have had major problems with the manufacturer fulfilling the last bulk shipment of Cable Keepers and wallets. We have not forgotten, or neglected this project. We did however make a poor choice on the manufacturer. They make a great product. You will be extremely impressed with the quality of the Cable Keeper, as many backers have already mentioned, but they have failed to deliver our product to us on time over and over. With promises of our Cable Keepers being shipped week after week, yet they have delays and problems at the factory week after week. We were told, the rest of the product will be shipped from them to us by the end of this week, and then off to you. If they are not, we will look to other means of production to finalize the orders. Please bear with us, this is as frustrating to you as it is to us. We are doing our best. The Cable Keepers finally arrived, and they look fantastic! The level of detail and durability of the material was worth the delay in time to make this the right way. The manufacturer will be sending us shipments as they make them over the next few weeks and we will be shipping them out as we get them. We had a few questions regarding how we would be shipping. Out of fairness, we will be shipping based on backing order. Since we did not get any wallets in the first batch, we will ship orders that did not have a wallet. Check out a few pictures! With a few more delays under our belt regarding materials, the first batch of Cable Keepers were shipped to us yesterday! We will only be receiving part of the total order while the rest finishes being manufactured. So we will begin fulfilling orders as soon as those arrive. Another batch will be sent to use next week. With the holidays here in the U.S. and the new year the manufacturer had many of their employees gone on vacation. So early January all the changes were applied and the cutting of fabric began. New York (where they are being made) has a fashion week for a week of February which will put us behind slightly too. The good news is all is moving along, just slower than you or I would have liked! We were told, the production would be finished the end of this month or the first week of March, and then promptly shipped to us. Thanks you all for your support! The Cable Keeper prototypes have ARRIVED!! We are so happy to finally say the prototypes are in our hands and they look fantastic! Only a few minor changes will need to be made. We would both like to apologize for the delays. Like many Kickstarters we have been learning the ways of manufacturing and how much longer things like prototypes and production runs take. We have sent changes out to the manufacturer to make the Cable Keepers even better. One small, but positive, change you will see is we changed the hooks that close the Cable Keeper to elastic to be more forgiving for bigger cables. The medium and large will also have adjustable buckles, not stationary buckles. Our wallet prototypes have not shipped yet, so we will update with those as soon as we get them. Stick with us! We have really appreciated the patience our supporters have given us and are so excited to ship the Cable Keeper to you soon! Hello Cable Keeper supporters! Sorry for the silence, we wanted our update to have good news and not just bad news. The bad news is we had a hiccup in the manufacturing and our original manufacturer will no longer be making Cable Keeper. Once this fell through, we reached out to a few other manufacturers and the process was slow with mailing our prototype to different places to get quotes and see if their company would be able to meet our standards. The good news is we have a new manufacturer!! They will begin making patterns and prototypes for each size within the next week. We are extremely excited about this manufacturer, because we will be supplying them directly with the materials they will use to build each and every one of the cable keepers and wallets. We will update with the prototypes as soon as we have them in our hands! Hello Cable Keeper Supporters! We are happy to say things are going along smoothly! We have begun the early stages of sending prototypes back and forth with a manufacturer. We will be posting pictures once we have a finalized prototype from the manufacturer. Thank you all for your continued support! :) Thank you all! We have officially ended our campaign and are nearly funded double our goal, so thank you! We could not have done it without you all. We are finalizing our manufacturer now and going to have another round of prototypes made to ensure the quality will not be compromised. If you know friends or family who missed out on the Kickstarter we have an email subscription on our website so they can track the progress as we go and find out when they are available for purchase. We look forward to getting the Cable Keeper in your hands as soon as possible. Thank you again for the support! We're there!!! We've officially hit our Kickstarter goal! Thanks to all who have supported us and helped share our Kickstarter. We couldn't have done it without you all! We are currently working on locking down a manufacturer and designing the packaging. We know how important production updates are in crowd funding and will be sure to keep you up to date on our progress. We are one week in and nearly 75% funded! Thank you all for your support! We thought we would share some of the ways people are saying they plan on using their cable keepers beyond just cables and cords. So if you forgot to get your wife or mother something for mothers day, this might be just the right thing for her. 27 days to go, thanks again for your support! Makeup holder Wow! It only took 15hrs to get to 25% of our goal! We're really doing it! We are so thankful for all of your support that we wanted to give you something extra special. That's right. You all get stickers with your products! Stickers for everyone!