Dear horrible friends - It's been a while since we've checked in with you here, but we wanted to send you a short update and let you know about a little holiday gift we have for you. Since we launched our Kickstarter two years ago, we've become the highest-rated, best-selling, and most-wished-for toy on Amazon.com. We're in something like our tenth printing, and we still can't keep up with the demand for the game. We've also released two new expansions, and kept the entire game available as a free download through it all. Earlier this year, Diana Kimball wrote a case study of Cards Against Humanity for the Kickstarter blog that reconstructed the timeline of our project and the history of the game, and will give you some behind-the-scenes stories of how we worked on this project. We're still amazed by the support of our fans and friends, and we want to earn that by continuing to do awesome things. For the holidays this year, we've released a pay-what-you-want holiday pack for Cards Against Humanity, with 30 new cards. You can get your copy for free at <url>#1 game Amazon.com. We sold so many copies and got so many positive reviews that Amazon thought the game might be some kind of hoax. If you have a few minutes, please leave a review on our Amazon page . The reviews from our Kickstarter backers been really awesome and funny and nice and make us smile. There are still a few sets available on Amazon.com for $25 with free shipping. If you or your friends want Cards Against Humanity, grab a copy before they're gone! We've also got a Cards Against Humanity meetup in Chicago this week. Come by if you still need to pick up your set, or if you just want to say hi and hang out. What: Cards Against Humanity; other, less-fun games; drinking When: This Thursday (6/23) at 8:00pm Where: Guthries Tavern, 1300 West Addison, Chicago Thanks everyone! - The Cards Against Humanity team ﻿﻿ Dear horrible friends, Cards Against Humanity is available for purchase right now on Amazon.com . Click here to purchase a copy for $25, with free shipping . We'd also like to ask a small favor of you: If you've played Cards Against Humanity and enjoyed it, would you mind writing a review for our game on Amazon.com ? We would really appreciate it! Thanks for your support! - The Cards Against Humanity team Dear horrible friends, We've received a lot of emails asking how you can purchase additional copies of the game, so tomorrow we're going to make a limited number of sets of Cards Against Humanity available for purchase at <url>"The box is sturdy cardboard and sets up the aesthetics of the rest of the game: Namely there aren't any. Black on white &amp; white on black are the name of the game here. No graphics at all on the cards themselves. This is all game. Which is fine, because big, bold, easy to read type is just what you need when you're drunk and trying to see through tears of laughter. No fancy inserts, no baggies, no endless cardboard chits to punch out. Just a page of instructions and the cards. Lots of cards. My god look at all the cards."﻿ We've gotten a lot of questions about shipping, so here is a quick FAQ. If you have a problem or question, please contact us at <email> and we'll be happy to help you out. Thanks! - The Cards Against Humanity Team FAQ Has my set shipped yet? All sets to all backers have been shipped as of last Friday. International, custom cards, special orders... they're all in the mail. I haven't received my copy yet! When will it arrive? Don't panic - the shipping we selected takes 3 to 10 days. We chose a slower shipping method so we could put every penny possible into the quality of the games. When you get your copy, we think you'll agree this was a good choice. I haven't received my copy yet! When will it arrive? We don't know anything new since you asked this five seconds ago. Is there a tracking number for the package? There is no tracking or anything else fancy about the way we shipped these, sorry. If it was a dollar cheaper to shoot them out of a catapult we probably would have done that. What if I don't get my copy? If you don't receive your copy by the end of next week (6/3/11), send us an email at <email>. My copy is damaged! Email us at <email> and we'll help you out. Dear horrible friends, Two quick items: - We're at the English Bar right now setting up for the release party. If you live in Chicago and want to pick your set up, we hope you can come by TONIGHT between 7:30 and midnight to have a beer, say hi, and get your set. - Everyone's decks ($15 and $30 backers) were processed today and will ship tomorrow via USPS. We think they will take 3 to 10 days to arrive. If you live in the Chicago area, we hope you can come by and say hi tonight. - The Cards Against Humanity Team P.S. If you can't make it, we will add additional pickup times over the next few weeks. Dear horrible friends, Today we finished processing and packing everyone's copies of Cards Against Humanity and they are at the distribution center awaiting shipping. We expect everyone's games to ship early tomorrow, and as soon as we get confirmation, we will be in touch with any shipping information we can share. - The Cards Against Humanity Team P.S. If you are in the Chicago area, we really, really hope you can join us at the English Bar at 7:30 tomorrow night. Due to the rapidly-approaching Rapture on May 21st, attending this launch party is the only way to ensure that you receive a copy before the End Times. Dear horrible friends, We're celebrating the arrival of Cards Against Humanity with a release party in Chicago. Come have a beer, play some Cards, and pick up your copies of the game. When: This Tuesday, May 17th, starting at 7:30pm Where: The English Bar in River North, second floor. 444 North La Salle Boulevard (between Hubbard &amp; Illinois). Who is invited: Anyone and everyone, feel free to bring friends. A limited number of games will be available for sale, first-come, first-served. Now that Cards Against Humanity has arrived in Chicago, we're working quickly to label, box, and ship everyone's orders. We think the last order will be shipped by Monday afternoon. Thanks, and we look forward to seeing you on Tuesday night! - The Cards Against Humanity Team P.S. If you have any questions about the release party or anything else, shoot us an email at <email> P.P.S. If you need to pick up your game in Chicago and you can't make it this Tuesday, don't worry ! We'll have more times and dates for pick ups. Dear horrible friends, The custom cards (for our $30 backers) arrived today ahead of the full game. The custom cards look great and we're more excited than ever about the quality of the final product. Photos below! - The Cards Against Humanity Team Dear horrible friends, Just a quick update today: The games have landed in the port of Los Angeles, and we're waiting for them to get loaded onto a truck. Our import/export coordinator, NDO America, Inc., writes: " Once the freight has arrived at the container freight station, it will normally be delivered within a couple of days. ETA to the CFS is 5/8, so hopefully it will arrive by Monday and then we should have no problem getting it to you by Friday. " Two other quick items: 1. If you need to change your delivery address, just shoot us an email at <email>. 2. We're still waiting to set a pick-up date for Chicago backers (we don't know the exact delivery date of the cards) but it will be in the next few weeks, and we will post the information on Kickstarter. Thanks! - The Cards Against Humanity Team Dear horrible friends, After a long month of waiting, we're pleased to finally be able to share some concrete shipping information with you. Cards Against Humanity left Shanghai on Thursday April 21st aboard the good ship M/V Manukai , operated by our freight shipper, Matson Navigation . If you are so inclined, you can track the movements of the Manukai live via GPS or monitor conditions such as ocean temperature, wave height, and weather here . (The Manukai is currently heading East as the crow flies at a brisk clip of 23.6 knots with high visibility; no word on potential icebergs). We just received notification that the games will arrive this Sunday (May 1st) at pier C60 in Los Angeles, which you can monitor live via this webcam . We expect the cards to arrive in Chicago the week of May 9th, and once they're on the road, we'll share the Scuttlebutt. Godspeed, Manukai ! Show us the meaning of haste! - The Cards Against Humanity Team P.S. You can take a virtual tour of the Manukai here . Dear horrible friends, Just a quick update for you: the first box has arrived in Chicago, and we're super happy with the quality. Check out the photos below. We've approved the boxes for production, and the rest of the game is moving along. We'll have an updated shipping estimate as soon as the games and boxes have all been created. Thanks! - The Cards Against Humanity team Dear horrible friends, Thanks for your patience over the last few weeks while the cards have been in production overseas. Here's the latest news: The cards are currently on the printing press, in the final stages of production. You can see the first photos of the uncut sheets of the cards (front and back) below with the aqueous coating. We're waiting to receive a sample of the game box (should get to us this week, we'll post photos) and once we approve the sample, the boxes will take 5-7 days to produce. After the boxes are finished, the games will get assembled, shrink-wrapped, and shipped to us here in Chicago. There's obviously a lot of variables, but we think order will ship from China on April 10th, and we'll have them about a month later. More updates to follow! - The Cards Against Humanity team Dear horrible friends, We're reviewing the final press proofs from our printer today, and you can see some of the plates below (60 playing cards to a sheet!). It's still pretty funny to us that the humanity's industrial infrastructure is whirring up to make our horrible game, although in response to your questions, we can confirm that Cards Against Humanity will be printed on 100% FSC-certified stock. Finally, if anyone is going to be at the PAX East conference next week, we'd like to encourage you to stop by the " How to Fund Your Game Development Project with Kickstarter! " panel Friday at 12:30pm. Max from Cards Against Humanity will be speaking about this project and would love to meet you. Thanks! - The Cards Against Humanity team Dear horrible friends, It's our pleasure to announce that this morning we placed the order for over one thousand copies of Cards Against Humanity with our printer in China. After the success of our Kickstarter drive, we had to go back to the drawing board and find a way to make more copies of the game than we had planned for. Although it took a few extra weeks of work, we are really pleased with the improved quality of the game, and we think you'll love it too. We've partnered with our friends at AdMagic to print Cards Against Humanity on playing card stock with rounded corners and a water-resistant aqueous coating. (We have a sample, and the quality is fantastic. These cards are made to last.) They're also producing a custom box that will hold the cards, and helping us package each set with a rules insert. AdMagic is based in New Jersey and has over 20 years of experience making games and custom playing cards. They've been very helpful moving Cards Against Humanity to press as quickly as possible, and have agreed to help us keep you updated as printing begins. There are a lot of factors that will determine when we will get the cards in the U.S. It will take about two weeks to print, and another two to four weeks to ship if everything goes according to plan. We're hoping for a late April ship date, assuming U.S. customs agents have a sense of humor.* If you've got any questions or feedback, we'd love to hear from you on Kickstarter, on our Facebook page , or at <email> Thanks! - The Cards Against Humanity Team *Please take this shipping estimate with a grain of salt. We're working as hard as we can to get these games as fast as possible, but we're not compromising the quality of the finished product. We know when you see the result you'll be happy that we took the time to do this right. In the mean time, we'll keep updating you every step along the way, and give you our best estimate for when we can send these suckers out. Dear horrible friends, Some exciting Cards Against Humanity news: 1. We've been working late nights over the last few weeks to write the new cards that we added as part of the $15,000 challenge . We picked the final fifty over the weekend, and they're some of the funniest cards in the game - you can see a couple of our favorites below. The final deck will clock in with 90 Black Cards and 460 White Cards, plus our $30 backers will get an additional 16 custom cards. 2. Cards Against Humanity will be printed on high-quality playing cards with rounded corners and a dirt- and water-resistant aqueous coating. This is much higher-quality than we originally thought we would be able to afford, and we're really excited about how nice the finished product is going to be. 3. Each deck will come shrink wrapped in a custom-designed chipboard box that is made specifically to fit Cards Against Humanity. 4. We are still working on a print schedule, but it looks like it's going to take about two weeks to have the cards printed overseas and another 2-4 weeks for the sets to arrive in the U.S. From there, we'll be standing by to package and ship your copy to you. 5. For backers who would prefer to pick their sets up, we're going to have a launch party at a bar on the north side the same week the sets arrive. Everyone is invited for drinks and board games and, of course, Cards Against Humanity. When we know more about the shipping schedule, we'll update everyone with the exact day and time. 6. A number of people have asked us if they can get still get a copy (or add additional copies to their order). Our top priority is fulfilling the existing orders of our Kickstarter backers. You helped us make the game and deserve to get your copies first. If you'd like to be notified when more sets are available for sale, you can sign up at <url>"like" us on Facebook . Dear horrible friends, There's only 48 hours left in our Kickstarter drive, and we're looking forward to a strong finish. In the last few weeks of our project, we've raised more than more than three times what we originally hoped and successfully met the $10,000 challenge . We've also received some great press coverage: The Onion A.V. Club called Cards Against Humanity "pretty amazing," The Chicago Tribune Puzzler described it as "simple, yet well-executed," and Dice Hate Me said that the cards were "brilliantly crafted" . All of this funding is going to great use - we've listened to your comments, and we're making improvements to quality of the deck by printing on premium-quality playing cards with rounded corners. As soon we we have new prototypes, we'll share the photos with you. Here's how you can help us over the next 48 hours : 1. Become a fan of Cards Against Humanity on Facebook and remind your Facebook friends that they still have one last chance to order their copies. 2. Vote us up and leave a comment on Reddit to help us get the word out. Thanks again for all your support, - The Cards Against Humanity team Image from Dice Hate Me Dear horrible friends, With only ten days to go, you have pledged over $9,000 to Cards Against Humanity. To celebrate, we're issuing the $10,000 challenge : Help us get to $10,000 in the next ten days, and we'll add ten new cards to the game. Help us get to $15,000 , and we'll add fifty new cards to the game. You can help get the word out about Cards Against Humanity by linking to our Kickstarter page ( <url>"pretty amazing." Over the next few weeks, we'll keep you updated on our plans for printing and shipping. If you're as excited as we are to finish strong on Kickstarter and make this game a reality, we would love your help. If you have any friends, family, or co-workers with a sense of humor, let them know about our game and suggest that they shower us with their hard earned money. Thanks again for your support - you have touched each of us, much like the TSA. - The Cards Against Humanity Team P.S. This is our current prototype, though we're also looking at versions of the game with bigger cards and fancier coatings. What do you think? Dear Horrible Friends, Thanks to your generous support, we are now over 150% funded with pledges from 300 backers. We never imagined that our project would be this successful, and we are so grateful to Kickstarter and the incredible service they provide for getting us to this point. Depending on how well the rest of the project goes, we may wind up with some extra funding that we want to invest back into the product. We'd love to hear from you. What can we do to make Cards Against Humanity even more awesome? Please take a moment and fill out this quick survey and let us know what you think. Most importantly, if you like Cards Against Humanity and want to see it get even better, please remember to tell your friends about the game, and remind them to pre-order their copy on Kickstarter. Thanks again for your support, and we look forward to hearing from you! - Max, and the Cards Against Humanity team P.S. We've been working with our printer in Chicago to make sure we're ready to hit the press when our project completes: Dear Horrible Friends, I just wanted to post a quick note and clear up any confusion about shipping the game. Our goal is to make make and deliver a premium product for as little money as humanly possible. That being said, the game has 500 cards all printed on card stock... that makes for a heavy box that costs $5 to ship. I assure you that none of us are shipping barrons attempting to get rich in five dollar increments selling an inappropriate card game on Kickstarter. Here's what you need to know about shipping: • We encourage you to simply add $5 ($10 international) to your pledge to cover shipping up front. Then you won't have to ever think about it again. • If you didn't do that, you can edit your Kickstarter pledge at any time and add $5 or $10. • If anyone forgets to pay for shipping on Kickstarter, we'll set up a payment system after the project completes, and remind you to pay for shipping at that time The reason shipping is separate is that many of our friends and family who are supporting us live in the Chicago area, and it's silly for them to pay for shipping. If you live in the Chicago area, and you'd like to pick your copy up, just leave out the $5 and we'll contact you after the project is over. Congratulations! You have saved $5. Most important - DON'T STRESS! Kickstarter helps us keep track of everyone who has backed us. We will get your set to you, and if you forget about shipping or screw it up somehow, we'll work with you to fix it. We love this game and we want you to have it. Happy holidays and may the force be with you, - Max and the Cards Against Humanity team