Your shoes are currently going through customs, when I have them I will update you. Thank you. All shipping supplies have just arrived. All messages replied back to as well. Hope everyone is having a great weekend! We're getting closer now. Want to let everyone know that when the shoes ship this month you will each have a tracking number. Have replied back to all messages. Thank you! This being my first Kickstarter project I wanted to make sure everything is above standards when it comes to quality and service. Had a random batch of shoes sent to me and just got them this morning. Could not be more happier! Makes me very excited to get these shoes to you! Hello everyone! Current time frame still appears to be next month. No other delays have happened. Any questions please just send me a direct message to me. All messages have been replied back to. Thank you! Hello everyone! Haven't had a update in awhile, but was very busy answering everyone messages. I'm always here just send me a message with anything you need. Production is in full swing and anticipate everyone having their shoes by the end of next month. There was a week delay with a labor holiday from the factory besides that everything is green. Being my first project I'm invested into this making sure everything exceeds your standards. Definitely want to plan other shoes and also women's line as well. My name is on the line and nothing is being over looked to satisfy everyone. There is also a 2nd and final production run for these designs. Learned a lot already and the support and feedback has been nothing short of amazing, thank you. Have replied back to all messages and I now have found a way to increase orders for everyone who was asking me. Message me if you still would like to order more pairs. Please send in your order if you have not yet, order starts Friday. Thank you! Only about 10% of you I am waiting on to send in your order, have answered all messages up to now. Please send in your order so I can get production started. Hoping to send in all orders before the week is over! Thank you! Send me a message if you have a question. Majority has now sent in their orders, all messages have been replied back to. Looking for more pictures? In the update section under update #4. Looking for style names? In the update section under update #6. Please if you have not, send in your order ASAP and any questions you have message me directly instead of leaving a comment. Available for a couple more hours then all day tomorrow. Thank you again for the support! We did it, over $24.5k with 507 pairs of shoes sold. Just sent everyone a survey to pick their size, color, and style. Please respond ASAP to get production moving ahead. Thank you, couldn't have done this project without all my supports. Looking forward to the process now and future projects. This being my first project on Kickstarter I am handling quality control to raise the standard very high and keep it there. To make it easy I have numbered the styles below and colors are black, brown, or cognac. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Well we did it, we beat the original goal. On Friday when this ends Kickstarter will let me send you a survey to pick out your style,size, and color. Please complete it before the weekend is over so I can get all the orders in. Thank you! Look forward to what's next. What a incredible experience this has been and have every single one of you to thank. Very excited to produce all these shoes. Adding pictures below that was requested. Believe we're going over our original goal of $20k, let's get one more share and beat it! Expect all delivery's to happen in May. Project ends this week and then kickstarter allows me to send you a survey where you will pick you styles, color, and size and any additional requests. Any questions message me. Now we have 200 backers, that's incredible. The new pictures I am going to put on our Facebook page. When they're on our pledge page it seems to get very crowded. We need to come up with some names for each styles and asking for your help to name them. Also the colors are currently black, brown, and cognac. Thank you. Just 30 hours in and we made it happen. Thank you to every single one of you. Now let's get the shoes made. Any there requests for anything? Going to set up a email just for this and this week you can send me your size, color, and style and will get it started. Thank you everyone who has supported this project. What a great start. Will spend some time this weekend working on stretch goals. Let's keep the momentum going, we're ranked #1 in our category. Thank you.