Good morning, We'd like to start this week off with good news. Our inventory is arriving at the warehouse this week by Wednesday (2/10). The warehouse will then receive the shipment into the system and prepare the shipments. All backer orders will then begin to ship starting Thursday - Friday (2/11-2/12). Once your order is shipped over the next few days, and automated email message will be sent to you. Please allow up to 2/19 to allow for the message to be delivered and ensure that you check any Spam folders if you have not received. To streamline any questions, please send any questions to <email> and allow up to 48 hours for response. Have a great week, Collar Perfect Customs Clearance and Time-frames The Collar Perfect inventory arrived to port on January 19th. Once offloaded, the shipment was placed into customs review. The shipment was released and began the track to our warehouse facility. The inventory is set to arrive and begin processing backer shipments 2/10 or earlier. All shipment preparations have been made and labels are printed and ready to go. Our next communications will provide confirmation of arrival to the warehouse, automated email with tracking information of your shipment, and confirmation of all order fulfillment completion. Show Us How You Best Use Collar Perfect When you receive your shipment, we’d like you to share with us how you are using your Collar Perfect. Take a picture or film a clip. Share it with us on Twitter, Facebook, or send us an email to <email>. Shipment Details and Timeframes We hope that everyone enjoyed their Christmas and New Year’s. We wanted to provide an update on the shipment and timelines from our last update on December 18th. The 3rd party inspection was completed on time and required additional rework on the packaging of the product. All of the required work was completed and left for departure on 12/24/15. Our logistics partners have fast tracked the container shipment and we expect to begin backer fulfillment to be completed between 1/25 through 2/5. Next Checkpoints and Communications Container ship arrival to final port Shipment arrival to warehouse / reward fulfillment begins Individual notification of shipment and tracking Reward shipments complete <url>– June: Tooling July: Preproduction August: Production and Shipment Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers have asked how to change their addresses. To change your address, please send the updated address to <email>. Please note, the email address must match the one submitted in the Kickstarter survey. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach us is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. Current Status and Next Steps Following our Kickstarter event during January, we completed our reward shipments. Between January and February, we implemented the product design changes due to the feedback from the Campaign ( Update #24 ). These changes included the floating heating plates on the wings and 240v support. In March we completed our logistics planning ( Update #25 ). In April we proceeded with the factory steps to secure our tooling start date. To complete this, we moved our full production to one factory to secure a quicker start date. Our tooling began in the first of May and is currently underway. Following tooling, we will have 2-4 weeks of preproduction, 2 weeks production, and shipment activities. We are continuing to work with our production and logistic partners along the way to expedite any step we can. We will continue to keep you posted of any updates along the way. Our amended timeframes are listed below. May – June: Tooling July: Preproduction August: Production and Shipment Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers have asked how to change their addresses. To change your address, please send the updated address to <email>. Please note, the email address must match the one submitted in the Kickstarter survey. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach us is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. Usage Spotlight During the Month of April, we’d like to challenge our Backers to share your creative ways you plan to use Collar Perfect. Send us an email and share your ideas, thoughts, or needs. Send your ideas to <email>. THE SHIRT CUFFS We've had Backers write in to us wanting to know the best way to Perfect shirt cuffs. Unlike traditional ironing, you do not have to use an ironing board to flatten the wrinkles. Simply, unbutton the cuffs and swipe Collar Perfect across its length. Use the detailed edge to get in close and around the buttons. Within seconds, you are done and ready to look sharp. THE WALL LOCKER INSPECTION: Any military veteran will remember the days of wall locker inspections. Every uniform item is required to be beyond perfect; each with no wrinkles, properly ordered, correctly positioned ranks and medals, and many more minute detailed requirements. In preparation, over kill is essential to pass. Having a Collar Perfect would go a long way to ensure you pass Perfectly each and every time. Logistics, Logistics, Logistics… One of the most important tasks in product development is to develop the logistics to move the product from manufacturing to the backer’s door. Every step from container shipment, trucking, warehousing, inventorying, shipment carrier, and additional supporting tasks have to be seamlessly planned out. During the month of March, our team has focused on finalizing our logistical network to secure the best option for delivering our project to our Backers. Our final steps to complete the network have now been put in place and we are complete with our logistics planning. Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach me is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. FedEx Small Business Competition FedEx Small Business division has released a competition for small businesses. Come show your support for Collar Perfect . Vote up to once daily. Help Collar Perfect get closer to winning up to $25,000 by voting for them in the FedEx Small Business Grant Contest. Design Changes and Updates We have been actively working throughout January and February. Our engineers have been hard at work and actively engaged with the final processes with the factory. As part of this process, there is always a chance that device configurations, designs, and other elements have to be changed to better suite production requirements. This may sound like negative changes, but really is an opportunity to make the final designs more solid as well as to add additional enhancements. For Collar Perfect, the overall changes have been positive. The following images came from the final Beta prototype. This prototype was made with 3D printing. The shipped units for this campaign are made through professionally tooled parts from the manufacturer. The major improvements are: Increased insulation to increase heat plate heating time as well as user comfort. Upgraded heating element to rapidly heat up to user selected material’s ironing temperature. Floating sled design for heating elements to adjust for full contact to the ironing materials. Upgraded heating element surface coating to improve longevity of the heating element. Production Timeline As with any factory produced items, changes occur during the evaluation and solidification stages of manufacturing sourcing. These changes can be minor or complex depending on the changes need to support high quality production requirements. During our final manufacturing developments, the design changes have required some time to finalize and work out between parties. These changes were necessary in order to deliver a high quality product and to facilitate the manufacturing needs. As we progressed through the conversation, Chinese New Year’s occurred during the final step. Chinese New Year requires a three week pause while the factory closes for the holiday. Based on the required design and holiday delay, this will impact our anticipated shipment timeline. We are now anticipating the following timeline: Manufacturing Preparation . February. Tooling, Production &amp; Packaging Qualification . March – April Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment . May - June Our Website Update We have been updating our website and backend systems. We have done a soft launch our new site. Our first release contains mostly backend work that supports direct ordering, support, communication, and additional related items. Additionally we are updating our experience to include a responsive checkout and technical support elements. A second release will contain updated images, videos, FAQ, and additional features to the front end. The videos and images are currently in in production and should be available soon. We will continue to use the Kickstarter platform for updates to our Backers about these exciting changes. Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach me is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. It’s Time for a Quick Update!!! We have been actively working throughout January. Our engineers have been hard at work and actively engaged with the final processes with the factory. We are nearing completion with our sourcing process and will have updated pictures available mid-February of the final beta that was produced for the factory sourcing. During this final stage, there may be some changes to support the fabrication and material sourcing processes. We will ensure that all changes do not change the quality of our product and will also communicate them directly with our backers. The final beta was a 3d printed model and produced by the engineering team. Many of you saw the creation of the Alpha working prototype used in the Kickstarter campaign. If you have not already, take a look at the December article in Inventors Digest that shares details on our prototyping journey. Address Changes? A lot of people have asking about changing addresses. Kickstarter now allows you to update your address up until 48hr till the final shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. Our Website Update We have been updating our website and backend systems. Beginning 2/14/15, we will launch our new site. Our first release will contain mostly backend work that supports direct ordering, support, communication, and additional related items. A second release is scheduled for 3/1/15 and will contain updated images and additional features to the front end. We will continue to use the Kickstarter platform for updates to our Backers. Save the Inventor Visit Save the Inventor on Facebook and get the Collar Perfect Interview exclusive. Our interview will be posted later this month, until that time check out other fellow inventor interviews. <url>’ve collected most of our surveys, we’ve had the chance to observe interesting data and statistics that we’d like to share. The top 10 backer countries are: We are will be making over 1,600 units to fulfill our Backers in 43 different countries. None of this could have been possible without all of you. We thank you for your interest and support of our project. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach me is to send a Kickstarter message or email direct at <email>. Friend Network - Matt Ward Some of you might know that we really like to collaborate and help other creative project creators. Matt Ward interviewed us early on in our campaign and has used his experiences to form a solid training platform for Kickstarter. Hey guys, my name's Matt Ward and I love crowd funding! I started Art of the Kickstart, a podcast, blog and crowd funding company around 8 months ago to help Kickstarters and entrepreneurs make it happen. Since then I've interviewed over 100 incredible campaigners (including our man Brandon), case studied dozens of successful campaigns, and consulted for a ton of clients to help them fund their business. I decided to create The $16 MILLION Crowdfund Academy, a step-by-step video guide, walking entrepreneurs through exactly how crush their Kickstarter campaigns because I simply couldn't handle ALL the consulting clients and yet still wanted to help... So yeah, the strategies and hacks covered in the 38 detailed videos are designed to bring the most robust, actionable and proven strategies for crowd funding success straight to you. Basically a proven template and timeline to keep your campaign preparation on schedule and force you to hit deadlines and deliver on the all-important activities which help you make more money. The high octane course begins 3 months prior to launching your Kickstarter and covers ANY and EVERYTHING you need to do before you hit that launch button. From marketing and social media, lists, salesy copywriting and crushing the video...we cover it all. Check it out today if you're serious about starting something and want crowd funding to be your catapult to startup success. 101 campaigns and over $16 million in funding later, this is your shortcut to startup crowd funding success. Here's the link again: <url>“If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Save the Inventor Don’t forget to keep a close watch this month Save the Inventor. Save the Inventor is "a coalition of inventors, patent owners and stakeholders from a broad range of industries that believe the patent system is worth protecting." The interview will be posted later this month and will include several other inventors around the US. As soon as it is available, we will let you know. Status Update The Perfect Team is nearing the final stages with our manufacturer. These steps include final CAD updates, manufacturing change reviews, and final contracting. As we move closer to getting these steps complete by the end of this month, we'll have some updated images to share. Next Update We are planning to post our next project update by 1/31. Thanks, The Perfect Team Greetings, The Perfect Team has started shipping the Polo Shirts included in some of the reward tiers. We have ordered the T-Shirts, but do not expect them to arrive at our facility until January 6th due to the holiday delays. We will get these out to the backers who selected the applicable tiers as soon as possible. Last week our CEO had a great interview with Save the Inventor . Save the Inventor is "a coalition of inventors, patent owners and stakeholders from a broad range of industries that believe the patent system is worth protecting." The interview will be posted in January and will include several other inventors around the US. As soon as it is available, we will let you know. Take a look at their campaign and show some support for the cause. <url>#section1 Thanks, The Perfect Team I would like to thank all of our backers. With your strong backing, we are able to bring our product concepts into the world and into your hands. As of this morning, we have passed our funding goal and have less than 46 hours remaining. Keep up the incredible support and share with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. Share this link with them: <url>…especially learning how to do a lot with a little. Marines are never well supplied nor have the latest and greatest gear. However, we still had to overcome our obstacles. It helps you to be more flexible, creative, and open minded while having the confidence to overcome the hurdles along the way. How did you get your inspiration to take the idea to an actual product? I’ve written down items for the last several years that come to me. Sometimes it was an improvement to something and sometimes it is its own idea. I’ve never really done anything with the list in the past, but one day my wife just said “why don’t you just try one out”. Within the week, I met with an development firm and was accepted as a client. The project just grew from there. The Perfect Team would like to thank those who submitted questions for the XM Radio interview this week. For those Perfect Backers who didn't catch the show, we're going to post updates containing the most popular questions we received. How did you come up with the Idea to invent Collar Perfect? Originally, I worked in an office environment where Polo type shirts were the norm . I discovered a problem with Polo shirts....after about 20 washes, the average polo’s collar wouldn't stay flat . There was no perfect solution and would require ironing. It’s a pain to iron them with an ironing board and regular iron. I never had enough time in the morning and didn't want to the night before either. Then when you do iron, you have to fold and iron the whole collar flat, turn it to make the center crease, and move it around to get the edges flat. It’s just a hassle. I knew there had to be something better out there. I didn't want to throw away a good shirt or just let it hang forever in the closet. I looked around and couldn't find anything that really solved the problem. That’s when I began the initial sketch of what would later become Collar Perfect. Greetings from the Perfect Team, We wanted to say thanks to our backers for continuing to make this a strong campaign. We are near the 70% mark in our campaign. Come and like our Facebook page, share our campaign on with your friends and family, and grow our Perfect supporters. Stay tuned for new feature update under review by request from our supporters. These are currently in testing and validation and will be shared in a Perfect News flash in the next couple of days. Have a Perfect day, The Perfect Team We here at Collar Perfect wanted to reach out to all of our supporters and thank you for your support. As of today, we are approaching the 30% funding mark in our campaign and couldn't have done it without you. As we approach the 500th backer, we are going to launch a new update segment. Beginning later this week, we will spotlight our journey from idea to Kickstarter. Backers will get an early preview. So make sure to share our project with your Perfect friends and everyone you know. Make sure to follow our Facebook site for more updates. <url>