So did anyone actually get anything from them? Scammer!! Scammer!! Scammer!! Still nothing received in Norway. Not good. Nothing received here in Ukraine yet. We should have an update soon. Nothing received here in Norway yet. We should have an update soon. This was a Scam and Kickstarter don't care. Does not make me want to use them anymore when they let things like this happen. I contacted them many times and they just said they would get in touch with the creator which they never got a response from so they should have done something but they already had their money so didn't give a crap about the poor souls getting scammed. Shame on Kickstarter as well as the scammer @Creator, shame on you for scamming ten thousand Haven't received mine. Hi, are there any news on this? I already paid 19USD? I always wondered about this product since the day before it would of failed it picked u $10,000 in funding. Kinda so suspicious if you ask me. i have not received my product , please advise Still no reply or Boolze. I have not received my item Please help me to check on it. Thank you Hi, any updates ? Cheers Scammer! I sent a message to the Boolze email 25-Nov no reply. I sent a message to the Boolze email 10-Jan no reply. I sent a message to the hanasan email 10-Jan replied next day. 19-Feb my item arrived, sadly it was only part of the Kickstarter stuff I paid for. I sent my info and still nothing. I have still not received mine yet and have messaged multiple times. I got a response asking which country I was in but that's all I have heard. Must of got lost in the post. I don't expect to receive it now as its been so long. So I sent email to <email> on December 17th about the shipping details and no reply.. Surprisingly, i have received my item yesterday. Haven't mounted it on my bike yet, but tried it with my phone and it seems sturdy enough. Thanks boolze. I guess the creator only have few prototypes send to few backers. Still nothing. I havent received my item. please advice. I have also sent emails but no response and no item received. I have not yet received my Boolze, can you please advise when it is going to ship? Sent to emails to '<email>' and '<email>' but no response? I have not yet received my Boolze, can you please advise when it is going to ship? Received my boolze today. However it doesn't work with my oneplus2... Has anyone been able to use it with op2? Sent my address on November 12th and still not received anything Finally we have successfully been able to send to all of you how send his address but still not all did send their address so please do it if you see this comment and we will send it soon !! Address can be send to my mail <email> We boolze team will be happy to find you all so we can send you your device soon Thank you all from boolze team !!! Hanan I got my Boolze, too! I got a black one, which is perfect. It ships from Tel Aviv, Israel, so I imagine it takes quite awhile after sending your shipping address via email. BUT I GOT IT! Thank you for delivering! The shipping cost looks like it's almost as much as what I paid. I got my Boolze today! But I got a red one instead of a black Boolze. That's o.k. even I like black more and it don't fit to my bike. At least a colour option is more expensive than the black edition. :D For people who not receive their product: Sent an email to <email> with all necessary infos. Still a strange way to collect the addresses and ship the rewards... Sounds like the creator has done the runner with all the cash and not made any reasonable effort to deliver on this project. We have no choice but to start legal proceedings as sending our address hasn't proved anything nor have they provided a response. Over two weeks and heard/received nothing. We need to start a lawsuit as this is has got too ridiculous now. SCAMstarter same as SCAMgogo I dont think we will get the Boolze Emailed shipping address. Please share the tracking number. Emailed too. Strange way to get the addresses. O.o Re-emailed as didn't go through first time Emailed you Emailed the address. Let's see what happens now Hi to all of our backers!! On behalf of Boolze I wish to disclose the issue of delivering you the device you have purchased with big apology!! Give us a chance to fix our image !! To do so I wish to ask all of you how want us to deliver him/her the device please send me you me your address to my mail below!! And we will send it with in the next few days !' My mail is :<email> We hope to get all of you guys address soon so we can deliver it SOS !!! Boolze team Hanan!! So this was there reply: Thanks for writing in. We’re really sorry this experience has been so frustrating for you. Ultimately, creators are responsible for their own behavior — from communication and engagement to fulfillment — and while we can and do enforce our terms of use, we can’t force anyone to actually write their book or send off their designs to the manufacturer. A big part of Kickstarter’s mission is to support creative freedom and independence; we don’t step into the actual creative process itself. If you have any suggestions for what might turn this situation around for you, or something you think might work with this creator, please let us know. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope this helps. Please let me know if you have any more questions. Not to stir the pot, but Ronen Michael, original creator of the project and I suspect the only person who can access resources about backer surveys, hasn't logged in since June 2015 :-/ I have asked kickstarter to explain to the people running this project how to send out the backer survey's as this is where they will get the shipping info which they say they are waiting for. Let's see what kickstarter does now. Also proving this is a complete scam lying and stating their waiting on information from Kickstarter when in fact they are not. These types of campaigns end up leaving us with sour tastes in our mouthes where I no longer want to find any more Kickstarter projects to help fund. The following message from Hanan is a joke: "RL hi thanks for you comment I will take your suggestion and put a link to photo via home page We ask the kickstarter to send us a list of the backers name and address so we can send the reward as soon as we get the list we are ready with the product!!" We need the survey's to be sent out for you to get our addresses as mentioned in the comment below by Kickstarter: Kickstarter does not keep backers' shipping addresses on file - instead, each project collects your address on an individual, as-needed basis. It does not appear that this project has sent out surveys yet to collect this information. I see that we did reach out to this creator recently, and they mentioned that had some delays with manufacturing but that they are planning to ship out rewards soon. We have encouraged this creator to make that clear directly, themselves, to backers like you. I'm sorry that you haven't heard more from them yet. I'd definitely recommend reaching out to them again and seeing if it's possible to receive a more accurate delivery estimate. Thanks again for all the patience you've shown this project so far. I'd suggest we start a new KickStarter campaign with goal to find the organisers of this campaign with prizes of different sorts of punishment for every responsible person. Also I suggest creating some kind of organization inside Kickstarter which will monitor the progress for some smalll fee. What do you guys think? @Hanan Still awaiting contact regarding the reward. There's been no information and if you are awaiting the list surely we should have received an email to confirm shipping information. I want my money back RL hi thanks for you comment I will take your suggestion and put a link to photo via home page We ask the kickstarter to send us a list of the backers name and address so we can send the reward as soon as we get the list we are ready with the product!! @Hanan, just curiously. Why information from you after July? Why @Creator dont post by himself? For the photo, @Creator can upload to FB/twitter or website and post the link here, why dont do that? Finally, when will we get the reward? Hi to all Boolze backers !! Boolze team wish to say to all of you that we are not lying or trying to as some of backers has posted we truly had manufacturing problems has I on behalf of boolze team posted before we are goin to send the device to all of you soon !!! I did not post a photo just because I did not know how to do this through the comments page!! Sorry for that !! I think one more Scam project at KS. Hope will not going to another platform IGG. Latest reply from KS: Thank you for the follow-up and sorry to hear that you haven't heard back from the creator. When we find that people are abusing the system or the trust of others, we do not hesitate to suspend their account or restrict certain account privileges, like launching another project. We have a dedicated Integrity Team that monitors our system and reviews reports that we receive from our community. While we can’t speak to the nature of specific projects that have been approved or declined, we’re constantly working on improving our vetting process for creators and we are grateful for the feedback that folks like you provide. We expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. sometimes things just go wrong. It doesn’t even require a “scam” — usually, it’s a case of someone launching into an ambitious creative process and simply falling short. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Don't think KS are helpful as this is the response I got: Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’ve reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon Is there a legal way to get a refund or make a complaint to KS? No updates. This is my 3rd project that don't deliver. I'm done with this Ks bs I was very concerned 2 days before this got funded when there was only $2,000 pledged then all of a sudden wham it was funded. Now no updates what so ever. Swing and a miss. Take your lumps and move on. This is a joke and the lack of communication is making me nervous. I would like a refund and if not I will have to take matters into my own hands. There's been no official updates and no survey to suggest delivering any time soon. Please organise me a refund immediately. Just posting out poorly written comments to the few people who come here isn't really a true update. It is an apology. Send out a real update so everyone can see you aren't just wasting our time. Maybe with photos or something to actually prove things are going forward. Hi to all !! As I have already did apologized in my last comment I do send you all again my deep apology for our long delay !!! It is only because we have had some manufacturing problem but with that I am happy to say that it is ok now we are about to have the product deliver to us some time next week and soon after that we will deliver it to you !!! We are kindly asking you to forgive us for the delay we will do our best to send you your device as soon as possible!!! Kind regards!! Boolze team!!!! I'd very much appreciate an update right now. In my eyes this is overdue.. Hi, I would like a refund please. I no longer need this product as I have purchased another device holder due to the rather long delay. I would be more forgiving and patient if you had kept us up to date without having users chasing you up on it. Regards, Nick August 4, there is an update stating production is finished, shipping from China in 5 days. That is over three weeks, enough time for a slow boat... Now, about August 19, they hope to get product shipped from China soon. When is the product shipping from China, and then to us? Now i am curious who is the creator of Boolze? Ronen Michael? Hanan (backer)? or Saar Harari (previous project) Hi to all !!! Pleas allow me to apologize for our late response and our late action with delivering your device!! As you probably all know we have asked for you support so we can go for manufacturing and thanks to you all we have successfully did even do it tooks us a longer time then we have plan and for that we are truly sorry!! This week we are about to get our first shipment out of the factory and as soon as we get it we are going to deliver it to you we truly appreciate your tolerance and we will do all in our power to not have this kind of delay in the future Boolze team!!!!! I dont want to say that, but it look like a S??M. :( You guys should send out since updates to your backers. It kind of annoying to have to come and search of your comments for basic info. Come on guys! Get your act together. We should expect updates at each gate you suggest as to what is going on. We shouldn't need to comment to get an update, especially when it's well overdue. If we aren't expecting a delivery we should expect our money back. <url>"4.5 sm" (viewable here: <url>", how does it fit on the road bike handlebar which has a diameter of 31.8mm (~1.25")? If the clamp can stretch, what exactly is the range of sizes the clamp can safely work on? This is probably one of the most important pieces of information yet hardly any notion of it can be found. what is the clamp diameter? I would like to echo Joseph's question about it working with cases. I have a Seidio case on my iPhone. Will this work with my otterbox iPhone case? ??? What if I want 2 how can I get them with the early bird special. Also on a side note this is amazing I'm a biker and every time I change phones I need by a new holder for my bike. @Creator, what size of the suction (dia)?