What a pipedream that project was, ha? InsideOut tracking is now the focus of the industry. Lost money, lost my nerves, lost my patience, my graduation project for VR tracking, and my trust in Kickstarter. But got proof this site is for scamming people. I still enjoy VR using my quest 2 and still got a job after graduating as a developer for a good startup. Now, I all forget about this 600$ I lost. I suggest you stop commenting here and move on. I wish you all well and screw those guys who ripped us off. Really I hope they got what they deserve. Bye forever. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. what a waste of money this was.. I come here sometimes to see hopeful people trying to ask for their money mack As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Hey we made it on to Slopes Game Room as people who got screwed!!!! I use a unique email address for Kickstarter and this was only one of two Kickstarters I've funded thus far, that unique email address is now getting spam. Either Kickstarter had a data leak or the personal data leaked from the creator of one of the two projects I backed. I contributed $600US to this 4 1/2 years ago. The 'Reward no longer available' message in my donation tier is not an explanation - it is a crime. Like many of us, I posted the legal statement that should resolve this nonsense, to no avail. To the 'The Control VR Team', know that this will dog you for the rest of your life. You put up a baseless project, and stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from well-meaning people. We're not forgetting. Looking at the right of my screen, this is for support, feedback, and being constructive. Okay, think I tick all those boxes for me and all your backers, you've yet to step up to those lofty goals. I'll check back here every time I support legitimate campaigns, sometimes tardy in their projections, but that's okay. Difference is - THEY CARE. I'm hoping you see the disgust in all this and genuine hope that you recompense us, though consider me pessimistic. If there's ANY lawyers, etc (I'm not one myself) in this debacle, please step up. I'm sure you'd have a good case, and lots of genuine support. I wish everyone who's been scammed by this company the best. Take care. You're not alone В соответствии с условиями предоставления услуг, действовавшими на момент запуска этого проекта (<url>я хотел бы потребовать полного возмещения залога в размере 600 долларов. Согласно условиям предоставления услуг, «Создатель проекта не обязан удовлетворять запрос Бэкера о возврате, если только Создатель проекта не может или не желает получить вознаграждение. Создатели проекта обязаны выполнить все вознаграждения за свои успешные кампании по сбору средств или возврат средств». Любой покровитель, чье вознаграждение они не выполняют или не могут выполнить. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. :-) As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." so no group law suits? As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This makes me feel kickstarter is a scam. Kickstarter should at least refund us the cut they took. Not cool. They are literally contributing to the scam. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. This user's account has been deleted. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." What are you guys even up to? At least the other non-deliverers from the VR controller train wrecks have tried to give updates. This whole mess just feels fraudulent. I'm throwing my hat in with everyone else here: As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As other have stated, I too would like a refund of my $630.00. Thanks. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Ouch As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Mares eat oats and does eat oats and little lambs eat ivy. A kid'll eat ivy, too; wouldn't you? As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." anyone know what the next step is As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I can't edit my comment and I realize it was unclear, what I meant to say was I would have never backed this kickstarter if it wasn't for the prototype that seemed to prove they were actually going to deliver on this kickstarter, but it was a complete lie, it was somebody elses $20,000 product or something like that, not a prototype, they made so many claims about waiting for specific parts etc for the units we were waiting for, but that was just more lies. This is not ok. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Considering they completely lied about their non-existant prototype and then fell off the face of the earth, this is not a good faith effort to fulfill this kickstarter. Had i known that the prototype they kept talking about actually never existed and was in fact somebody elses very expensive product, this is a complete scam and I want my money back Has anybody attempted to make a dispute through amazon for this charge? Considering we never received the item it meets the conditions to get a refund via them. As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (https: //www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use /oct2012), I would like to request a full refund of my $630 pledge. According to the terms of service, "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I totally agree that something should be done. I have made comments regarding the info that ive gathered about who did what in the company as well as who is in charge. Feel free to try and get in touch I also linked to his facebook account as well as a page that has info to his company. The guy in charge is Alexander Sarnoff. stephen roberts, respectfully, aside - seems time for legal action, 1000+ strong. Anyone up for initiating it? As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (https: //www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use /oct2012), I would like to request a full refund of my $630 pledge. According to the terms of service, "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." You bastards Dear ControlVr I don't wish for,my money back. You win some, you lose some. Merry Xmas As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (https: //www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use /oct2012), I would like to request a full refund of my $630 pledge. According to the terms of service, "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (https: //www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use /oct2012), I would like to request a full refund of my $630 pledge. According to the terms of service, "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." If anyone still monitors this Kickstarter, as per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Anyone hear anything about this company and what happened? I see a bunch of the request for refund comments piling up on here which I doubt will result in anything. Given there website is down and last official update was 2015, I don't see much support happening. Anyone know anything? As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." As per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Anybody had any luck contacting the creator about this? Same here - Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. They were talking about a new management team and stuff... so where did all of this research go? Did it just go to the trash or go to another company or what. If anyone still monitors this Kickstarter, as per the terms of service in effect when this project was launched (<url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Those bastard liers! Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I would also like my money back, I will never forget this fraud. When do you refund us? I would also like my money back, I will never forget this fraud. For as long as I live all people involved will be in my radar In this project Kickstarter's concept movie fraud project is relatively old, I think that it is the original. And the amount of damage per backer is expensive. The Washington state court should also not be satisfied with the performance of a small card game project litigation. I think that if they help with the case of this project they will be able to obtain more effective fraud deterrent effect. I wonder why do I still bother to look here from time to time ;). Kind of sad... Hi Eli, I have been in contact with a few people and I was told that Alex is currently living in Glendale Calafornia, I have found a public website which lists his company as well as its associated address which appears to be in Glendale as well. If your able to go there or "rock the boat" that would be amazing for every body involved. Anyway here is the information that I found. <url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Dear creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use as well: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Still mad about this. remember this ? <url>"Soundband Hybra" has made this,let's make a similar one too,U.S. backers,now it's your turn!We backers from other countries are backing you! Adding my name to this list..... Excellent read: <url># "Hybra backers have filed at least 30 formal complaints with the Federal Trade Commission and three with the Michigan Attorney General’s office" It's not too late to add your formal complaint: Consolidated List of People Who Have Filed a Complaint With the FTC. Just go to: <url>"reaping what you sow" 27. Mr. B, USA 26. Howard Moorey, UK 25. John Meksyphet, USA 24. David Campbell, USA 23.Lee Teck Koon, Singapore 22. Stephen Kac, USA 21. Benedikt Dressler, Germany 20. Magdalena Lorentz, Germany 19. Mark Nordlund, USA 18. Page Chen, USA 17. Chris Hogan, Canada 16. BJ Van Gundy, USA 15. Jackie Cane, US 14. Ian Howell, Canada 13. mikuri naoya, japan 12. WEN CHENG ,Taiwan 11. HT Bottoms 10. Pascal Forget, Canada 9. Kevin Ooi, SG 8. James Oon 7. Ron Cashman 6. Bart Tuteleers 5. Dave H USA 4. Tyson Edwards, USA 3. Paul Christopher, USA 2. Hampus Haara, Sweden 1. Jeanette Davis, UK I want a refund! <url>"Hover Junkers". @Hamza, the Stress Level Zero guys (Brandon,...) don't communicate because they claim they have zero responsibility in this. They say they were merely "contractors" and not the ones pulling the strings. This is dishonest imo because it's clear they were totally 100% involved in pitching this thing like they were the ones driving it. <url>"As far as I'm concerned, the only legitimate complaint against us is the price. Unfortunately, the cost of the sensors, manufacturing, SDK etc...costs about $597 dollars each. If I lowered the price we wouldn't be able to deliver, unfortunately many Kickstarters take this route...I assure you, we're actually going to be able to deliver these. Personally I'd rather start with a high price and do it right rather then going for a cheap half measure. We need to insist in VR's infancy that we don't take shortcuts. As far as latency, accuracy, etc...I guarantee we're equal or better then every other option out there for years to come." <url>"As I've mentioned we're gamers (at least most of us) not business people (at least most of us). We want a solid, badass, immersive vr controller more than anyone so we're going to make it work. We know there have been countless bullshit tech kickstarters in the past but thats why we're willing to let people try it and we'll show more videos than just some guy jumping around kicking zombies then never show anything else..." The only reason to keep a Kickstarter account at this point is for record of the company that screwed us. Like others have said, we have reported this project (last year) and heard nothing back from Kickstarter. Through a dispute that ended without any refund, our bank Chase even contacted Kickstarter and Amazon. If you're able to get a refund at this point, consider yourself the luckiest person alive. It's up to all of us to make sure the rules are changed so backers don't get screwed in the future although we have no intention on backing anything here again after our last backed projects deliver... or not. We should not let this go. If we do, we only encourage other companies to stretch out a promised delivery date beyond the point of being able to receive a refund. Your bank and Amazon are not knowledgeable of how projects work so we aren't really protected. Even if it is true that they are trying to get the company going again, what does that do for all the backers? We are seeking to take any legal action we can and will post any significant updates here. So I got some information from my friend. She has been in contact with Ali. Apparently there is a legal dispute over who is the president and has control of ~95% of the company and they are threatening each other. This is between John Flanagan and Alex Sarnoff. Apparently though Alex.S is still trying really hard to get the company going again. This isnt really news but it is info on what is going on currently. OK Hamza I reported ... Kickstarter is dead for me ... As previously said so many times, we have reported over and over, and even emailed kickstarter. Kickstarter DOES NOT CARE. When you click 'I Agree' you are agreeing to the risk associated. We are fucked, you just have to suck it up. We were straight up scammed. Please everyone report this project just scrol down on the main page and hit the report button. I think we are being scammed here big time. We have the right to get status updates and transparency. How come Brandon is working in other projects while he has to finish this project? No communication @ all to us backers. If everyone complains maybe we wil get some action from kickstarter team. Well, at least those guys are having fun with our kickstarter money: <url>" mark) Kickstarter is supporting crime here ! I will never back anything and I was a "major" backer before ... We have all reached out to kickstarter. Kickstarter doesn't care... remember when you clicked 'I agree' a couple times? ... yeah @FR3D I wrote a support ticket to KS,but I don't believe it will work.Anyway,let's try to do something instead of endless waiting. You never wanted to ship Control VR ! I want my money back !!!!!! how to inform kickstarter regarding this project? The guys of Control VR have stolen our money and nothing happens here ? Shame on Kickstarter they are criminal too if they spport companies like this one ... This project showed a great technique of the next generation Kickstarter fraud following the CG fraud. First of all they will buy expensive professional equipment. Then they are to impersonate it to the prototype. And they get away with the gathered money to the project. 630$ from France. Thanks you guys... si quelqu'un a aussi pledgé depuis la France... on peut faire quelque chose ou bien juste pleurer? Hi ControlVR. Could you provide an update on when I might receive my digital thankyou for backing your project for $10. This is the biggest (most expensive) flop for me personally on Kickstarter (sadly not the only project that didn't deliver but up til now certainly the one that cost me the most money without getting anything back. I guess I'll have to be more careful with technology projects - if they fail it's just so much money down the drain. I'm so glad I also backed the Oculus Rift, which has overdelivered... Peter, we are "suckers" not "backers" Can you please send an email to all backers informing that you will not be going ahead with this project. Thank you. The "Control VR" fiasco made me decide to never again pledge on kickstarter. Yay, so it definitely feels like I am one of many who lost a lot of money. Goodbye $630, thanks a bunch guys. :( The VRLA Expo is coming up in a couple of weeks. If there was any chance to hear or see anything from these guys it would be at this I would expect. Especially since they are from LA. Here is a link <url>#inertiallabs.com #synertial.com You guys better not show your faces at any VR events. Scammers Hey, Thats great news for you. I got promised one as well. Could you give a bit more details on what you had to do to get the refund? Did you just contact your bank? are they able to put that through even tho it was 15 months ago? Hi Guys! Good News for you, maby. Control VR promised me a refund in early 2015, but never payed me back as promised. I went to VISA, and complained on the transaction not beeing refunded as promised to me. VISA complied, i got all my money back! (i didnt complain about not getting my controlvr, but the company not giving me the promised refund, this worked for me) - I wish you the best of luck too. - Odd Arne Roll, Norway. They could at least respond a-holes I'd second this request. How were the funds spent. We deserve a detailed account. I also want to know what equipment was used in the kickstarter demo videos. Was it a commercial unit that had been adapted? I asked before and I'll ask again. Where and how did you spend the Kickstarter funds? You owe us transparency on the accounting of the ~$440k at least, even if we never see what was envisioned. Wow. What a mess. You need to scroll down through this list of comments extensively to get the creator messages, then flip over to redit, mainly here <url>#QwcSEXboxSqU This has happened before and also it was this year, <url>"creators". igs glloves shown as current state of product during kickstart is full advertising imo. [ legal definition: "Any advertising or promotion that misrepresents the nature, characteristics, qualities or geographic origin of goods, services or commercial activities" (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.A. § 1125(a)) ]. Who is in control of this Kickstarter account? The "Creator" comments are not attributed to any specific person. Do you have any comment on Ali Kord's statement published on Reddit? Why were the backers not informed of the major updates regarding the viability of the technology until now? The stories are too convoluted. Anything that gets like this should be cleared through the courts as there is obvious, ass covering verbal diarrhea in those reddit emails that are just trying to cover their asses. I enjoyed this comment: –]DrEscray 2 points 40 minutes ago I just have one remaining question. In this update vid posted to the controlVR youtube account in June this year: <url>"Keep in mind now that we are trying to do the right thing here, and believe we can restructure things in a way where we can at least make sure the community doesn't get screwed over. We certainly are going to make every effort to make this happen." still a possibility we could get what we ordered at some point in the future then?, I have a outdoor, mobile project that could greatly benefit from a system like this, <email> I would not say that this project deliberately defrauded backers, but I am not surprised by the outcome. Control-VR missed good opportunities to get publicity and attract investors after the Kickstarter campaign has officially ended. If Control-VR's technology was working on a prototype level, then Oculus Connect 2014, CES 2015 and E3 2015 would have been golden opportunities to get more funding and to attract support from the VR developer community. A Kickstarter project that is on track can only benefit from timely and frequent updates to the backer community. A clear record of achievements during the backer phase only helps to attract further investments and to gain a critical mass from the developer community to steer the industry towards inertial- rather than optical tracking. A developer forum would have been the minimal first step required to engage with the developer community in my opinion. I want to thank Control-VR for proving to me that optical- rather than inertial tracking is the better solution for VR. Quiet the opposite outcome Control-VR hoped to achieve, but a useful result never the less. Some advice for next time: communicate. The reason why anger/frustration grows is when they don't know what is going on. Your communication over this kickstarter has been atrocious. Even this post - why is it in the comments section and not on the updates? All the kickstarter guidelines on top of common sense dictate that regular and honest communication with backers is essential. Perhaps you felt there were more important/urgent things to do than keep your community onside/managed/informed. I hope you see the error of your ways and maintain much better contact with backers and an active presence in the VR/enthusiast community next time round. I don't know about anyone else, but I never expected a final consumer version to be sent to me. What I expected was a dev version. In fact I was under the assumption that you would try do what the Oculus Rift did and roll out devkit versions or firmware revisions. The technical issues that you mentioned now would have been information gold to us months ago. Most of us here would have accepted that the IMU's needed maintenance after a few months due to degradation but we would've still wanted it regardless. Having it meant that we could tackle the issues as a community. Instead you kept it all behind closed doors and tried to solve it on your own. Provide us with the version that you had that broke down later, nobody cares. We want the early prototype version to work with. Nobody was buying this as an end product. Get your money together and deliver something that does what you showed in your videos. If that product fails 6 months down the track nobody will care since we were only expecting to have the product for 6-12 months before getting consumer versions! Coming in with 1 comment now saying that everybody should be happy and calm and wait is total bullshit after you spent over $400k without telling anybody at all how it was being spent or the status of the project. A lawsuit would force you to be open in regards to what the money was used for. Just like oculus, the kickstart is only a portion of costs. Your companies can sustain following through. Most of us who invested are very savvy and can under stand the maintenance of imu sensors and the affects of magnetism on them. Considering you have 10-20 years experience with these imu according to your website, you should have had no"horrific " realizations. Why was everything always on track? Funny the big surprise, just popped up. You hide your product in expensive vr gloves saying that this is your prototype. It was a lie, you deceived us. It was not until later and documented here that they were igs gloves. You knew what was required to operate those gloves. You guys mentioned getting a U.S. Prototypes which were never seen either. Your communication during the Kickstarter sucked and only happened when people started filing complaints Do you not see how people feel duped? I suggest everyone complain through Amazon and through your credit card company. Sign up for every possible kickstart for one dollar and do a complaint for this kickstart there. @Andreas I know how Kickstarter works. I'm not sure where in my comment I displayed that I misinterpreted it. I was just pointing out that this campaign is a fraud, and Kickstarter should pay attention to it. Fund* Kickstarter does do phased fun releases on large projects. And the prototype that was shown to us and trade shows as the current state of the project was a lie. The company used there existing 20k with of hardware that they already sell on the market. We were lied to during different stages as well, such as batches being manufactured etc etc This is more than a failed kickstart, This is a business who ripped us off. or someone should sue kickstarter for being a money laundering operation as thats what they are doing. For them to use there T&C as a get out of jail free clause is questionable in the UK T&C cant negate Consumer protection laws. If you contact KS and ask for payment information as in who they have given your money to they refuse citing user privacy , they take a % of the money for this service so they a profiting from/offering a service that obscures the payment of funds to 3rd parties = money laundering. Silk Road was doing the same thing and we know what happened to them. If you could prove that a recipient of KS funds had been used to buy a controlled substances you would have a strong case :-) @Think Heavy, Nick Anderson, D. Russell, Michael Pearl, Robert, Mike Johanson: You really backed quite a few projects on Kickstarter and still don't know how this site works? I suggest you read up immediately. Kickstarter does not keep any funds for projects. Once the project is over, they transfer all of the money to the project creator (minus 5% they keep for hosting the project and about 5% for the credit card processing). They do not claim to be responsible for any outcome of any project. Further, projects are NOT vetted any more (haven't been for a few years now). Even before that, they were only vetted for obvious scams and stuff they don't want on their site (like porn). ControlVR did not violate any of their rules, so it would have been allowed in any case. If you want your money back (I sure do!), you have to sue Synertial. There's no other way. This is fraud. Kickstarter pay attention to this one. Literally the opening line on the Kickstarter page states "We at Control VR are excited to share our unique technology with you". The fact is they have been demoing and existing product that costs over $10k for each glove. <url>"management team". Hi prospective investor we have miss managed the funds we raised on kickstarter even though we raised nearly twice what we needed, have nothing to show for it but this unfinished prototype. Good luck with that you will need more than a new management team for the new scam. I want a refund or I'll take this thing to court. This is my 30 days official notice Hell,another impossible project I backed on Kickstarter after the Sound Band. Well the numbers speak by themselves: -Perception Neuron (Beijing, China): Funds $571,908 / Funded on September 2014 / Fulfilled after 11 months -Control VR (Los Angeles, CA): Funds $442,227 / Funded on July 2014 / Still not fulfilled after 13 months -PrioVR (Portsmouth, OH): Funds $322,103 / Funded on March 2014 / Still not fulfilled after 17 months I can’t judge the progress of this (or other) campaign as there are many factors involved (such as labor in the US is much more expensive than there in China) and there are just so many risks involved with pioneering in the development of such technology. This is BS the partners on this project have the funds to deliver. We want the igs gloves in the demo. You did not give updates as you promised. At Least give us all the R&D the project "supposedly did" sowe can continue with our own projects. Kickstarter! If there are any unreleased funds I expect them back. "Dear Kickstarter Community, we are grateful for your trust and patience in our project. We understand that many, if not everyone, are frustrated at the pace of development and delivery schedule. Unfortunately, after many months of doing everything in our powers to develop, refine, and deliver on our Kickstarter promise - the project cannot be fulfilled without significant organizational restructure and additional financial investment. To ensure success, we are actively recruiting a new management team and are in ongoing talks with potential investors. We hope to put into place a new management team and raise the necessary capital in the coming months. " I hope Kickstarter is paying attention. I certainly will not fund any future projects. There was an illusion that projects were vetted to some extent by their association with Kickstarter. It appears rather that this is the best way to launch a scam. So when can I expect my refund? I've been told that the listed office has been vacated some time ago. What is going on?!? Posted on 8/28/2015 7:17 AM Pacific Time If you haven't done so already, please take a moment to report this project to Kickstarter using the "Campaign" link at the top of this page left of "Updates". Scroll down to the bottom of the page and use the "Report this Project" link. Unfortunately a user can only report this project once. Please report this kickstarter if you havnt already. That's how kickstarter knows not to release the next batch of funds(I think??) This really sucks, fking kickstarter BS The gloves that were used in the demo were igs $10,000 gloves(each I think) If you scroll down, creator admits it. I have a quote from the company for these gloves, that's why I previously brought it up. Creator mentioned an update in May. I assume kickstart has not released all the funds as nothing is shipped yet. I believe there are stages of fund release. If Kickstarter is holding our funds and creator is, as mentioned below, running from the law, then Kickstarter is liable for getting our funds back. This is BS id of been happy with the prototype to i can do the rest of the dev work myself. gues ill just have to start building it from scratch Jazza, I'm very inexperienced in law, could you provide some insight as to how the other backers can support this lawsuit? I agree Max. I work in aerospace and even at the level of fidelity shown in the demos (assuming they were even real) would have suited our application fine. I know we'd still be open to have the I.P. released under some sort of license even at this point. The most disappointing thing about this is that the product as originally envisaged and demonstrated (probably) won't appear. That's what we all wanted to receive and bought into and I don't see any reason why it couldn't have happened given who was originally involved and what's been demonstrated in various videos and at meetings. We're finalising our preparations to file suit in the District of California as we've had no response. I don't care about projects that failed due to identified risks but I do care about fraud and deceit. Kickstarter needs to provide more protection to backers especially given the percentage of funds they take from successful projects. There is a major discrepancy between the level of service provided to backers and projects compared with the level of funds taken from them. The "Report Project" functionality is practically useless especially given it can only be used once per project, at least give us more than that. <url>"stating they want to post an update" They "want" to? That doesn't really cut it anymore. Since Gentee commented that Control VR emailed back stating they want to post an update, I would like Control VR to have a transparent AMA on reddit to get back our trust. <url>’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Travis Shawn Adams Aug 17, 10:09 PM I'm doing some research about a Kickstarter campaign by Control VR. Apparently they bilked half a million dollars out of your users. We've found numerous campaigns that have similar circumstances, putting the fraud numbers into billions of dollars. Do you have any comment re: restitution for your users? Wow. So Synertial (and Ali Kord?) got severed in September? He was listed as co-CTO of Control VR. If you scroll down to the April 9th posts, you'll see Joseph J Lazar ask if Ali Kord had left Control VR, and Control VR outright deny it and say it was a bizarre concept. But that was months after Synertial and Control VR apparently split. That looks like an intentional lie to the backers. And the way that Laatsch / Stress Level 0 were hired to be the face of the kickstarter campaign, but then fired shortly after its success. This isn't just a project that went quiet when it ran into trouble... From these two cases, it looks like they've been deliberately lying to the backers about the state of the project for almost a year. We should've been told about those big changes in the team (splitting with Synertial and Stress Level Zero) back in September, when they happened. If they cut ties with Synertial almost a year ago, them maybe both companies need to update their website/this kickstarter page. There are still multiple people on the controlVR kickstarter that are also listed at Synertial. And in the other direction, there is a person appearing currently on the Synertial website appears prominently in this recent-ish controlVR demo vid that was posted on youtube 2 months ago: <url>"I know it feels like we've gone dark. A public update will be coming in the next week. We can not allow more time to go by without providing information to our community. Please stay patient and we are extremely sorry for the lack of communication recently." Ali at Synertial also replied to my form submission, noting that CVR severed ties with them in Sept 2014. My email to <email> over a fortnight ago has also gone unanswered. I have just sent a request for contact to Synertial via their website form. If that has no effect then possibly approaching Synertial via their public Facebook page is another option to push for some response from their partner. this is sad. I really believed in them , I wanted to develop with this tech and it to be my graduation project for my Computer Science degree. don't worry , we found something else to work on. but it still hunts me that I spent 600$ for nothing... and I will probably never visit this site ever again. good luck good people. SynertialSynertial replied to my email and said they have recently moved their office to Emeryville. Since Synertial shares the same address as ControlVR, it's worth giving them a call. At the very least they can pass the phone over to the ControlVR team. This is the number that Synertial listed for their LA office. +1 (800) 676-4380 I took a look at Synertial Products just now, and I have a bad feeling they're just going to ship us their IGS-320 minus a few tracking pieces. Since they don't seem to be promising any latency specs, I feel like the latency won't be improving over their demos in the past. These are just speculations, but I with the lack of information, and the post that Brandon made on reddit, I am losing a lot of faith in ControlVR. I will be reporting this kickstarter as well if they still don't reply by the end of August. anyone try emailing Synertial, its the same people working there, they list the same suite address in LA on both sites. I emailed the backers email last week, nothing. someone try emailing their new partner <email> I emailed that address on July 15th ..nothing If they actually were keeping some backers updated through email, then I'm sure somebody here would have mentioned it. But lets check: for those of you that emailed ControlVR through <email>, have they sent you anything at all since their last update here? If you are no longer using Kickstarter to keep your backers up to date and inform them of issues and news, you need to issue an update on Kickstarter on the appropriate way for backers to stay up to date with the project. Starts at 9:18 | Install the chrome extension here for a UK proxy <url>"January 2015 - Control VR Radius joins forces with Control VR to develop explorable worlds with mocap gloves and 3D audio." So, Control VR is now partners with <url>"Report to Kickstarter" link. Although given the lack of updates recently, I think it's probably too late. As an outsider, it seems to me like things fell apart after ControlVR broke off their connection with Brandon Laatsch / StressLevelZero. Laatsch & co were great at engaging with backers and prospective backers on Reddit, Youtube, Twitter, etc. As compared to the engagement effort after they left, which has been sparse and low-content. In particular... Some of the ControlVR demo videos by Laatsch & co are why I backed this project in the first place. Even before the campaign ended, It looked like they already had a great system, and were willing to have doubters on Reddit stop by their office to try it. They knew that lag was a concern, and were willing to do demos and post videos (simultaneously showing in-game and real-world) to demonstrate that it worked. Compare that to the first of the two videos we saw in the last update, where the camera was positioned to only show the screen and not the person wearing the sensors. That makes me doubt that the system is now not as responsive as it needs to be. If it were otherwise, it seems like they would really want to show both the in-game and real-world footage simultaneously - it'd be a great demonstration. I really don't get how the project has seemingly taken so many steps backwards over the last year. Of the 33 project I have backed backed so far, this is the ONE that I really wanted to succeed. All but 2 have been delivered, and I starting to feel this is one of those 2 that never going to happend. Maybe they run out of money, maybe some sort of misscalculation. This silence speaks for it self. no mail response from you guys time to contact my creditcard company for refund Please update. If there is another delay, we would like to hear the news as soon as possible. Please let us know how the SDK is coming together, and what the current prototype looks like. We've still got until the end of August if we're waiting for the SDK and units. Even if I don't get my unit soon, having the SDK as a target will be very useful (though it will be hard to test without the hardware!) I'm still patient since I've been waiting this long for my unit and I can wait a little longer if need be. However, it would be nice to see some more evidence of the hardware in the wild, even if it's more things like the BBC link @Joseph J Lazarr posted further below. Ok, it's time to get nervous. Creator > Will you be providing refunds for backers who find the continued delays and lack of communication unacceptable? Time to sharpen the pitchforks again Is anyone here a lawyer by chance? I don't know what you guys do all day Update please Oculus Connect 2 would be another great opportunity for Control-VR to engage with the VR developer community and to prove that the current prototype exists and is working satisfactory. This is literally the last chance to get free publicity before the consumer version of the Rift will arrive in Q1'16. You should have recieved the prototype already! Show us some videos! Be respectful and considerate... Controllers for consumer VR is on the market soon and you haven't shown us anything of interest while others are on tour with their hardware. Please update <url>"kevinw729" <url>#6. Still, please do yourselves the favor and actually keep us up to date. Nobody is asking for weekly updates, but you should find the time to report here once or twice a month, not once per quarter. Thanks for the update, appreciated. Thanks for the detailed update. I appreciate the effort to make this a better device and don't mind the delay at all. Good luck! I think the should be giving feedback here @mike,I love your positivity. I just wish they communicated better!! they are clearly using igs gloves in the demo prototypes. Have you got a quote for a pair of the cheapest igs gloves... I did, IGS-Glove-7 Wireless: $ 9,950 IGS-Glove-12 Wired: $ 13,650 IGS-Glove-12 Wireless: $ 18,900 And I believe that was each. The igs guys had teamed up for the kickstarter, so maybe the offered a great deal with some volumes. I think it's unfortunate they have not reached their original deadline, but I won't be reporting anybody because what these people are working on is amazing and they've added support for more sensors, leg and feet sensors since the original launch, which I think constitutes a reason for delay. This isn't the LIFX lightbulb, this is actual groundbreaking consumer technology. If I get something on par to a LIFX lightbulb and it takes me a year to get it, I will report them as many times as I can, but I could tell the LIFX people were full of crap from day 1 and I'm pretty sure the Control VR people are not full of crap, unless those prototypes they were showing off are much better than what we're getting, but they claimed the prototypes were made from the same tech we would recieve. the real stuff for control VR ,here it comes, additional costs when worldwide delivery , but its possible <url>"updates" by Control-VR were triggered by backers reporting the project to Kickstarter. If you want to help please report this project to Kickstarter if you haven't done so before: To report this project for 'post funding issues' to Kickstarter please click 'Story' on the menu bar above; scroll down to "Report this Project". Not providing updates violates the terms of use for this platform: <url>"progress" or "advertising" video will be acceptable at this point. However, if you guys can answer Robert's questions, that would help alot! Perception Neuron is on the ball when it comes to this stuff...they are doing a fantastic job. @Robert: What can we do about this, in the event that they do not deliver? Is there any way we can get our money back? @Control-VR: Without concrete information about the project's status the update is just as meaningless as the previous one. As a first step in improving communication with the backers, can you please answer following questions: Which milestones have been achieved and which have not? For what reasons have milestones not been achieved? What changes have been made to achieve all milestones till spring 2015? How does the 'spring 2015' delivery estimate break down into milestones the backers can track? What is the status of the SDK and when will it be made available? When will the user forum open that will allow us to collaborate on this technology? If Q1'15 is the target date for a refined prototype it is impossible to have production of 1k units done at the same time. Why don't you make a realistic plan and share it with us? Thanks! Thanks for the most recent update! Looking forward to seeing the next version, and really glad to hear about the plan for increased attention to communication with backers. You must make an update with your plan to ship all items to all people who gave you their money and their support. Lack of updates is against kickstarter rules. If you don't make an update this week we will report it to kickstarter Anybody in LA want to pay them a visit? 8533 Sunset Blvd #202 Los Angeles, CA 90069 To report this project for 'post funding issues' to Kickstarter please click 'Story' on the menu bar above; scroll down to "Report this Project". Not providing updates violates the terms of use for this platform: <url>"December 3rd - All Kickstarter orders shipped to Amazon fulfillment centers"??? WTF no updates and no communication, only last update in Oct. The developers are escaping with our money! From the Story: "No backers will be left in the dark! Control VR is developing a community of users and developers. We will keep all backers updated on progress of the fund raising as well as the production and distribution of the product." Right. There's been a grand total of one update in the 5 months since the money was handed over. If you have bad news, please let us know and get it over with. It'd be better than leaving us in the dark considering you explicitly promised us you wouldn't leave us in the dark. I'd especially like to know what Brandon J Laatsch has to say about the state of this project and his role in it as "Director of Gaming". I would also love an update soon considering "December 3rd - All Kickstarter orders shipped to Amazon fulfillment centers". Would love to have an update soon. I would love an update as well we need a status update, not a new features video. We didnt ask for new features, just wanted what was originally advertised. Again, I offer to opt out of the body tracking if you just send me the igs gloves you were demonstrating with. I still have hopes for christmas! "The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." From: <url>"Report this Project". Not providing updates violates the terms of use for this platform: <url>"I guess we could have communicated better" doesnt hold up. Seriously, you owe us a big update, but even little status reports, like over at the Perception Neuron kickstart. To report this project for 'post funding issues' to Kickstarter please click 'Home' on the menu bar above; scroll down to "Report this Project". Not providing updates violates the terms of use for this platform: <url>"Strong update coming in next week - important events have required our dedicated attention and we’ve been committed to doing what is most significant for the growth of our technology and in turn our community. Attention. I assure you will prove to all be very exciting for Control VR long term and we are on a great path. You need not worry about the gloves not arriving - just worry about being ready to do something important with them as you will be among the first users with these powerful tools. " Looking forward to the update controlvr, thanks for the communication :) "Hello, everyone! We've been working hard on the Control VR system and are excited to share some updates with you this week. So stay tuned!" Sept 2nd 3 weeks later, and I think a lot of us are still tuned in, waiting eagerly for an update. Please controlvr.com, inertiallabs.com, synertial.com. Asking kindly. "We will be keep our supporters informed on our progress through the various phases of our development and production process, and will look to beat our guaranteed dates." So, how are the steps looking so far? Start updating us! Been following this new VR Company for awhile and they just launched a kickstarter for there new headset so you guys might wanna check it out! <url>"In LA we've been focusing on continuing to improve the performance in VR as we hybrid inertial and optical technology to verify the real world position of the hands and fingers." All the demos used igs gloves, thats what I had in mind when I invested in your kickstart. I read somewhere you were going optical for finger tracking, is this right? Awesome! thanks. Its been a month now, and no status updates. Anything would be great. I saw an image of someone using Control VR, how many people already have it? This technology would work amazingly with racing simulations, using these to track ur hands while using a VR headset and force feedback wheel and pedals, you'd literally be in the game. If anyone want to back also great device "Perception Neuron" please do it, they need your help to succeed the project. <url>áš Skála: Pozdravujem zo Belgicka/Holandska. Either way, back to English, the thing is, I am not saying it has to be 1:1, far from it, something like PrioVR or the STEM system works usably well. The problem is, with this you enter into a similar problem as the uncanny valley. Your brain actually believes it's controlling the fingers rather then the hand to put it like that, so when you try to grab something and the fingers start doing different things then what the brain is telling them to do it means trouble. Of course there are ways around it, but all of those mean that in the end you either need either peripherals or destroy the point of having gloves. Not to say there aren't any peripheral-less scenarios where tactile feedback is not that important, but I am just trying to get backers to reign in their expectations as people are now expecting sooo much more of Control VR than it will be able to deliver. @ David Kebuladze That's what I was thinking of for the finger tips. See how the gloves have less on end. The Control VR would be more sturdy yet less comfortable agreed on glove thing. Nice one on the video. And the video actually shows one (of many) questions I have. I really want the usage shown on video to be viable. Meaning glove working just like that. Without arm or that center (ugly) shoulder mechanism. I need just glove, connected to that center device if necessary which I get on my belt or anywhere. I don't need absolute position in this case. Just fingers relative to palm or wrist. Will that be possible? Can you use glove material like in this video, with semi transparent thin palm side: <url>"Big Screen" is just for onlookers, and is not what the actual users see (latency is the computer outputting to the external screen, not the controlVR). *(hdmi problem of that screen, it's not what they see in OR) Latency actually was discussed quite heavily since KS start (based on that video). And was said it's hdmi problem. They invited random guys from reddit to give it try and refer. Result video and discussion is here: <url>"Big Screen" isn't the same video stream that the user is seeing from within the oculus. Therefore its hard to say whether the latency in the video is actually what the users see. I assume its not as bad as it looks in the videos because there were no comments about it (Specifically the tested guys, who would be honest about it in my opinion). @jimbodean I'm also keen to test the latency directly as I think it will have a profound effect on immersion, although I have some comfort from the fact that nobody in the independent demo videos seems particularly bothered by it. I suspect the bulk of the overall latency will come from the Oculus anyway, which has the GPU pipeline to contend with. The raw IMU latency is likely to be small (sub-5ms) and everything else in between is "just software". @Rupert Rawnsley 100% agree. especially after watching the latest videos, and seeing what (to me) looks like noticeable latency. In fact I'm surprised it's not being discussed here a little more. They say it's not perceptibly greater than a keyboard, but man.. my eyes see something that looks like 50 - 100ms in those videos. To me, that should be one of (if not the) primary focus. Fellow backers: can we rein in our expectations a little? Let them get on with building what they promised as quickly as possible and remember that "stretch goals" are really just "feature creep" and will cause delays. If you really want a wireless version with haptic feedback and foot tracking, I would recommend waiting for the consumer version. One of my concerns about all of the VR input devices at the moment is longevity and how widely adopted they may become. For Control VR to be successful, we need developer adoption and a barrier to that is cost of entry (for developers and more importantly consumers). I think what you have done is fantastic and it is the top end of what is currently achievable, but am worried that I'll have yet another device which has limited support in software beyond a few tech demos. Initiatives like a common API for VR positional input devices are very important. I think one of the recent STEM updates talks about this. Perhaps there should be collaboration here? Finally, there have been some comments (elsewhere?) about the cost of the IMUs adding up to close to the cost of the product. If there is so little profit margin here, you are vulnerable to unexpected shocks. What is the primary driver for the Kickstarter? Is it to get noticed or for developer adoption? Do you have additional sources of funding or backing which will insulate you against any shocks? could we simulate indestructible pads? With this motion capture gloves, we could grasp and play with old pads with broken buttons, we cuold push a button anyway!! the software provide to set controls. is that possible? @Christian: as I said. Grabbing items just with two finger like you would grab lady bug is not that bad. And you have feedback, you feel the fingers. PLEASE strech goal wireless !!!!!! @Fleming Maybe a short buzz at your wrist could signify that you manage to grab something, so that you will directly know that the engine registred it. Otherwise its not so crucial with feedback in my opinion. @Fleming Yes, if find that even pulling the trigger with the hydra to hold something gives a haptic feedback (finger against trigger) that stands in to signify that you are holding a virtual object, even if the pressing of a button and holding the object is different sensations, they are a bit related so the translation is quite natural. I think it would work the same with gloves, in the way that if you pinch you fingers together you are holding something in the virtual world and get a sensation of resistance that steps in to signify that, and I am sure it would work even if the virtual object is big so that there is an apparent mismatch. @David Mulder I agree that some haptic feedback would be great but don't agree that VR activities where you handle physical objects will fail to engage without it. I suspect that, to a fair degree, the brain will rapidly adjust to ignore or fill in the missing feedback with what it expects. I will be really interested to experiment a bit with this and also hope to try a few different mechanisms to substitute for this feedback. e.g. providing synthetic feedback to other parts of the body (maybe a set of well separated vibrators or prodders on the back - same side as the arm) to see if (and how long and how well) it takes the brain to associate these stimuli with the pressure of holding something and then whether this association persists once the finger stimulus is removed but the visual one remains. @David Mulder: I will disagree with you on that. It will take time (actually infinite time) these will be 1:1 with real hands (feedback, etc). I don't think looking at them as they already are is good approach. I see controlling device. Not hands replacement. I don't think I need haptic to be able use them as hydra, just with nicer graphics and more precise and intuitive interacting. I can live quite well with simply taking any VR object with two fingers touching themselves no matter how big or heavy the object is. Just two fingers and simple hold on/off switch :) What it cannot simulate well is "holding" wheel or joystick. But I can think of one or two other way how to control car or plane with hand & fingers without the need of wheel. @David Kebuladze: Do note, at the least the first two titles are quite unsuitable for Control VR, as those are exactly the titles where you're interacting a lot with physical objects, thus 1) requiring a mismatch between your hands in RL and VR when grabbing objects and 2) where lack of tactile feedback hurts most. For this type of device, content will be important thing, so my suggestion is that you must collaborate with devs (send them early devkits) who creating games which are most suitable for Control VR. e.g.: The Gallery: Six Elements (by CloudHead Games) LOADING HUMAN (by UNTOLD GAMES) TECHNOLUST: True Cyberpunk (by IRIS V.R.) Does central camera will be unmountable from plastic arm, so we can fix it on KOR-FX velcro ? <url>"PC, MAC, Android, Oculus, and Google Glass." which isn't very precise on what operating system will be supported concerning the 'PC' denomination. Does PC only means Windows? Thanks @Creator: 1) What differences are expected between this dev kit and the consumer version? 2) When is the consumer release expected? I ask this because i'm a developer, but will be using the device as a VR enthusiast and will probably not developer anything for it. I'm wondering if it's better to wait for consumer version (this mainly depends on the 2 questions answered) @Control VR I should double check, the fingerless aspect of the design is staying right? I don't want to have to cut my nails off too use it >_< Hello, Control VR looks amazing, thanks for that! I was wondering (hoping) if some kind of Control VR emulator could be made so that the software can detect and use the hardware in some way for testing without actually having the hardware. It would only need a couple of pre-recorded motions to be helpful to developers that only got SDK access or want to work with the technology a bit without actually having the hardware. @Bit Barrel Media - - Everyone from the Control VR team is at the convention center setting up for the E3 event... But to answer your questions from someone who has experienced with this system, the answer is YES. You will be able to interact with virtual controls just like you will be able to pick up digital objects as shown in their demo. Because this is a camera less and IMU-based system, you will not be able to move without the help of some other device like a joystick. If your chair and body is stationary, you should not have problems as the system will track your body rotations through the chest sensor. Hope that answers your question. @ Creator This is the third time I am asking this question. I backed your project with $600 and I expect a bit more interaction. Is it possible to touch virtual buttons in a cockpit or will this result in calibration issues each time you move your chair? 2 questions: - are gloves detachable from the rest of system for cleaning purposes? Will they survive water or other means of cleaning? - has the shape of central module any hidden purpose or is the entire device in that small box on the chest. Is it attachable to body by other (my own) means? The shoulder system looks very uncomfortable and ugly, especially for sitting experience. Thanks Yes, I hope we will reach the wireless stretch-goal! I'd like to see a video with this used with AutoCAD. I like the idea of using it for this application. My kids will enjoy it for the games but I don't see myself getting it unless I can find a application that is productive for me. Great job @Creator! :). Glad to see y'all taking PR seriously by responding to the questions. It is crucial for hardware products especially. Best of luck. If you at some point want to experiment with haptics look at our github link at www.gauntl33t.com. it is still early in development but we are working very hard on creating good force feedback. @Creator - I think it is very important to go wireless within THIS kickstarter. Holy &%*$ that Reddit thread!! Seriously anyone wondering about support and openness in this project go check the link Rupert posted (4 down from me). I haven't seen any kickstarters be that open and accommodating and I've backed a lot...I've especially never seen one offer booze, pizza and Game of Thrones! Massive points to Control VR for being awesome ^_^ Maybe lots of holes would be great. So much that the gloves basically dont hold any heat. @ Control VR: sorry to ask this question again: Are the gloves made out of a thin material, comfortable to wear under "normal" conditions? On the video footage, they look too thick to wear inside in warm condition. For those looking for an independent opinion, the Control VR guys went open kimono on reddit: <url>"feel" of the system. (I've heard one surgeon referring to the controlled robot instrument as his "hand" after only half an hour of working with it.) You are correct that there is a form of tactile feedback, but - as you mention - it is independent of what the robot does: I assume one could simulate it by putting a mechanical spring between your index finger and thumb. Thus, if that makes a difference (which I doubt), it would probably be easy to provide this form of tactile feedback when using Control VR. My point is: if you only want finger tracking to simulate the control of a da Vinci robot, the finger tracking of Control VR should be fine. In general, of course, tactile feedback would make a huge difference. +1 for question Charles M Have you guys considered reaching out to some of the devs that have VR games on the way? Loading Human, Technolust and The Gallery Six Elements would all be awesome with this. Will it be possible to use it together with PrioVR / Stem / Omni / Delta Six ? @Creator: 1) What differences are expected between this dev kit and the consumer version? 2) When is the consumer release expected? I ask this because i'm a developer, but will be using the device as a VR enthusiast and will probably not developer anything for it. I'm wondering if it's better to wait for consumer version (this mainly depends on the 2 questions answered) Your production timeline is unrealistic but I'm still backing for $600. Let's not kid ourselves, you're not going to deliver these in December. But as long as delivery can coincide with the release of Oculus' CV1 next year then that should be fine. Looking forward to it! Have you tried any of the ms-windows viewers for oculus together with control vr, like virtual desktop or deskope, and used multitouch in the air with your fingers. I would love to see a video of it if you have! Backed at 75 gonna wait to hear some reviews next week from Reverend Kyle to see if I want to go all the way. Would be interested in adding our haptic feedback solution over your glove. @Martin Kraus: Not sure whether you have experience with those, but it's not without reason you need special training before you can use them despite being a perfect doctor and even after lot's of training they (well, according to a guy responsible for all tech at an university hospital) it feels to them like they are controlling tools that are controlling robots rather them doing the surgery themselves (and the hardware being really simplistic according to him). Additionally there still is a form of tactile feedback as they still hold tools at least, it's just that the tools themselves fly/cut/etc. through the body without resistance. Oh well, all in all not that comparable to this to be honest. You should consider expanding your deadline. I've seen so many projects go past their deadline with much discontent from the community. December should be your early goal but a realistic goal would seem like June next year. David Mulder wrote: > Btw, I am going to throw this question in the ring after all: Is finger tracking truly > valuable without tactile feedback? Personally I am inclined to say it's not, > but I would love to be 'proven wrong'. Easy: the most common robot-assisted surgical system offers no tactile feedback (<url>"we are already working on a hybrid solution that will be offered with our consumer release that will incorporate one camera worn on the body". So does that mean that the Control VR DK that we will get is only inertial? Does the chest piece that's shown in the videos actually have a camera? Will we have to buy a LEAP motion and mount it on the Rift to be able to correct drift? Will that not be a problem with the Oculus DK2? Will we have to buy the "official" camera separately further down the line? Even with the camera, how will you keep in sync with the Oculus positional tracking? Thanks! Feature request: Calibration feature or absolute positional tracking to enable virtual buttons in a cockpit to be pressed in a consistent way. It seems the current version cannot support this. You will need to put the tracking camera on your desk instead of your chest to have a fixed frame of reference. +1 for Loading Human perfect game for ControlVR I would love it if you manage to get announcements of support for this in Gallery Six Elements, Loading Human, and MakeVR during your camaign! I assume the $600 + $30 shipping doesnt include taxes (as per normal) right? I also wonder about connections for power, data-flow, etc. If there is a place for battery, what kind. If you support the sixense sdk you stem-users could use that for calibration if the avatar is already calibrated with stem: hold the stem controllers in whatever postition you want and push a button with your thumb to sync your hand position. After that you could leave your controller on a real table, and if the controller has an avatar still see its position relative to your real and virtual hand in the virtual environment. I would love to see this kind of mutual support and cooperation with sixense! What about the connection with PC? One USB port? 9 comments in and several familiar faces from previous VR campaigns, hi all ^_^ @David I would say it would be but depends strongly on usage, I can imagine for creative 'moulding' purposes feedback would be essential but a scenario I would quite look forward too would be combining it with a joystick and a Rift DK2 to play Star Citizen. It would take a little bit of setup to make sure the joystick was in the right spot in the real world vs virtual but that would be a one off and I'd consider it well worth it and obviously feedback wouldn't be an issue then. Of course that sort of thing would require official support from the games which is something that really needs to be addressed. P.S As a side note to the Control VR team, I've been looking forward too VR gloves for a bit and desperately hoping they would have open tipped fingers. Thank you for including that in the design otherwise I'd have to choose between using them and cutting off my nails which tend to be between 1-4cm long >_< It would be great if you can make that tracking camera smaller and mount it on the HMD instead. The chest version looks a bit bulky. Btw, I am going to throw this question in the ring after all: Is finger tracking truly valuable without tactile feedback? Personally I am inclined to say it's not, but I would love to be 'proven wrong'. I am very happy to see that someone tackled the hand tracking issue. Will follow this project closely. Keep up the good work! One of the reasons I ask about the need for the body tracker is that I am waiting on the Sixense STEM tracker which will include leg and chest tracking (as well as their 'game' controller). Consequently I am interested in the ability to integrate these tracking systems - maybe using the STEM for legs and torso with the ControlVR for fingers, hands, arms and chest. Hey guys, make sure to create perfect support for the PrioVR api to prevent developers from making a mess out of it ;-) Does the hand/finger tracker work independently of the body tracker or do you always need to be wearing a body tracker? Ignore my first post. I just didnt see clearly. Really excited about this project. Data gloves are what got me started in VR in the 90's. Looking forward to getting my hands on these!! Please add videos! And its a bit strange that your kickstarterpage shows a image where the human raises one finger and the avatar two.