Hey Everyone! I wanted to share my newest project with you. It's called The Albatross Brand, and I've come back on Kickstarter to launch it since my Bottlehook experience was so amazing! The Albatross Brand is a line of high quality, machine sewn leather goods at a really amazing price. I wanted to create a good budget friendly line without cutting corners for those that might not want to shell out money for a hand sewn wallet. You can check it out here: <url>® Kickstarter campaign ended about one year ago. It's hard to believe it's only been a year, because so much has happened in the last 12 months. I wanted to do one last update because, well, a lot of this is only happening because of the Bottlehook Kickstarter and I want to share it with all of you! So here's what's up. First and foremost, the new Corter Leather &amp; Cloth website launched at www.CorterLeather.com . I spent 4 months redesigning every leather, metal, and cloth piece I make, and it's amazing to be able to see my vision for Corter finally realized. I've made the decision to stay a one-man company, so while it's been a lot of work it's also been the most creative and fulfilling time of my life. Next, the numbers. As of June 1st, just over 9,000 Bottlehooks have been sold worldwide! More than anything, I'm so incredibly happy to have made a product that people need and love to use every day. To celebrate the one year anniversary of the Bottlehook Kickstarter campaign I released the second metal offering of the Bottlehook in solid brass: Since the Kickstarter campaign I've been able to expand my product line, designing and producing pieces that I would have never been able to make without your funding. There's the Ring &amp; Hook bracelet The Copper Cuff and the Luggage Tag (featuring the Signature Split Ring that was the result of the extra funding!) As well as a whole bunch of leather goods and funky Bottlehook colors. I also made a bracelet to support Miss Corter and her fight against Crohn's, which was one of the hurdles in getting the rewards out last year as we spent a lot of June and July in the hospital. So far she's raised over $4,000 and completed a half marathon for the CCFA! Not bad for a girl that lost 25% of her body weight and couldn't absorb any nutrients just 9 months ago. Ultimately, this campaign resulted in much more than just a nice bottle opener. It allowed me to create the brand I had always wanted to create, and I think that is the true essence of Kickstarter and it's community. I'm forever thankful for your support, and proud to be a Kickstarter alum. Now onto a little bit of (majorly exciting) news. Corter Leather &amp; Cloth will be moving to a workshop and retail space on Cape Cod in September! You'll be able to come out and make things with me, browse the whole collection, and I'll be expanding the product line even further. Miss Corter and I move up to the new house in August, and the shop will probably open to the public early next year (2014). We'll be located on the historic Main Street in Brewster, a town named for my great (x 17) grandfather who came over on the Mayflower, and surrounded by the New England culture that has inspired my aesthetic for all 26 years of my life. I've also been building a workshop-on-wheels into a great VW van that will take me around the country during the off season, because it's been a blast traveling to different markets and meeting some of you! So I think that's about it, the end of this chapter. I've got a new Kickstarter campaign coming later this summer that will be a little different than any other wallet/every-day-carry campaign so far, so keep watch for that. If I could personally thank every one of you individually I would do so in a heartbeat. By funding the Bottlehook, you've started me on a journey I couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams. Thank you. (Oh, the great folks at Fab.com have decided to feature Corter Leather from tomorrow, June 26th, to Friday, June 28th. Head on over to get almost all current Corter products and some previously sold-out Version 2 Bottlehook color ways at a bit of a discount!) I hope everyone's enjoying their bottlehooks! I know a lot of people wanted to know what I did with the extra funding, and I'm happy to share one of the big projects I just received shipment of: upgraded split key rings. I designed this keyring myself from the ground up, using my personal collection of antique advertising rings to get a perfect shape, weight and feel over many prototypes and creating a beautiful and super durable split ring that matches the bottlehook. It's vintage inspired just like the Bottlehook itself, paying homage to the founding workwear brands of the late 1800's/early 1900's. They're available here in my shop , in 3 packs of either color for $9.50. Here's the update everyone's been waiting for....we're finally done! All hooks are at the fulfillment center and have been shipping since Wednesday. They'll be going out into next week and arriving to you shortly after. I'm psyched we made the July date, and I completely understand now how difficult it is to get all the parts of a project like this to come together. What they don't tell you is that designing the product is the easy part if you're a first timer like I am - it's learning about ASN's, SKU's, package weights, envelope shapes, production and timing 8 different suppliers that takes the most time. It was a really crazy crash course that you don't get in the leatherwork books! I'm happy to say that the Bottlehook design is now patent pending, and while I'll continue to update every now and then I can't thank you all enough for helping me bring this product to life. It's been a wild ride and continues to be the little-bottle-opener-that-could; I hope it brings you all as much enjoyment as it's provided me. For those looking to buy Bottlehooks, they're available here: www.corterleather.bigcartel.com For those wanting to follow along with what happens next at Corter Leather, the new Tumblr page is where it's at for updates, production photos, and (coming soon) the build out of the new workshop and website www.corterleather.tumblr.com Lastly, I won't be checking this page very often in the future, so please send any questions, comments, or inquiries to corterleather (at) gmail (dot) com. So I figured I'd make it easy for everyone to know when things ship, since I've been getting lots of "have these shipped yet?" messages since July first. We've got all the rewards assembled as you see above, except the red- they're still not in yet. We're boxing up the rest right now (and into next week), and we've got tabs and hardware ready and on standby for when the red comes in. Ultimately this means we'll be shipping later into July, probably another two-three weeks for most reward levels to go out. While I had hoped to be done this and/or next week, delays do happen and we're lucky this is the only one. At least we're still on track to hit the ultimate goal of July shipping even if it's going to be the end of July! I will update again when everything ships off to the fulfillment center and is on it's way to all of you. Until then, I apologize if I'm not able to answer all messages and comments about shipping times, I've tried to put it all in this update. Some family health issues will have me splitting my time between my workshop and the hospital for the next two to three weeks, so internet time might have to take back burner to working in the shop and eating questionable cafeteria food while sleeping on a cot (I'd much rather be emailing and messaging!). Hope everyone had a good 4th of July! Short update! First, and most important, meet Michaela! She's an old friend who was able to hop on board for the summer as my first assistant while on break from her PhD program. We've been working the past two weeks assembling bottle hooks, and I'm happy to say that they're all assembled except for the Red, which we're still waiting on from the caster. Gift boxes arrive Wednesday, and we'll be stamping and packing everything we can in preparation for shipping the lot off to the fulfillment center. Once the Red comes in, we'll have a day's work assembling them (the other parts are all here) and we'll get everything out to be shipped to everyone. For those interested, the color choice breakdown was approximately as follows: 45% Copper 30% Pewter 20% Red Again, for those interested in pre-ordering, they're available at corterleather.bigcartel.com More info as it comes! Quick update: all Early Adopter hooks are in the mail! They should be in your hands in a week or so (a bit longer for international). I also saw that I forgot one of the most important details in this whole thing. The hooks are guaranteed against breakage. If they break for any reason, you get a new one. Pretty simple! Last, the large shipment of hooks should be in late this week for assembly, we're perfectly on track to ship the rest of the orders. Hey everyone! Figured I'd do a small update, lots of great things going on! The early adopter awards will begin shipping tomorrow and ship Saturday and Monday. Some family sickness had me scrambling to get things done the past two weeks, but we're all set to go. The big bottle hook shipment for copper and pewter will arrive next week, and red in about two weeks, so we're perfectly on schedule to ship the remaining orders as planned late June/early July. Been receiving lots of emails about ordering, so if you'd like to order more hooks or missed out on the Kickstarter, they're available for pre-order here: www.corterleather.bigcartel.com Can't wait for everyone to get their hooks and open a few cold ones- this summer looks like it's going to be a warm one! Hey everyone! Just a small update because I've been getting some emails -The Early Adopter rewards have received the survey and will ship next week from my shop. -All other rewards will receive their survey next week, and hooks will ship in June. I'm working with a shipping company to make things simple and make sure you all get your rewards in as timely a manner as possible, so once I get the info they need figured out, I will make up the surveys and send them out! More updates as they come! Welp, it's over... the bottle hook was successfully funded at 2,651%! The large production runs of all three colors got the thumbs up ten minutes ago, so we should have product in no time. Surveys will be out in the next few days. Now for the exciting news. This extra funding will allow me to bring lots of new things to life and see a large part of my vision for Corter through. I'm not doing any restocking of my other products this month in order to focus on some business things that need to get taken care of first (and a new website!), but if you missed out on the bottle hooks or want more they're available for presale on the website: Corter Leather Bottle Hook There are also super small amounts of the first batch now available online at Corter stockists Need Supply and Blue Owl Workshop . Thank you for all the support in this project, I look forward to making many, many bottle hooks in the future. More updates re:fulfillment as they come in! The campaign for the Bottle Hooks will end at 5pm EST today! A few notes: ~The red hooks will be available to everyone as a choice at every level ~Surveys will go out as soon as possible to get your selections and shipping addresses. I'd like to get everyone's rewards out quickly, so the faster you return your survey the better. ~Early Adopters will ship in the next two weeks unless you'd like red. These need to be made, so they'll ship with the rest of the hooks when the big batches come in. The faster you return your survey, the faster I can get out the early adopter rewards! Again, huge thanks to everyone that pledged, sent awesome emails, tweeted, blogged, and shared this product! Early adopter bottle hooks all packed and ready! Once the surveys are in after the project ends they'll go out asap. At 14 days (down to the hour) the Bottle Hook passed 2000% funded. I've run out of words to express my amazement, so all I can say at this point is thank you all for supporting my work. I'm very lucky to be able to do what I do for a living, and I'm happy to be making things that people want to use! I started Corter with $40 of my weekly grocery budget while I was in college, growing 100% independently and organically out of assorted bedroom workshops, and this funding will go so far in helping me bring my full vision of Corter Leather &amp; Cloth to life. Here's some updates: Due to popular demand I've created a reward level for 3 Kickstarter Limited Edition bottle hooks. Feel free to adjust your pledge if you'd like! The paint bubble issue with the red hooks has been resolved, and the red powder coated hooks are now available for all options (if you're an early adopter and want a red hook, that's fine- it'll just be a bit longer wait as they need to be made)!!! I have a super big order of green cordovan coming in, so there will be plenty of material to make as many Kickstarter Limited Editions as needed. They've been super popular, so while I won't be limiting them within the campaign, they will only be available within the campaign. While I may do other colors later on, the green won't ever be done again. Bottle hooks will be available in shops around the country this summer! The remaining few from the first small batch will be available online through two of my stockists which I'll link to when the sale ends, and I'll have them available for presage through my website as well. Well the crowd has absolutely spoken, and it warms my heart to hear how people can't wait to see their red bottle hook all chipped and beat up- this is exactly what my plan for this option was, and I think it's going to be awesome! I will have the final conformation on Monday as to whether or not this will be an option. Because the caster had to rush these samples to me, the powder coat was baked at a higher-than-normal temperature, resulting in some bubbling in the paint. Since it's a Friday afternoon, we'll just have to wait until Monday to confirm that when produced at a normal speed and baked at a lower temperature, this bubbling won't occur. If this is the case (and we're 90% sure it is) then the red hooks will be an option for all pledge levels, including the Kickstarter Limited Edition. I'll post Monday so everyone that wants to add a red to their pledge has plenty of time! Here they are! The red powder coat samples came in and I assembled them this afternoon. The hook took the powder as I expected- since the type is so small, some of the letters got filled in. However, this creates a nice 40's/50's look which I really like, and will look amazing as the paint chips away with time. It'll be a modern day antique! I'm still deciding on whether or not to do them, I'd love some input and your thoughts. A quick note concerning those hoping for a red powder coated hook- samples done and coming in this weekend! I'll post pictures when I have them. I've had a lot of folks send email wondering how the bottle hook got from concept to final product, so I figured I'd share here what I shared on Twitter in real time- the process. It all started in February of this year when I sliced my hand open on broken glass and couldn't make anything out of leather for almost 6 weeks. I decided to work on a project I'd been thinking about (but not really done anything with) for over a year. It was forced time off, but I figured I should make the best out of it. This is how the bottle hook came to be, from start to finish. The first sketch. Just pen on paper while eating lunch one day. Rough one-handed computer sketch after not having any Adobe products or using the pen tool since I graduated college in 2009. I sent this to the caster along with height/width/thickness measurements for the 3d model. The first 3D rendering from the caster. They perfected the measurements and shape to guarantee it was a functioning bottle opener. Mock ups for graphics I sent off. Folks on twitter helped me choose A as the final design. I also fine tuned the curve in the hook to make it totally smooth, but I don't have an image of that rendering. One month later- a raw sample! Finally got to see the (almost) finished product. The bottle opener details are actually filed down and shaped by hand on every single hook. The final, plated sample. I didn't change a thing after this, but only got about 6 in to test until the initial small batch was ready. That's it! The process took about 3 months from start to finish, and had many small revisions in-between these pictures. Ultimately it was really nice to see my first cast piece come to fruition- I couldn't be happier with the finished product. Today I placed the first large batch order, and I'm excited to get them in and get them sent out to everyone that's pledged! 7 days (almost to the minute) from launch and we've just passed 700% funded...wow. Here's where we're at: at the end of this week, I'll be placing an order (the big one) from the caster for the hooks. This will take 2-3 weeks, bringing us to the end of May. The rings and attachments are all being made as we speak. The goal is to get these things into everyone's hands asap. I've funded a few projects myself, I know that waiting for fulfillment can sometimes take a while with more involved projects. However, I've got everything in place and brought this project to Kickstarter after it was totally developed, so there are no bugs to work out- I just need to assemble everything once it arrives and ship it to all of you! Fortunately, with the For Japan bracelets and the Guitar Picks I did, I've got a lot of experience shipping lots of orders quickly- That means hopefully all bottle hook orders will be in the mail by the end of June. A LOT of you are looking forward to the red hook being a reward option. My wonderful caster has done a run of only 12 hooks and is powder coating them this week to get me samples. As soon as I get them I will update the main page- the only thing holding us back is if the type on the hook does not take the powder coat. If it does, they will be an option for all rewards (no up charge) just like the aged pewter and copper. If it doesn't, they just won't be made at all. Thanks everyone! Hope you're all having as much fun as I am watching the project, what a week it's been! Hi everyone...what a crazy two days! I've been taken aback by all of the great feedback and excitement for the project and can't believe we're at over 400% funded in just over 48 hours. I have a couple updates for everyone: First, I will be ordering a few hundred hooks tomorrow in the popular red powder coat that I sampled a few weeks ago and posted on Twitter . Many of you have requested this option for the campaign, and I will do my best to get them in time for the reward fulfillment in June/July. Here's what they look like! As soon as I can confirm this, the update will go live on the funding page. Second, I will be calling up Horween and begging for more green Shell Cordovan- we're about half sold out of the Limited Edition stock after only 2 days, and I want everyone that would like a limited edition to receive one. I'll update this as well once I find out if there is available stock at the tannery. Third, and most important, thanks you all so much. The extra funding will not be going towards a vacation or a sports car (womp womp); it will fund a ton of bottle hook stock and a new press that will allow me to use dies instead of hand cutting every single piece I make. After almost 5 years of cutting thick leather by hand 40-60 hours a week, my hands are cramping, cracking, and aching almost all the time (not good for a 25 year old!) This press will allow me to continue doing what I love while letting my body recover AND offering a perfectly consistent product in the future! Here's to the next two weeks!