Hello Backers, Thank you for your patience during this transition. As promised, we have updates regarding a few issues that pertain to everyone and hopefully we can answer a few common questions that have been reoccurring via mail. Refund Schedule Refunds will be issued between 6/06/14 - 6/13/14 to all backers of this project. We have decided that full refunds will be given at this time; Amazon and Kickstarter commission fees will be absorbed by Cryptrade and not you the backer. We have a few strategies in line with respect to transfer platforms - kindly see below. International Backers We have identified which backers have previously received refunds and were not able to use these funds with Amazon - we are still currently in talks with Amazon for a potential solution for this dilemma. Obviously we will not be able to cancel the transactions from our end as they have been claimed already however, Amazon may be sending these backers emails on our behalf with further instructions. If you are an International backer that has already received a refund and have not been able to use said funds, kindly follow instructions sent by Amazon to solve this issue. Backers that have received refunds via Amazon and have used said funds to purchase goods or services on Amazon.com or affiliated sites will not be additionally refunded however, there exists a plan to offer a monetary reimbursement in these rare cases. If you are one of these backers we kindly request that you drop us a line explaining your situation. Refund Platforms By default we will be issuing funds via Amazon Payments to anyone where Amazon accounts can be synced with backer bank accounts (backers that are able to withdraw funds). We have requested that Amazon assist in this undertaking as they have knowledge of which accounts are in eligible locations. Your Amazon account is based on a registered email - if your credit card/debit card/ etc. has expired don't worry - you will still be able to withdraw funds regardless of how you were able to add funds to your account or make the original transaction (this has been a common question asked). An email message will be sent from Amazon asking you to confirm receipt of funds whereby you may use said funds in any way you see fit by either withdrawing it or using it on the Amazon.com store (or with anyone that accepts Amazon payments). International backers that are unable to withdraw funds from Amazon directly will have their choice of being priority-mailed a certified check, PayPal, or Western Union. We currently have a list of backers that qualify for this so there will be no need to inform us as we are working with Amazon directly to handle this situation. An email message from Amazon on our behalf will be sent individually to each backer requesting additional information where appropriate. Backers that do not have access to their Amazon accounts or have since moved from an area that previously allowed balance withdrawals will need to contact us explaining the situation. We currently have very little in the way of verifying an identity and we will most likely require the assistance of Amazon to handle those circumstances. Additional We are currently in the process of an evaluation with respect to the units. We have some parts already completed and others not so complete. We will need to source (a) manufacturer(s) able to complete the remaining required parts - we plan on circling back to this as soon as the refunds are issued as we will have accomplished our first step. Inquiries as to the status of this stage will unfortunately be responded to only after refunds are issued - we appreciate your understanding as we try to make sense of previous efforts (though EXTREMELY excited to move things along on this front). We do currently plan to take these guys to market. Priority number two. Commenters (though very welcome to comment at any time) are not required to inform us of their intentions to receive a refund however, we are very grateful that you guys have assisted us in getting our records in order. Backers that have issues with respect to their refunds will be contacted individually by ourselves or by Amazon on our behalf. We do not have access to your emails directly and may only contact you individually via Amazon - Again, if you do not have access to your Amazon accounts do kindly contact us as soon as possible notifying us of this situation. We will most likely have Amazon or Kickstarter verify this information as we have no safeguards to do so - we appreciate your patience in advance during this undertaking. If you have any questions that have not been answered by this update and pertains directly to your refund, kindly contact us at <email> at your earliest convenience. Thank you all for your time, we are scheduled for another update on May 20. Thanks again. IMPORTANT Are you an international backer that received an Amazon Payments Refund and were not able to withdraw your funds? Kindly notify us via email immediately at <email> with the header subject International and a brief explanation of the events. We thank you in advance for taking the time to contact us. Updates Records Thank you everyone that has provided us with supplemental information regarding their backer status. We have received your messages, comments, and emails - kindly accept this update as a blanket "THANK YOU!" if we we have not singled you out with an individual response. For those backers that have yet to check-in kindly see below. We have received our Amazon Payments updates and currently have a comprehensive list of every transaction made with respect to this project and refunds previously issued. International backers that were unable to withdraw their funds due to Amazon policies need to check in with us. We will do our best to message you via the Amazon messaging system however they do not provide us with any contact details. We do not have records of the emails that were used to send funds as of yet, however we requested said information from Amazon and are hopeful on that front. Apparently some backers have had their refunds for quite some time however were unable to withdraw these funds from Amazon. We have a solution for this kindly refer to the top of this page. Legal &amp; Legal or Press Requests Commenters interested in being provided any legal information with respect to entity exchange, asset holdings, or an open statement from the company will need to contact us via email with their requests. These requests will be handled individually and when appropriate. We reserve the right to request NDA's from parties interested in obtaining records/IP information/schematics/etc. not in the public domain or otherwise considered protected information. All other inquiries including requests for on-record correspondence will be handled appropriately; we welcome and invite your questions/requests. We will be issuing cease-and-desist letters to websites/media-outlets/individuals that have falsely misled or misrepresented facts (intentionally or otherwise) to the public with inaccuracies with respect to this project, the company representing this project, it's current owners, and/or have violated the Kickstarter TOA by posting private/privileged information without permission. Copies of these letters will be provided to anyone interested. Legal action will be taken in the appropriate jurisdiction and in accordance with international law regulating and pertaining to these issues. We welcome any third-party interested in providing accurate information to the public to reach out to us with their questions. We respectfully remind individuals that have made specific claims regarding this project, or the intentions of this project to remove them, substantiate them, or be held accountable for defamation/losses. We thank you for your understanding. Refunds All bakers of this project are scheduled to receive a reimbursement for their pledges in the original amount. There is no need to request a refund as this is the default agenda. Backers that have had any requests or have had previous issues mishandled are requested to contact us as soon as convenient. We will look into any requests or pending issues as they are brought to our attention. Schedule We are scheduled for a Tuesday May 13th update with respect to the rollout schedule. Don't worry if you haven't had a chance to contact us yet (International Bakers) or even after the fact. We are here to service each and every backer. Backers that have opted out of Kickstarter.com message updates via email will be singled out in correspondence in due course. Do kindly pardon in advance if we are unable to get to you immediately regarding a non-refund related issue. Taking care of this issue is our main priority and everything else will be handled appropriately however not as urgently. Units Backers that are still interested in receiving their units (though most likely they'll be slightly updated) will have the opportunity to purchase them directly when they are released to the public. We have decided that the best course of action (with respect to backer interests) is a mass refund and with that - a fresh new start. Status updates and notifications will still be sent via this project page routinely and frequently with respect to availability. Backers will also benefit from a special tiered discount on units depending on previous tier placement and will enjoy priority purchasing rights if and when they are interested; more information on this will be posted in future updates. Additional Some backers may receive refunds sooner than everyone else. We have found several previous refunds that were ill-transferred and "stuck" with Amazon or have yet to be claimed. We encourage these individuals to confirm receipt of these funds when possible via email or a KS message as we will try re-issuing them. Special thanks to everyone that has written in with encouragement and kind words, it's amazing to see that there still remains a healthy demand for this product and countless fans though we apologize profusely for the way things were previously handled. We look forward to assisting everyone and welcome your messages/suggestions at any time. Thanks again. Dear Backers, This is Fahad, the inventor of the original "Crypteks USB". I understand that there has been a lot of time wasted on this project and many unkept promises in the past. Thankfully I am in a new position to address this project and bring to light some important information. Cryptrade Inc. has been purchased from the original owners and is currently under new ownership. This change effects you as a backer for various reason and we are currently taking steps to take care of everyone. Firstly, please note that other than providing the original owners of the company (Cryptrade Inc.) a functioning design (which I worked on with Slignshot PDG) and providing some blurb time; I was not the owner or partner with Cryptrade (formerly Crypteks, Inc.) and had a licensing agreement on the original non-provisional patent (which I am to understand has unfortunately been left to expire). As I have been put in an extremely awkward position (with respect to this project), I have taken initiative to try and salvage the indignity of this project and see to it that my invention is either properly delivered or shelved. Either way, backers will not go unrewarded for their initial backing, their patience, and lack of respect shown to them over the course of this project. This is unacceptable and will be rectified starting immediately. The law offices of Safford &amp; Baker were originally consigned to form the company and were not privy to company details - additionally they were responsible for forwarding mail to the previous owners and have been graciously accommodating with the transition. The previous owners have hence closed down their website www.crypteks.com ( www.cryptrade.com ). Any correspondence from those domains are to be disregarded as they do not represent us ; we would also appreciate it if you would forward it to us immediately as a record. Our new email is <email>. and look forward to providing everyone with timely updates and support. The CRXi Vault is defunct and no longer available for use. KINDLY DO NOT RESPOND TO UNOFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE. The aforementioned email and the Kickstarter messaging service is the best and only way to contact us. We are currently in contact with Amazon Payments to ascertain which backer accounts have pledged and to whom refunds were issued. We apologize for the delays and hardships you have incurred as a result of this project; I am personally very deeply sorry my invention has had anything to do with this gross mismanagement and any hardships you have endured as a result. To aid in the recovery process, I plead to all backers that have placed an order to come forward and send an email with their pledge amount. I will not rest until this project has seen fruition and your rights secured (hopefully with your help). As a project, the design is finalized and the encrypted boards are in our possession. We believe we have the necessary funds to finish this project and I am personally willing to provide any additional funds required to see this through. We welcome anyone willing to assist that has any experience with manufacturing/design/etc. to expedite the delivery of this project to come forward. Backers that have not been granted a refund will need to contact us with their request. Granted this is not going to happen overnight but we will honor any pledge refund requested in a timely fashion and appreciate the opportunity to assist you. Thank you all for your pledges and support and again, I extend my deepest apologies for what has taken place. I look forward to your correspondence and any assistance that can be given to help us resurrect this project. Warm Regards, Hey guys! Busy simply doesn't begin to describe the last 2 weeks! As promised, we have the latest pictures from the Golden Sample that was mailed from our technology provider of the custom CRXi Vault encrypted USB PCBA boards with the finalized graphics/GUI. These are definitely not as impressive as the boxes of 1100+ boards however the GUI's are obviously the same custom GUI's on the remaining boards which we will be posting a video on in the next official update. Golden Sample Dimensions Here Goes Nothing! Much to our relief! Blue LED as specified! On with the interface! (Small note: We run parallels desktop (Windows and OSX) on our Macs. We have fully tested both systems and everything was just perfect! Screenshots are Windows 7 overlaid on OSX) Optical Drive Start Password Interface Failed Password Attempt (4 tries) In Mac Change Password Screen Options Selections Language Selection Options Customizable Contact Details We did note the limitations of the Kickstarter graphical interface when viewing photos (sorry guys, but they do host great projects!), we recommend opening the link location (right-click, open source/open link) to view better details. We will have an un-boxing video relatively soon of the 1100+ units. We are still waiting on a finalized ETA and invoice from Port City Group (MI) as to the exact milling ETA dates. Hopefully though, we should have that info for you in our next update along with the un-boxing. Minor updates leading up to that event will be posted on the comments section. Thanks to all the backers helping us out on comments/email! We have a lot to learn and we appreciate all the advice and expertise afforded us. Keep it coming guys! We're heading towards the finalization of the project and things are looking great. Till then guys! We're really looking forward to the fun part of assembly/packaging/shipping :D We do thank everyone for staying on board and allowing us to fully realize our milestones in a constructive and nurturing environment. As always, feel free to drop us a line anytime via comments/message/email anytime! - and please do! We obviously need all the help/tips we can get! :D With lots of love! -Cryptrade Team Hey guys, We've quite literally received a flood of messages mainly concerning the new material and a few other points that made a lot of sense. We thought we'd elaborate on our material selection and how it might effect the project in its entirety. For those backers unfamiliar with the new material, Grivory™ is a co-polymer resin reinforced with either fiberglass or carbon fiber. Though the material is not very common on the market, it was actually developed as an aluminum substitute for high-precision and wear-tolerating properties. For those technically inclined with materials science, kindly view the datasheet here. The most famous application for Grivory™ right now is for knife blades and various components that require heavy wear tolerance or high stress situations. Surface finishes for Grivory™ are literally endless. We will be going with Grivory™ GC4H which is 40% carbon fiber by volume. Needless to say, the newer parts are actually an upgrade over the previous aluminum and we forgive the confusion. Tighter tolerance ensure high quality castings and parts with extremely high precision. Though we had originally planned to go with CNC milled aluminum, we have been strongly discouraged the 2nd time around as the sheer time it would take to mill each component is enough of a deterrent. We are extremely confident in our material selection as it offers much higher tolerances and precision as well as a level of wear resistance and shock resistance than originally planned. A lot of backers might not be aware however that tooling for this process is actually extremely costly. There will be no plans to modify the prices of the units however one backer suggested that backers whom have vouched for a special edition black unit be given an incentive. We are EXTREMELY pro this solution and our team will be discussing the best way to handle this. Additionally, any backer wishing to switch from a silver unit to a black unit may do so before April 30th (as was pointed out, it is only fair). You may simply send us a message or an email at <email> with your name and your request. A confirmation will be sent upon receipt. Note On finishes A point of note on the finishes by using this new material/process is the level of control we have over finishes. Finishes will quite literally be much more durable and depending on the formulation, finishes will look and feel much better than simple anodizing. Surface finishes are being selected to provide that "pearl-beading" look, as well as the satin-esque feel. VERY IMPORTANT: Tooling begins next week. Your general feedback is something we take very seriously. As the "explosive" commenting has forced our hand (and we do understand the frustration), we'd like from our backers a simple choice: 1) Continue using the new material 2) NO! We want CNC Aluminum Time to tally this up guys. At the end of the day, we're making these units for you and if it requires a little more effort on our behalf (25 hours our of 24?) or some collaboration with our backers to get you what you deserve, then we're definitely in. Let the voting begin! Hey guys! We just wanted to wish everyone the merriest of holidays and a happy new year on behalf of everyone here at Crypteks Inc. (and team!). We apologize for the slight delay in sending the shipping survey. We were flooded with payment issues by a lot of our international backers (sorry guys, we know Kickstarter is a little odd about their payment system but we're trying our best to work things out with Amazon Payments to give you guys direct access via our website). Other than that, we will be posting updates frequently and we kindly ask all of our backers to begin using <email> for any future concerns or assistance requests as using the proprietary Kickstarter messaging system is slightly inconvenient for everyone involved. Thanks again for your patience! We really look forward to getting everything shipped out and we hope you guys have a great holiday weekend and the bestest best New Year! Happy Holidays! Love, Crypteks Team International Shipping: With just a few short days remaining to adjust pledges, international backers (and our Canadian neighbors!) whom have NOT YET adjusted their pledges to include international shipping should kindly do so before December 23rd . If you need help adjusting your pledge please refer to our project FAQ for additional details. You're also more than welcome to drop us a line for further assistance! Official Sponsors: Did you know you can get Special Edition Black Crypteks USB™ 16GB instead of your current silver models? Simply add $35 to your current pledges for every black unit you wish to replace and you're all set! We have sent you all personalized messages but just in case you missed out, kindly send us a message and we'll do our best to take care of your requests! Special Edition Black Crypteks USB ™ 16GB : Backers still interested in pledging for a Special Edition Black Crypteks USB ™ 16GB have until December 23rd to update their pledges! If you still haven't gotten around to it or need help changing your pledge and reward selection kindly refer to our project FAQ for more details. And as always; you're more than welcome to drop us a line for any additional help! Thanks Everyone! Congrats to everyone that voted! crypteks.com made the prestigious SITE of the DAY award! We are truly humbled as our roots in design stem from the web! Thanks to YOU we will now be seen by a great majortiy of the world's best graphic and web designers! Check us out on Awwwards.com ! Don't forget that our Official Kickstarter Sponsors will be showcased on our website taking advantage of our best pricing and will literally be seen by thousands of some of the world's best companies looking for design inspirations and ideas! Thanks again to everyone for making this dream a reality! Happy Holidays! Hey guys! With the end of our campaign drawing ever closer, we just wanted to thank you all once more for all of your kindness and support! We've had some GREAT feedback from our various backers and we really appreciate the opportunity everyone has given us to work on this project for you! For those still interested in pledging for the Special Edition Black Crypteks USB™ ; don't forget to update your pledge and reward selection before the end of the 23rd! We won't be able to make those changes once we have finished. Also, for International Backers , double check to make sure you have included your shipping costs to your pledge! (That goes for our Canadian neighbors too!). If you need help changing your pledge kindly visit our page FAQ for more details! (you're also more than welcome to drop us a line!) Thanks again everyone! You'll be getting updates in the next few days with directions on how to send us your shipping information! Happy Holidays! Hey guys! We thought you guys might want to know we hit an interesting number today (can you see it in the pic?!) For those of you who have recently backed us (and for those with us from the start!) we'd like to take this time to thank you once more (never enough!) for everything you've done. Your kindness and support has been a dream come true for our entire team and we really appreciate it! Thanks for helping us spread the word to your favorite blogs! (If you missed our previous post - we'd really appreciate it if you haven't had the chance!) Happy Holidays! Love, Crypteks Hey guys! Ever since we launched here on Kickstarter we've been getting tons of messages about having a black Crypyeks USB™ available, so we made one! You can now grab a Special Edition Black Crypteks USB™ right here on Kickstarter! Featuring the same amazing solid aluminum alloy construction and finished in a unique anodized black finish! For previous backers that have pledged for a silver Crypteks USB™ and want a black one, don't worry! Simply click on the "My Backer History" located under the "ME" tab located at the top of every Kickstarter page and edit your Crypteks USB™ pledge! Simply select your new reward and you're all set! Drop us a line if you need any help! And as always (and never enough!); thank you ALL for making this happen! With just a little over half of our campaign left to go (and almost $80,000!), we thought you guys might like to hear a little sponsored coverage of your incredible kindness and overwhelming support by none other than celebrity Geek ness Chris Pirillo ! Don't forget to show your support for Chris by subscribing to his newsletter on LockerGnome! You can check out the entire video below or on YouTube ! Thanks Chris! <url>™ dawned upon them! We're very proud to say that we're officially on Gizmodo! Thank you all for being a part of this project! Without you, none of this would have been possible! You can view the full article here! Hey guys! Our website was nominated as a contender for Site of the Day at awwwards.com ! Thank you everyone for such a wonderful job! Don't forget to tell your friends and vote for us! Thanks in advance! You can vote by selecting a number from 1-10 here! THANK YOU! - You guys are as much a part of this project as the engineers and designers who designed it! Your kindness and overwhelming support has made all the difference! We thought you might want to see just how amazingly everyone has done! "A perfect stocking stuffer for the secretive and security-obsessed" Uncrate "Crypteks: Encrypted, Combo-Locked USB Stick For the Seriously Paranoid" Charlie Sorrel - Wired "There's a Kickstarter campaign going that might interest those who carry sensitive data and swooned over Tom Hanks in The Da Vinci Code" Nathan Ingraham - The verge "Crypteks USB Key, Da Vinci Code Meets IronKey Soon to be Reality" Paul McCollum - EverythingUSB "Inspired by the Cryptex from The Da Vinci Code, this USB is no match for anyone who wants to get a hold of your files" Kelly Montgomery - Digital Trends "your data is secured by a 256-bit AES hardware encryption that is a standard currently employed by the US government" Tyler Lee - Ubergizmo "Whoever said dreams never came true never visited Kickstarter!" - Crypteks Team Though you've heard us say this so many times these past few days (and really, we couldn't possibly say it enough); THANK YOU! From everyone here at Crypteks we thank you from the bottom of our hearts. Your kindness and generosity has helped us achieve what for so long we thought would be impossible: and for that you have our eternal gratitude. We have a long road ahead of us and we pledge to keep all of you in-the-loop throughout the entire process. Your feedback is always most welcome (and highly appreciated!) and we hope we can live up to your expectations! With Love, (and lots of warm fuzzies!) The Crypteks Team It keeps getting better! We just added a new tier to our page! You can now order TWO Crypteks™ USB 16GB with a discount and save on shipping too! For previous backers that want to upgrade simply log into your Kickstarter account and click on your backed projects and re-pledge, it's that Simple! We were also featured on The Verge! Check us out here. Thanks so much for making this happen! Pardon while I geek-out a bit: "OMG!" Check out the WIRED article posted about our project! Wired.com Thanks Everyone for making this happen! -F.K &lt;NB: I don't think I'll be reading any bedtime stories!! haha&gt; We're speechless! We're up to 64% in just 5 days! Thank you so much! Don't forget to share us with your friends! Twitter: @crypteksUSB Facebook: www.facebook.com/crypteks Thanks everyone! We're almost at 50% in just a few short days! We'd like to thank ALL of our backers and anyone else that helped pass the message along, we really appreciate it! Don't forget to share us with your friends to help us get the word out! Twitter: @crypteksUSB Facebook: www.facebook.com/crypteks Love, Crypteks Team Hey everyone! Check out our latest press release! Join us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/crypteks and Twitter at <url>#!/crypteksusb <url>