I forgot I had even backed this game until looking all the way back in my history of funding. I have yet to receive a copy. What went wrong? Finally got around to learning/playing and realized we are missing a green dice. Is there a way to get it replaced? Happy to pay shipping so I don't have to sub in just any green dice I own. :) Thanks! Brazil here, got mine today. Can you place a crew member on a empty mining space, so you can use Rover to move it after? (Or just to get a free neutronium since if a crew member cannot collect ressources, it get one for free?) has my order shipped? I have not received the item, would you please advise me the shipping status. Just to let you know, I received my copy today, intact and all there. Thanks for sorting out my ShipNaked issues, @magic meeple games I see that DRV went live in tabletop sim as dlc :) will we stil be getting a free code for it? Yay, finally got my copy too! (not the fault of the company, btw, but of some weird postal hiccup on our end) Can't wait to get it to the table! I sent another email to Ian. I haven't heard from ship naked yet. Thx Got the email, thank you Larry if you already sent an email then depending how long its been either stay patient or dm them on here Hello, I got an email that orders were fulfilled but to contact you if I didn't get my game. I sent an email to the magic meeple website. Is there anything else I need to do? Steve it is a kickstarter your a superbacker but don't understand stuff happens. I don't get you. I understand frustration but this isn't corporate America making a game it's kickstarter! Keep up the great job MMG Gamelyn . keep making awesome new games. His loss please don't make it hurt the rest of us. I got my copies very excited I got my shipping confirmation thanks the help! Steve first of all they didnt ignore you they got back to you as soon as possible, they aren't resorting to bullying and threatening they are responding appropriately to someone who is being extremely aggressive and abusive. I get you are frustrated and angry because of the delays. I was frustrated too when it was 2 weeks hearing nothing from ship naked regarding my order before it was finally dispatched. Frustration is no excuse to act this way and IF they end up canceling your order then as far as I'm concerned it would be completely justified. Please just be patient, stop attacking magic meeple games do viciously especially publicly and especially don't resort to petty and childish behaviour like changing your name to something like you did before All i tried to do was get a game to my friend before his birthday that was 2 weeks ago. Instead you first ignore me and then after that you resort to bullying and threats. Instead of trying to correct the issue for someone that had trust that you would take their money and deliver like the campaign says. Never been more disappointed with a kickstarter campaign after backing 170+. I just hope i help one other person not be burned like this and lose roughly 100$ just because the creator likes to be the internet tough guy. Hope the game is at least good for you backers that were able to get your game! Does it make you feel tough threatening to cancel someones pledge Ian S? Hiding behind your creator account. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. has my order shipped? hahahahahahaha. Shipnaked contacted me for random encounters a company that actually provided valid information to them. Guess still no word on DRV the endless hole of nothing tangible So shipnaked contacts me with a list of what i ordered and oh big shocker its not right. How hard is it to send 1 company a list of less than 1000 names and an accurate list of what they ordered. This is literally the biggest joke ive had to deal with on KSer. In what world should i have to keep track of an order you sent me a receipt for and then make sure you guys send it out right. @Steve I apologize, but I am only one person. We got a LOT of responses from the last update and we are trying to diligently work through them all in the order they were received and give them equal care and attention. Nobody is being ignored. Yes i have and no they do not respond. 2 messages sent. 1 yesterday at 3PM right after the update and again this morning at 6AM. The commenter account hasnt even posted in 3+ days. Word of Mouth is great. I hope my Word of Mouth does great things for MMG. Sending an update and then not responding when you tell people to contact you in that update. What a joke. Cant believe i bought a second copy from these jokers. @steve did you dm them? BEWARE - Makes Update to respond if you have problems but then ignores you when you respond. I haven't received mine yet in Australia. I think ShipNaked may have missed this one as I have had other projects recently fulfilled by them. Ok ship naked are officially the worst :S lot of people still havent recieved anything but theyve aparently sent me too. Im at a loss :S also it took less time to ship from usa to uk than from grmany to uk I haven't received my game - or any email from ship naked Ummm. They seem to have sent me a second copy :S Just got it in Italy, everything seems in order but still have to check the full list of tokens. The quality of the finiture is amazing, really, especially for a kickstarter, I've done quite a few but this is grade A. The only problem I see (aside from the choice of being so small, but that was advertised) is this : why did you not provide a way to keep the board in place inside the box? It seems... sloppy. Anyway, thanks for all your work. Had our first game of Darkrock yesterday, basic rules only, no sponsors, research or marauders yet. Still well received by the two other players. The back side of the player boards is a little cramped, but a useful guide for a first play through, and the abilities were quickly picked up by all involved. It was a bit of a landslide victory for me which is unusual on a worker placement game, but definitely welcome! As it stood though, the Iron Imperium seemed to be incapable of mining anything but iron for most of the game, until one of its crew members brought back a couple of samples of cobalt, and the crew of the Journey V (Boyband in Space) seemed to be intent on installing enough batteries in their ship to suck the solar arrays dry in order to power their next concert! Looking forward to trying out some of the additional rules, but the base game seems to be nice and solid, I'm loving the ability to place multiple crew onto a spot, and the finite resources available, and it seems far more approachable than other worker placements I've played. Got the Expansion Pack from BGG yesterday! I got my expansion from BGG. Order total was $77 after I ordered all of the other promos that I needed for other games, lol. Money well spent! Finally Arrived today :) Received missing blue meeple today. Thanks! Almost 3 weeks since supposedly shipped and still nothing. Received yesterday in France with no fore-notice. First game played today (3 players - no optional content) and we enjoyed it but are eager to include optional content. *And arrived in the U.K. Via Royal Mail. Arrived yesterday in the U.K., quality of everything feels very good! Looking forward to getting my first play in. For reference, it's being sent out by DHL via Deutsch Post in the EU, no evidence of tracking numbers though. The first boardgame I backed arrived in Finland today! If you do the addendum file, please include the back of the player board too. Received my game today in north Scotland, where everything takes longer to get here... :-) No alert in France but this morning... oh a game !!! It looks very nice ! Can't wait to try it ! This is really starting to miff me. Waiting waiting and waiting and nothing. Supposedly was shipped from SN two weeks ago and their tracking number still says it's in Massachusetts. @AliceXVI: I'm probably going to make my own boards. They won't be high quality, but it'll be much easier. I find the Cargo Hold especially troublesome. Ok. So. Just played my first game. 2 player. WOW!! I'm so effing happy. I still have issues with the player boards. But MAN!! Great game guys. @frank i completely agree. Everything from the meeples to the resouces doesnt quite fit on the spaces designated for them. Its only the dice and lock tokens that are the right size Still Nothing Received my game today in Northern Alberta, Canada. The components (specifically the player boards) were smaller than I expected, and a bit of a let down. But everything is beautiful. And am very excited to play. I hope it arrives for you Chantal. I was over the moon that it arrived today since I move house tomorrow >.< I really expected the game to get here this week, but nothing yet. Crossing my fingers for tomorrow, otherwise it'll probably be Tuesday at the earliest THANK SPACE GOD ITS HEEEERE FINALY. EVERY COMPONENT IS HERE NOTHING MISSING HURAH I'll keep my fingers crossed for you! Well today is going to be a mass of anxiety :( my package was dispatched on sunday but with no tracking info ive no idea where it is and can only hope and prey that it either arrives today at some point or tomorrow morining before i move back to uni :( Hmmm, there was a number on the digital receipt that looked like a tracking number format, but I wasn't sure! I guess I'll just have to wait then. @james if its like my package it wont have any tracking info :( I don't suppose anyone can tell me who Happyshops are using for delivery? I'd like to see where my package is up to! Received the game yesterday, the package was slightly damaged, the box of the game was not damaged. Will play the first game this weekend i am really excited the content looks great :) Thanks. So for research cards, if you recycle and have to choose one- do you need to discard your current one or can you discard the one you have just picked up? Thanks. So for research cards, if you recycle and have to choose one- do you need to discard your current one or can you discard the one you have just picked up? Still waiting for my game. :( Nothing today but it was sent out on sunday so Ive got my fingers crossed it arrived tomorrow I got my copy today (Austria, Europe), in great condition, minus one blue die. I am happy with the outcome. Thanks for the communication Magic Meeple Games. I still would like to know what happened with the shipping goof up. I can buy more copies of this game for my game store wholesale right? If so when will that be available? I sent them the replacement form but I have heard nothing back from them. Is there any way you can check to see what is going on. I'm in the USA @Magic Meeple So, after that last update, I'd like to re-iterate my apology. You are a class-act of a company and will have my continued support for years. Gonna go check out fire of eidolon. received mine today in brauschweig, germany @Magic Meeple Games: Thank you for sending out that last update. It has gone far to sooth my discontent. @AliceXVI: I figure you are onto something there. I hope my package gets to me, as my address is a little strange, and I always have to send special e-mails to ShipNaked to make sure they manually adjust my address. Hopefully, they have not passed on false numbers on to this Happyshops lot. They have sent a tracking number to me that finally works (I think). Looks like my drv game sat in the dhl sorting center all yesterday if their previous e-mails are accurate. Received in New Zealand. Everything looks in excellent condition. Under research cards, one of the paragraphs appears cut off. Wondering what it was supposed to say. I just sent a message, but I have not received any notification from Ship Naked. @james from what i can tell, Shipnaked are handling the main order. however they have oursourced some work to places in regions in order to make the shipping costs cheaper, due to it not shipping all the way from usa, that would be tabletop tycoon. then due to either costs or something tabletop tycoon have hired happyshops to handle everything. and its all gone horribly south and caused a ton of delays. that is my theory atm Does anyone know why the packages are late for Europe? Who are Tabletop Tycoon and Happyshops and why are they handling the packages? I thought ShipNaked was managing these things, or have I confused projects. As a backer, I would appreciate a little more transparency. Today, I get an e-mail from Happyshops with a DHL tracking number that is not found in their system, and it says in the e-mail to contact Tabletop Tycoon if I have questions. Why should I contact Tabletop Tycoon if I have a problem with Happyshops? This is seriously trying my patience. @ Torsten ... You should try contact <email> or <email> I still got nothing from Happy Shops... Any help please? What to do? Must i do something? Same for me :) Ditto :) They've told me it shipped now, so that's a plus. But while there might be a tracking number hidden among their receipt, there's no indication of what company they've shipped it with so I can't actually check. Drv is on its way for me :D Alright, the shipping information from Happyshopps is here (germany). @JPK Thanks for the heads up. Good to hear some people are getting something from Happyshops. Still nothing here though. Have we heard anything official as to progress? Finally got it near Seattle on Thursday. Everything is nice. I assume the '2 standard mining dice (frosted)' and the '1 Netronium die (black with red pips' came in the same ziploc because I didn't get either of them. I did get the 15 standard dice though. Jupiter Mining Cartel... smegtastic! @James Hancock See Update #27 (May 3 2016) about Expansion #1. They 'promised' that all backers would be able to get one one way or another if BGG sells out. If you didn't catch that one you'll want to see Update #33 (Aug 8 2016) about another promo card you'll have to hunt down if you can/want to. This one is not going to be easily or cheaply picked up on the secondary market. Still waiting in Washington. I am waiting in Europe as well with no answers. I would like to know what the hitch was. It is strange to have confirmation e-mails sent out for 'soon to be delivered' games. Even stranger not to send the games after the e-mail. What is this expansion 1 business? Are these cards/items etc. that kickstarter people got automatically, and the bgg items are for non-kickstarter customers? I have to say, I would be loath to spend money on an expasion for a game I should have but don't yet have for some unknown reason, and how am I to know if the game even could use an expasion if I have not even played it yet? I think it is a bit underhanded to have something for sale in what is often a first come first serve forum (the bgg store where 'promos' get sold out quite regularly) when customers have not even had a chance to evaulate the game. I understand that shipping is beyond the publisher's control, but it is NOT beyond the publisher's control to decide to hold onto an expansion for a reasonable amount of time (ie: 3 months) after an initial release so as to avoid a mad scramble by uninformed customers. The short-> I will be annoyed if I waste more of my money on a game I don't enjoy, and I will be annoyed if I cannot get my hands on an expansion I want to play for a game I like. Looks like it will arrive before I move. So happy Yes! Email from Happyshops! Same as Alice. I wonder if the game or the expansion pack will arrive first. @ Alice … Mail from Happyshops? My drv order was just packaged and will be shipped "as soon as possible" thank god for that Expansion Pack ordered! Shit. I dont have the money to buy it now :( Just ordered my Expansion Pack #1 Oh thanks! I just grab it right now! Expansion #1 is on BGG store right now. Get it quick to avoid hunting it down later from creator or other. Nothing beats the smell of newly grounded game in the morning... Hum, wy is there coffee on the board game and bits of woods in my coffee? Haha! Game just arrived via FedEx in Montréal! Everythings look good. Gonna try the solo variant now. Thanks Magic Meeples Game, it's was long but it's finally here. Any ways I can get the expansion other than BGG Store? Did anyone in Montréal or Quebec had more than one copies? @Torsten • Board Game Circus Thanks! Once I get playing I'm sure there will be some questions. Hopefully the BGG participants will have answered them! "Hi Alice, We are working with your local depot to get everything sorted out and your package to you. Thank you for your patience!" Not very reassuring. Looking like i might have to change my address I got an email back today from tabletop tycoon support asking for more info so they could look into it. Ill update here when i get another reply back @Mmg I am in UK and as with many other had an email on 31/8 saying about being sent my package. I emailed happyshops yesterday and got the following reply today: Hello John, we couldn´t send the package because of a mistake from Tabletop Tycoon. If you have more question please write directly to Tabletop. Wish you a nice day. Best regards Ines Schubert Please can you advise? Thanks @Greg W.: You can post questions in the forums on BGG. It is often used for such discussions and other can answer if needed. Here is the link to the page: <url>éal). I can't wait to finish work and go to play the game The happyshop email says they are shipping drv to me on behalf of tapletop tycoon @AliceXVI: Who is Tabletop Tycoon? I think they mean Ship Naked... that btw was from happyshops I got an email back from tabletop tycoon. "at the Moment we cannot send the order because of a mistake of Tabletop Tycoon. If you want t get more informations please write to Tabletop." WOW HOW NICE OF THEM TO TELL ME NOTHING FOR OVER 2 WEEKS >.> USPS says delivery tonight! @Magic Meeple Games Is there an inventory list in the Rule Book? Seeing how some components were reportedly missing from some games, I would like an expedient way to check the contents. @Simon Bermann: Shipnaked's mails was stating: "If this information is correct, you do not need to do anything." - All was correct, but nothing from HappyShops or anyone else... So i think i will be waiting much more time... I hope HappyShops is not in Essen mode and ignore all things going around now... @brian from two days ago my understanding is yes. Use the rover to move your miner - rover goes back to ship. Use miner to mine at new location. Miner goes back to ship. @ Torsten ... The first mail, from ShipNaked, on 2016-08-19, you should confirm your shipping adress. After that, you should have received a second email, from HappyShopps: "We are happy to inform you, that we will send you these games on behalf of Tabletop Tycoon." And now, the problem is, after the mail from HappyShops ... no shipping information, nothing! Miniature Market has the game for $34 right now! Kind of disappointed that they are offering below kickstarter prices... I can't imagine I'll back another game by Magic Meeple or Gamelyn now. The mail was from Ship Naked. I never got any informations from Happy Shops. Last mail I got was 19th August. When will the game arrive in Germany? do i need to order the expansion or is it being shipped separate from the game My copy arrived today! Yay! Missing one blue die, though. Why did it have to be the blue one? Why not the pink(ish) one? Shipnaked contacted - will see if they follow up. Can't wait to play, though, even if I have to steal a die from something else. I hope they can get this sorted soon. Im moving house in a little over a week ;-; Like WIllem and others, received the email that happyshops will be sending it soon and they will follow up with an email, but as yet no further email and no sign of the game. Received my copy Monday in Toledo. How do I contact Ship Naked about the missing components? I did not even receive an email from HappyShops yet. I live in Germany. Sorry, spelling mistake, <email> is corect! It is a "b" in tabletop, not a "p"! I just received a tracking notification from FedEx and the delivery of my game is planned for tomorrow (Montréal area) nvm apparenty delivery to <email> failed >.> wtf @simon ty ive sent an email to that address now asking for an update. Getting really frustrated by how bad a job the companies in charge of shipping are doing on this game I wrote to happyshops today. They have no information!? They say, I should write to <email> for shipping information!? @Jason Granat Thanks for the insights. Mine still does not show USPS has it, but estimated delivery was updates on the DHL tracking to tonight. I have no idea what that means! @Magic Meeple Games Are you planning to put out a FAQ, rules clarification, or update for rules questions? Same here (in NL/EU): Got the Happyshops mail that they will be sending DRV. "we did not send the games yet, but as soon as we do you will get an email" (31-8, now two weeks ago) Haven't gotten any email since. Wow new zealand getting theirs before UK. thats not a good sign XD Got mine in the post today, in Taranaki, New Zealand :) Received mine today in California. ambiguous rule wording aside, I played a game against myself with 3 "players" and game works great overall! @Greg / @JKP: It takes several days from the DHL to USPS hand off. ShipNaked must have gotten a nice price break recently, because they haven't always used the DHL to USPS last mile service. The unfortunately side effect is this service seems to be very slow. @JKP DHL gave mine to USPS a few days ago and no confirm from USPS either. A previous KS delivered in a similar way. It took about a week for USPS to acknowledge but then it was very fast... I have not heard from Ship Naked. I did not get an initial Address check email. I inquired last week to make sure I was in the system and got no response. DHL "Tendered to USPS" on Sept 8. 4 days ago... 10 miles away. The USPS tracking doesn't acknowledge receiving it. Where is it USPS? @magic meeple games the first happyshop email, the one in german, wasnt actually a dispatch email. Last time i delt with them i got 2, an email to confirm they had something for me like the drv one i got and then an actual dispatch email. So far no dispatch so it appears to not even have been posted yet also for the rover station, do both the person on the rover and the person on the mining station get used up? I feel like there should be a rules faq section Mine came today. Love that there is so much room in the box, enough to add expansions one day. Off topic, is there a corporate sponsor that immediately recruits your captain present in the game already? The rules make mention of it but I can't find one that does. Also does the lock symbol indicate starting lock space or number of open bays at the start? DHL says they handed it off to USPS in a neighboring town! Not acknowledged by USPS yet, but I think (hope) to see the game soon! I was informed by SN that they don't have my order in the system. @ AliceXVI ... The same problem! Got my game yesterday in WI. Looks great. I got my email from happyshops.com on the 31st of august and no word since. This is getting rediculous now :( Hi I received an email earlier this week, but it was in German so I deleted it, thinking it was some kind of weird EuroSpam. Now I'm thinking it was regarding the dispatch of DRV. I'm in the UK, has anyone received anything similar? Thanks Got it Friday and played it today! We played the basic game with no variants. We need to get used to the dice mechanism for mining. Nothing in Portland, OR; Ship Naked won't return my inquiries. I have received 2 other games just fine from them. Just got my copy today! ~ Texas @Simon I was wondering the same thing. I'm kinda glad it's not just me. Was starting to worry. Got my copy today in Minnesota and it is in perfect condition. Everything looks fantastic, especially the spot UV on the board. Really happy I backed this! Just got mine in Alabama. I'm missing the Cobalt and Neutronuim tokens. :( Mine was handed from DHL to USPS 2 days ago... 10 miles away. The USPS tracking doesn't acknowledge that. Where is it USPS? Dayton, Ohio here, and got mine yesterday afternoon. All components accounted for, no damages of any kind. Looks awesome, and can't wait to play. Thanks! There was a mail from happyshops.com (germany), on 2016-08-31: "We are happy to inform you, that we will send you this games on behalf of Tapletop Tycoon, 1x Darkrock Ventures!". But after this … nothing!? Just received my copy and I'm upset. My game has a big cut in the box like someone opened the container with a knife and dug into it. I emailed the shipping company about a replacement. But now I have to wait to open and play the game since I'm not sure what they will say. I am in mid Ohio and it still hasn't updated since sept 6 early in the AM. I just don't get it. My copy just arrived today in Southern Ohio. Looks good. Thanks! Got the game today! I went back and checked, I don't have any emails from Shipnaked about the game...not sure if they got eaten by a spam folder or just never sent? But I'm not worried about the email; I'm glad for the lovely little box! What compares to new game smell? I now have a tracking number with DHL. Looks like it should deliver next week! Totally cool if this happens! @Pablo Actually mine just arrived today. I didn't have an estimated delivery until just this morning. So all is well. Hope everyone enjoys their copy when it comes. @Jonathan & @Johnathon: Mine was tendered to USPS yesterday and the estimated delivery is today. What is your estimated delivery date? Did it come and go? @Jonathan Hobson Same here. My package has been tendered to USPS since September 6th, and it is just stuck there. The USPS tracking info hasn't been updated either. DHL is the worst shipping method in the US now and are super slow. Hopefully it will get moving soon. So weird. My copy has been stuck in Kentucky for 3 full days after being tendered to USPS. Ever since ship naked switched to DHL their shipment times have been horrible. They used to be pretty decent and even arrived early sometimes, but now pretty disappointed with them. Too bad so many kickstarters use them still. No need to go that far Ian :P I just hope i get an actual shipping confirmation soon >.< I move back up to uni in just over 2 weeks and I want to be able to take this game with me to university Also got an email indicating Ship Naked would process my order, but no tracking or confirmation that it was or would mail soon. Still glad that there was some communication! Got the shipping label created email but no shipped email. Decided it to check the tracking number and saw DHL transferred it to USPS this morning. Guessing mine should be showing up Friday or Saturday. I've got the e-mail rom SN since 19.8 telling me "Your order (#DARKROCK-511732) has been uploaded to our system and will be shipping in the future once campaign processing is finished. " No tracking number since, no e-mail about a label created, nothing... Aren't shipping sppose to end last week? Yeah, still no email back from ship naked after filling out their form. I don't know what's going on. Still waiting for an email about shipping... So the last time happyshops was dealing with delivery of something, vast: the crystal caverns, they shipped it 2 days after the notification email. With drv its been almost a week with no dispatch. Meanwhile the stuff i got a notification about from ship naked AFTER drv have just shipped I received a Ship Naked tracking number on Sept 1st, the link is USPS but it directs to DHL tracking. As of now (4 days later) the tracking is just Label printed. I suppose that DHL will deliver to USPS just like Fed Ex does and then USPS will deliver the package to actual address. My experience with DHL have not been very good, I hope they are better this time. Still no emails on this KS... Got the first SN e-mail but no trcking number yet.. Still no Ship Naked contact (including in the spam folder), but hopefully tomorrow! My tracking number with DHL is now active and is showing a delivery date of Sept. 8! Woo! Just got the tracking. Hopefully they'll ship it soon. Too late for me to play it this summer... When is the mini-expansion coming out in the BGG store? @JKP: I also received one of those emails, and it included a tracking number (shipping via DHL). I've never received such an email so I don't have a lot of experience to draw on, but I remain hopeful. Just got a 'label created' email from ShipNaked 17 minutes ago. Normally I'd get excited but my SN experience says that it will sit at 'label created but not shipped' for a week or two. Now just need to find out when the expansion will be at BGG Store. Nothing from Ship Naked on this project. Received 2 other notifications on different projects. Thanks! Looking forward to my shipping notice! I also send a second inquiry to ShipNaked and have yet to receive any response. I have checked my spam and don't see anything there as well. No word from ShipNaked yet... Do they have a time table on when they're going to start shipping? I got the same thing Thomas I just got an email from Happyshops informing me that they will deliver the game on behalf of Tabletop Tycoon. Anyone from Canada (West coast) get anything yet? I just sent my second inquiry to Ship Naked. No response from the first inquiry and no shipping confirmation (including checks of my spam folder)... I haven't received anything from Ship Naked with regards to this project. Did hear from them on another project last week. I filled out the form hopefully I'll hear back. I'm still waiting on Ship Naked too... I did get a delivery confirmation from them on another project, so at least they know I exist! That's true. It's almost here... I'm hoping to get the notice this week as the confirmations went out last week. Yeah i think we're all frustrated by the delays marc but atleast its finally almost here The odd thing is, with an April delivery date, I was hoping to get to play this before going back to school (I teach) next week. Looks like that's probably not going to happen. I hope FoE goes better with fulfillment as I backed that too. During the FoE campaign, the FAQ / Info at the bottom said that DRV would be delivered during the FoE campaign and that it was on the way. That could mean that it was loaded on the ship during that time, but it's been a good and long time and I'm slightly frustrated with this. KS projects routinely deliver late, and this isn't the KS I had to wait for the longest after the expected delivery date, but it's still frustrating that I won't be able to play this before the school year starts. Ah well. It is what it is. Still no contact from Ship Naked, either in the form of shipping or address confirmation, nor to my direct inquiry to them... Any word on where ship naked is with fulfillment on this one? Hoping to get it this week for game night! No confirmation from Ship Naked for this game for me either. I got confirmation from a different game, but they haven't sent me one for this one. They missed my name for another game earlier this year. Do they always have problems with backers that may have multiple projects with them? Can you check and see that they have actually sent notifications to all backers of DRV? Got my address confirmation 8 days ago with nothing since. Got an email yesterday from them and got excited but it was just an address confirmation for 2 other kickstarter games, dreamwell and retreat to darkmoor by action phase games, that are also being prepared to be shipped out XD @MMG: Any update on when ShipNaked will ship out the games? I was hoping to play it sometime this summer before the school year starts again and I have a full teaching schedule. I have not even received the address verification! I will contact Ship Naked tonight when I get home from work. It shouldn't, but it freaks me out to have to chase them to get this done... Hope this can be sorted out! This is one of two products I backed that are "lost in space" with Ship Naked! Got an address confirmation email on Friday (live in Pac NW), but nothing since in either of my inbox or junk folders. It said they "will be shipping in the future once campaign processing is finished." So I'm guessing that, whatever campaign processing is, ShipNaked is not quite done with it. Haven't gotten anything from shipnaked yet either. Nothing in Spam folder : ( Still no confirmation email, BTW... @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for that info! I was wondering if I should take action yet having not received a confirm... Got my confirm email days ago. Still nothing on actual shipping. Are all the packages coming from usa or from regional distribution points? Does this mean we can expect a shipping notification soon? Still no email from Ship Naked : ( got the address confirmation email from ship naked, Portland OR. Still no notification for me (SW USA) : ( Same as Martin Montreal, QC, Canada, just received my address verification! Just got my address verification too. I hope that means our shipments should follow shortly. Got mine as well here in the USA! Just had an email from Ship Naked for confirmation of my address. Looks like the EU shipping might begin soon! Anyone received shipping confirmation yet? thx for update. looking forward to get this on my table @Magic Meeple Thanks for the information! I check my email compulsively looking for the shipping confirmation! Four months isn't terrible at all, especially when we have pictures of the final product. I'm excited to see a confirmation that shipping started though. Yeah...4 months late...not terrible in Kickstarter terms, but disappointing since we don't even know if the ship has docked or if the distributing agent has the games.... Honestly, I just am really excited about the idea of trying this game out! Yeah the delays were pretty crazy :( I hope they start arriving soon Yup! Project funded on August 12th of last year! I'd love to know if the shipment arrived in the US yet. I know that MMG were awaiting confirmation over GenCon. Has it already been a year since this game has been funded? not a complaint, just an observation. We should start seeing it in mail soon. Anyone get a shipping confirmation from Ship Naked yet? From the Fire of Eidolon campaign: "Special Darkrock Ventures promo card included for all backers of Fire of Eidolon. KS Limited-Exclusive Bonus! Our extra special appreciation for the backers that got us here! Thank you! BONUS! Every Kickstarter copy of Fire of Eidolon will include an exclusive promo for our previous project, Darkrock Ventures! Thank you to all of the backers that helped us get here today!!" So... A) Thank you, DV backer, for your support! Enjoy this Limited/Exclusive card as a token of our thanks and appreciation. B) Thank you, DV backer, for your support! Go buy a game you don't want for $24 for a token of our thanks of our thanks and appreciation. ... I don't know about you but one of those options sure sounds more "special appreciation" and thankful than the other. The other sounds like a lure to buy a new game, which is fine as a business move but don't mask it as a thank you. I guess I have 33 hours to decide whether or not to pay the ransom and get the promo card. Lets just hope two things, 1) I won't like FoE so I don't have to ransom up for the FoE promo in the next campaign. 2) The announced plan to include a promo from the last game in the new game campaign stays at 1 promo from LAST game only. If it starts being 'buy our new game and get exclusive promos from our last 2 games' then I'll go nuts. @Magic Meeple Games I greatly appreciate you letting us know the progress! I can't wait to see the shipping notice from Ship Naked! An update of any kind would be great @Magic Meeple Games I should have said, "more" news. Per your last post we may see the start of deliveries in the next week to 10 days. I couldn't be more excited! @Magic Meeple Games The game looks fantastic in those pictures! Really hope there is news soon on fulfillment! @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for responding! Good to know! I agree with Grayson, that paper doesn't leave much to protect the game box. You must have delivery services who take much greater care in Arizona. I fear for my game box underneath that paper wrapping. � Thanks for the update! Thanks for the update about the shipping and the Promo Card. I hope that ship has smooth sailing with the wind at her back! From the FoE campaign: "Every Kickstarter copy of Fire of Eidolon will include an exclusive promo for our previous project, Darkrock Ventures!" Is this promo available outside of the FoE campaign? @MMG Hey guys, did you ever get a card count list and size confirmation? If you did and could share it with us, I'd appreciate that. Thanks! Can't wait to see an email from Ship Naked! any chance I can still update my mailing address Fantastic! Any luck on that update? @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for letting us know what you know! Looking forward to the new shipping update! Hello, would like to hear if there is any news about shipping.. Even an update saying your are waiting for answer just like me would be great. Thank you! @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for the link, I wasn't a winner : ( Congratulations to all the winners! Thank you also for the info on manufacturing and shipping! @Magic Meeple The giveaway closed on 06/20/2016, where can we see the results? I'm hoping to find my name among the winners ; ) Also, any update on production and delivery? @Creator Check the Scythe updates if you can, the Canada Post strike will absolutely impact your shipping! @Rainer Ahlfors No, it is not. No offense intended to Magic Meeple... @Greg: It's not a Magic Meeple game ... While we all wait for Darkrock Ventures, take a look at Lairs <url>#1 included in our DRV pledge from stretch goals? Or is it something backers and non-backers alike both have to buy in addition to base game? @Magic Meeple Games Great update and fantastic news! @Magic Meeple - I know, but there's still that faint twinge when I hear about a game not using linen finish . . . Ever since I first played Battlestar! I'm sure you'll do us proud with the board though :D @Magic Meeple Games Fantastic! Thanks for all your hard work and creativity! @Magic Meeple Any chance your next update (coming soon I hope) will indicate shipping estimates? I have to say, there was a little twinge inside when I read about not getting the linen finish, but it makes sense given that UV Spotting was a stretch goal. Still . . . Linen finish :p @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for the update...and the 14" board! Things are looking great! Any ETA on shipping? @Magic Meeple Games Fantastic! Can't wait for the news! Any news on that picture we saw on Facebook? Great update! Can't wait actually unbox this game! Thanks! @Magic Meeple Games How about an official update? Even a short note would be appreciated! That's definitely foresight with doing the components in advance! Hopefully this won't delay it by too much. Thanks for the quick response! You guys are great at this! Push the button on printing? The cards / boards aren't printed yet? Won't that make this a little late? (I'm cool with that, just asking.) when the games start shipping? I saw the picture on Facebook! I love the pre-production prototype boxes! Looking forward! @Magic Meeple Games Great to have an update! It is also great to have another game to look forward to from you all! +1 anticipating an update... Hope for a update soon. This will be a fun game, can't wait until It releases. I am so pumped for this game. The layout reminds me a bit of Alien Frontiers, which is an amazing game. Hey fellow backers of Darkrock Ventures: Take a look at Nightmare Forest: Dead Run Simple mechanic and great art! Just another possible game to follow while we wait to go asteroid mining! Managed to have a brief look, looks good so far! @Magic Meeple Games I love the look of the new dice and the meeples! I hope you health issues pass... For those that frequent BGG they are having their annual "most anticipated games" thread. <url>#item4336575 Vote for Darkrock! The big guns are having contests for their products, but I would love to see this game make the list. @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for dropping in on the thread! @MagicMeepleGames Nevermind. I realized I had two different pledgemanager accounts. Found it. @MagicMeepleGames I just realized I don't think I did the pledge manager. It went to an old email address, and I think it's been removed from my box. @Magicmeeples, Hello lads, how is the final version of the PnP doing? any news? @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for the great news! Hope you all have a safe and hHappy New Year! @Magic Meeple Games Will we see another update in January? Spaceos for the win I have a change in address, How can I change that so my item doesn't get sent to the old one? @MagicMeepleGames - I have yet to get the PledgeManager email. I was told that it was resent. I watched my email like a hawk and nothing came. I am trying to locate an account on the pledgemanager site with the email I used here. The button for finding your account doesn't seem to do anything. Can anyone help me? @Magic Meeple Games. Thanks for the update. @MagicMeepleGames It sounds like the board is possible, which would be great! Thanks for your time and the update! Such a tease =) Any new word on the board size? @Magic Meeple Games Here's wishing you all the best in this endeavor. I agree that your talent (more than luck) will carry you through! Thanks for touching base with us out here! @Nicolas: Luckily, it can be! Come January, it will be a mere 3 months away! @Magic Meeples Games: You're welcome. However, thank YOU for bringing us fun and entertainment through games. I wish April 2016 could be closer than 5 months away. That's awesome - follow your dreams! Good luck.....although I'm sure as long as you keep doing what you do so well, then luck won't be needed :) @Magic Meeple Games Love the dice, and can't wait to see your game hit our gaming table! @Mark: You should be able to just log in here (using your KS email address): <url>"promoted" Darkrock Ventures too on other closed Kickstarters in the hopes to draw more attention to the game which I hope actually helped Magic Meeple receive more pledges of support. Best of luck to you, even though we clearly don't agree here : ) I don't think you understand why that might be inappropriate, so I'll just opt not to argue it further. I'll consider looking if the campaign owner promotes it. Otherwise, personally, I specifically avoid KS projects advertised in unrelated campaigns. @Rainer Ahlfors Magic Meeples game is fully funded, so my mentioning another game does not compete with them. I learned about Darkrock Ventures from a similar set of comments on the thread of another game I had backed. The Kickstarter community (at least the game portion) often shares things they find interesting about ongoing projects on threads of finished projects. More games and more cross promotion helps everybody win. I hope you'll check out some of the other games out there... @Greg: Why are you marketing other projects in the campaign of an unrelated company? Seems unfair to Magic Meeple ... Anybody else interested in Road to Infamy? They are reportedly planning component upgrades as we saw here with Darkrock Ventures! The game looks well designed and fun... For any checking out RAGNAROLL... A fifth player option is being added! I hope some of you will take a look... @Rainer Åhlfors Magic Meeple is a game company run by gamers and not marketers! I love when the smaller projects get their chance against some of the bigger players! Another struggling little company has a Kickstarter I hope you'll check out...RAGNAROLL. The creator of RAGNAROLL, like the folks at Magic Meeple, is very active and responsive to both the threads and any PMs. I agree with all the recent praise! This was a campaign well run, and backers well cared for! @Magic Meeple Games I am sincerely excited about your game and am thrilled to have participated in your Kickstarter. I love games, like yours, built by gamers for gamers! In addition to your attention to this thread, you have used every opportunity to make your game better and better looking. It is going to wow my game group, who do not follow Kickstarter campaigns (we are a bunch of old Grognards)! @Cal "crblackhawk" Rasmussen I have to agree that it is really great the way Magic Meeple has kept up their communication! I like backing smaller projects that are the love child of fellow gamers! If anyone reading this is looking for another dice management game, take a look at RAGNAROLL. The creator is very active in the thread for his game, and like the good folks here at Magic Meeple deserves a shot at getting his game made. @Magic Meeple Games. Awesome! Thank you for the reply. Projects like this that reply to the backers are awesome and makes me want to back new projects from them! So thank you again. You have earned a continuous supporter! Any more news on the board yet? @Magic Meeple As of this update it sounds like there will be both a survey and pledge manager combined, did I read that right? @Magic Meeple Will we be receiving a survey or is your next planned step the Pledge Manager? Create and send an email link for us KS supporters so we can send it out to our mailing lists. Awesome! Really excited about all the hard work you've done! When can we expect to see one of them kickstarter forms to fill out? Being very new to the KS process, I was wondering when the link to the PNP deluxe was going to post. The final version looks superb. Gonna really enjoy bringing this to my gaming group. Oops wrong comment section! Will the semihex pattern be printed edge to edge on the 3X4 matts? The examples on the Campaign page appear to be 3X4 proportionally, and that is how they look. Also, I am assumiing the colors shown are the options available (and that the colors will print close to these examples). This is by far one of the best companies I've backed. Not only are you guys completely transparent and open but you've provided us with so many Stretch goals that it isn't even funny. I can't explain how stoked I am for this game. Please continue you to keep us up to date on everything! Good luck, now the hard part begins! When can we expect to see some sort of survey thing? Will the Print-n-Play also include a larger board for printing? @Chris Scroll down in Campaign: there is a video by "Table for Two". Excellent!! Shows you how the game is played. Does someone know where I can see a play through of this game. It looked interesting in word and concept which is why i backed it but I still would like to see it in action @Magic Meeple Games Thanks for responding about the co-op rules. The standard game play-thoughs I've viewed look awesome! The added feature of a co-op/solo play feature is very exciting, as I game with a group that favors co-op games. You all have really created a fantastic game and I thank you! @MMG - Along with other backers I'm very pleased with your enthusiasm and generosity. However, try not to make too many promises. If you can't deliver on anything or the project runs late on delivery the tide will turn and there will be a mob telling you how terrible you are, if not questioning your honesty and ethics. It's great that you're doing all you can for us, but try not to get your hands too tied up ;). Good luck to you sir, I'm very pleased to have helped make your first KS project a reality. Thanks so much everyone! What an amazing campaign and I look forward to joining you on the next one! :) Great update, thanks! I appreciate the transparency on the board size, hope you will be able to make the increase happen. And if not, I am confident you tried. Is there a rule set that can be viewed for the solo/cooperative rules? I have read through some of the comments and postings, but haven't seen a link. I love that this game is coming out and also add myself in the group of followers you have won over with your fantastic communication and handling of this kickstarter! Congrats Ian! You guys are doing great! Early morning here in Sweden and what an update waking up to, just great! MMG has managed this KS-campaign like they never done anything else! You have listened to us as your investors and customers. Looking forward to follow your company in the future! Best of luck!! Wow, fantastic update for an amazing finale of an awesome game! I was on edge for the whole of the last day and night! Love that one of my final messages was read out in the live play and more so in the update, got that warm fuzzy feeling! +1 Extra $1-2 to make sure big board is viable if need be. Enough rambling... Well done everyone! First of all.. thank you guys for an awesome campaign. :) just saw now how well it made it. im very excited to get this one to my door. And second of all, love the last update, you guys are pushing every button, to make our bigger board happen, like the way you have worked with us backers and heard our oppinions about the hole thing. so i hope it will come with that 14"x14" , and as many other ppl said, i would also like to pledge a few more $ to make it happen. BUT. lets see how everything turns out. and for now just be happy with this awesome game/campaign. Cheers! Looking forward to the final quote. Would be awesome to get a bigger board, but do what you gotta do because all I want is that game to arrive at my doorstep with me dancing fanatically. Congratulations, nice job everyone :) I'll have no problem adding $1-2 for a bigger board. I rather say "oh, thats's big", then "that's a little small". Cheers! I am definitely looking forward to this game! I backed this game in the last hours and am so pleased to be a participant! I was a late backer of Zombicide BP (where I heard about Darkrock). The game looks great and I am really excited about the cooperative rules. The group I game with loves cooperative games. +1 for the idea of kicking in another $1 on the pledge manager toward the larger board. While the bigger board would definitely be nice, the pessimist in me thinks the smaller board might actually be the better option. Two of the projects I've backed have ran out of money mid-fulfillment due to unexpectedly high shipping costs (mainly caused by SGs), and I'd hate that to happen to this one as well. Congratulations Michael, Ian, Trish, and anyone else at Gamelyn. Now... get some rest. You guys probably all need it. Here's to hoping that nobody wakes up to a haboob tomorrow :p Congratulations! Ooh its 900. My mistake but still hope we can get it though. We were 400 short for the bigger board. Lets hope we can still get it...lets wait for the update. Congrats! Ian and Magic Meeple! Good job everyone! This gonna be a great game. Hopefylly we gonne get the bigger board. DRW would never loose buyers due to a bigger board. But maybe the other way around. But I'm really glad we made this game what it is now! Can't wait to play it. Cheers!! Congratulations on a successful campaign! =) Congratulations to Ian, Michael, and all of us fans. Well done! CONGRATS!!!! Congrats to everyone! We will all hopefully find a way to that bigger board that my bratwurst fingers need so bad!!! Just have an add on for a dollar to donate towards the upgraded board. Problem solved. Alright! Congrats on a great campaign! Yeah if we all just kick in a buck more we'll have it, during the survey step! Just need everyone to add 75 cents Everyone could add a couple dollars to their pledge during the Survey.... I would. REALLY??? Just shy of $900 to get the better board! I going to refer to it as the little boy's board. So close, great work though! 226% funded, awesome work everyone!!!! I forgot to say that... Impressive indeed!!!! That's disappointing. Sooo close. I guess we'll have to get by with the little girls size board. Oh well. Wow, two days with you full-time on the campaign trail and I was on the edge of my seat! I had that logo at the top of 5 other game threads, and the adrenaline was pumping! Just $876 short of the bigger boards, that was epic!!! All I can say is that I will very very much be looking forward to getting this game in the post! :D Right on!! Way to go, guys!! Looks like an incredibly awesome game!! Can't wait. Woo! Go us! WooHoo! Congratulations, @MagicMeeple! 963 backers, $56,624 raised, and after things looked so doomed in the first week, we knocked a heckuva lot of stretch goals out of the park! Way to go, everyone! ...now to begin the waiting... Congrats to you guys!!! Was gonna pledge $900 more but decided not to. Sorry :) Drum roll... Congrats Quick, someone pledge another $1k! :) 5 min!!! Thanks Trish John I am hoping for a small miracle for the bigger board @Vas - The x6 was intended for game stores. Pretty solid discount overall. Too bad there is not an option for Gamestores. I got the x2 goal Just so I could put one on my Playtest shelf and one on my actual shelf. Wow, it's like more backers are trying to eBay snipe this. � HI Magic Meeples Just wondering as we are going to be only $1.5K off the bigger board stretch goal which is very close. Any chance that you can fulfill this goal anyway? I would feel ripped off if the retail version was a larger board Thanks John 64 minutes to go! As a late backer myself who has followed this game, i kept checking back in, and not only has the progress of the game blown me away, but the development of stretch goals, content, well balanced elements, and fantastic community, backers and creator alike are amazing. If you are watching and wondering, go for it, this is a great fun game, and not an epically long one, like most worker placement ones are. I was convinced without a doubt by the game and the creators replies to me! Just $1711 to go for the bigger game boards now, if you want another copy (Christmas presents), why not?! 26 Twitter followers needed, join, get your friends on Twitter to join and tweet... So close!! Facebook, we smashed it, thank you everyone, last target reached! So close to a larger board and breaking 1k backers! What a day! Woot! 450 FB likes! Come on! Bigger board are just around the corner!! <url>"x10"x2.5" for anyone else who would have to actually look that up. @Ian Just so you know, the facebook/twitter link on the stretch goals image is broken. It all takes you to your twitter account. Not sure if you were aware so I wanted to give you a heads up! Thanks! @Creator/Ian, although I missed the bulk of the campaign (was checking in), the buzz is truly amazing! This project has blown me away from a maybe to a must have! So much so I approached a games company I love in the UK as it fits them perfectly. Let's see where that goes, but I see stretch goals falling!!! If your Avatar is still not representing this game, change it up for this one that I made (and our creator approved) or the others on the campaign page: <url>"thank you" enough and am thrilled to see what happens in the next 7 hours. Cheers! I think I'm going to be on the edge of my seat for the next ~7 hours, hoping we get another ~$5k+ in pledges. The amount of Stretch goals in this KS are Astounding. You my good people know how to treat your backers. I am so pumped for this game. @Caleb - Yup. It's a pretty impressive run at this point. I've lost count of just how many times the hype level has increased for me. 8 hours left, can we get that bigger board? So many goals crushed! I would be strongly considering buying multiple copies of this game with all of the Kickstarter content. Great work guys and hopefully one last surge to get the larger board. I will keep an eye out for your future campaigns (at least I hope there will be future ones). The game is better every time I check on the progress of the campaign! Very exciting to see so many venturers smashing SGs into little, dark rocks. Woohoo! Spot UV! At this point, we are truly getting a SUPER high quality product. There are a couple of goals left to take this to the next level, but what's been accomplished so far is nothing short of amazing! @Koendert - Awesome! We are thrilled to have you onboard! @Josh / Jan - Thank you! Mr and Mrs Meeple are stellar organizers and have a real passion for this sort of thing. I can tell you for certain that they are even more committed to making this a great product than you can imagine. OK, head cheerleader, signing off. I am sure there will be an update fairly soon, once the chaos of the domestic morning has passed. (I work at 6am, so I get my crazy out early.) If you are a BGG member go over and thumb this entry and comment on it etc....maybe we can get some more backers from there in the last 12 hours!! <url>#20018275 Ahhh Its nice to wake up and see 50K and UV......Now lets get that bigger board!!! I have just bludgeoned one of your current ones and your boardgame itself together using photoshop... here it is: <url>" board.....A nice SG to wake up to here in Sweden. By the way, this is one of the best managed KS I´ve supported. All other game developers should look at how this Kickstarter is executed and do the same. I'm so amped about backing this project. Just a bit more Continued from msg below: Per Wikopedia, "Due to the normally high solids content of UV coating/varnish the surface of the cured film can be extremely reflective and glossy." I can see this being a net negative rather than a plus, if the glare keeps you from reading the highlighted text on the board at certain angles . . . I would favor the larger board. 14 inches folded in quarters is only 7 in, so I would hope that it would not need a larger box. I'm a little concerned that the UV gloss would make the text hard to read in critical areas, depending on the lighting. Come on peeps. I need that bigger board!!!! My big fat hands thank you in advance!!! Bigger board!!! Much needed. Heres hoping we get there! Whoa, over 800 backers now! Hurry...we meet the next goal.....delicious juicy UV spots before you get it wrote....lol!!! I'm with Jan, Morten, Brant and Chuck for the14" board. I can procure/make a dice tray. Magic Meeples awaits with anticipation, hand on CTRL V for the pasting of a green Unlock!! ;-) Less than 500 from MORE CARDS!!! Woot Woot!!! Maybe a stupid question. but is there some sort of "mail list", newsletter or something you can subscribe to, to get info on upcoming games and such? don't want to miss cool stuff ;) I'm with Morten, Brant and Chuck. 14" board. I always use a dice tray. Im with Brant and chuck. the dice tray in the lid is not so importent (to me at least), maybe im just silly also, because I always try to take good care of my games, and i would be sad to se a lid crash/break in a corner due to unlucky use :) so. i'll also put my coin to the bigger board. Also would like to see what comes up next. and can't wait to try this game, looks like lots of fun :) I agree with Chuck. Use the money for a bigger board or just save it for your next project's development costs if the board size increase becomes infeasible. I'd like to see what your company does after this. My single opinion is that I could careless if the interior box has art on it...I use dice trays anyway..again just this backers opinion. I would put everything into a larger board at this point, for me at least...I hope the information that you gather comes in favorable. Silly question ... if I pledge $1 now, will I be able to get the KS version of the game as an add-on through PledgeManager? Thanks. Thanks Barry, that made my day! :D @Rich You've made an excellent choice for a first Worker Placement game. As Mr and Mrs Meeple will attest to, I normally have QUITE the "strong" reaction to worker placement games. In fact, I've been known to get quite animated about my opinions thereof, and yet I love this game. Couldn't be happier with the way it turned out! This will be my first worker placement game. I am excited to get it on the table. My two cents, I would prefer a 14 x 14 board over Spot UV if it comes down to a one or the other decision. Just jumped in. looks like a very cool game, looks forward to play it for sure. :) Another one bites the dust! The sheer amount of tail being kicked in the last few days is stunning, humbling, and thrilling. There are too many verbal and literal high-five's going around the Magic Meepleverse to count. You all rock, keep it up! Hey - you asked about board size. While I get the small-board feel and small table footprint, I think the 14" is a good size. Still smaller than many games, but makes it feel a little more "produced." I'd be a fan of that size, if it all fits. #DRVbacker Almost have more CUSTOM MEEPLES!!!! Option C for sure. I think you are running a great campaign....wasn't sure whether to back a week ago, but couldn't say no with all that you've achieved with the game to date! Here's hoping we smash through another handful of stretch goals (they all sound great)! I may be in a minority on this, but I don't really want to upgrade the normal meeples as i want them to be very different from the captains, and therefore easily identifiable. I'd prefer that money go towards any of the other stretch goals first. I may be an outlier, but I like the 12x12 board. I've become a fan of big play value in small, portable formats. @creator Great update......I'm still in for a 14" board. :) While I was reading comments about player aids & board sizes, it looks like we passed another stretch goal. Woo, upgraded player boards! I think the larger board is a great idea. 14" board...please I like option C also. New players and my kids almost always use reference cards as reminders. Also helps if it's been a while since playing. I can make and print my own sheat-sheet. I can't print my own 14" board :) @Creators, do you have any intention on increasing the size of the board? 15 inches would be good. And also, sometimes you don't play the game for a while and you and up forgetting how it is played and you don't have time to go through the rulebook all over again, so it is good to have a cheat sheet. Option C, It is much easier to explain for new people how the play the game with reference sheets. Option "A"....and a 14" board I think option "B" would be better. I find the addition of a couple little cheat sheets very handy while teaching a new card/ board game to anyone. Having played many times on the 10" board, I think the 12" upgrade is near mandatory, and 14" should still better still, especially with the custom tokens having dimensions that may be larger than the original cubes. I'm all for the idea. LIVE play is happening right now: <url>–I'm genuinely sorry if you found my words to be snarky or insulting in any way; that was not my intent at all. I was only trying to share my enthusiasm & perspective on Twitter and the great community I've found there among hobby game designers & enthusiasts. I had soured on Twitter for a long time myself, and it was the gaming community that really drew me back in and made it a great place to be again. I apologize for any distress I may have added to, and I hope it hasn't soured you on evangelizing according to your own strengths & preferences—I certainly haven't talked *in person* to 60+ people about Darkrock Ventures! Thanks for all you're doing! @MagicMeeple –I'd definitely welcome a little-bigger board. I played on the 10" board, which was too small. I think 12" would be perfectly serviceable, though it would still *feel* a little small. I don't think the board should go over 14" (unless bigger components come along for the ride), or I think the board might feel too sparse; probably it'll need a bit of an art overhaul to take advantage of all that extra space, if you do go with 14". Maybe really make the asteroid a bigger hero on the board. I'm getting really excited about the game, the more stretch goals we rack up; Darkrock Ventures was a good value before, but now I'm going to have a real hard time waiting for it to arrive. The next couple days are going to be awesome; I just know it! We got Meeples!!!!! Kaboom! Meeple Time! A. Back of book reference is fine. Save the money for a bigger board!! I would love to see a larger board...I have bratwursts for fingers...so I knock everything around when I play Catan ;-) Bigger is better...... Just a note on the Facebook/Twitter thang.......I am impartial to both....I use them...I personnlay like Facebook better....but thats just a personal choice.....but...as Ashley was stating...I can see where she is coming from...albeit another "site"......I am always "surprised" on how many backers are not active users on BGG or not a member at all...I just can't imagine being a board game looney ( I assume we all are ) ....and not belonging to BGG.....but thats why they make a green car, red car, yellow car etc... By the way ashley...you are not an idiot by any means quite the opposite...I appreciate your enthusiasm at your FLGS.....tweets, no tweets...we are all in this together! I like the idea of a compact game, however normally I play with a group. So for me a larger board would be awesome. I'm happy either way though. Glad to see more stretch goals have been surpassed and others added! @creator I'd love a bigger board. I don't need a huge board but I think that 14"x14" is better. That's a litte bit more airy. And I think this great game diserves that. (excuse my Swedish English) :) @teel and yeah good job I guess for telling me im an idiot because I don't use twitter and really classy of the creator of the game to back you on calling me an idiot because I spent an entire day of mine trying to get people to use the social media outlets that you guys are obviously big fans of, to support this project and they said they don't tweet. so I think then now ill just do something else instead of trying to get people interested in this. so yeah thanks for the snarky feedback I wont mention my enthusiasm for this game AGAIN @ creator like I said it all well and good to say that but if either of you would please just get a small percent like say %5 of these THOUSANDS of people who are using twitter to follow then we would smash that social goal. so im not upset that we likely wont be getting those cards and I can tell both you guys adamantly are twitter users but I simply don't see results. and I WANT TO. please prove me wrong so I can get those 2 extra cars. its like your insistent that this will work and im just asking you to let me know when it does. and for the record I remember myspace and there are still people that sound just like you defending it against facebook. personally I just don't really care it was just an observation, and the numbers I gave as part of my observation were not made up they were me asking ACTUAL people that shop in game stores. im going to go tomorrow to banes and nobles and hang out for a while and ask people there. hopefully it bear fruit I also think this will be a great game and I can't wait to play it. Just wondering, isn't 12"x12" a bit small with all meeples, tokens and dices? Especially in a 4-5p game. It's a pitty if all you see is the the things put on the board and nothing of the artwork and text on the board. Maybe 16"x16" would be better? I understand if this is a problem change. @teel yeah I know people are on twitter but obviously (since we arnt hitting those social SG's) it seem like a lot. perhaps you could tweet to those millions of people about this game and then get them to retweet and then my on SILLY LITTLE NONISSUE would be resolved. its all good and well to say how vast and iclusive twitter is but I STOPPED using it because ei found that mostly I was getting useless unimportant tweets about stuff that I really had to way of interacting with other than to tweet or re tweet. and, this has nothing to do with this game, but I felt that forcing people to express them selves in like 300 or so characters leads to misunderstanding and bullshit. I cant tell you how bored and sick I am of seeing people villianized or attacked because they sent out a tweet that maybe didn't exactly express their ideas exactly. So in short Ive been there and seen that and was unimpressed which is why I don't tweet anymore. and why I would guess that the 60+ people I asked in the game store (which is this projects target market after all) also did not tweet or had any interest in tweeting. I seriously WITH NO ANTITWITTER AGENDA ask everyone I met if they would tweet about this so we could hit these social SG's and only a handful said they used twitter. not my demographic and I don't care if other people are plugged into the twitterverse. I just noticed that in the last year or so that the people I know and am around don't tweet anymore. Oh man, only 6k to go for linen finish and we haven't even hit the 48 hour mark? I'm so excited to see the sharp spike in pledges! @ashley –I'd guess it's in part because there's an *amazing* community of thousands of board game designers, reviewers, and enthusiasts on Twitter, all talking together, working together, sharing ideas, talking about the games they're playing and loving (and hating), so if you're part of it, it seems like a great, big, inclusive family of hobby gamers are all on Twitter. I definitely encourage you to dig in and see what you're missing! Plus, over on Twitter, all your tweets go to all your followers—whereas on Facebook, a Page's posts get filtered *unless you pay Facebook* to only go to a small percentage of the people who 'Liked' that Page. (Last time I checked, it was around 8%.) The more you pay, the bigger percentage of your Fans will see your posts—and you have to pay *per post*! More people may be on Facebook, but you need at least 10x the "Likes" (vs. Twitter followers) or a big marketing budget to reach the same number of people. Re: The specific goals on this project, I'd guess they just picked the next round number up from whatever they were at when the campaign began—so they asked for 500 Twitter followers because they probably had over 450 to start with... and only asked for 300 FB likes because they only had over 250 FB likes to begin with. (But I may be wrong; I didn't make a note of their starting numbers—that's just the normal way to do social goals like this.) Ooh, but if there's a particular hot, new social network you think they should be sharing info about their game on, where building a large friend/fan/follower base would be beneficial to spreading the word about the game (more than Twitter & Facebook), I'm sure they'd love to hear about it (though it might be a bit late to add a stretch goal for it). (There's definitely already quite a bit of visibility on places like BGG & Reddit, but those are in no easy way quantifiable into stretch goals, for example.) oh just one thing. I know a lot of people, I game with tons of people, but I don't really know anyone at all that tweets anymore. so how come the twitter social goal is so much higher? I mean its just a silly little thing and I guess the couple of extra cards we would get for that social goal are not that big of a deal but to me its kind of like you asking for 500 myspace friends lol. its just me and most (if not all of my friends) simply don't use that service much. I actually hung out at my local game store 2 days ago and asked EVERYONE that came in the store the entire day weather or not they used twitter and if so would they please tweet about this and I got like 2 people out of 60+ that day. hey guys ive been backing this campaign from the start and I just wanted to take a moment and tell you what a great job you guys are doing. I love the SG's and will note that having good SG's like you guys have really helps with the funding process. I fell RIGHTNOW that im getting a great deal on an awesome game and I respect and appreciate the fact that you guys didn't pile on a bunch of add ons. so as of now im a big fan and as long as this game is a good one (and il t looks like it is) then ill be an auto backer for your next campaign (if its run like this) and many after. just really nice job!! 12x12" total. If each panel of the board were that size, the board would be 24x24" and extremely sparse. Maybe this question has been answered earlier.....but is the game board 12"x12" fully laid out, or is it 12"x12"x4 (stated earlier that it's quad foalded)? I hope someone understand my question :) 2 more cards....and meeples are on deck!!!!! You are all awesome! Another great way to wake up in the morning. 40k and shiny new meeples is just a stone's throw away. We always manage to wake up with a smile the last few days. Let's keep rocking it, and see how far we can go! 39 K thanks to a Darkrock Ventures which will join a French gamer collection! Another one bites the dust......hey hey...... Welcome to the party Caleb!!! Welcome Caleb and all the other new backers! Get ready for the really fun part... Just need 2 more twitter follower and/or 13 more FB likes to unlock more cards! Gogogo! I am new to kick-starter. This is the first project I have backed and I must say I am really impressed with the game and community. I am excited and can't wait to play. Way to go guys, keep it up! Whoa! Things are really starting to move now. Ian just updated the team on the next potential stretch goals. You have no idea how stoked I am right now! Awesome, that should bring some more to the party!! followed on twitter and liked on facebook. *waves pom poms* Ohhh! Only got onboard today. A worker placement game with a co-op expansion... Count me in! This looks awesome. Love the theme Bring on the MEEPLES!!!!!!!! MUST HAVE THEM!!! Alright! Great news to wake up to. Dont forget to like them on Facebook and/or follow them on Twitter! 3 more free stretch goals to be had if we meet the numbers! SOLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I just noticed something... We are 21 Facebook Likes and 11 Twitter followers away from unlocking two more Corporate Sponsor cards. This doesn't sound too hard, let's make this happen today! What will the Magic Meeples bring us today in stretch goals.......one ponders over their respective asteroids........ Another one bites the dust!!!! Woohoo! $37k stretch goal is busted! That's 2 more in the last 24 hours. This is some awesome momentum. Just wanted to let everyone know that an update will be forthcoming soon with what's next. The next couple of goals have me pretty excited, and I'm sure they will have you excited as well, as soon as Mr Meeple is coherent enough to write an update. I just posted about the solo and coop mode stretch goal met at BGG....come over and thumb it, comment etc....lets see if we can create a little buzz here at the end and really finish this thing strong. <url>#19987885 Solo and coop modes stretch goal met!!!! Now lets crush the cards stretch and see what else they have in store for us!!! I was sitting on a fence a little about this one originally. The recent update from Gamelyn Games about Tiny Epic Galaxies reminded me about it, and reading through the updates really made me see how you really feel for this game, so I backed it. I look forward to it, and I hope we smash some more stretch goals! I didn't realize it. But your campaign ends on my birthday. Apparently I have posted too much about this game on the /r/boardgames subreddit... so someone else go post it up! So close to Solo & Co-Op mode! I just upped my pledge and pushed it through the $35,000 mark. Very satisfying! Please back this project and get us to the co-op stretch! Coming along nicely !!!!! I prefer more cards "A" In response to the update #9 post I also have to agree that I would like 'A) More Corporate Sponsor & Research cards' as my strech goal of choice. Alright, getting dangerously close to the co-op goal! I'd rather have 'More Corporate Sponsor & Research cards' as a stretch goal. Any more news on the 2 player surprises you guys hinted at on Rahdo's "Final Thoughts" video? Keep up the good work! Cant wait to play! @teel Makes sense, that's probably how I found out about DRV! Got a chance to peek at it at Gen Con and watch a few rounds played. Excited to be a backer and can't wait, although that's pretty much what Kickstarter is about. Well, that and the great communities that develop over project comments. And love the: What shiny new package is going to show up at the front door this week? feel of the wait that is ever present with us frequent backers. Thanks Robin! My wife and I have played quite a bit with two players and have really enjoyed it. If you are into cooperative games, that mode works really well for two players also. Just hopped on board last night after seeing a post for this on my FB timeline. I visited the KS page and watch the "Table For Two" run through and decided it looked like a great 2 player option. Good luck to all in the final week! I recognize a lot of names on this project! I really appreciate the crossover support. Thanks everyone. The solo/co-op modes are just around the corner and one I'm personally looking forward to unlocking. I think this project is going to see a couple really big days right at the end. I'm going to tweet about it right now, I encourage others to follow suit! See you all at the finish line. In the July 16th update (2 days into this campaign) to Tiny Epic Galaxies backers (which is the exact target market, I'd think!) Gamelyn definitely included a link & info about Darkrock Ventures at the bottom of their post full of awesome unboxing photos—which I'd think is just the sort of update people would scroll to the bottom of... Though perhaps a lot of those backers hit the "remind me" star on DV? OTOH, Gamelyn had their TEK:HC campaign end just a few hours before this campaign began, so at that point Kickstarter fatigue might have been a factor for Gamelyn fans. It may be easier to lure them in now that we've knocked out quite a few very cool stretch goals (and a couple of weeks have passed). I agree with Raymond! I backed this primarily because I am an enormous fan of Gamelyn! Did Gamelyn send a notice of this Kickstarter out to Tiny Epic backers? There should definitely be a lot of overlap of people who like that series and those who would enjoy DRV. If it wasn't done and is plausible from a business or contract stand point I think it could really help blast these backer numbers up. May want to consider putting stretch goals further towards the top of the page....with new people coming in the final week I am sure that is one of the first things they are going to check....how many stretch goals are met and whats to come...... Woot Woot!!!! 500 backers!! That's awesome! Also hit 300 FB likes. 3 goals smashed in 24 hours! Huzzah! 500 FTW!!! Welcome aboard! Happy #500 Backer. Well, 2 people away from another stretch goal... decided to back... now one person away from the fancy dice... Great campaign thus far! I'm amazed this is your first with how well you've been communicating and adapting to comments/feedback. I think it's going to really pay off as this comes down the homestretch. Kudos and keep up the great work! 7 ;-) *ninja* Thanks Pablo! I think co-op and solo fans will be pleased with that. Also, we are currently 9 backers away from 500! That's really great news about the solo and co-op modes! Both would be fantastic additions to what is already a fun competitive game. So....Solo play, Coop play...and new tweaks or something for 2 player variant? Is that what I am hearing? So stoked for the co-op play! I've been enjoying that even more than the normal play mode. This is especially handy when teaching new players so they can learn the game without focusing on competition. Also, speaking of thumbs, this new image could use a boost: <url>— 65,000 backers for Darkrock Ventures! =) I like! Yes lets hope all these Gencon peeps will see this game and back it!! With Trish and Ian at GenCon, I'll bet we can expect the next couple SGs to fall in short order as well. I've pinged them offline about following up on what's next. If I hear anything, I'll let everyone know. Another SG bit the dust! what's next? Cool Bits are here!!! Whats next?? YEAH!!!!! What are the odds, just randomly checked the page to find us at 31,503 :D @Gianluca - Welcome aboard! @Raymond - thanks and enjoy Gen Con! (I wish I could be there...) Just finished reading the rules on ride from Detroit to Indy. Gotta love dice mitigation and worker placement with the captain throwing a wrench into other players plans here. Gen Con bound! Ready to play DRV if the opportunity arises. I'll be following Twitter looking for opps. Might even be able to get a few others with me to join in. I quickly Run through the comments and saw many faces that I meet almost in each of my KSs. particularly @Rainer @Marty and @Laura, my Tiny Epic backer family :) Hello everyone! Here we go! I'm in too! Rahdo sold me another game. He's like a virus. :D This game seems solid and variate. I'm no dice man at all, i prefer something less random, but there is enough control in this to avoid too much luck. Let's have some more stretch goal then, there is time enough :) Huge hooray for custom-shaped wooden bits! I definitely love the detailed, unique bits Gamelyn has produced, and believe they'll be a very nice improvement to the game. The new stretch goal is so close—I have no doubt we'll pass it soon… …and I hope one of the stretch goals coming up soon(-ish) are custom space-man meeples! Having played the game, I know the gameplay is solid (though more research deck cards are welcome!), so the stretch goals I'm most interested in are component upgrades to give it a little more tactility. Keep 'em coming! I'm a little late, but congrats on funding everybody! Time to knock out some stretch goals and enjoy the jubilation at Gen Con :D Can't wait to see this game on my shelf! For what it's worth, if the gameplay is good then (for me) the material the components are made out of are of secondary importance. Fortunately I'm sure DRV wont fail us on either score ;-) I tend to prefer wood pieces for no particular reason, but I agree that it's more important for the materials to be consistent. For miniatures/figures, I like plastic, but there are some cool meeple type pieces (like in Dungeon Heroes). For me, it's a matter of keeping the chosen material consistent with all components as much as possible. I am partial to wood... ;-) No wood jokes please...LOL Am i alone in preferring plastic Bits to wooden ones? :( Cool new bits for the stretch goal!!!! Lets eat thru some of these stretch goals!!! Woot! Research cards stretch goal unlocked! Ack! I got my booths and rooms mixed up. Gen Con is so giant. Scratch those last places and Tweet where you'll be. Are you guys spending any time near the Tiny Epic gang? Can't figure out where they'll be. Going to Gen Con here! Booth #2143 or demo room #144? Do you guys have a list of days and times you'll be available? Any of the backers coming to gencon? Id love to play a game or two with you! I know Ian and myself will be there demoing it. Nice video.....I think there is no way that I am not going to like it....I was just curious if it was play tested with 2-player alternates and how they came out...look forward to the announcements and nice to hear that 2-player was tested a lot! @Chuck good question. When testing and developing the game, most of my plays were with just 2 players and I didn't notice much of a difference. I think that is because each round there are spots that are clearly better than others and even with just 2 players you will be fighting over those spots. That said, with more players, you may be less likely to hire all your workers and you may be more likely to double up on spots so I can see how it may have a different feel. As Ian mentioned, there are some cool things we are working on for that for those who want a more uniform feel with various player counts. Until that is revealed though, check out this review where they play with 2 players and really seemed to like it: <url>#chart-daily It's alarming that 6 new backers today and the fund added today almost matches the day 1 funding. first time seeing this kind of craziness. It's correct. :) Let's see how awesome we can make this! Yea not sure what just happened.....but I hope its correct somehow!!!! WOW, Adam! That is totally amazing/awesome/insane... even the current stretch goals were just blown past. I'm still trying to process this. numbers don't add up. we have 16K on the pledge rewardS, not counting shipping cost. and we are sitting at 28K fund? W O W Um... what just happened? Kick the tires and light the fires, let's see those stretch goals! :D talking about Darkrock on The Nerd Nighters tonight - can't wait to see you guys at Gen Con! Thanks for the review, Ken! Let's do this! To the asteroid! Woohoo! On board, and excited for this one! game looks interesting, but it makes way more sense for "rest of the world" to wait for it to be in the shop (and discounted) rather than pay +50% to have it shipped without a real bulk order option. Let's go Darkrock! Can't wait to see you guys fund :D Welcome, Galen! Thanks for checking it out at BGGCon, I remember that game. Proud to be a backer here! I got to play a prototype at BGGCon last year, and it was excellent! Woohoo! Welcome to all new backers! Thank you for your support =) This project is inching ever forward and upward. Backers 331 and 332 can take us past $15,000 =) $14K, woot! Thanks everyone! Ooo! I would like a snazzy microbadge ... but no need for the GG =) Thanks everyone for an AMAZING first day! If anyone on Boardgamegeek.com would like a snazzy Darkrock microbadge, just let me know and I'll send some Geekgold your way: <url>"my addiction")! So excited, played a very early version of the game and it was fantastic at that point. This is the first board game I have ever backed. I loved it that much. Cannot wait to get it in my hands. @rainer - I want in on the crew. Checking back in, wow! So cool to see some familiar faces (well...names/avatars). Regarding Council of Verona, that is through Crash games. However, I'm told that the second edition should be available very soon. I'm not sure exactly where (I assume Amazon and other retailers), but it won't be a Kickstarter like before. @Laura - Council of Verona (while designed by the same designer as Darkrock Ventures) is published by Crash Games. I wouldn't think they'd be able to provide an add-on for that company. Any chance of a council of Verona add on? @Gamelyn & Magic Meeple - happy to be here. What would life be without someone taking my money? :-D Welcome everyone, what an exciting project this is going to be. Already seeing some familiar faces. I like that! @Marty McFly ;p Got to play this at Phoenix Comicon and I came back a second day to play it again as I liked it very much. Pretty much an "instant" buy for me. I got a chance to play this at Phoenix Comicon, and enjoyed it enough that I somehow managed to be backer #1 this morning. Solid gameplay, interesting decisions, risky risk-mitigation (which sounds strange, but what it feels like to *guess* I'll need to flip a die or adjust it exactly 3), and a nice theme coherent with the mechanics. Re: board size, I want to say the extra couple inches on the main board will make it "just right", but I'm more interested/concerned with the size / layout of the mining vessel cards. In the version I played (which I *think* is the same as what's on the project page) they felt a little too cramped & unclear. I don't know whether the shaped bits will be any bigger, but it was definitely a little challenging to 'read' the [empty] spaces in the cargo holds. Art design might be enough, there, but once we hit the 12x12" board I think that'll be my only reservation about the game. I'm looking forward to seeing how things turn out over the next few weeks. (And really interested to see whether we can hit that day-1 funding goal! We can do it!) Love dice. Love worker placement. Love games that play in under an hour. I'm in! What about EU friendly shipping? :) Ah, rad. Either way - stoked :) @Richard: I would agree, except I think the larger board is almost a must with the custom shaped bits, which appear to be larger. Super excited for this. Well done team. Small observation here, in a game that's small and fast like this, the bigger game board is actually unattractive (to me anyway). Bigger ain't always better, ideally you want to aim for Goldilocks - "just right". I feel like you probably have this with the original board. Hey Rainer! Where do I sign up? :) Rainer Crew in the house!!! Welcome, everyone! I'll be taking applications for people to join my crew! =P =)