anyone else ever just check out his fb page to see what he is up to? if so, do you ever look at all the stuff he is doing and wonder if thats our money that paid for the trip or event? also, i am a bit curious, was anyone ever able to beta test this thing? My first ever kickstarter backing, and my first ever burn. Thanks Paul for a "valuable" lesson. I haven't been on this particular KS board for a few years but was interested just to check things out. I've realized that with any business venture or investment, there will always be an inherent risk. I'm just glad that this one was just a few hundred bucks. Here's the shouldawouldacoulda... the 'Dash' was actually the concept of today's Apple's CarPlay! He may be in Denver, but I can assure you he's not working for LM. this **** lives in Denver now and works at Lockheed martin: <url>"One of the biggest risks of crowdfunding, for supplier and backer alike, is the risk of not being able to deliver what is promised within the promised timelines. One of our planned panelists for Open Coffee Club (Paul Lizer) has experienced that very real pitfall directly. This is an extremely difficult issue for anyone to deal with and Paul is dealing with it in his own way. Out of respect for Paul's desired handling of the situation, and to avoid having Open Coffee Club become a public forum between Paul and his backers, we've decided to replace Paul on the panel and continue with the event." So his own way is to just completely ignore everyone? It's good for them they replaced him because obviously not qualified to mentor anyone, but I really wish he had presented because it could possibly be a source of information for what really happened. Good find, Andrew. I encourage everyone monitoring these comments to join the conversation here: meetup.com/opencoffeeclub/events/179819332/ I just can't figure out why Paul won't say anything to us but he's willing to be a speaker at an open forum. Knowing his background with this project I'd never want any advice from him! Interesting, check out this link <url>’t deliver the playing-card deck it promised its crowd-funding investors. <url>"help" page, you list the following: "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Not only has the creator utterly failed at delivering on the project, he has ceased communicating with his backers in total, for absolutely no reason given. There was never any indication of blocking issues or challenges to fulfillment, just simply zero communication. Backers inherently understand that projects may meet challenges, as did I when I pledged my support. However, simply ceasing to communicate is unforgiveable. Kickstarter assures us that there are legal obligations placed upon creators to fulfill their end... What more does this guy need to do for Kickstarter to look into this matter in an official capacity? This man advertised a product, took thousands of dollars of our cash, and vanished. How is this acceptable behavior, and how is it that we, as backers, are simply supposed to accept that this is a normal risk when backing a Kickstarter project? How are we supposed to accept that there is little to nothing that can be done from Kickstarter's end? ------Email End------ And received the following response: ------Email Start------ Hi Drew, Thanks for writing in and sharing your experience with me. I'm sorry for the frustration you've experienced from backing this project, and you should know that I've personally reached out to this creator on behalf of the backers of Dash. I reminded the creator of our Terms of Use, as well as our expectations that he keep his backers updated about how the project is going. It's disheartening that this hasn't happened, and I've made a note about this should the creator want to submit another project in the future. Our Trust & Safety team has also been made aware of this situation, as creators who don't meet our expectations won't be allowed to start another project on the site. Per the Terms that you quoted, the agreement you enter into when you back a project establishes a legal requirement for creators to either fulfill their rewards as promised or issue refunds to backers for whom they can't provide rewards. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We certainly encourage creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, and communicate with backers, but we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised or to issue refunds. I'm sorry again that this has been such an unpleasant experience. I hope that my message to the creator merits a response soon in which they can address your concerns. In the meantime, I'll share your experience with the rest of the team as we continue to evaluate our policies and procedures moving forward. Thanks, Megan ------Email End------ Sooo... that's it, folks. Show's over. I hope you didn't need that money, because you'll never see it again. While I appreciate the response, their position of simply being a "platform" for the legal bindings they place on creators renders those bindings utterly meaningless. There is utterly zero difference, at this point, between a legitimate crowdsourcing attempt and a common scam. It's honestly saddening that Kickstarter would allow this to happen, rather than honoring the spirit of the assurances they provide backers. DREW: well, at least we know he is still alive. Also, since he most likely has one of the prototype installed in his car, it will be a constant reminder everyday when he gets in his car how he has treated those who gave him the money to make his dream radio a reality.. when if he is the only one who gets to enjoy it. Okay. So. Back when this project was first getting started, I found him on Facebook and friended him. Since, our interaction has been minimal and professional, where I offered some suggestions for the product that seemed to be valuable to him. That was a half a year or so ago. As he started becoming more silent, I didn't ask questions, because I didn't want to seem adversarial. Until two days ago. I messaged him this - "Hey, Paul - I know it's a little unprofessional to reach out to your personal Facebook, but there's a hell of a lot of backers (including myself) confused and frustrated about Dash. Delays and unexpected blockers I totally get, but the complete silence is a little hard to understand. What gives?" No response. For several days. I tried again. "Seriously? Nothing?" I'm now no longer on his friends list. This is crystal clear proof that not only is this thing completely dead in the water, he's actively running from his responsibility to communicate with his backers, deliver a product, or even be a decent human being. NOW I'm pissed. LMAO guess the tool couldn't keep that job...doesn't seem to be very good at anything he does!! Yup. Time to give up ever getting answers or knowing how far he got with this project. Tried to call the Amnet number, he no longer works there so that didn't help. This guy is the biggest loser! Karma is a ****! Not to rub salt in the wound, but just found on another site that this Sony radio is suppose to be available in May for around $250... I found this online... <url>"dark" like he did. Very classless move! Looks like Paul may have missed his chance to deliver a huge radio <url>"Following the release of Devium Dash on Kickstarter; New Agencies, Blogs, Social Media, and Fans have been shouting and raving about its innovation, design, and timeliness to market. Here you will find links to all of the articles we have come across." This is pulled from the Devium.us website at <url>"When crowdfunding goes wrong". I have also come to learn that Paul has been featured as an example of how to start a new business the right way, by several entrepreneurial and investment groups. Also also, Paul is holding seminars on how to start a new business and raise capital. I am sure these people would also like to see a mutually agreeable solution to the problem we have here, as opposed to reading words like scam and fraud. Again, I do not want, nor am I implying, that anyone contact these groups. Really. That was not sarcasm. I am just hoping that Paul or someone from the Devium team see this and reconsider their currently held position of silence. Contacting a lawyer or the Colorado Springs newspaper are not our only options. And, not knowing what Paul's options are at this point, we have to consider all of the tools at our disposal. --- @Michael Buffington, or anyone else interested in helping to move this further than posting here, please contact me at ---stevedaykickstarter--- ----at--- ---gmail--- (I now have the gmail account synced to my phone correctly, so I have replied to everyone that has emailed me.) @Matthew Did the bit.ly / google doc link come from Kickstarter? I'm usually suspicious of google docs forms as usually a "credible" company uses their own infrastructure for web forms, feedback etc. I submitted a Kickstarter ticket, filled out the survey, and completed to project feedback form that KS has been replying to people with. Now I'm considering what to do next. Do I want to fight to get my funds back? Not sure. What I do know is that I want to hear from Paul. I want to know why he's decided to ignore us. I want him to be honest. That might be worth more to me than what I paid him, and I might be willing to spend more (both time and money) to make sure I get an explanation. I too received that response after following up Kickstaters first email saying that they would contact Paul. I wonder if they do actually make an attempt, or just forward the email along and think that that's an effective form of communication. ------------ Kickstarter Support, Nov 08 13:59 (EST): Hi Matt, Thanks for reaching out, and sorry to hear you've had a frustrating experience as a backer of the "Dash - The Smart phone Car Stereo" project. If you feel as though the creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project as promised, please complete our project feedback form at the link below. <url>"Dash - The Smart phone Car Stereo" project. If you feel as though the creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project as promised, please complete our project feedback form at the link below. <url>#fundraising_and_commerce . This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We certainly encourage creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, and communicate with backers, but we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. Hopefully you all hear back soon, and I'm sorry again for the frustration you've experienced with this project. --------------------- I'll reach out to an attorney friend next week to see what they thing, but I suspect small claims court is the way to go. @ Jediah, I posted the following to Kickstarter support: Hi Guys, I pledged $300 to Dash with the estimated project completion date of Jul 2012. There still hasn't been any success with this project. I have tried contacting Paul Lizer (the creator) many times in the comments area, sending him personal messages and trying to contact on Facebook, but there is no response at all. As far as I can tell from this stage he's run away with my money. You can see I've backed other projects - where even they weren't quite on schedule. But without any response this is really leaving a sour taste and will most likely turn me off Kickstarter. Have you heard from Paul, can you reach out for him to update the group - you can see from the comments page I'm not the only one frustrated. As you say above I've entered an agreement with the project creator and he hasn't fulfilled his end. "This agreement requires creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." What can be done to get a refund? Thanks for your support. does anyone know if those who preordered through his web site been charged yet? Hey allI thought it might help to organize some backer information on our own. I made a quick Google Doc Form to collect this: <url>"What is or was lacking from my understanding is leads to potential investors and access to enough capital to propel the company forward. This seems to be the major stumbling block. Anyone have any rich uncles or have an aunt who's a loans officer? :)" I have no doubt at all that it has become difficult for Paul to obtain more financing or investors. I have no idea what kind of track record Paul had before Dash, but I seriously doubt this project helped any. You stated that you know Paul to have a tendency to withdraw. That certainly is annoying to the few hundred people here who invested a few hundred dollars each. Imagine if someone invested real money? I have worked on large projects that were funded by others. The update requests we are asking for are nothing compared to what an investment firm or bank would demand. If he has a tendency to withdraw under pressure, I don't think this is a game he should be playing in. If you try to shut out a real investor, who gave you real money, the consequences are much worse than bad publicity in the Colorado Springs Gazette. Personal, financial, and professional lives can be ruined by this behavior. --- It has been four months since the last update. My patience has been depleted. Some sort of action must be taken. I believe I am not the only one who feels this way. If anyone else would like to help, please contact me at ---stevedaykickstarter---at---gmail--- @John Stamatiou: "...I could not continue to sit back and let a certain element on this board get away with accusations of fraud and threatening to slander Paul in the papers without push back." The accusations of fraud are completely understandable. If someone takes my money, fails to deliver a product, and then disappears, I honestly do not care what his original intentions were. As everyone else has said, regardless of delays or worthless updates, the moment he cut off communication was the tipping point. At that point, funding issues, apple certifications, patents, or whatever else was holding the project up, become meaningless. The bullet points of this story become a lot shorter: 1. He took our money. 2. He failed to deliver. 3. He disappeared. Threatening him with slander in the papers, or a lawsuit, is the next step unfortunately. And he only has himself to blame. When I was younger and money was a bit tighter, I sometimes had trouble paying bills. I got behind on the electric bill a few times. If I called the electric company before the bill was due and explained my situation, they were very willing to work with me. If I waited until they sent several notices and called my phone everyday, they were less willing to work with me. If I didn't contact them, and ignored their attempts to contact me, they shut off my power. Why? Not because they'll get rich off the reconnection fee. It was because I left them with no other choice. That was their only way to get my attention, and to get what they were due. Paul has stopped providing us with updates here. He has stopped replying to emails and phone calls. He has deleted the devium.us facebook page. He has stopped replying to contact form submissions on his website. He has refused to contact us, and he has made it impossible for us to contact him. He has forced us to use other methods to come to a resolution. If it takes a summons or a media backlash, he has brought this upon himself. Just like when I didn't pay the electric bill. They will shut off my power. They will send me to collections. They will sue me. They will get what is due to them plus a whole lot more. And, I had no one to blame but me. I think you are misunderstanding where the anger and distrust are coming from. It is not because I do not have a shiny new stereo in my car. It is because someone who took my money stopped taking my calls. I think everyone here knew that delays and changes were a very likely possibility. The lack of communication is the problem. I also think that your efforts here to turn the tide of support for Paul is greatly misplaced. You stated that he has offered you a job with the company if full production is started. What is being posted here is certainly not doing anything to improve the chances that your new employment opportunity will materialize. If I was in your shoes, I would not be too happy about this being posted on the internet. BUT, asking us to be more supportive of Paul and offer him encouragement appears to be a wasted effort. What would be more productive, is for those of you who have been involved and have more skin in the game to convince Paul to right some of these wrongs so that we have a reason to be supportive and encouraging. If what is being posted here is damaging to Paul, Devium, those of you who have been promised more than a car stereo, it is not the fault of the backers here. We are simply voicing our opinions, discussing our experiences, and trying to come to some sort of resolution. Until you can point out a post that contains untrue information, I believe what is posted here is an accurate representation of our dealings with Paul Lizer and Devium. I liked the FB page originally and when I try to visit the page, www.facebook.com/devium.us it auto directs back to my Facebook home page. If I search for Devium in Facebook, they page doesn't come up. And if I log in under another Facebook account (just in case I was blocked) the same things happen. If I try to navigate to a post that I still have a URL for, Facebook says, "This content is currently unavailable The page you requested cannot be displayed right now. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page." Colin, are you able to still get to the Devium Facebook page. it is Devium.us. Paul's Facebook page linked from kickstarter is still there and the www.devium.com site it's still up. Also, did you Friend the page? could be why some are able to still get on. that our you are looking at a cached page possibly? So... Did anyone get a Photo of the team? A T-shirt? I agree with everything , except their Facebook page still comes up thru my Facebook app..... As others noted earlier, the Facebook page for Devium is gone. The only reason to do this is to hide and stop communicating. But, also as others here have noted, the volunteer updates were always general in nature with the few specifics provide being barely believable. Not that Paul has been good with deadlines up to this point, but I personally would appreciate a heartfelt apology with the offer of refunds for those who want to bail and double thanks for those that stay on. Or, as is most likely, an admission that with automakers going away from standard double din boxes in their cars and bluetooth (or even Siri) integration becoming standard, that this idea was a couple years too late. With that admission should come a plan for refunds, even if it takes two more years to do it. But refund someone their money tomorrow. Then another a couple weeks later, as you can muster the cash. Publish an update on how you sold your car and bought something cheaper so you could refund 17 more backers. I could really use that $575 right now. But deleting the Facebook page along with the past four months of darkness and the lack of consistent communication says to me that Paul probably just wants to fade away. @sohjsolwin: While I agree with everything you've said, I think it's important to mention that the Kickstarter terms have changed in the last few years. I'm not sure that the requirements were as specific when the Dash project was created. Whether the requirements were less stringent or not, it's still a good idea for Paul to communicate with us. As I've said before, I can't be supportive if I don't know what's stalling the project. If I'm an investor in the project, I might have more than just money to contribute. I have experience in other areas, and those experiences can be applied to specific problems if I know about those problems. By not sharing good or bad news with us, Paul is missing out on opportunities to help grow his idea. It feels like Paul has decided that a "business" needs to act a certain way - it needs to act like it knows what it's doing. It's a mistake a lot of new entrepreneurs make. They try to look big because they think that that's what will make people trust them. They hire execs, they build glossy websites with the usual "about us" and "investor relations" pages. While trying to look big and capable, they miss the most important part: you can be an expert on your idea while being humble, and agile, and willing to learn and grow and do whatever it takes to ensure your idea can become a reality. And with Kickstarter in play, we already *know* you're not big and capable. You're not fooling anyone here, and if anything, that fact alone should be enough to motivate a young entrepreneur to communicate with us. The pain of losing of the money I spent backing this project is infinitesimal compared to the pain of watching Paul totally botch the execution of a great idea. I fully agree with everything Michael and Andrew have been saying. Communication is the number one things that has caused me to lose all faith in Paul. @John, there's one key thing you mentioned that I believe both you and Paul overlooked/didn't understand, "There are no guarantees in life, particularly in backing start-up ventures." I think we all understand that there are no guarantees in life, but there is a certain guarantee that an agreeable outcome will be made between Paul and his backers. That's not to say that we will receive out Dash units, but some mutually acceptable outcome must occur. Paul is legally obligated to provide such an outcome, "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (<url>". Kickstarter is also not for funding a company or a startup, it is for projects. Something that produces a clearly definable outcome, "Everything on Kickstarter must be a project. A project is something with a clear end, like making an album, a film, or a new game. A project will eventually be completed, and something will be produced as a result. (<url>". I believe these key points are things that were overlooked when Paul took the money we gave him and decided to fund Devium and organize a company instead of using the money to create the Dash solely. If he wished to start a company afterwards, then the upfront tooling and design costs would have been covered by the creation of the Dash for kickstarter. Instead, it appears he chose to focus on the company first, and getting it up and going instead of using every available cent of the kickstarter funding to finish this project. We are very upset and we deserve to be. It's only natural after being lied to (either intentionally or not) about this project and the communication we would be receiving. If he has a tendency to tuck into his shell when things go wrong instead of stepping up and addressing the problems face on, then he needs to find someone that can speak up for him because as of right now, this project is hilariously overdue and Paul owes us either $72,042 or our Dash units. There has to be an end to this. It can't continue on for years with (in)consistent "I'm trying"s. @John Stamatiou: The problem is communication. When we are told we'll be kept up to date on progress and then aren't, our trust is reduced. When someone is hired to provide updates, but proceeds to fill our inboxes with meaningless fluff, our trust is reduced. When we hear nothing at all, our trust is reduced. I think the posts that sound like angry children are justified. People are angry. Wanting to go to the local newspaper seems like it might be an effective way to see some sort of response from Paul. Clearly, nothing else so far has worked. The lack of communication is what's most damning here. All Paul needs to do is tell people what's happening. It shouldn't be sugar coated. It should be real, honest communication. It's that honesty that builds trust, and frankly, it'd be easy for Paul to do. Here's an example update that'd go a long way to building trust and support: "Nothing new to report this week - we're in a holding pattern while we wait for our PCB manufacturer to fix issues with their hole drilling process. The date for the fix is unknown." Or how about: "We're in a holding pattern while we work on raising additional funding required to pay for the initial tooling costs." It's easy. Easier than dealing with bad press, refunds, lawsuits, and a compromised reputation. Michael, yes, I am one of ‘those’ as mentioned in my initial post which believe in and have supported Paul. My name is on the list of those who were thanked when funding was completed. I posted under my name. It was easy to connect the dots. The reason I've waded into this discussion is that I could not continue to sit back and let a certain element on this board get away with accusations of fraud and threatening to slander Paul in the papers without push back. Believe me, I feel your disappointment and understand your frustration at Paul's lack of communication. But, some of you need to find a better way to deal with disappointment than wanting to exact retribution on the guy because he hasn't been able to come through thus far. Some of the posts read like angry children are writing them. There are no guarantees in life, particularly in backing start-up ventures. As adults, we need to realize this and act accordingly and not make false accusations and clamour for someone’s head when or if things don’t work out. I've met Paul on several occasions. He is NOT a fraud and neither is Dash. He is very likeable, capable, smart and determined and has put as much time into Dash than the rest of us who have contributed to the cause combined. I haven’t been involved in the administration end of things, but my perception is that he takes Dash very seriously and has used the funds as best he knows how with good will. His intent has always been to meet the kickstarter order and proceed into mass production continuing to develop the product and grow the company to meet the needs of purchasers. Many of us have contributed in various ways to help make Dash happen. We have donated heaps of time, energy and skills in our quest to make Dash a success with the understanding that we’d be made whole for our efforts (including an employment opportunity with the company) after we began mass production. So, there are many of us who have a lot of skin in this venture who like you, will stand to lose our investment if things don’t pan out. We incorporated many things into the product based on the feedback of the project backers and had 10 pre-production units manufactured last summer. We needed to refine the design to bring production costs down and running parallel to this was software development. Progress eventually slowed towards the end of last year. As I stated in earlier posts, I feel it is a funding issue that is the cause of delay, but do not know for sure as I have not been in contact with Paul for many months. He has a tendency to withdraw which I agree can be very frustrating and come across as disrespectful. However, being involved in the development of Dash almost from the start, I can assure you that the man has never intended to defraud anyone and is trying his best to come through for all of us. @John Stamatiou: I think you need to come clean. Or is it purely coincidence that the only Kickstarter project you've backed is the Dash and that you share the same name as the "Industrial Design Lead at Devium, LLC."? Paul is well past the point of me wanting to offer my support and encouragement. I don't trust him. I doubt he'll ever deliver that which he's promised to deliver. The fact that you're here acting as a cheerleader without mentioning your affiliation with the company and Paul isn't helping. FYI I have also made numerous attempts to contact Paul and Devium. Phone calls go unanswered as do emails. He shows us no respect so why would I show it back. Exactly!! Andrew, what you wrote is insightful, fair and you said it well and in a respectful way. I feel that Paul or anybody in his situation would need support and encouragement, not daily bashing, which is not productive. Let's change the tone and energy in this comment section and reach out and offer our support to lift the guy up. Perhaps he'll come forth if then. From my take, the will and intent to deliver is there. What is or was lacking from my understanding is leads to potential investors and access to enough capital to propel the company forward. This seems to be the major stumbling block. Anyone have any rich uncles or have an aunt who's a loans officer? :) 100% behind Andrew! John Stamatiou, I agree that some of what's been said here is out of line, especially the comments over the last couple of weeks. But the blame has to rest squarely on Paul's shoulders. What we are seeing here is people getting frustrated because of Paul's lack of communication. One explanation is fraud, but I don't believe that's the case. I suspect it's more that Paul got out of his depth, overestimated the costs, etc. - the kind of thing that probably happens thousands of times a month in this country where small businesses and startups go under. It's a fact of life and no one should expect kickstarter projects to be like Amazon.com. There's no guaranteed 2 day delivery ...... But the issue is that rather than be open and communicate with his backers he's put his head in the sand and refuses to communicate. Even when we had the brief spell of communication it was light on facts to say the least. I think it's fair to describe that as a token gesture and no more. I am sure that I'm not the only one who's tried and failed on multiple occasions to contact Paul through kickstarter. I do wonder why he's decided not to communicate - maybe that's for legal reasons - admitting that the project won't deliver would require a refund, if I understand correctly, and that would mean covering the percentage that kickstarter took? Maybe there's some other reason. But whatever the case some form of update from Paul or some other employee would go a long way to calm things down here. James, you and others who are claiming fraud are out of line. These are false accusations. It is clear there has been intent to develop and deliver the product. My take is that it is lack of funds that is delaying progress and thus delivery. There are those who believe in Paul and Devium who have supported Dash in a variety of ways which are 'out' considerably more than you and others who have in good faith pledged your support. Your frustration is understandable, however, attacking the man's character and making false accusations in order to publicly humiliate him and dirty his name as payback for delay and lack of communication is not good form. News tips can be submitted here: <url>’s future. We want you to be satisfied that you are an early adaptor of Devium technology. To that end, we are setting up a questionnaire program to receive your input. This may be the coolest and best reason to answer a few questions. When you receive your Dash it will be accompanied by three questionnaires to be answered over a few months. First questionnaire focuses on your initial reaction and installation (if performed DIY), the second is 3-4 weeks into using Dash, and the third is 7-8 weeks. If you complete the first two you will receive a gift card number for a free Faceplate, which will not expire, for any phone that we support. If you complete all three, you will receive a gift card number for a free Dash, which will not expire. So you could use it for a current Dash model or a Dash five years from now. Both must be redeemed via our website and not through a partner. So, by update 19, we were getting 2 for 1!!! I'd just like an update. Paul has logged in, you can see it by clicking on his mug shot. But hasn't said a word since July. There was some comment on the Devium Facebook page but that's been gone for several days now. So, I think we will have better luck getting info from North Korea then Devium. PS: anyone know Dennis Rodman? FUCK DEVIUM... I have tried contacting them by all forms and they wont even reply. something isnt right. or they would simply be able to reply to CUSTOMER WHICH HAVE ALREADY GIVEN THEM MONEY for nothing!! .com Colin, are you able to still see the Devium.us Facebook page? when I try it redirects to my home page. if I try any of the links on the Twitter page it says unavailable. Ok guys, i know what we all SHOULD to do :) First of all we should know what we CAN do. Rummage the laws and find out. 1) We should find some pledgers who live not so far from Colorado Springs. 2) Fund them a bit, for a trip (gas and money) 3) Ask them to catch on video key moments of this trip :) 4) Share video and try to pull this thing What are yall think about it? Come on Paul, give us something please. Its still there as of this morning... Nothing new tho.... Looks like the Devium Facebook page is gone. Does anybody here live near Colorado Springs? I found that Paul has applied for a patent for Dash. The application number is :US20130190049 or www.google.com/patents/US20130190049 (click on PDF for the most readable copy). It looks like just an application at this point. Not sure how long it takes. Didn't see any for the apps yet. Then again, I think software patents need to go the way of the dinosaur. The patent was filed January 3, 2013. I also see that he did logon to Kickstarter a few days ago. So, he is reading our comments. Just wish he would say something. I just sent another complaint to kickstarter. The last one wasn't taken seriously. Maybe all the backers need to do the same to get their attention. I guess the only thing left is to complain to your payment provider. While it may be denied/declined in the end, group of people complaining all at once may get some type of pushback to kickstarter and devium at least. Amazon payments might not like the fact that Visa is calling them asking what the heck is going on, and or pushing kickstarter for some accountability here. Also, a last resort would be to file a small claims action but it would probably work best if it was filed where Devium is incorporated... Just come to check. And as I thought there's nothing here. has anyone herd from paul or Devium in the last few months. seems like the old pattern of no update is back. Kickstarter doesn't care...they wash themselves of these issues. Oh no sorry they say they will take it into consideration on future projects....bunch of BS. But they don't realize users are getting sick of it. I've stopped backing projects now. KS revenue stream is going to quickly start shirking due to not properly dealing with some of these certain A**HATS that are launching projects...not that I'm saying any names and some have panned out nicely. This one is not one of them! But I'm done with KS and only occasionally look at it for updates know vs everyday at new projects. KS should have helped more! has anyone heard from Kickstarter on this? I emailed my UDID a few months ago to test the iPhone app, but never even got a reply. Did anyone else get accepted into the beta program? The Devium website still says that the iPhone Dash Kickstarter and Pre-order units are shipping August 2013. Well, it's the end of August 2013. Hey Paul, have you shipped out the August Dash units yet? Hmm... What's that? No and you have no intention to? Yeah, I didn't think so... Give me my stolen money back, please. Just the devium posts on face book. has anyone herd from paul in the last month So disappointed. From the Devium Facebook page dated August 8th: "We have raised more startup capital and are still moving forward. Thanks for your patience." Another words, he is having money problems. And to Paul, if you are still listening here, look at the Kickstarter project guidelines: <url>"Everything on Kickstarter must be a project." Under "What is not allowed?" "Kickstarter cannot be used to fund ...business" This Kickstart was to produce the Dash car unit, not to start Devium! @Tony, I've tried contacting them through every means possible, except facebook, and have heard nothing from them at all. I would very much like a refund at this point, but I doubt I'll ever see that, or a Dash unit. I guess I can try contacting them through Facebook, but i hate, and consider it extremely unprofessional, that that is the only way to contact them, none of their emails, contact links, or anything else seems to work or be monitored. Any Attornys out there, ready to start a Class Action Law suit yet.. this would be fun to see Paul's Communication at this point What happened to the commitment about unpaid staff leaving an update even if nothing has progressed? At some point Kickstarter needs to step in before things get real ugly...there are 326 backers and while some have gotten their money back I bet there's a whole load of people who have given up and been fed up with broken promises and endless delays. By "an update," I just meant the one sentence about raising more money and continuing forward. ;) It appears that Devium posted an update yesterday on Facebook (why not here?): <url>"Following the release of Devium Dash on Kickstarter; New Agencies, Blogs, Social Media, and Fans have been shouting and raving about its innovation, design, and timeliness to market." The "timeliness to market" part is laughable. News? I think the last real news was May 30th... Only to say we found ways to make it cheaper, then said we are looking for ways to get money from the US government a few days later. I am wondering what happened to the 10 units they had made in May (May 23rd update). If anyone from Devium is watching, I think we would all like to know: 1) have you finally locked in the design? 2) do you have a manufacture yet? 3) do you have the cash to make our units we already paid for? 4) when can we expect to get our units? 5) are you still alive? 6) can you ever give is a update that is not filled with cryptic new-speak or gobbledegook? I knew exactly what i was getting into and how kickstarted works. My problem is that we haven't heard hide nor hair from Paul in quite a while. He's been dangling the carrot in front of our noses, stringing us along with tidbits of irrelevant information. None of other projects creators that I have backed have behaved this way. They've made an effort to be in contact. Bad news or good. We really have no idea what's going on, and they've done nothing to alleviate the issue. How about some real product photos or packaging? (not photoshopped) How about introducing this unpaid staff member ? He was doing very well in the beginning? What happened? I Ve had 15 lenghty updates from one other project in the 3 weeks of silence from devium. So, I think the problem many of us here at Kickstarter have with Dash is that we thought we were investing in getting a product made. Where Paul, was looking for investment to start a company that would produce a product which we were per-ordering on Kickstarter. I truly think that Paul could have produced the the original product for what he raised. What happened was that everybody thought it would be cool to add "x" feature, and Paul agreed. After all, I thought the whole idea was to use the phone for the brains of the radio? I think this would have been a cool product. However, not sure where it will go for a business. To be honest, I think the aftermarket audio business is dieing. Looking at most of the newer cars I am in these days, most no longer have a separate radio. They have integrated the radio into the console along with the HVAC, navagation, etc. The "big boys" now are working with auto makers to get their products integrated into the car. It's no longer an add-on like it was less then 10 years ago. And most cars are like that today. Also, not sure how much of this product can even be patented. It is a radio with a built in phone doc. Oh well. Hey! Nameless unpaid staff member. I'm going to call you Bill. Bill, It's august, The devium website still says it will ship this month, can you confirm the reliability of this information please. Regards Colin Kickstarter needs to stop being the silent enabler and offer buyers insurance for projects like this where the project sponsor sets a lengthy timetable 8+ months out.. Paul bent the rules by demoing something fully functional but then modified it ten times over into an entirely new product. Paul and Devium need to be removed from any future Kickstarter projects due to these actions. I have halted all large purchases from KS in protest to their policies. All profit no risk? right......... @colin, Yeah, that's the response I got too. So much for the Kickstarter "legal obligation" to either deliver or reach a mutually agreeable alternative the project founders are supposed to have. Seems like Kickstarters stance is just "we won't let you play with us any more". I finally got a letter back from my bank after having disputed the charge. They've decided not to credit the $250 back to my account and are honoring the original payment to Devium. I imagine that others will have similar results going this route. I really wanted this product at some point, but I've since completely lost interest. If Paul was a stand-up guy he would refund the money to everyone who asked for it. Unfortunately I don't believe that will ever happen. I endorse opinion the most of last comments. I am disappointed with the progress of this project, but I'm willing to wait a little longer. But honestly, Devium exceeded the scope of what is permitted, keeping in ignorance of their customers. btw, Devium posted some comments on Facebook about 3 hours ago, it was vacation of team leader or smth and attached some infographics. Steve, I still want both of the units that I ordered but I'm disappointed with how things have gone. I'm okay with timelines getting delay as long as I have one. So... Three weeks and no update??? Another promise broken? What is the Dash community's opinion of how things are going? I've read the comments from people that no longer have a use for the device itself and those that no longer have a use for the available faceplates. Are those that still want the whole package still happy with how things are going? I'd love to hear the community respond to these questions. Thanks Tried that last year, they just said the may not reconsider him for future kickstarts. Just sent a message to Kickstarter about this project. Hopefully that will help, or maybe they can get in touch with Paul, or something. Anything would be beneficial at this point... In the extremely unlikely chance that someone is even checking this comment forum any more, I would like a refund. I no longer have any interest in this project, you have in no way met your promise nor kickstarter obligation of delivering this product to us, and at the absolute most optimistic timeframe, it will be nearly two years after the original expected ship date. You haven't even started on the Android face plates yet and I likely will have yet another different phone by the time you do finally ship. Please refund so I can put this horrible, horrible kickstarter experience behind me. Just read through these comments and noticed this from April 3rd: "We post as often as we can and we encourage you to check out our pictures posted on facebook as you can see for yourself the progress being made." These consist of a new logo, some app screenshots (mockups?) and a terribly photoshopped faceplate in a stock image of a Porche dashboard. This is not progress. (The prototype shots are from right around the time of this campaign) Will we be seeing any pictures of the supposed test devices any time soon? Or maybe some manufacturing pictures? Anything to prove that these test units aren't vaporware? The empty updates really worry me. I want to believe that this is moving forward, but unfortunately without a true update with proof that even a single test device actually exists, I too will be forced to seek a refund. what happened to last weeks update? This user's account has been deleted. I sent a notice to DeviumProject at kickstarter page that i moved, note contents my new address, but I have no answer about receive my note. Also i sent it to Devium homepage email, same result - no answer. What should I do to get answer? And another one question - about plate for iPhone 5. Most of us already have it (iPhone5), we want plate for our default orders, and we want it free! Wondering what happened to the Thursday "update" .... Any chance of a reply to my email on the devium website? Updates with tiny bits of info that aren't saying much isn't any hope still! How do I get my money returned? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Also just want my money back, don't have a use for this at all any more with a different car and different phone. Have tried contacting devium numerous times through the "contact us" on their website and have received nothing except automated email saying I will hear from them in 24 hours! Yeah right! I am glad to finally see some regular updates. Hopefully, this weeks update with have some new info. The last few updates seem to just repeat the same. Also, what phones are on the list to make plates for? And, what is happening to the prototypes? Do you rework them, or destroy them? Also, does anyone from Devium read these comments? Yea... at this point I just want my money back. Lost Interest. Are you making available a selection of new plates as phone upgrades have made phone 4/4s a 'phone of the past' Excited for today's update. I'd love to hear more about our unpaid staff member and to learn a bit about how the changes in iPhones since the project was funded will be handled. Paul As a $250 am I entitled to an iPhone 5 plate given the time delay in delivery (I understand the r&d and the time involved) Iain I do not belive you any more. And i do not need the Dash any more. Please give back my money! Best Franz Jediah, Here is where we are as of yet. I called wells fargo. They sent me to their claims department. I basically told them the whole story including dead lines. Go back into your wells fargo online and look for the transaction date as well as exact amount. The fund date was march 21st 2012 so I belive that would be the date. Anyway, a few days later they credited me the money. It will probably take them a few months to get in contact with devium for any proof or whatever. Bottom line is from my knowledge is if enough of us do this they will loose their ability to run cards or whatever. And or get in trouble for fraud. The more of us that do this the more that it would help the cause. Having more than one person backing our side of the story sure couldn't hurt. You can also start a claim with your local branch. @jeffery When you're done, would you be willing to post a process that you went through? I bank with Wells Fargo as well and as a 2 unit backer, it'd be nice to see a few hundred dollars back in my account if this isn't going to come to fruition. It's disappointing since I was also a Devium software alpha tester but that progress seems to have halted as well. I am having sucess with my credit card claim against dash for what its worth. Wells fargo is still reviewing my claim but they have credited the money back to my account. I would encourage others to do the same. "Devium is a company that will “pay-it-forward”, share the goodwill we have received, and be a positive example of the American company." This is a lovely statement on their About section. I think their "goodwill" has all but been used up. In the least, keeping the people who made your company possible in the loop would be appreciated. They'll finish development on the 4/4s models right when they are obsolete. haha. @Jediah Paul or whoever has told me that "products not guaranteed" each time I have contacted him via facebook pm and such. @jarrod where did you see that "products not guaranteed" bit? I just called wells fargo. I filed a case about the charge. I would suggest others do the same. "The products are not guaranteed, although we have full intention of fulfilling every order." B.S. Paul, but you signed the agreement with Kickstarter when attempting to launch this product. You are legally obligated to either produce the product, or refund the money. Those are your options. Personally, I've already gotten a preliminary credit from my bank. Hopefully the credit will be permanent once the investigation is done. I think everyone else should do the same. So I was wrong about the porche comments being gone, perhaps my phone was playing games. But the rest of what I said holds true. Haha, Paul you can't delete these comments! Must be why he won't update here anymore, he cannot controll the comment thread and delete people's questions! Everything I've tried to ask or say via Facebook has been repeated and ignored, and I have not been rude or used foul language. I have been very respectable while trying to get some information out of devium. Every comment from the porche thread this morning has been removed except for the one person saying he still has hope. "We update as often as we can" they said... Instead of wasting time photo shopping pictures , how about a real update! So that's where out money went....he bought a Porsche! Nice life! I wish someone else would buy me one too!!! WOW, I can't believe my eyes. Here's the latest post from Facebook/Twitter @DeviumLLC: How the Devium Dash will look in a Porsche. <url>#3835. Check this link: <url>"At least we don't have to deal with 1000s of Haiku's..." Yep. Unfortunately Kickstarter wiped out the formatting, but still can get the idea. I was surprised myself when I saw the numbers. Before funding, almost every 4 days. Just one flyer at 11 days. Then, as soon as it funded, with the exception of 1 flyer (update 18) the update rate JUMPED to every 20+ days and slowed way down. My fear is that funding has run out. I think he got too ambitious, tried to add too much, and simply ran out of cash. I hope I am wrong, and time will tell. I would really like to know more on how development is going. I can understand how he is not at liberty to talk about potential investors, but nothing is stopping him talking about production. For example, is the design finalized? Or if he can't talk at all, like you said last week, just let us know. I am sure you are just as anxious as I am for Pebble. Another project that has taken a long time. But they gave updates all the time. And went from expecting making about 1,000 to making 100,000 At least we don't have to deal with 1000s of Haiku's... Casey, I really appreciate the chart. I'm still trying to keep the faith but it is disappointing to see such a great product idea die. Update frequency - I looked at all 23 updates and their dates. Until update 15, which is when the project funded on March 21, 2012, the average update rate was every 4 days. The longest update was 11 days (update 10). Since, the average update rate has been every 37 days. The shortest was 3 days (update 18), and the longest 69 days (last update). I will let you decide when to expect another update. (using the 3 update running average, Excel forecast is 2/26) Update Date Days from 3 update # of Update last UD running avg 23 1/8/2013 69 48.3 22 10/31/2012 51 38.7 21 9/10/2012 25 36.7 20 8/16/2012 40 29.3 19 7/7/2012 45 28.0 18 5/23/2012 3 21.0 17 5/20/2012 36 20.7 16 4/14/2012 24 9.0 15 3/21/2012 2 2.3 Funded 14 3/19/2012 1 2.3 13 3/18/2012 4 4.3 12 3/14/2012 2 6.7 11 3/12/2012 7 6.7 10 3/5/2012 11 6.7 9 2/23/2012 2 4.7 8 2/21/2012 7 5.7 7 2/14/2012 5 4.7 6 2/9/2012 5 3.3 5 2/4/2012 4 2.3 4 1/31/2012 1 2.3 3 1/30/2012 2 2 1/28/2012 4 1 1/24/2012 And here he goes again. Anything Paul? Any investor is going to look here to see what is going on. Hope Paul is a good salesman, because the vibe here is getting pretty cold. Not sure what the balance sheet is like but I think that opens up the question on what/why there is a need for additional funding. I'd probably do it your way, personally, but no one here is doing things spuriously or foolishly so I'm just trying to figure out why we got the silent treatment suddenly. As an aside, I always though 45,000 was a very small amount for a hardware project, so I'm not surprised that there are delays etc. Tony, I see your point, but do you think that these is any reason he couldn't just say. "There's not much I can comment on about ____ due to working on additional funding." It seems like that would be a more straightforward approach and would really help backer confidence. I'm pretty sure now the radio silence is related to the investment firm's funding. Not that the firm requires silence, but that Paul may feel that bad news may jeopardize the firm's interest in Devium/Dash. I'm thinking that didn't want to make any waves with disappointing news which would have spooked the investment firm. Hopefully once this period has passed we can start getting some regular information again. Well stated Michael B, the majority of comments posited were just asking for an update. We invested because we wanted to be part of the journey. Missed opportunity indeed! Oops, hit post b4 I was finished, After so many let downs, (update-wise), and the sudden communication drop off, we were left to our own devices (literally in many cases lol) to speculate, perhaps we jumped to a few conclusions (which have not been addressed directly) , but can we be blamed under the circumstances? I might add that contrary to his promises in his previous update, there was still no release date (is q1 2013 accurate as we get? I wouldn't have an issue with that, i just would like conformation), and he still has not answered the questions in the comments going back months, which he also said he would do. I am still really excited to see this project through, but how can we offer support Of any kind if we're not taken seriously? Well said Michael, It's good to hear that everything is still moving forward. It was just getting worrisome after so long without contact, especially after getting out hopes up several times for news and It's nice to get an update. @Jason - I have been involved in large projects, several times as a founder, several more as a first employee, or as an advisor or simply an investor. Every venture has had varying levels of investment, some as high as $20M+ total VC funding. Every project was extremely complex. I don't say that to boast. I say it because I speak from years of experience doing exactly what Paul wants to do with Devium. I know better than to say I know it all, but I know enough to be able to say that effective communication is *very* important for a startup, especially one with eager early adopters. You *cannot* ignore your investors or your earliest supporters and expect to succeed. There's no excuse for remaining silent here. No one is trolling. We *want* to see Paul succeed, wildly even. A little acknowledgement that we exist goes a long way. Some humility here, in this huge pile of general comments, would go even further. Bad news is fine. As early investors/backers we expect that. It's part of the journey that, for better or worse, makes the experience better than just ordering something that gets it done. Not sharing that journey with us is a missed opportunity. According to that Google+ post which was 15hours ago. The Video is part of Update #23 and should have the update today. @Jason Walker (and Paul for that fact!) this is taking from the KS terms of service Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. So yes we are owed something or a refund! +1 to Colin's comments! Well legally we are owed a product. Or a refund...You have a lot more faith in Paul then I do now, at the beginning he communicated excellently. The reason this has gotten out of controll is that twice now Paul has promised to communicate with us and twice now he has failed to do so. The fact that he logged in shows that he is aware of the situation and ignores it. I just wanted what he promised us. Every Kickstarter Creator that I've delt with so far (until Paul) has maintained excellent communication regardless of any delays or problems they were facing. We're waiting without a ship day, which Paul seems to have know all the while, if we're to believE what devium says... If the delays were explained I wouldn't have a problem. His last email was about communicating better for Pete's sake. It just feels more and more like he's stalling. I really feel like this has been said over and over again. Yes Paul and the team could be talking to us more, but if you have ever been involved in any large project, the work is more important than the communication. I understand that $72,042 is a lot of money, but not so much that he could hire a person to communicate with us. All these people that call for his head, are the reason why kickstarter gets a bad name. Relax, and let him get it done. If you did not trust him you should not have invested in his company. Too many people feel like they are owed a product. Kickstarter is a way to invest in a company, and if and when the company gets off the ground, they reward your help with a gift. That is the way I think about it and it makes me less crazy about delays and lack of communication. Checked out the videos. The Android video looks just like a debug/test for the Bluetooth interface. Didn't see hear any comments to go with it. Good to finally see something. I see that he logged in today. Was hoping he would send an update. Paul, what is going on? Are you still working on additional funding to take the project to retail? Do you still have funds to make the Dash's for the Kickstarters? Good news or bad, please give us an update! It would sure be nice if he took the time to comment here. As I have said before I'm easy going talk to me if there is any issue I can accept that but ignore me....that just shows disrespect! If you aren't following Paul on Google+, he just put videos up showing the iPhone and Android interfaces Has anyone had any contact with Paul in the last month? Based on some comments, I wonder if funding has run out, or if a patent troll have been bugging him? Cuz he DOES NOT CARE!! He's personally protected from us suing him as I believe we could only ever get a judgment against Devium LLC....so at best we could kill his company but not go after him personally. I just can't believe how little respect he has for us!! If everything is on the level, why he will not defend himself from this. That more then anything is what makes me feel off about this whole thing. Paul is completely unreliable, ignores messages and treats us with complete and total disrespect....and thats after he got 72K from us....I'd hate to see how he treats other people! I have sent him emails from both KickStarter and the Devium site. Havn't heard anything yet. Hopefully, he gives us an update soon. This was pauls response to me on facebook last week. As everyone knows he has not updated again as he said he would according to this. "I did celebrate Christmas Colin. I haven't spent much time the last 9 months working 90+ hours a week. I am at the airport waiting on family to arrive. Dash is definitely going to be delivered. You have not even screwed over. I have been traveling the last 6 weeks meeting with investors on securing the money necessary to build faceplates and units beyond kickstarter. I decided to relax for a few days before hitting it hard again tomorrow. I will be putting up a post this weekend with draft images of packaging. I hope you had a good Christmas and enjoy the rest of 2012 and bring in the new year with friends and family. I am a regular dude trying and working hard to make some really difficult but rewarding things happen. I appreciate your support." Has anybody checked to see if there have been court filings (either for or against) involving Devium? I don't have the skills to do that search, but court proceedings could explain the silence. Doesn't forgive the missed promises to provide an update, though. LIkewise, I think we all can guess that $72K is probably getting thin after 9 months. Maybe Devium is seeking Venture Capital, which could also necessitate a communication blackout. All I'm saying is that there are other viable reasons besides an outright scam for a lack of communications. My biggest issue is Paul's lack of communication. It just shows complete disrespect for us....its basically become disgusting. Here's the strange thing! you can pre order a Dash unit for $389 from <url>"Fun fact for today... When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris." not sure if that's a good thing or not. All I know is if you have time facebook you have time to talk to a customer and backer (me) on the phone without hanging up on me. Some interesting thoughts on staying connected as a project manager. What so y'all think? "Shipping/Fulfillment – Staying Connected With Your Backers" <url>#.UNvzQ6VqITw Paul apparently has enough time to be an "expert" panelist on crowdsourcing, but not enough time to provide an update for those who gave him the experience he needed to become such an expert. Given the lack of updates here I'm beginning to think that Paul might be one of the panelists that, as suggested by the article, thinks we're "unsophisticated investors." Paul - you absolutely, without question, need to respond here. You will not succeed if you continue to ignore us. Any sophisticated investor would be wise to assume that your level of communication here and in the past is what they can expect in the future. Prove me wrong Paul. Otherwise, I'm left to assume you've swindled your first 326 fans. I thought that at least being in the Army would have taught him to be a man and communicate. I personally would have been a lot more if not completely forgiving (and i have purchased 2 units) if he stepped up to the plate and actually kept us in the loop and communicated any of the challenges he is having. Instead he's acting like a 10 year old kid and hiding while we are left trying to figure out what it going on! Now interesting his website is still accepting preorders and charging credit cards! What I think is that Paul didin't what to skrew anybody. The problem (I think) is that he spent all the money developing the product, making to much prototypes and now, there's no money left to start the production. Maybe he is somewhere, ashamed of his faliure and thinks it's easyer to disapier than to explain everything. Found this on another project's board, thought it was relevant for here: "Whether you're content with waiting or are disappointed in the delays, I wish all of you a Merry Christmas." I hope for A Dash in the coming year. Cheers, Jed We got screwed and didn't even get a thank-you in the morning! Well I don't think his original plan was too screw us. Don't believe there would have been so many prototypes. But my thoughts have strayed to the relm of "I'm screwed" and nobody who is in a position to do anything, is doing anything. What timeline do you speak of? I do not yet believe we have been deceived, YES!! Paul has been horrific at providing communication. But I am not yet at the point where I think this is a fraud situation. Given the "supposed timeline" if we do not hear some information soonish, my thoughts will change. Makes ya wonder why nobody else wants a voice in this. It's a fair bit of cash to be parted with. I've been checking this wall every week or more since day one. But are we just SOL if we never hear from him again? I think I figured out what is going on....take a look at the pop charger that was on kickstarters. Apply won't license the lightening connector since the device will be compatible with other products. It would not surprise me at all if this is the case with the Dash and Paul doesn't know how to proceed nor does he want to refund our money. Just a thought! We could all pitch in a bit and get a lawyer to make Paul's life a little difficult...at least he'll have to spend some of that scammed money on legal fees...have the headache of a lawsuit and then the karma of scamming people out of their hard earned money instead of honestly working at something to earn it like everyone that supported him!!! Time to step up to the plate PAUL and tell us something! Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. What a piece of work!! He scammed us! I didn't get very far... He said hello then I said something like this: hello I'm Jeffrey one of your kickstarter backers. At that point I paused and he was gone. Probably hung up as soon as he heard the word kickstarter. All he needed to do was maintain contact, now we need two months of updates as well as an explanation. That is if we ever hear from him again. You don't think something's up? Where is he? Why can't anyone find out what's going on. Is it not his job to put my fears to rest? Why does he let this continue? He's logged onto kickstarter several times since the last update nearly 2 months ago now. He had promised the second half soon. Still no second half. No answered questions. Nothing whatsoever. Why nothing, if nothing's up? He always updated frequently in the past. I still trust Paul. He's given me no reason not to trust him. He really hung up, wow. How far did you get in that Convo? I sent him a message on Facebook....We'll see but seriously, I'm 99% positive that we've all been skrewed...I don't believe in this project anymore. It was, in my opinion, an elaborate, time wasting way to make easy money. Just tried to call both paul and david. On pauls it went right to voicemail. On david... he hung up on me. What floors me is Paul has to have gotten word of all this (backer's upset) yet he still has not done a thing to help calm us or rectify the situation. Is that really the sort of company you want to buy a product from? I can say without a doubt....NO!! If he wants to blow us off I guess it is what it is....but I can tell you he won't go far in the world with that type of mindset. I'm truly shaking my head he can not find 2mins in his day to just send us a quick note explaining where things are at. +1 (719) 231-5041 CO, USA Paul's ## according to fb (847) 848-1357 That is the "VP of operations" phone number- David Zwalinski - ill probably give him a ring tomorrow morning. I can at least contact his facebook friends and ask them. I wish I could find the guys cell phone number. Anyone have a clue what it is? I just sent paul a message on FB. I suggest everyone do the same. I really want to track the dude down. I am going through the Denver area in a few weeks. It's kind of hard to avoid someone in real life. Supposedly he will respond via email. You can try but I sent him an email two weeks ago and... NOTHING!!!! There isn't much we can do and Paul probably knows that...it would cost us more to chase after him than we have invested in the Dash. About our best option is a flurry of negative publicity so the Dash gets a bad name. Looks like he wants to forget about the ones that helped launch him...well I say we make sure new buyers of the Dash know how Paul treats customers once he has their money!! FYI, I ment after we're finished waiting for Paul, what courses of action are available to us? Plain and simple. How long do we wait for Paul to respond, and more importantly, what to do after? Should we keep waiting forever and ignore this lack in communications and hope that dash still ships one day? How do we know that the project hasn't died completely? It's really astonishing, the lack of updates. The good, the bad, and the ugly of Kickstarter all in one project... The good - A great idea found eager buyers.. hooray!!! The bad - Paul decided his initial idea needed new features after we all committed and pledged (not sure all the extras were needed in 1.0 release). The ugly - Adding all this "cool" stuff demands more time and expense to development that is/was not budgeted for... boooo!!! We're all patient people Paul, but it is your lack of simple updates that has us more on edge than anything else... We are curious and interested in the nuts and bolts that get this product to market. A monthly heads up is all that's needed.. Video is nice but not necessary Got to love the fact he has logged in on Dec 18th and still no response from him. I guess we can all tell how much he really values us and the money we provided him to start his company! What's our next move? Paul if you ever see this. Understand that I'm out 300ish $ with nothing to show for it after nearly a year. Now the guy whos been dangling dash in front of our noses breaks off contact. It's not a reassuring feeling. How am I supposed to trust you. Why should I? . Dash was a very awesome idea, and I would've loved to get one in my car, but who knows if that will ever happen. I dont know. The Other backers dont know. That's the point Paul. We rely on you for news, and it's been a while. Seriously an update is truly over due! To be a successful CEO you need to be able to communicate to both your team and the public...both of which Paul seems to be lacking on! Pauls not here man....he's out walking his dog! So Paul, you last logged in nov 28th. Did you read any comments? Did You post an update? Why did you even login that day? I'm sure nobody would care if your taking a break for the holidays, but let us know! Paul, what did you do this week to advance dash? Tell us somthing! I tried to call them. They didn't pick up both times. Sent them an email. It seems to me that I will not be able to contact anyone. I really do want to come to a peaceful agreement. Ill give the email overnight. Devium website suggests shipping in Q1 2013.... be nice to read what the Project Leader has to say. I have to say I"M NOT AT ALL IMPRESSED WITH PAUL!! I want dash to be an excellent project too. But how much should we have to put up with? How does keeping us in the loop hinder the project. If he can update Facebook that often why not kickstarter? It's the overall, and continued lack of communication that's the troubling part. Where is the second part of the promised update. Why is there a posted ship date on Facebook and not here (feb btw). What's going on with dash? Paul, My phone number is 801-791-4671. Call or text me if you have something to say. Ya I'm thinking when I get a chance here in a few days I'm going to call my credit car company and try to get the charges reversed. I don't know about everyone else but I don't like giving away $250. That's a considerable amount of money for nothing. Ya, I'm starting to think Paul isn't even a real, existent person or something. I'm really tempted to pay him a visit in Denver in a few weeks. See if he really exists as a real, living, breathing person. I'm patiently waiting. Why put out an alpha or beta stage product. The lack of updates and email responses is a bit troubling, but if he is as busy as he said he was then I have to assume that he is devoting his time to finishing his product. It would be nice to have a weekly update maybe Saturday or Sunday, no matter how small or trivial. Exactly, especially with the accusations flying around, you'd think he would step in to squash them. We've even contacted him through other avenues and still no contact. That's what's really starting to worry me. He's always updating his Facebook about his dog. You think he could pay as much attention to his backers. I'm just worried because we don't hear anything for forever. It's like there is no one there. Paul should at least be looking once a day at the comments. His supporters made this project happen. Least he can do is comment or something but we get nothing. Dead silence. Nothing. The fact that I have gotten no response to my last two comments tells me he is not reading jack shit. I personally am not upset at the pushed back time table. This is a new product and I want it to work when I get it. My personal issue regarding this project is the amount of time between updates and the regular flow of information. I don't feel as though a end date is necessary (even though I want to know) but some information regarding problems or what was completed this week would be nice. Hey, what do you all think. Would like to see what the group thinks. At this point I would be overjoyed to see any form of refund or even the dash that will rot in my garage for the forty years. Same boat...new phone, new car...this has little use to me now Because of the lack of deliverables and cautiousness about deliverables I'm starting to call the fraud card. Might be going through Denver in a few weeks. Thinking about paying Paul a visit. No updates. This project is six months overdue. At this point I have a different phone and I just bought a different car today. I'm trying to be patient. Help me out here paul. Another month gone by and no update... Seriously considering asking Santa for a different radio and trying to sell this on eBay if it's ever delivered... PLEASE give us an update, I like the 325 others want this ! Hey Paul, two questions: First, are you looking to make a Nexus 4 compatible dash plate? and second, Have you considered incorporating the Qi standard wireless charging into the dash plate instead of the micro usb? I know many phones are either already compatible with the Qi standard and many others have cases that support it. Having wireless charging in the plate would be a nice extra, even if it's in a future or more expensive dash plate. I just read the last update thanks for the info about the iPhone 5 that was my main concern, I cannot imagine the pressure to deliver the product. Keep up the good work I would rather have a bug free product then something riddled with problems. All we ask is for more info about progress that's all. Keep up the good work on a great product. I wish more backers would comment on the last update. The more interest we show in updates and new information the more that we will receive. So if you check this page often please leave a comment or suggestion. I must say, I'm worried...I doubt it will ever ship. Paul!!!!! Prove me wrong please!!!! Yeah, I'd like to hear something too. It's been almost two months since the last update. C'mon Paul. You keep promising updates. Then nothing. Whatever the reason. We Want to be kept up to date. I'm fairly sure the iphone will eventually. starting to really wonder about android though. I'm betting android is another year out. By that time i WILL have a different car and a different phone. It's not so much it's taking so long. Just the lack of news drives me crazy. And the unfulfilled promises of news to come. I agree. Need some good news. . . . I don't know about the rest of the backers, but your lack of communication is worrying me. Will dash ever ship? I sent Paul a Facebook message and he responded fairly quickly. I cannot copy and paste from my Facebook app, but the gist of it was that's they we're getting the updated firmware tonight and he needs a day to go over it. After that he will deliver an update. Found this number on the Facebook devium page. It's listed as a mobile. 1-719-231-504. just called them. i was left with just the option to leave a voicemail. I'm going to see if i can use google to find pauls personal phone number. Hey Jeffrey, any luck with that call? I'm going to call devium tomorrow. Their number is on their website. I'll be getting a new phone and a new car soon here. I'm also worried that itll ever even happen for us android folks seeing the very slow progress with iphone stuff. I think we're long overdue an update Wasn't the six week delay more about how long it will take until devium received the new connectors from apple? Then they need time to build and for testing. Paul wasn't very thorough with the details. Not sure if everybody will recieve the dual faceplate, or if you can opt in or out of these. <url>…. We all knew that when this was going to come available Apple would be close to announceing new phone ( just like every year). It is our choice to buy into this thing, and we got unlucky with the connector change. Bummer. Sold my iPhone 4 today. Needed to do it while they were still worth something. Plan on ordering the iPhone 5 tomorrow. So I guess I'm out $300 unless a new Face Plate is announced. It would be great if we were given the option to choose which Face Plate we want prior to shipping. The iPhone 4 option does me no good now. It would be different if the Dash were shipped in April like it was supposed to be. But, since it hasn't shipped yet, we should be given the option of sticking with the iPhone 4 Face Plate or getting something that works with the new phone. Bummer not to be able to get new iphone for the foreseeable future. Would make dash incompatible True. It is taller. @Matthew the size troubles me most Hope you realize an bunch of questions about new connectior for iPhone 5 are coming from us backers !?! :) Eagerly awaiting news! Starting to see similar options available now for sale. <url>"flip cover" case. It replaces the battery back cover and has a "flip" cover. I was wondering if the faceplate could be made to support this case. It would require having a cutout at the bottom of the faceplate so the cover could "stick out". Also, the S3 is supposed to have a contactless charge option (some type of induction system). It would be cool if a version of the faceplate could incorporate it (assuming licensing fees are cost effective). Will you guarantee a shipping date for a complete head unit at this time? Hey Paul, Did I miss the update? Hopefully the delay just means that you're busy with Dash, and not that you've been affected by the fires down your way... Stay safe, and eventually the state will stop burning! ;-) Good to hear some updates. Anything on the android side of things? @BEARFN they're probably a bit far into production now to allow any backers to opt-into an iphone 5 faceplate all whilly-nilly. They'd end up with a bunch of iPhone 4 faceplates laying around that were funded by our money but it would cost them MORE to then go and fab new faceplates. Also, UPDATE PLZ UPDATE PLZ Paul, new rumors have the iPhone 5 changing the connector to a 19 pin from 30, if this does in fact come to fruition, is there a way to change the connector? Did anyone get their t-shirt? Any updates? How are things looking? Really looking fwd to it! Paul, are you anticipating any production delays? Or is a July delivery date still expected? Can't come soon enough, existing head unit gave out on me today... Counting the days Paul :) Sweet. Verizon's going to hate me when they see the amount of music I'll be streaming. Wouldnt it be great, that when you release the car connectivity kit, it allows your steering wheel controller to be customizable? I never use the mute button for instance, and it would be great if it could be programmed as the home button so you can activate sri! I read somewhere (don't remember if it was in the comments or somewhere else on the site) that the iPhone face plate will work with the bumper case due to a removable rubber grommet that holds the phone in place snugly. Will the android face plate employ a similar technique? I'm asking because I have a slim case on my Galaxy Nexus (about 1mm all around) and I would prefer not to have to remove it each time I want to use dash. Almost a month away, inching closer. I think July will never come :( Hi Paul, Just tried to send to <email> (double-checked the address, since the bounce came from Devium.com), and got an undeliverable bounce, with the following text: Delivery has failed to these recipients or groups: <email> Your message can't be delivered because delivery to this address is restricted. Ideas? No problem just curious. Quick question: Are the shirts shipping with the dash? Hey Paul, I responded to the shipping address survey earlier... and just realized that I never indicated a color preference for the anodizing! How would you like me (and others potentially in my same situation) to indicate our color preference to you? Hi paul! Just wondered if you were going to put the app out for beta testing before the unit ids finished jut so you can get feedback theirs a app developer site for iPhone pad app that lets you test them before final release, I will look it up if you want Any more field testing video's that you could show us? using the Dash "app's" @sohjsowwin The fan pulling air across the phone is a great idea. My phone gets rather hot, plus if the sun is hitting the unit while driving, it can get even hotter, especially the black phones! Scratch that USB Charger question. I found it my self. D'oh. Great to hear about the Mic. Is it a standard 3.5mm Mic input or some other connector? And is it inside the car's dash, behind the Dash unit, or a front facing input (inside the car's dash would be preferred, I'd think). I've noticed the vents on the Dash in the pictures. Are there any vent holes behind the phone so that a fan inside the unit could pull some cooler air from the cabin over the phone into the unit and out of those vent holes in the main body? Some phones can get pretty warm when using 3/4G data, GPS, Bluetooth, and charging all at once. The fan pulling air over the phone would help in keeping it cool while it's serving as your in-car entertainment system. Also, how many amp will the Dash use when charging the phones? Will it be the standard 0.5 amps of PC USB, or will it be 1-2 amps for better/faster charging of today's high end devices? Thanks again for such an awesome product. I can't wait until August. @Paul & @Sohjsolwin Excellent! I had been wondering the same thing. Wind whips through my car like crazy -- there's no way you'd be able to hear me without an additional mic or a headset. Now to figure out where to put it... I have some great ideas for my car and have been looking for an excuse to rip apart the interior for a long time...this is a bad influence! :-P Hey Paul, Will it fit in a 2008 WRX? Congratulations on the funding! Quick question: Will Dash have support for a Microphone line in (at the rear of the unit) and if so, will it have the capability to switch between audio streaming bluetooth profile and the headset profile? Mic in would allow those with a phone whose microphone doesn't function too well in the dock to install a PC mic or similar in the car routed around to a place that will pick up the speaker's voice better. I would likely set it up so that a small PC mic was routed through the dash, over the door frame, and sat somewhere around the shoulder possibly clipped onto the seat belt. I ask primarily because my phone, Galaxy Nexus, has it's mics on the bottom, likely where it will be docked from, and the top back, where it will almost certainly not be able to pick up a voice clearly. I mention the ability to switch bluetooth profiles because I think in audio streaming mode it would use the phone's mic, but if it was connected to the stereo in headset mode, it could still pump out the sound through the car's speakers and could pull audio from a car/stereo mic, but you wouldn't want headset mode to be the default in case someone didn't have a mic hooked up (or maybe a way to prevent switching profiles, or auto switching back, if a mic is not detected plugged in?). Unless the Dash face plates will have a mic in them, but I don't think that's the case. Either way, thanks for this awesome stereo. I've been looking for something just like this for a while. Also, sorry for such a long comment. Congratulations, i am very happy the project has been successful funded, now i am sure i am getting my dash. 'grats Paul! I'm pleased to have been a part of this thing, and have enjoyed watching the specs get better and better as you got feedback. I'm just up in Berthoud (not exactly close, but close enough!), so let a fellow Coloradian know if you need a beta tester! If nothing else, my daughter would love an excuse to go to the Cheyenne Mountain Zoo and feed the giraffes again... ;-) Really looking forward to getting this thing into my car... Congratulations, glad its being made in the US and glad to be a backer! "Buy American, the job you save WILL be your own" Congratulation. Well done. 11 Hours to go!! Congrats Paul @Casey I'm sure there isnt a ton of left over space. Thats a lot of amp and other forms of power in that unit. Its also really the first of its kind. Where is the Dash going to be made? (hoping it's the USA!!!) I suspect that there will be lot's of empty space inside the main unit. A thought I had is if could be designed with a "storage" box with an access door behind the face plate with usb and or 12v ports. There have been many "requests" for this or that module (gps module, Bluetooth hard drive, etc). This will provide a place to put any of these Bluetooth modules and provide an easy power port. very cool. much more simplified tshirt design. thanks @okor as you can see Paul is always one step ahead :D Paul: are you even sleeping? :P Hi Paul: I think Dash is great and maybe the way to go for future in-car all-in AV. I have a reverse cam, front bumper cam and in-car headrest screens that connects to my current double din in-car stereo that is also touch screen capable. Just a wild thought - if the Dash can somehow take in the reverse cam, front bumper cam (which I have) and headrest screens (to output movies/pics to ppl in the backseat), and integrate all these into the Dash, I think would be really excellent. This plus stereo, car connect kit, GPS, etc would just make the Dash simply unbeatable. Cheers. Yay HD! Good to know! Thank You! Any plans for built in AM/FM? I was thinking, if I am on a snowboarding trip, sometimes I can't get a signal but I need local weather information for an upcoming pass. Not critical, but it would be nice. How does the $15 tee work? I added another $15 but it wouldnt let me select a tee. Am I good to go with the tee? Sorry what i ment was that the tshirt could be simpler. The graphic seems to be a little to weird. Maybe somthing simpler would be better. I think the tshirt design could be a little simpler. The graphic seems to be right for the tshirt. Keep up the good work with the project. Hi Paul, I don't know how difficult is to capture the video input from an iPhone, but I would love to see my rearview camera in the Dash too. Will custom colored Dashes still be available when they hit retail? I'd love to throw my Galaxy Nexus in a Dash instead of spending $2k-5k on an in-dash nav/CD system that I'm never going to use because my phone is better :) Hi Paul, thanks for that. I think it may be the BA falcon that has the integrated controls. I have thenAU model, and currently have a different stereo n the car so think I should be all good! Can't wait to get this exciting bit of kit! Paul, there is enough room for a double din stereo? Will it not fit in there? Are you just saying it will not work with th controls? Thank you! Thanks for the reply. I am going to wait til after I get a new phone before I order my box. It will be around September. Got my eye on the HTC One X but am not sure if Verizon will carry it. Can't wait to get the Dash in my dash! Ya I'm wondering how a steering wheal device would work. First off I don't really like the idea of screwing the thing into my wheel. Some double sided 3m tape would work really well and be removable using acetone or something like that. Also, Im not sure how the cabling would work when you start twisting the wheel around. Maybe a AAA li-on battery would be a good idea with a transmitter in it. How many phones will you be supporting? I have a Droid Bionic. I really love this idea and am a backer. I plan on connecting this to a 2002 AU model Ford Falcon in Australia. Is there any chance you can confirm is will be able to be installed? And also the steering controls connectivity? Can you please post a picture of the T-Shirts? Hello Paul Is it possble to have option of rotating the face plate 180 degrees fo those in RHD cars? It would bring the volume control closer to the drive but also looks like its easier to mount the phone. Great project, looking forward to it. Great News on the 4V PRE-OUTS...I got my ask!! You rock!! Thanks!! I want to order it for my 2005 Rav4s but am due for a new phone in September. I am planning to get the Razer Maxx. Will that version of the phone work with this also? Will the unit fit my car? Love it! Awesome idea! Can I ask you for a pay it forward and be my first kickstarter pledger please? I am having trouble getting pledges but am getting alot of likes! Thanks!! How does the volume knob work? Is it a potentiometer or a rotary encoder? Adding support for some of the larger phones, it might be useful have the ability to have volume controlled on the phone display through an app. Hi Paul, congratulations on progress! Will there be the possibility of a GPS antenna in the base unit like the TomTom and Magellan iPhone cradles have? @Aaron: What good will GPS Tracking be without the smartphone providing the internet connectivity? Or do you want the faceplate to have a separate connection? What about a password/GPS tracking just incase someone leaves their faceplate in the vehicle and it were to get stolen. Any potential chance of including an AUX in for those of us that have sat radio units in the car as well? What type of class D amp will you be using? The so-called "class T" derivative seems to be highly regarded. Question I'm sure we are all wondering: What all will be included with dash. Wiring harness etc. ? Congratulations Paul, read through all the coments and decided to back it, i really appriciate that your taking the backers comments and implimenting some ideas, can't wait until July! <url>…)): The iPhone4(s) plate just has a single dial for volume control - how about adding simple additional controls like play/pause, skip fwd, skip reverse? My current iPhone-FM transmitter has these and they are very useful (if I want to skip/pause a song while in another app, for example) Backed ! Woo hoo ! Come on July ! Congrats bro! Can't wait, was really hoping this would be funded, and what do ya know?! July can't get here fast enough! Congrats on a great idea finally turning to reality can't wait to get my dash so I can show it off Funded Looking like the project will get funded today! Congratulations! Any chance at getting a Orange option at the $300 level. He's got a droid option i think you should make a model for android devices +1 on the HD Radio inclusion! If you are already going to add an FM modulator (what, no AM?!? ;-) then it'd be great if we one-upped it a bit! Great to see you are almost there! I've been looking for a replacement for my 10 year old OEM AM/FM/6-disk changer for quite some time and this is awesome! Since this is looking like it's going to be successfully funded (Yay! ...fingers remain crossed for luck!) for Iteration 2, what do you think about including a CD/DVD drive and replaceable HDD (ala the Xbox 360's easily replaceable design) that would auto-rip content to internal storage which would then be accessible by the phone's interface? I realize space is of the essence in the double-DIN box so this may not be reasonable... Anyhooo, I have a ton of ideas I'd love to share. Keep up the great work and good luck! :-D Oh yes...one more question. How easy will the system install into existing systems. Will it use a wiring harness from one of the major manufacturers or have its own unique wiring harness? I'm assuming it'll only fit double din openings. Will it use a standard dash kit for double din stereos? Maybe you should have a higher level donation to get your own custom engraving on the faceplate instead of the 'devium'? I don't know how many people would take you up on it and how much of a pain that would be. Just thinking of some extra revenue streams for you. What are the odds that you could do custom colors on the faceplate? I drive a Yellow Jeep and I'd love a yellow faceplate. Anyway it works, I'm backing ya! Been waiting for something like this for a long long time. Love how clean it looks with just one knob. Because you use an app to run it that gives you a ton of flexibility in the future. Look forward to new updates. I also use the otterbox commuter case for iphone 4s, it's not quite as large as the defender but still protects very well. Exact dimensions of the otterbox case I use are: 4.76" x 2.53" x 0.56". It would be nice if it could fit these dimensions, can you verify? Almost there. I know you're building in some ability for the phone to have a bumper case or not, but what about a full blown case, similar to the Otterbox line? Having shattered its screen once, my iPhone now lives in an Otterbox Defender case, which adds a not-insignificant amount to its girth... On the plus side, I'm also now familiar with iPhone 4 screen replacement procedures! ;-) i for one would rather have more features and a later shipping date That is a much better option. I'm glad to hear that. I have a bluetooth one and it doesn't work very well at all. Will the 'car connectivity kit' just be a Bluetooth obd2 transmitter? James, that is a really cool idea. I second that. I don't suppose the FM Tuner will be HD? *inline Could you make it so you can press the volume knob to play/pause start siri and forward and reverse like the online headphone remote? Looks like I'm one of the handful of backers looking forward to an Android compatible faceplate. ;) Have you considered speedometer input support for automatic volume adjustment? Paul, I know you have mentioned the steering wheel controls previously. Any chance you could elaborate further on what you have planned? Also do you know if any of the third party modules are compatible with dash? Thanks, Derek How much are the faceplates going to be when upgrades are made or phone change in size? Thats great about the additional pre-out, I'm now getting 2 units as I can use it in my other car that's setup for there amps. My ask...any chance you could make the pre-outs at a higher voltage. Say 4V or 5V...the higher the voltage the susceptible to noise. Anyways it would be nice if possible. Thanks and good luck!! Paul, Thank you for considering our input. You have a great idea and I am glad I came acrossed it before buying a head unit for my new vehicle. With the addition of an extra preamp, I think it will fit all my needs. I plan to become a bigger backer. Thank you again for your innovative idea. I sure hope we can get it backed! Good Luck, Derek Bah, just re-read the Home page. It was right there the whole time. How will Balance / Fade / Equalization be controlled in this unit? I can see how volume is controlled, but nothing else. Obviously not a show stopper, but I'm curious. Sorry hit the post prematurely. That extra channel or two would allow for front left/right, rear left/ right, and a sub all powered by an amp. Thanks for you consideration, Derek Good Afternoon Paul, Is there any chance for more preamp connections? Those of us who prefer premium sound in our cars would benefit from one more channel I only wish it could be available for my upcoming road trip in June! Pretty cool concept. What makes your idea different than the 2011 innovations award winner O-Car that is already available?? <url>