Greetings, Delvers! Winter is at hand (at least in the northern hemisphere), and hopefully the season is treating all of you well as the holidays get into full swing. For those in the US, we hope you had a happy Thanksgiving and were able to enjoy family, friends, and a good game or two. We do have some excellent news that we’ve been excitedly waiting to share! But first, we want to apologize for the long delay prior to this update. We’ve continued to make steady progress, but as usual, there is a lot of “under the hood” system work. We were also waiting until everything was fully in place to make the following announcement: Additions To The Team Our team has always been very small, and development speeds have been effectively capped at the output of our single developer. In an effort to formulate a more clear and efficient path forward, we have been hoping to bring on additional programming help for some time. Over recent months, we also finally reached a point in development where we could easily introduce new team members to the codebase, and get them prepared to make contributions to the game. So we have now added two new part-time programmers to our team: Brandon and James. Both of them are very excited to help with the game, and were actually following it for some time before they started working with us. It was a really great moment for our team when we began to introduce them to the code, and we're looking forward to what we can accomplish together. We also have high hopes that the extra bandwidth with continue to smooth out and speed up the development process. Both Brandon and James began working with us several months ago, mainly learning the game’s design &amp; systems, and becoming familiar with the code. Now that they are about to begin making significant contributions to the game, we are pleased to introduce them to you! Brandon has experience working on several smaller games (some personally and some professionally), mostly in Unity, as well as expertise in app and web development. He is also a Mac and Linux aficionado, adding further knowledge and passion to our interest in platform diversity. In fact, he originally sent in his application specifically due to his interest in our future Linux port. He is especially intrigued by the complex room and puzzle generation aspects of Delvers, and is excited to assist in that area. And as a person with red-green colorblindness, Brandon is very interested in helping to ensure that the UI is color-blindness-aware. This will help keep game and its systems highly accessible for all. James has a similar skillset to Brandon, though he remains a PC loyalist. He had experience working in Unity and tablet game development, in addition to web dev. After he applied to work with us, we discover that he conveniently lives less than a block from our office — so he now holds the record for shortest commute. With his interest in fighting games, he is most looking forward to working on Delver’s Drop’s combat system. We have been wanting to add greater depth, and James’ knowledge of fighting mechanics will be a great asset. He is very interested in continuing to refine the poise-like stun mechanics we’ve developed, based on his love of poise in Dark Souls. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Art Updates Since the last update, we’ve continued to focus our efforts on enemy artwork. We've been working to refine which enemies appear together, as well as concepting additional abilities for them, in order to create more challenging tactical situations through their behaviors. We’ve also continued to keep world-building in mind by creating further cohesion between the zones, the elemental forces in the game’s lore, and the enemy “species” that are tied to each. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Development Updates While the new programmers have been learning the code base and understanding the design direction of the game, we’ve worked on improvements to lighting, ambient darkness, the texture system, and other aspects. Previously the ambient darkness (the dark-tinting “shadowed” effect in rooms) tended to make them either too hard to see or washed out. This turned much of our colorful artwork into blander grayed tints, or caused enemies to blend into the background. Our goal was to create a sense of mystery and dread through the darkening effects, but often times it simply made the game hard to play... and not in a way that we considered to be "challenging yet fun." Our improvements should help the rooms to appear more vibrant where lit, but also more convincingly dark and moody elsewhere. We’ve also updated animation support for the latest Spine runtime and features. This is actually a crucially important step as our animation pipeline was previously incredibly complex and unwieldy (as mentioned in previous updates). But by using some of Spine’s newest features, we are able to drastically simplify some things, decreasing the time necessary for animating and also increasing maintainability. So what the artists had been doing in Spine needed to become fully supported in code, and now that integration is complete. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ What’s Next Gameplay systems are moving back to the development forefront, and we will be doing another integration pass on the random generation, with a goal of more interesting and tightly-designed levels. We will also continue with numerous new enemies, traps, interactives, items, and art updates in general. We will be working on putting together another update soon with further details. It has also been brought to our attention that there are several issues with the forum and our websites. We hope that you all understand we are attempting to give all of the time we possibly can to the game, and so additional aspects of our marketing are very low priority at the moment. However, fixing these aspects of our web presence is on the to-do list — we just do not have a specific ETA for these updates. Thank you all very much for your continued support! We appreciate it immensely. Email: <email> Salutations, Delvers, and welcome to the newest update! Thank you all again for your support, encouragement, and patience as we continue to make progress on the game. It is a huge morale boost to us when we hear from each of you, and we really enjoy discussing the game’s mechanics and hearing your thoughts. We appreciate each and every virtual high-five, and continue to look forward to your feedback. For this update, we decided to focus on enemies since they had not been featured in quite a while. Our character designer has been working to create several new designs and refining some previous artwork. And with the addition of the new universal improvements to the bipedal character skeleton, we’re excited to create a few more humanoid characters for the player to combat — especially those that wield weapons and offer a greater tactical challenge. We’ve also been refining the enemy groupings in various levels and habitats in order to provide a unique and challenging balance of tactics in each zone. Below is a selection of some of our most recent artwork. Beasts (Above) Mire Wolf and Rupture Boar In the world of the Delvers, most creatures have descended from several ancient races of celestial beasts. The family trees of the major species have intertwined over time, creating cross-breeds, and resulting in smaller and less powerful creatures — though they are still quite a threat to humans. The oldest living ancestors of the beasts are enormous, and often feature unique (and powerfully magical) characteristics. Most enemy beasts that the Delvers will encounter in the dungeons of the Drop are mixed-breed mongrels that have been affected by the Spoil Swamps. These seeping bogs alter the beasts born in or near them, causing mutations and introducing features of Murk and Spoil-born beasts into their physiology. This Spoil influence is evidenced by reptilian, amphibious, or aquatic features in otherwise mammalian or avian creatures — such as scales, fins, spines, webbed toes or wings, and poisonous blood or breath. The more chimeric the beast, the more likely its bloodline has been tainted by the influence of the Spoil. Others like the races of boars still carry some of their elemental heritage, and in the case shown above, can unleash thunderous explosive energy. Gobels (Above, top left to bottom right) Gobeling, Gobel Brute, Gobel Harrier, Spoil-Sorcerer, and Gobogre The Gobels represent one of the greatest threats to the world of the Drop, and to the player. They are not exactly intelligent or cunning, but they have an unnerving determination that results from an inability to experience pain or fear. These creatures grow from the remains of humanoid lifeforms in the spoil, multiply incessantly as they are spawned from the bogs, and then grow unchecked as they continue to eat. They have no survival instinct, and when threatened or opposed (or when they are simply hungry), they will attack the unwary in swarms of hodgepodge bodies. They tend to begin life as small round blobs with only eyes and a mouth, and then grow legs, a sensory protrusion that looks like a nose, and other appendages from there. The larger they grow and the more human or animal flesh they consume, the more they begin to assimilate the properties of other beasts. They do not gain the ability to deduct or learn, but they may begin to exhibit traits through absorbed instinct. Smaller Gobels with arms will begin to use shields, and larger gobels will don armor and wield weapons. Their use of these implements is clumsy, and they will never duel the player like another human, but these traits are unsettling at best, and cause the Gobels to represent an even greater threat. Their connection to the Spoil also allows them to tap into its elemental magic naturally, so a Spoil-Sorcerer Gobel can be quite a threat. More Coming Soon (Enemies above are not final, and may be changed) We’re planning to work on even more enemies this month, so we’ll be in touch again soon with even more images! Development Progress On the technical side of our art efforts, we are attempting to finalize the updates to the characters’ animation skeleton using our animation software, Spine by Esoteric ( esotericsoftware.com ). This will not only help us to continue animating the remaining characters efficiently, but will also allow us to add further animations to all characters simultaneously. As mentioned above, we also look forward to using a (slightly modified) version of this improved skeleton rig to animate humanoid and bipedal enemies, such as all of the Gobels above. Only the smallest Gobel uses his own simpler, unique skeleton; the rest will be driven by the same framework that will animate the player characters, but with more interesting animations to give them a different posture and style of movement. On the programming front, our main efforts are still centered around dashing, and differentiating quick evasive dashes from sustained, straight running charges. We’re continuing to work on functions relating to combat, and have been cleaning out some older aspects of the codebase in order to continue implementing new features efficiently. We are also working on an updated (and unified) state list for the player and enemies, which will allow for more unique states when one receives damage. Previously, any amount of damage was likely to result in knocking the character back and causing them to remain stunned for short period, which was always a fixed amount of time. This led to some frustration during gameplay, since it made the game feel more “old-school,” like the knockback in NES games like Castlevania. Due to our physics system, this knockback still felt somewhat natural, but it could be frustrating when a very small amount of damage resulted in a significant amount of “input loss” and interrupted play just as much as a heavier hit. Therefore we’ve been working toward having more gradations between fully stunned / knocked down and simply clipped by minor damage. We’re taking a page or two from games that handle it well, such as various fighting games and the Dark Souls series. If you have thoughts about our previous implementation in the demo on Humble, please let us know! (Or if you haven’t played the demo, send us an email at <email> and we’ll get your key to you!) As always, we look forward to your feedback on the art, game design, play, and story. Please keep in touch and drop some thoughts in the comments! Thank you for reading! Web: <url>"charge up" this dash move, but after a moment the character will start running in the current facing direction — basically like old-school Zelda Pegasus Boots. The mechanic is based on the offensive capabilities of the current dash, but lasts much longer, and the player can control how far they dash by simply holding down the button until they want to stop. This move will also allow the player to traverse long distances even quicker, without the start and stop of the previous dash. But obviously this will come at an expense to your energy meter, so you can't dash (or dodge) forever. We're very excited about the improvements the new dash(es) will make by expanding combat variety and providing more options for dungeon traversal. We have a few more interesting ideas about what specific classes or equipment may do to enhance the dodge and dash, but we'll show you our prototype of the mechanic first and see what you think! Art Update: Characters &amp; Animation On the creative side, we've been working on the artwork for the remaining characters, including the Elementalist and the Musketeer. Their designs were created a while ago, but we've been working on splitting up their composite parts for animation, and beginning the process of designing their additional angles of rotation (since characters can face up, down, left, right, and diagonals). Since we are a top-down 2D game, we have to paint each direction (or at least the ones that can't be mirrored), and make sure that they appear to "rotate" correctly when the character changes direction, without any strange pops, jitters, or inadvertant changes in proportion. In the process of setting these up for animation, we've also been making several improvements to the characters' animation skeleton. This will result in some animation improvements not only for the new characters, but for the previously available characters as well. Since the animation software we use (Spine by Esoteric Software: <url>"rotation" directions without having to make completely unique animations for each angle. This is a huge improvement over our previous process, where we had to animate each direction by hand, and then often had to manually copy-paste each characters' animations to the next character skeleton! We're very grateful that Esoteric has been making so many improvements to their animation software, because it's helping us to save a ton of time (and maintain a lot more sanity). It's a bit of tough work for right now, but it will pay off exponentially in time-savings to complete the game's animation work. Closing Scribbles: Thank you for reading! As always, if you have any questions you can email us at <email>. Web: <url>’ve been hard at work ensuring that the possible physics interactions within that system are implemented appropriately. In our last update, we touched on our efforts to polish character movement properties — these include acceleration, traction, stopping friction, and sliding on low-friction surfaces like ice. As a part of the process, we have been working on propulsion parameters (using force to propel objects). This is the feature that allows bombs to explode and send other objects flying across the room; it also allows the Delvers to have an instantaneous dash ability. When we test mechanics like this, we often tie the mechanic in question to a hotkey, so that our developers can execute the feature at will over and over, without worrying about items or other stats. So we can currently hit a single key that creates an area of extreme force, centered on the Delver. While he was testing this, our programmer added a feature that caused the inverse — an attracting force like magnetism. In the original implementation of the physics system (before we revised it), we thought this type of attractive force was going to be time-consuming difficult to develop, given the constraints of the system. But with our revisions, this feature was very simple to add — in fact, it more or less came about as a byproduct of the testing and polish process. So instead of spending days or weeks implementing this new feature (and then spending months fixing bugs resulting from it), we now have a stable magnetism feature which was built in an afternoon! One of the other cool aspects of this feature is that expulsion and attraction can now be applied selectively - so it can affect everything at once, or only one type of entity, such as coins, items, inanimate objects, enemies, or only the player. We’re sure many of you have wondered why we were taking so long to revise the physics system, especially when it’s hard to see how important physics might be to a roguelike dungeon-crawler. We did not build physics simply as a means to natural movement or combat. The true possibilities of the new physics system lie in the creation of amazing abilities, spells, and effects that leverage the physics system and result in new gameplay possibilities. To show off this feature, we’ve included a simple video below showing our tests. Just to let you in on our thought process, here are some examples of how these features might be used. Many of these would not have been possible in the previous physics system! Constantly attract coins toward the player (but not other objects) for easy collection of loot and gold. Magical pillars in rooms (or a gravity spell) that can pull on the player and enemies when active, sucking them toward the center of their force. Magnetic pillars activated by a switch could also be used in puzzles. A wand that can be “charged” (holding down the attack button) to attract and levitate inanimate objects like crates. Then when the spell is unleashed (the button is released), these objects are sent flying across the room to crash into enemies. Please pardon the visuals! For testing purposes, we typically use rooms with a generic (flat-color) tileset, some animations are disabled, and some debug features are turned on. We also have pits, walls, and particle effects turned off! You may also notice some unintentional clipping, given the amount of force being applied — things get a little crazy! We will be fixing these issues as we continue to test these features. Last Month’s Survey Thank you to everyone who participated in our survey last month! The survey itself is now closed, but we had a great response, with even more feedback than we had expected. To those of you who may have missed it, we asked a number of questions to help us pre-balance the game, focusing on elements such as difficulty, length of play, and the balance of player skill necessary for completion. The responses were largely in agreement, and in line with our own targets and the gameplay goals set forth in the campaign — so we were happy to be reassured that we are definitely on track to meet the desires of players. We also wanted to ensure that our efforts toward the completion of the game appropriately (and proportionally) targeted the aspects of the game in which you were most interested (story, equipment, secrets, etc). These responses were also very helpful, and will continue to assist us in refining our schedule and focusing on the areas of the game that will result in the most fun, and the greatest satisfaction of you all — our backers. Thank you again! And if you missed the survey but would still like for your voice to be heard, you can always send us a private message, or email us at <email> Thank you for reading! Web: <url>— they have also allowed for much greater control over the design and feel of things like character movement. This has required some re-engineering of our property values, so data like a character’s acceleration, traction, and stopping friction are currently being revised and rebalanced. The Rogue has gotten even tighter movement control, with just a little bit of slide when stopping, while the Sorcerer remains floaty and slippery. But we are also working to improve his handling! While enhancing the control and movement capabilities, we have also been taking a hard look at our overall game design and features in order to improve our efficiency and re-focus on the most important elements of the game. Our goal is partly an effort to increase our rate of feature-completion, but we are also attempting to accelerate the areas that deserve the most attention: shoring up deficiencies and amplifying areas where the game excels. SURVEY - We want your feedback! To this end, we’ve created a short survey to gather feedback about the game’s concept, features, difficulty, and what you most want to see from Delver’s Drop! We encourage all of you to fill it out here: <url>’s purpose is to re-confirm our backers’ expectations so that we continue toward the game you are hoping Delver’s Drop will become. It may also help us to prioritize features you really want to see sooner than others. The second goal of the survey is to gain insight into which components of the game most excite each of you, so that we can focus additional attention on what you really want to see. When you backed the project, were you most excited by the Roguelike elements, Zelda inspirations, random loot, or something else in our concept? As with other Action-RPG / Roguelike-like games, there are many layered systems, and everyone prefers certain systems or types of challenge better than others. So we would like your feedback on which features you think will be the most fun, and some general feedback to better understand your gaming preferences - we want to make sure we remain aware of your interests and expectations. Ultimately, your responses will help us balance the game! So we hope all of you will give us a few minutes of your time and tell us what most excites you about Delver’s Drop, what led you to back the campaign, and what you truly want to see us accomplish! There is also some room within the survey to write additional comments if you have further thoughts. We will likely follow up with additional surveys after the next build is available, since we know that many of you will have much more specific feedback at that time! OUYA &amp; Platform Support Update Several people have asked about our promised Ouya version, and what will become of it now that the Ouya system has been discontinued. First, let’s recap what we currently plan support, and our immediate goals: We are still committed to PC/Mac/Linux for the initial release, as promised. After that, iOS will follow, and then Android support. After the Android port is complete, Ouya would have been the next port, since the Ouya is Android-based and would have been an easy conversion. While it was not initially a part of our campaign, we added Ouya support due to a flood of backer inquiries, and its growing popularity and success at the time. However, looking back, it was likely an error for us to specifically target a single device. All of the other systems/ports (PC, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android) are platforms with a specific OS — whereas Ouya is a device , though it is based on the Android platform. Devices come and go, but successful platforms tend to remain. In short, we should perhaps have mentioned the likelihood of an Ouya port along with general Android support, or as one possibility out of several potential devices. Now, since it seems that Ouya is no longer viable, we will consider other options. We will hold off on any further porting decisions until the port development process is ready to begin, so that we do not pick another platform which may be phased out, bought out, DOA, or may generally become a bad fit for our backers / fanbase / market. After we begin the port to Android, we will likely allow backers to vote on a short list of Android-based devices that are still relevant at that time — such as Amazon FireTV, NVidia Shield, or Razer Forge TV (which might be the successor to Ouya?). The good news is that Android devices are plentiful (and should continue to be for years), and we may be able to support more than one device after that initial port has been completed, depending on the success of the game. We still cannot speak to any console or handheld ports. Some have asked if we could support a console such as the Switch, Vita, 3DS, etc as a replacement for the Ouya. But unfortunately, any console port would be much more difficult and costly than a port to an Android-based device. We are not saying it will never happen, but any console port possibilities will be entirely dependent upon the financial success of the game, and the interest of our backers and fanbase after release. We hope this additional information is helpful and satisfactory to all backers! Feel free to let us know if you have any other questions or suggestions. And don’t forget to fill out the survey, which asks some questions about platform support! Closing Scribbles... As always, thank you so much for your continued patience and support! We hope you will drop your thoughts in the comments, or if you have more specific concerns and questions, please reach out through direct message, or via <email> Thank you for reading! Web: <url>’re back again for a quick monthly recap of our progress and some interesting tidbits about the world of the Delvers. Game Update We’re primarily hard at work on the full upgrade of gameplay code into uniformity with the recently completed engine changes. This involves revising many of our physics values and player stats, such as friction values, acceleration, top speed, and many of the other bits of data that determine how objects and characters move, and how the game feels. The “game feel” of Delver’s Drop is extremely important to us, and we believe that these improvements will be very well received by all concerned. We had many comments from some of you, from forum users, and convention attendees concerning the “slippery” feel of several of the characters. While the natural-feeling physics of the game is important to us, we have been working to rein in the slip-and-slide nature of character movement (and in other cases, to intentionally retain it). We are doing this while keeping the other positive elements of fluidity and the impression of what we like to call “cartoon realism,” or the internal consistency and impression of realism within our otherwise invented world. These updates are both improving the flexibility of our system (so that we can make characters feel even more unique), and improving the ability for you and the rest of our player base to mod the game. Previously many of the values were by necessity completely invented “magic numbers” with little to no real-world coherence — e.g. what does a friction setting of 5,000 mean anyway, and why does it feel so similar to 10,000 friction? These values are now much more comprehensible, both to our design team, and some day, to those of you who wish to edit our data files. And simultaneously, we are continuing to tune the feel of the game so that it controls much more responsively than before. In other news, support for Mac OSX 10.12 Sierra is complete, tested, and fully functional. In the meantime, we’ve discovered some sporadic issues with Windows 10, where the game may randomly fail to load about 10% of the time. So this is next on the list of engine versus operating system fixes. ------------------------------------------------------- Art Update We’ve also been working on some much-needed improvements (and simplifications) to the weapon system. The goal has been too make them more understandable by players, manageable by our designers, and generally making it possible for us to complete the remaining weapon art that still needs to be done. Weapons will still be randomly dropped and feature randomized stats that change their look. But we are attempting to ensure that our effort in this system has the most payoff for players, while avoiding having to paint a few extra thousand unique-looking weapons that ultimately have very similar stats. Instead, we’re focusing on unique art where there is the most exciting ramifications in terms of play, such as unique damage types or movesets for one particular weapon within a category. We’ve also been working on some improvements to the randomizable parts and graphical layers of the weapons, so that while the system is simpler, individual weapon types can actually have more unique-looking variants. In the below examples, we’re showing off some of the different layers and color tints that can be applied to weapons to make a single weapon category such as this Broadsword have a large variety of unique instances. The names of the weapons will be much more interesting once these updates are in game, and more layers may be included, such as crests and gemstones. ------------------------------------------------------- Lore Delving Have you wondered why the Delver’s faces are always in shadow? In our earliest sketches, this was partly inspired by other games (especially Final Fantasy black mages). But our primary motivation for this choice was to hide the characters’ identities so that the player could more easily imagine that these characters could be anyone — and could more easily imagine themselves in the role of that character. Ultimately, I enjoy RPGs that allow me to invest a bit of my own personality and play style into the roles of the playable characters. This often requires either a degree of player customization, or a playable character that is a bit of a blank slate or cipher designed to convey the player’s choices, or both. The goal of Delver’s Drop was to allow the player to inhabit a fairly alien fantasy world, touched a bit of zaniness, especially in the fact that our main characters are all scoundrels. To make these characters customizable ciphers, while retaining a large degree of whimsy and eccentricity in their designs, we chose to hide their faces, and leave only mysterious glowing eyes. Our hope is that you could imagine that you could be a Delver if you lived in their imagined universe, regardless of your past or your experiences. In the context of their world, the Delvers hide their faces for a few reasons. One may be obvious — since they are all criminals of one degree or another, and are persecuted (whether justly or not), they must go about in disguise. But this has a greater significance within the Guilds, the sects to which the Delvers belong. When one chooses to become a Delver, they have to leave their old life behind to varying degrees, in order to serve the cause of their Guild. The symbol they all bear to identify this choice is called the Grimcloak — a magical shadow that covers them. The Grimcloak hides their skin, and leaves only their glowing eyes and other faint features visible, as well as lending other supernatural properties. The average observer would identify an individual wearing a Grimcloak as a Delver, but through its magic the Grimcloak shifts and distorts the perceptions of the observer (like a glamour or veil, for those who read fantasy novels). In short, the observer would not be able to describe the Delver’s height, build, gender, hair color, clothing, or any other distinguishing features afterward. This makes it the perfect disguise in pursuit of the Delvers’ often less-than-upright goals. So why would the city guards not simply round up every Delver that they find, assuming that if one is guilty then they all are? Well, for one, this is no easy task — it may often be simpler and safer for the guards to turn a blind eye, unless they directly observe a crime in progress, or are looking for a dangerous fight. On the other hand, could a guard recognize the same Delver again, if they later seemed to look like any ordinary citizen? ------------------------------------------------------- Closing Scribbles... Again, thank you so much for your continued patience and support! We hope you will drop your thoughts in the comments, or if you have more specific concerns and questions, please reach out through direct message, or via email at <email> Thank you for reading! Web: <url>— but please know that we are working as hard as we possibly can, and are committed to the completion and release of Delver’s Drop. 2016 was a difficult year for several of us, personally and professionally, but we have been making improvements both in the company and in our own working habits to increase efficiency and make much better progress in 2017. Those of you who are still waiting with anticipation surely hope that Delver’s Drop will be amazing, as do we — to you, we continue to promise an excellent game, and a quality product. For those of you who want something to play as soon as possible, we have heard your requests, and are making every effort to prioritize the items needed to release a new demo. We can only ask for your patience as we work toward these new builds, and hope that you have enjoyed the past builds that have been available via Humble. If you have not played the old build(s) or have not received your key, please contact us via private message or at <email>! On Updates &amp; Communication: Our number one backer request, and the one that we have fallen short of the most frequently is regular Kickstarter updates. Our goal has always been to fill updates with progress and good news, but your comments have encouraged us to realize that even the struggles we face may be worthy of an update. We understand that to many of you, being a part of our story may be almost as important as receiving a finished product. Your generous contributions deserve a more thorough and frequent explanation of what the project's Kickstarter funding has made possible. And while we have kept to our schedule of doing regular art livestreams twice per month, we realize that many of you would prefer written updates. Consequently, we will be putting our livestreams on the backburner, and may only do one every couple of months for the purposes of a video that we link from within a Kickstarter update. The time we will save by doing fewer livestreams will be put directly into writing and publishing updates. So in the new year, we will get back on a schedule of updates at least once per month, if not more frequently. They may only be a couple of paragraphs at a time, but they will detail our progress... and our struggles. So in that spirit, on to our year-end summary: 2016 Progress Update While 2016 was filled with progress, it was a rough uphill climb through engine issues and rework — specifically improving performance while reworking the physics system (which influences everything from character movement, to pushing objects, to explosions). We know that we have mentioned this before, but our engine has been the one most painful aspect of the project, and this grueling patch of rework was holding up gameplay feature development. But finally, within the last month, we have crested the mountaintop of engine work, which is now 99% complete. The result is drastically improved performance and the elimination of large numbers of current (and future) bugs. At this point, the engine will only require an occasional minor fix to accommodate gameplay features or to ensure operating system compatibility. This comes as a huge relief to us, and hopefully to you as well. We are now working our way back into gameplay feature development, which is the most necessary element for producing new and interesting playable builds. So we’re entering the new year with much more momentum, and expect this to continue forward in the coming months. We also hope to add another part-time programmer to the team shortly! But we are also excited to tell you about the many technical improvements that this engine work has allowed. Specifically, the game will now run with double the efficiency (and more stable framerates), meaning we can have many more enemies, spells, and explosions on-screen at once. It will also be more reliable on lower-spec devices, which means that many more of you will be able to fully enjoy the game on your device of choice (hopefully without a hint slowdown). Development Progress: Updated physics system: now quad-tree-based, with discrete resolutions and many gameplay ideas integrated into the system. Instead of trying to shoehorn cool gameplay mechanics into only moderately workable physics, we know have a deeper level of integration which resolves a lot of bugs and gives us more design flexibility. These spatial partitioning changes (via quad tree) have also dramatically improved performance for us, lowering the baseline machine requirements and in general allowing us to have a lot more dynamic objects resolved. On some devices we tested, this resulted in an order of magnitude improvement in performance. Fully integrated unicode support for language localizations down the road. Improved build process (now integrated into a single process) for Windows, Mac, etc, meaning that we will be able to much more quickly and easily create builds on multiple platforms at once. Lots of specific fixes and updates for Windows 10 compatibility. Update to support OSX 10.12 Sierra - almost complete. Other updates and improvements needed for the future system ports. Content &amp; Art Progress: While we have shown off many art and design updates through our livestreams (many of which are available on our YouTube channel), we will begin showing off more of this work in Kickstarter updates, so that those who have not watched us live will still see our work on a regular basis: Additional zone tiles and object artwork, to both improve current zones and work toward completions of later levels. Weapon art &amp; designs for many more weapon categories, which were planned but not previously available - more staffs and wands, instruments, shields, etc. New enemy art for many enemies that were also planned, but had not yet been created - including additional ghosts, insects, gobels, cultists, and more. Implemented newly developed features from our animation software ( Esoteric Spine ) into our art pipeline for more fluid animations - specifically mesh and path distortion. This allows for effects like fire and lightning to be animated based on a mesh for more fluid movement, and will also allow us to more easily make animations for curving objects like whips or enemy tails. This also drastically speeds up animation, since we were previously drawing every frame of animation for some effects - which looks cool but has been very time-consuming. We will still be doing some traditional animation when the effect is warranted, but these new Spine features will reduce the workload by at least 50%. Improved character animation rig, which will allow us to more quickly finish the remaining characters and add more humanoid enemies efficiently, as well as create even more fluid animations for additional weapons and abilities. Enhancements to the story, adding more layers of world-building and character development, and deeper narrative significance to the mechanics already present within the game. Improvements in UI layout and design (waiting to be implemented). This also included some work toward improved user experience planning, and future-proofing for touch-screen-based gameplay. 2017 Roadmap Now that the new year is upon us, let’s get down to business. Immediate Development Goals: Our main objective for the new year is to release an updated Windows and Mac builds, including: All of the tech changes mentioned above, for optimized performance Integration of the not-yet-released (but complete) fully-procedural room and level generation, with infinite random various for rooms Better gameplay feel and physics interactions (pushing, bumping into objects, knocking back enemies, etc.) Updated controls with improved dodging and other mechanics Improved character art with additional animations New enemy and weapon types. Enhanced level aesthetics, with updated tile art, environments/walls, and more room objects for greater level variety. This includes such features as floating rooms surrounded by pits, (or with larger inner pits), and rooms with more doors, windows, columns, etc. Subsequent Development Goals: Endless Drop Mode updated with new room generation mechanics for greater variety. Features added to complete this as a full gameplay mode, with some simple additional mechanics such as progress tracking (rather than a basic series of endless rooms). Finish implementation of the status effects system, which has been programmed to 75% completion, but has not been fully integrated for scripting. This will allow for more power-ups, potions, buffs, and debuffs to add gameplay variety and Roguelike experiences. Improved gameplay abilities and options for greater strategy in battles, so that the game is less Gauntlet-ish hack-and-slash, and more Zelda II or Dark Souls-esque in combat. These include multi-strike “combos” (swinging weapons in different directions from one slash to another), shield deflection, more precise 360° projectile aiming, and much more. There are a number of additional items we would like to accomplish in 2017, and hopefully the above is just the tip of the iceberg. But for now, these are our most specific goals. We will keep you all more up-to-date as items are completed or refined, and as additional goals are added to the list. Kickstarter Rewards: Many have asked about the status of Kickstarter rewards. We were hoping to mail the next round of packages last year, but the biggest hold-up has been the completion of the game manual. With many of the features still in progress and undergoing revision, we did not want to release an inaccurate manual. However, since the manual is more for fun (as a keepsake) than for instructional purposes, we will be attempting to fast-track its design and production so that we can complete your packages and mail them. We will likely send out a new survey to make sure that we have up-to-date addresses for everyone. This will be announced in a future Kickstarter update. We will also keep you updated on the manual design, and once it is printed, we will send packages containing the following items (below). Note that the contents of your package depend upon the level of your pledge, but if you are due any or all of following items, they will be arriving together! $60+ backers will receive (in reward shipment #1): Set of 4 pins (1” button size) Small Art Print (11 x 8.5” horizontal) Black &amp; White Game Manual $80 and up backers will also receive (in the same package): T-Shirt with Delver’s Drop logo Sticker sheet (with 6 character face stickers) All other rewards will be delivered in one or more rounds of packages at a later time. Additional posters and art prints (not listed above) will be shipped closer to the completion of the game, in poster-tubes. All physical copies of the game, Rogue figurines, and art books will be delivered after the game has been completed. We may change this plan and attempt to step up delivery of some items, but this depends highly upon what can physically be easily packaged together, and the related shipping costs. Website &amp; Forum Updates: As some may have noticed, our websites (for the game and the company) have been out of date for some time, and we have let our online presence and social media fall to the wayside. We do still have a website update in the works, though progress has been slowed. But when we are able to update the site(s), we still hope to create an area where backers can log in to download current and past versions of the game, rather than being limited to the single build available on Humble. Closing Scribbles... Again, thank you so much for your continued patience, support, and understanding. The Delvers (and the Rogue especially) miss you as much as we are sure that you miss them. We hope you will drop your thoughts in the comments, or if you have more specific concerns and questions, please reach out through direct message or by emailing us at <email>. Thank you for reading! YouTube: <url>— the holiday season + tax season are always a hectic time of the year. We also just moved into a better and more cost-efficient office arrangement, and while it did keep us busy for a bit moving boxes and desks, it should help improve our productivity with a better working environment. We’ve been continuing to whittle away at the features that are blocking the more interesting progress on the game, and are definitely gaining ground. Our next update should have some more concrete news in this regard. We have one last big round of bug fixes to undergo before we can fully recombine the updated physics code into the level generation code, but the details on that make for a boring update this time around. So as promised in our previous update, we have gathered some technical questions from fans and backers, and have compiled in-depth answers below! And beyond that, we have some new level concept art for your viewing pleasure. Backer Technical Questions: Q from Sean H: I'll stick to the [question] that intrigues me the most, which is weapon / loot / droppable item spawning. Would love to hear how you guys are approaching that. A: Thanks, Sean, for sending in our first question! There are several layers to this answer, so we’ll go through it in steps (some of which are still in development): The player’s random “seed” will determine the level layouts and everything that spawns. We have a custom RNG (random number generator) that makes the randomness even more random. But this means that once we add a seed input feature, players will be able to share seeds to complete challenge runs, or find specific items that are guaranteed to generate via a particular seed value. When a level loads, the game generates all items that can spawn (from chests and so on) at that time. Theses spawnable items are determined by several factors: Each object or enemy that can spawn or drop items is tied to a “loot pool” in a new database we are developing. This loot pool has several groups of loot, from common loot that has a high probability of spawning, to rarer (and more valuable) loot that has a lower probability of spawning. Each group can contain one or more weapons or items, and pieces of ammo, food, money, etc. Weapons and inventory items have special properties since they are more highly randomized. Each level has metadata that determines the probability that a particular type of weapon (sword, axe, etc) or other items will spawn. This is also influenced by the player character’s class and (upcoming) perks. The level also has a baseline “tier” value for spawnables, meaning that on average you may get a Tier-1 items on Level 1, and Tier-2 items on Level 2. However, this is also randomized, so you might find an item ranging 2-3 tiers above or below the baseline tier for the level. And in rare instances (through rare loot pools), you will eventually be able to find “out of depth” items that are several tiers above the normal range. All items have a single entry in our databases that define its base stats. But for weapons and items that use the upcoming random prefix/suffix system, this data and the weapon’s tier also define a set of affix pools from which the weapon can pull. This may cause a Broadsword to become a Swift Shard-hewn Broadsword. Since affixes also have a tier of their own, weapons will typically pull from affixes within 2-3 tiers of their own tier, but they can (rarely) pull from much higher tiers as an unexpected bonus. Q from Doomspeaker: Can developers (or modders) add hand-designed components into the levels, even though they are now procedurally generated? And how would this work? A: The answer is yes! The details, though, are a bit more unclear at this time :) With the move towards having complete procedural generation, the previous method we used to integrate hand-designed bits into the procedural system — where whole rooms were randomly placed next to each other — is no longer viable. For those who may not have caught the preceding updates, we made the decision to shift toward more fully-procedural generation due to the difficulty, time, and expense involved in creating hand-designed randomizable components which ultimately did not feel as uniquely random as we had hoped. But the new procedural system creates much more interesting rooms, following the same rules we set for our design team. Now we just need to tie our previous hand-design feature back into this system, so that our designers can re-integrate more complex “set-piece” rooms, puzzles, and traps. The good news is that the engine still has the same fundamental capabilities (i.e. being able to make rooms in Tiled and importing that data into the game). We merely need a new “glue” layer or integration layer to make this work within the procedural system. We have several ideas on how best to do this, however, we’ve not attempted any of them just yet. The most direct way, albeit limited, would be to allow individual rooms to import components of explicit sizes that the procedural generation system could slot into conforming spaces. For example, a 5x5 block room could request a 2x3 block Tiled file and integrate it within its allotted space… or it could request a full 5x5 Tiled file and replace itself entirely. We simply need to introduce a kind of “metadata” that can look up a Tiled file puzzle-piece, and insert it into the procedural generation algorithm’s workflow. The devil is definitely in the details with regards to that. But the bottom line is that we still 100% plan on supporting hand-designed rooms, and hopefully also hand-designed levels. Environment Art Update: For those of you who watch our Twitch livestreams or check out our YouTube channel from time to time, you may have seen our Creative Director working on some zone environment concepts. The images below are rough, low detail sketches that are intended to visualize the colors and atmosphere of each zone. You may have also seen a couple of these in previous builds, but the rest are new to this update. Enjoy! Closing Scribbles Livestreams are now on Wednesday nights, from 6:30pm – 7:30pm CST. (It's been moved back half an hour). Streams are viewable on our Twitch channel at twitch.tv/pixelscopic , and we usually announce any schedule changes on Twitter. We also cross-post the videos to YouTube at youtube.com/pixelscopic so that you can view them later. We hope you’ll join us and collaborate with some ideas of your own! As always, thank you for reading! Twitch Livestreams: <url>’ve been continuing to fine-tune and enhance the random generation of rooms and levels. For better or worse, the work has grown increasingly technical, and we realize that the finer points of software pattern recognition and the rules of wall-spawning may not seem as interesting as things like enemies and weapons. But this is where we find ourselves — in a literal and figurative maze of code-related minutia. Instead of another month of algorithm explanation, what we’d like to do for December is open up a forum for technical questions. If you’d like to know about the inner workings of any of our systems, from dungeon generation to the effects system, attack timing to weapon spawning, please email us at <email> with the subject [DDrop Tech Question] . Or you can simply comment below! We will fill up a blog post with much more detailed responses than would fit within a Kickstarter update, and feature the link in next month’s update. In the meantime, we will let the following images speak for themselves. These are zoomed-out layouts were captured while generating rooms normally in the engine — no custom design, Photoshop tricks, or hacks. We are still (temporarily) using placeholder art, to make sure that everything is working properly and has no visual or placement bugs. The sky texture (while made from in-game art) was added in Photoshop, since the system is not currently designed to render sky areas this large. The following images reveal what we call "Island Rooms" — rooms with no outer walls, suspended over empty space. Many have interior pillar-like wall areas, which look as though they support the room from below, or hold up the floor above. Content Cornucopia What would the holidays be without a dungeon full of edible goodies? Following the tradition of its roguelike heritage, Delver’s Drop will have loads of food items so that you can fill up your character’s health, stamina (special meter), and benefit them in other ways. So while there is no “food clock” or starvation, it would be wise to keep your character stuffed with nutrients! Starting from the very first Alpha release, diligent Delvers could find bean soup bowls squirreled away in breakable boxes. The selection of foodstuffs has vastly improved since then to include breads, meats, cheeses, and other treats. The idea behind the large variety is that each individual consumable item will have effects that affect short-term play, helping you out in a single play session, but not carrying over to your more permanent character stats. However, not all food you find within the Drop will be fresh and nutritious; meat from monsters and living plants is not always advisable, and some food may be spoiled. And while they may still refill some health for those desperate for the HP boost, spoiled food may pose other hazards to your overly-epicurious hero. So in the spirit of the season, allow us to present you with a small sampling of foods and their proposed effects. Happy Holidays everyone! Baked Goods Breads are the safest and commonest staple to consume, since they will seldom be found spoiled. They offer health with few other side benefits (or detriments) – no additional nutrients, just empty, wonderful carbs! Harder breads may provide a regen effect over time instead of instant healing. But if the player is lucky enough to find a pizza-like treat that has not yet hit its expiration date, he or she might benefit from a plethora of nutritious benefits and buffs. Meats For those looking to not only heal themselves but also boost their attack and defense, protein-rich meat will do the trick. It is often found spoiled, and enemies may eat it before you have the chance, so a nice fresh steak is a rare find indeed (no pun intended.) And while many creatures in the Drop will leave their meat behind upon death, the player must be cautious. Depending on the monster, this meat might heal a little HP, but also initiate a slow-acting poison. Other meats might grant strange benefits, even bestowing some of the enhancements of the enemy from which they spawned! Vegetables Most common vegetables will improve your dexterity, speed, and mobility. From carrots that improve your range of vision and aim to celery that helps to… well we don’t actually know what celery does for anyone. Some more interesting vegetables include Popeye-esque spinach that powers up your attacks for a short time, as well as onions and garlic that repel monsters with their pungent odors. Fruits The Apple is an iconic fruit used in video games — ranging from Gauntlet to Suikoden — and would probably just grant a nice chunk of health. But we had some fun with the other fruit ideas, including bananas that cause you to temporarily lose traction and slip about, and some bitter fruits like lemons and persimmons that might steal a tiny bit of HP in exchange for a huge benefit. We figure that the intrepid Delvers can make lemonade even without sugar, but on the sweeter side we are working on peaches that grant regen in exchange for sticky feet, and cherries that provide additional explosive power to your bombs. Drinks &amp; Potions Like most other RPGs, Delver’s Drop will feature various potion and elixir bottles that can be carried in your inventory and consumed at will. This differs from other food and drink items, which must be consumed immediately. Any open drink, such as a goblet or mug, must be consumed on-the-go in the dungeon like other food items, and cannot be taken with you. Aside from a classic healing potion, the drinks themselves usually offer little health benefit in terms of hit-points. But what they do not provide in raw HP, they will more than make up for in terms of over-the-top buffs and status effects. If you ever happen to drink a little too much Howl Nectar, you will definitely have a wild and exciting night, but you may regret it in the morning... All this Food.. in a Dungeon? Those of you who prefer realism and intentionality in their games and fiction worlds may be asking, “okay so I get that monsters drop meat… but who is making all of this fresh bread and hot cocoa?” And while we like that our random foods are some of the more whimsical items in the game, it is our thinking that they are indeed possible in the world. For one, there are royal guard outposts on many levels of the dungeon, and these would require occasional food provisions. And while most other denizens of the Drop are less than sane and healthy, the castle spire that surrounds the Drop dungeon was once a thriving metropolis. It is not too far-fetched to imagine that a decent trade might be made by an entrepreneurial survivalist chef, in exchange for weapons and gold. And even among the insane, who would want to harm a shopkeeper who bakes delicious frosted goodies, or concocts intoxicating elixirs? Have some ideas for food items? Check us out on our next art livestream (see times below), where we often dream up crazy ideas with viewers like you and sketch them on the spot! Closing Scribbles LIVESTREAM SCHEDULE CHANGE: Until further notice, we have decided to move livestreams to Wednesday nights, from 6:00pm – 7:30pm CST. These are viewable on our Twitch channel at twitch.tv/pixelscopic . We hope this time works for you, but if you happen to miss a stream, you can watch them later in our feed. We also post them to YouTube within a week or two at youtube.com/pixelscopic . We hope you’ll join us and collaborate with some ideas of your own! As always, thank you for reading! Twitch Livestreams: <url>’s costume. If you have ever considered it, tell us who you would cosplay as in the comments! Development Dive Before you continue reading, please be aware that all images still feature placeholder art for testing purposes. Over the past month we’ve been working on the walls in an attempt to completely finish the visual side of the level generation system. The additional benefits are that we have been making the environments more interesting as we go, and have also eliminated visual bugs that have plagued our walls / doors for some time. The most interesting new items include a set of “wall objects”, such as vents, windows, and paintings. These can be randomly injected into walls in each level. Beyond their decorative appeal, the coolest thing about these new objects is that they can be interactive on a case-by-case basis. A vent might be a spawner for bats and rats, a fireplace might emit fiery elementalings or jets of flame, a painting might reveal a hidden switch, and a window might allow healing pollen to occasionally drift into a room. Another thing we’ve amped up are the floating “ceiling” objects that you may have seen in previous builds. These will appear as out-of-focus silhouetted sprites that can be drawn above wall layers, and give the room a real sense of depth and ambience. The ultimate goal is to have a handful of static and animated sprites both inside and outside a room, giving us some groovy aesthetic options. For instance, in the image above (which is also placeholder art for now), we quite easily created a spooky tree-covered area. The same system could fill a room with haphazard pipes, or giant spider webs. This has opened up huge possibilities for making our environments feel like real places, rather than shallow shoebox-y rooms. With these items almost complete, we hope to put the last nail in the coffin of environment visuals. In the meantime, we are also working on controls and equippable items, as well as prepping for the reintroduction of our (now vastly improved) Endless Drop survival mode. ------------------------------------------------ Art Harvest For this spook-themed update, we’ve gathered up some of our most ghastly enemies. Enjoy! The following images are also in-progress sketches, with shading and highlights to come later! Some designs may also be subject to change. Cultist Settlement Occupants Shrouded in mists emitted by the Spoilmire Swamps far below, the Cultist Settlement is awash with the confusing influence of Muddle. It is full of demented beings — some of whom follow the cult’s beliefs, and others who simply thrive in the area’s pollution. And deep within the mazes of long-forsaken mining shafts and shanty dwellings, former denizens and servants of the castle are slowly losing their humanity. The Cult claims that they seek a way down to a lake of Murk far below ground, believing it to be the only way to cleanse themselves of suffering. Spoil Monstrosities These creatures are not natural beasts, but rather the chimerical spawn of the Spoilmire’s putrid influence. Taking a variety of twisted shapes, their forms are random amalgamations created from the mutated remains of biological organisms that succumbed to the swamp’s corruption. They are the most feared of all monsters; their gelatinous flesh is poisonous to the touch, they are often covered with venom-injecting spines, and they can emit noxious goo and gases with lethal effect. And with no instincts other than hunger, they consume and kill without reason or compassion. Echo Ghosts These are spirits caught between the universal planes, revisiting places they clung to in life, seeking those that they remember, or pursuing lost dreams. Truly an echo of their former selves, they often forget their identity in the pursuit of their dying wishes, or the wishes of those they served. They attack with the spiritual element of Echo, which takes the form of banshee-call sound waves, ghastly strands of cloth, and sickly virescent flames. These ghosts materialize via Echoplasm, a not-quite physical goo that is nearly unaffected by physical damage. To kill them, the Delvers will have to experiment with elements such as Fury, Hush, Grim, and Howl. ------------------------------------------------ Lore Excavation (Re)Introducing The Sorcerer! Guild: The Shade Whispers Best Weapon: Spirit Bottles, which shoot Echo projectiles Specialties: They sap Echo-based spirit energy from living beings to create more powerful magical concoctions. They can also use their arts to influence Echo beings and create Echo-based illusions. Occupation: Purveyors of (often illegal) potions, tinctures, and spirits. They typically run elixir shops that serve as the legal front for their less-legitimate services. Goals: Sorcerers are manipulative climbers of the social ladder, and trade in political favors and influence among the nobility. Many hoped to one day rise out of their middle-class merchant life to become nobles themselves, but their Delver status is at odds with this temptation. Description: Lovers of flattery and practitioners of the same, Sorcerers are often self-absorbed and greedy. They have a penchant for gambling, decadent living, and conspicuous spending in attempts to increase their social standing. They rely on magical substances to forget their past deeds and to ease the burden of their magical capabilities — or to enhance their power when needed. And while they are often swayed by many temptations, Sorcerers can be relied on for their encyclopedic knowledge (and reverent respect) of the spiritual realm — its powers, its properties, and its grave dangers. ------------------------------------------------ Closing Scribbles As always, thank you for reading! Please be sure to follow us on each and every one of our numerous social media platforms, and remember that we stream every week on Twitch! Our show currently occurs on Saturdays at 1pm CST, but we are considering moving to a new schedule soon. Just follow us on Twitter, since we always announce stream times there before we go live. Twitch Livestreams: <url>’re enjoying the beginning of autumn as much as we are —if you're in the northern hemisphere, that is. We know that you are all looking forward to a new build, and while it is not quite imminent, we are making amazing progress. If we haven’t already mentioned it, the upcoming build(s) will focus on “Endless Drop” mode. We decided to put our focus here since it will be the best test of the new randomly generated room system, and will offer tons of jump-in/jump-out replayability. Once new systems and features are tested in Endless Drop mode and are satisfactory, we will start to tie them together with progression features in Campaign mode. But the immediate goal is to make Endless Drop our new fast-iteration testbed for every newly added feature, so that you our early access players can provide feedback as we continue to build &amp; iterate. We are also still planning to launch the next build not only via Humble, but also on our upcoming backer-login page (on the Delver’s Drop site). This will allow you to download older builds, as well as more experimental intermediate builds as we go. It will also give you more regular updates on our progress, and will hopefully encourage opportunities for feedback via our forums. Development Dive The month of September was mostly spent building out the “Effects” system — not visual effects, but rather special status effects and alterations to player/enemy status. These include everything from damage over time (setting things on fire, or imbuing poison), to regeneration, speed boosts provided by equipment, and any other modification to data or AI that one could dream up. There are obviously some limitations any such system, but we hope you will be impressed with the depth and breadth we’ve been able to achieve. The number of Effects we can create is almost unlimited, since any one “status effect” can be a sum of up to 10 stat modifications (or “sub-effects”). Obviously we don't want Effects to be too crazy and unpredictable, so we would seldom apply 10 sub-effects. The idea is to delicately use stat modifications in combination — such as reducing both acceleration and top speed, while increasing traction and friction (decreasing momentum sliding) to create a "sticky feet" effect. Effects can be timed — set to take effect after a delay, or set on an increment and triggering every few seconds. But effects can also be instantaneous, or have only a chance of triggering. So you could have a dagger that does very low damage on its own, but has a chance to make its target explode for lots of damage. Effects can also cancel, counteract, or stack upon each other, meaning that layered effects can also cause unpredictable yet interesting results. But any given stat can only be modified by so many effects at any given time. Since each effect in our system can also be marked as good or bad (buff or debuff), we can also choose whether a “cleansing” (effect-canceling) spell would remove only bad sub-effects, only good sub-effects, or both. Lastly, effects can also change the material your body or shield is made of, or give you a barrier of a certain material. This means that you could coat an enemy in flammable oil, then set them on fire for bonus damage. But if their body is fundamentally made from stone (or armored by stone), they may still not take substantial damage, since the oil is treated as a separate “overlaying” material. Here's a further list of hypothetical effects this system allows: A 'stop' spell which nullifies all physics sub-effects (like speed boosts) and then sets max speed to 0. Snake’s venom could temporarily poison (damage over time) and slow the player, as well as cause paralysis, preventing attack abilities. A delayed healing potion would wait 10 seconds and then give you health. A spell could create an absorptive fire barrier around you, greatly reducing all incoming fire damage. An character's special ability could drain all of your SP, but would increase the player’s speed speed, add extra knockback to all attacks, and instantly stun enemies when struck. A “doom” spell might do nothing for 30 seconds, and then do incredible damage. Next up on the development agenda — we are moving back to room generation. Currently we are randomly spawning destructible crates and treasure chests, and will then proceed to enemy generation, interactives (switches, etc), and anything else needed for Endless Drop generation! Lore Excavation The Elements (fire, ice, etc) are tied quite closely to the historic lore we’ve created for the unique world and universe of Delver's Drop. And while the gameplay system is functionally similar to systems found in other games (D&amp;D, Pokémon, Final Fantasy, etc), we are aiming for a nuanced approach. As is the case in those games, attacks from elemental spells and weapons cause greater damage to some foes, in a rock-paper-scissors fashion. But we are also designing our system to cause bonus effects that offer tactical advantages and disadvantages in combat. So rather than applying simple damage multipliers, various elements will give the player additional benefits and gameplay options. And as in the Zelda games some elements may be used to solve puzzles within dungeons — but while we may have a mostly ice-based and a mostly fire-based zone, we are not creating a series of elemental dungeons that require constant damage type juggling. The goal is to encourage players to try various elements and rise to new challenges with ingenuity, rather than railroad them through a single set of solutions that hamper their play style. Now for the lore behind them... The Element names, their symbols, and their oppositions may still be subject to change (very slightly)... so tell us what you think! The Temperaments In the Delvers’ lore, the elements are known as the “Temperaments” of the universe, and are forces of cosmic energy and existence. They define the behavior of matter, energy, and spirit in the game’s mythology — not unlike our own universe’s subatomic forces and particles. And while the elements do tend toward the basic RPG standards of Fire, Ice, and Lightning, our goal has been to give them broader, more evocative definitions. Since these Temperaments influence the behavior of all of reality from physical matter to emotion, their mythological principles cover a much wider domain than simple heat or cold. Some of the elements are more closely aligned with one type of existence (matter, energy, spirit), but they are able to manifest in any plane. For example, the earth and stone-like temperament Mantle is primarily exhibited through matter, but can also be exhibited in the Spirit plane. Since the nature of matter is defined by the Temperaments, they can be thought of like the nature of molecule-level particles — like the Greek Elements were thought to behave. In Delver’s Drop, the most basic, inert matter is called Sod (which you could think of as base Protons/Neutrons). But almost all Sod conforms to one or more Temperaments, and in this case, it creates stone and soil based on varying degrees of Mantle and other Temperaments affecting the matter in question. The Temperaments exist on a chart that indicates their opposites and compliments. Any element directly horizontal across the chart is opposed — so you will see Hush (Ice) and Fury (Fire) directly opposite. This means that one can easily cause great damage to the other — fire damage greatly harming ice monsters, and ice damage inflicting extra damage on fire monsters, and so on. The Temperaments on the left side of the chart are generally life-giving and constructive in nature, relate mostly to physical matter, and exist to order and refine reality. The Temperaments on the right side frequently exist as unpredictable energy, and tend to be more destructive. The items in the center of the chart are transitional states and interactions, as well as more supernatural or magical elements. They oppose each other vertically, with Arcane versus Grim, and Echo versus Howl. Flux and Muddle oppose each other horizontally. Each element has a powerful patron deity or source, called a “Temperamental” — a personification of unpredictable cosmic will that shapes the universe through fluctuating power. From weather to the crashing waves, wildfires and lightning strikes, these shifts in energy are the result of the Temperamentals waging war and play with one another. Their battles and alliances are temporary and ever-changing; they are entities of irrationality, who seldom communicate with mortals and serve their own unknowable and immutable ends. They have little or no ultimate goals or purposes — they are simply celestial wills that act according to the nature of their Temperament. Now that we’ve explained the existence and relationships of the Temperaments, we will give a description of each individually: SPLENDOR — The ultimate form of existence in the temporal realms, Splendor causes all things that it positively influences to become more true to their nature — a more refined or pure expression of their purpose. You could think of this element like Light or Holy in other games, and it is indeed the element associated with the Sun, as well as the gods and Celestial Beasts that are the allies of mankind. Splendor radiates with an irresistible golden light, which can be focused into a destructive beam with the power of laser and the heat of a star. This element also gives metals like gold and silver their glow, and their timeless quality of resistance to age and tarnishing. Splendor is also the only Temperament that can truly oppose and damage the Murk, its shadowy opposite. MURK — A black fluid-like substance that consumes and assimilates all that it touches, Murk is the bane of the physical and spiritual universe — a tangible form of the principle of subjugation. The Murk Ocean is slowly attempting to eat away at all of reality. It is anti-matter and causes all forms of destructive acid. Anything it absorbs is converted into Murk, causing the substance to expand through consumption and assimilation. It can eat through anything in time, though the densest and most impervious substances such as pure Shard (a super-hard mineral) may withstand it for eons. But the Murk also corrupts the energy and spirit realms, turning them toward its alignment. And unlike the other elements, Murk sometimes seems to behave as if it has a greater will or purpose... THRIVE — The element of plant life and living growth, Thrive is the expression of boundless energy and strengthening sustenance. It is positively influenced by Splendor, and drinks up the sun’s light to energize itself. Thrive magic is the basis for most healing in the world, from plant-based poultices to healing spells. Thrive and can also continually rejuvenate living creatures with its energy — and for this reason, Thrive creatures are notoriously hard to defeat. With its properties of health and rejuvination, Thrive also opposes Spoil, the element of poison and rot. SURGE — The Temperament of rushing water, Surge has an almost irresistible strength of motion. Most force magic is based on Surge and its powerful currents and crashing waves. While it is not used to heal wounds as often as Thrive, it can protect and replenish living beings, energizing them and making their flesh stronger for a time. Its supernatural aspect boosts morale and can revive a spirit from near-death. With its matter-strengthening properties, it opposes the destructive cutting energy of the lightning element Sunder, but is also susceptible to its shock. MANTLE — The nearly unshakable element Mantle causes stone and bone to be hard, heavy, and brittle. Mantle magic forms shields and buffers against damage, and hardens weapons to improve their heft and durability. Master smiths are consequently masters of the manipulation of Mantle. And while Mantle and Surge often war with each other as water erodes stone, they create an uneasy cycle that forms and refines matter. Mantle’s ability to bury and seal off through mountains of matter opposes the destruction of Blast, the element of explosions. It can also give the mind and spirit fortitude, bolstering morale and maintaining sanity. HUSH — Named for the silence of a snowfall, Hush is the Temperament of the cold, ice, and the tranquility and stillness of meditation. As the opposing force to the Fury of fire, it also calms emotions and can quiet even the spirits of the dead by nullifying opposing magics. But just as meditation is an essential element of martial arts, Hush contributes to the biting edge of ice and winter, and its patient cold can often absorb the onslaught of its foes. Consequently, it can be used to freeze or slow enemies, as well as attack directly with icy blades. FURY — Heat, Fire, and uncontrolled passion and anger are the attributes of Fury. Though it is the most commonly destructive element existing in the natural world, it also has many uses in society if properly maintained and nourished. But given the chance, this temperament will break free of control, and cause rampaging wildfires, or fervid riot. Some practitioners can use Fury to induce a berserk rage in enemies and allies, making them stronger and more immune to pain, while simultaneously depleting their life and removing their logical inhibitions. BLAST — It is unstoppable force that opposes the “immovable object” of Mantle. The element of Blast causes explosions, earthquakes, volcanoes, and all forms of rupturing destruction. Used by alchemists in the formulation of gunpowder, Blast propels bullets and fuels grenades. The force of its blasts causes direct damage and knocks back targets, but it also damages and disorients through its incredibly loud sound waves. Consequently, it has a symbiotic relationship with Lightning by causing the chain-reaction effect of thunder. SUNDER — The element of unbridled destructive manipulation, Sunder’s lightning bolts cut through reality to control and lock down that which it cannot slice through. It lashes out as electricity, and can completely stun and innervate those that it touches. Its energy easily spans across the physical and spiritual realms, and its manipulative energies can be used to temporarily jump between planes by cutting through the fabric of reality. Its energy is often unleashed by the Murk; thunderstorms are the dangerous result of Murk becoming entangled in clouds of air and water. This mixture creates random Sunder lightning as a violent byproduct, as the elements come into conflict and then disperse as rain. SPOIL — The cause of all forms of corrosion, rot, mutation, and poison, Spoil is both entropy and the twisting of reality toward the Murk’s destruction. Spoil opposes Thrive by bending living matter and perverting it, creating horrible monsters and sickening diseases, and all forms of (physical) undead creatures. Ultimately, it twists living things into zombified and mummified fungi creatures that hunger for flesh and instinctively seek dissolution in the Murk. The Spoilmire swamps spread across the land like a cancer, and are the source of the Gobels and other malevolent chimera that plague humanity. Spoil energies also twist the supernatural realm, and often hinder spirits on their journey. ECHO — Purely spiritual beings reside in their own realms, but spiritual energies flow through and between all realms, physical and otherwise. A being’s spirit is the energy of its will and purpose, its innermost identity. If this identity is distorted or this will unfulfilled, therefore making a spirit unable to complete its journey from one realm to the next, then the spirit may be trapped between realms as a spiritual Echo. Theses ghosts tend to linger where they once existed, unable to find rest. In this way, malleable spiritual energy exhibits the temperament of Echo, and any inert matter manipulated to allow these ghosts to physically manifest is called Echoplasm. Free Echo spirit energy can also be harnessed by Sorcerers to create illusions and offensive magics, and can find use in healing potions by restoring the diminished spirit and psychological maladies in others. MUDDLE — The least energetic of the elements is Muddle, a transitionary temperament caused by the paradoxical mixture of opposing principles: heat and cold, life and unlife, energy and stasis. Muddle manifests as grayish clouds of smoke, dust, and mud, and as the byproduct of the interactions of elements that results in the loss of their own temperaments. These interactions result in a confused, nearly inert mess of swirling smoky matter. Muddle smogs are therefore often present on the fringes of the Spoilmire swamps, where fungi release them as they consume and convert plant and animal life. It may come as no surprise that Muddle attacks and magics cause status effects like confusion, blindness, and dizziness. FLUX — The element of wind, weather, and adaptable energy, Flux can clear the hazes of Muddle, but is itself somewhat transitionary. However, it is manifest in the transfer and transformation of matter and energy, rather than the stagnation and contradiction that causes Muddle. Flux governs the interactions of the elements and energies in the physical world, both pushing them toward change, and itself being a result of their sweeping interactions — it is the wind that results from explosions, the air that allows a fire to breathe and grow, and the same air that conducts the Hush cold into water, forming it into ice. Flux magics can be used for increased speed, reflexes, and evasion, and can aid in quickening attacks and making them more accurate, or diverting and deflecting enemy attacks. ARCANE — The element that should never have existed, Arcane is a manipulation of the natural order of the universe. One can think of it as all forms of experimentation, from unnatural alchemical reactions, to the bending and manipulation of energies, to the magi-mechanical energy that powers golems and machinery. Imagine an Arcanist’s lab as that of a mad scientist: full of bubbling green fluids, convection tubes, and tesla coils. Arcane can increase the power (and unpredictability) of other elements, and is the source of flammable and highly conductive fluids like oil. In its most powerful forms, Arcane energies can bend the fabric of reality, influencing time and space. Though incredibly difficult to control, it is thought that Arcane energy can even reverse time, revive the dead, or keep someone alive forever — but there is always a cost when reality is bent to the breaking point. GRIM — The cold, logical, and mathematical limitations of the universe are represented by Grim — created by the first deities to impose order and restraint against chaos. It is the finality of the grave, the weight of gravity, and the indestructible quality of adamantine Shard. Grim does not manipulate energy or matter, so much as completely stop other energies and temperaments. It opposes Arcane by attempting to halt its manipulation, bringing reality back into order and stopping time until it can resume its natural flow. Its properties can also withstand the Murk, but unlike Splendor is not very useful for offensive magic against Murk or other elements. Its magic manifests as spectral chains and stakes, and can even trap and slow spiritual energies much as Cold Iron is anathema to the Fay of European legend. HOWL — The feral temperament of beasts and wild things, ancient beings and primal spirits, Howl is the element of survival and the natural order of will of the pack. Exhibited in both the savage roar and the mating call, this element exhibits animalistic and social powers and intimidation, as well as physical attraction and the protective instincts of the family. It is irrational, and governs by instinct and emotion rather than logic. It is a kind of spiritual energy opposed to Echo, since it represents the confident power of life and opposes Echo’s dithering energies of surreal unlife. Closing Scribbles That's it for this month. As always, thank you for reading! Please be sure to follow us on each and every one of our numerous social media platforms, and remember that we stream each Saturday at 1pm CST! Twitch Livestreams: <url>’s a few days behind schedule!). We’re quite excited to tell you all about our new dungeon generation improvements! Development Dive When looking at screenshots below, please be aware that all of the art is for testing purposes only, and there may be layering issues and other visual bugs! These will be fixed soon — our programmers are simply focusing on the big-picture of level generation at the moment. As you will know from our previous updates, our programmers have been working hard on a fully procedural level generation system. At the end of last month, we had the ability to create a “critical path” (the player’s pathway through a room), and build a room shaped to it. But there was nothing to stop players from taking shortcuts right to the end of the room, and to prevent this we needed to create in-room barriers. Over the month of August, we’ve begun lining the critical path with obstacles so that the player must complete all of the room’s challenges (sometimes in order) before moving on. These walls, pipes, and chains/rails also add variety to the room, and will generate a large portion of a dungeon’s theme and aesthetics. The first step in this process was adding what we’ve called “sub-walls” (smaller block-walls that appear to be the height of the character) between sections of the critical path. Our goal was to make the pathway look architectural and well-defined, but easily traversable. The next step was to add variety to these sub-walls, by replacing certain amounts of them with pipes or chains. The amount of sub-walls that are replaced, and what they get replaced with, is fully configurable by our scripters on a room-by-room basis. To add some variety to the outer boundaries of the room, we next added configurable properties to replace sections of the 3D “outer walls” with pits, making the room feel like a set of platforms suspended over empty space. The last process we’ve been working on is the ability for the room to occasionally line the pits with chains. The quantity and coverage of these safety chains will also be configurable — so easier rooms in early zones may contain more chained-off pit edges to help prevent the player from falling. Later rooms will contain increasingly exposed pit edges, making them even more deadly. We have several goals for the upcoming month or two, including the placement of destructible objects. However, we may also take a break from level generation to put some work into status effects, damage-over-time, and other special effects resulting from character perks / equipment. More on that at the end of September! Closing Scribbles We are also working on a big lore update featuring the Elements (fire, ice, etc) of the Delver's Drop world. It's almost finished, so we may turn it into a mid-month update, to tide you over until we have more development news at the end of the month. Here is a quick teaser of what's to come: LIVESTREAMS: You may be interested to know that we are changing our livestream time to Saturdays at 1:00 PM CST. Daylight savings is about to end for us later this month, so we’re sorry in advance if this makes our stream time funky for those in other time zones! We would like to start interacting more directly with all of you via the comments on the streams — so if you have thoughts or suggestions, please chat with us on Saturdays! We are also posting each episode to Youtube later, for those who can’t view the live show. SOCIAL MEDIA LINKS: Twitch Livestreams: <url>— The Pixelscopic Team Hello, Delvers! Get ready for a massive and exciting End-of-July Update. Over the last month, we have made an epic hoard of programming progress, which is demolishing our previous level design roadblocks and bottlenecks. The game is now able to generate full rooms on the fly, completely via programming algorithms. Read on! What are the benefits of full procedural generation? As mentioned in previous updates, we’ve been moving toward this higher degree of procedural generation as opposed to by-hand design. The old level generation system, while it did have some fun rooms/levels, wasn’t scalable. Designers had to put together every single room by hand, and hope that the game could effectively combine random elements, which were quite difficult to plan. This limited the random possibilities, limited the size of the rooms, and generally was not sustainable to build out the full game simply due to the hours necessary to create the desired amount of variety. We will still have certain aspects designed by hand (story areas, puzzles, special rooms, bosses), but the results of the full procedural generation are much faster, more flexible, and just as unique. Our algorithm also follows similar rules (probably even better rules!) compared to our previous best-practices for by-hand room design and creation. In other words, our design sensibilities are being implemented directly into the procedural generation code, in detail. Good game design is still the driving force, rather than relying on the crutch of a basic RNG (random number generator). It’s all still in process, but the exciting news is that as of now, we are confident that our procedural rooms will be at least as interesting and aesthetically pleasing as our previous hand-designs… if not more. And now the possibilities of room size/shape/gameplay variation are countless. So how does it work? In order to achieve these goals, the algorithm goes through several phases of generation, as listed below. The first three of these steps are programmatically complete (short of some bug fixes), with steps four and above still early in development or in the planning stages. Steps do not necessarily represent the final generation order via the algorithm: • Build the Basic Floor Space / Wall Structure — define the floor layout of the room itself, where the player can walk. • “Enhance” the Walls — make the walls feel more organic (less strictly grid-based), and make hallways feel more winding rather than straight and boring. • Auto-tile the floors with a random assortment of basic tiles (later to be improved with overlaid decorative tiles). • Make a “Critical Path” — a.k.a. the “planned” or intended primary pathway of the player through the room. • Create Fixed Barriers to block off portions of the room, which enforces portions of the critical path and adds exploration interest. These fixed barriers will include sub-walls, chains, pits, etc. • Generate Soft Barriers and Obstacles, including switch-operated gates, bomb-able barricades, and traps, in order to add challenge. • Add interest areas by placing breakable reward objects (such as crates, pots, treasure chests) and aesthetic or narrative objects (tables, chairs, statues) to complete the dungeon experience. • And obviously, add enemies! Notes about screenshots below: All images use placeholder art to some degree, so floors may appear flat and un-textured. Please also know that the images below are completely generated by the game — we’ve edited the contrast and colors a little bit so it’s easier to see the important details, but the room sizes, shapes, etc. and the screenshots themselves are all directly from the game’s normal render mode. Many are simply zoomed out via our debug controls, but they are still in-game shots. Creating Room Spaces The first step in making this new system was to create a room entirely via code. This first picture shows room generation at its most basic: the game simply creates a grid, marks sections of that grid as “free” (in other words, “traversable” areas where the player can walk), and places walls around those areas to enclose them. The bronze-gold “pillar” placement and wall-tiling are also automatic: Even this early on, the system was capable of making rooms several times larger and vastly more complex than any of our previous room shapes, which were tediously created/scripted by hand, and were often limited to simple geometric shapes like Tetris-pieces. Now we can procedurally generate a room thousands of tiles in size, in a fraction of a second: The above image is an actual in-game render, just zoomed out to about 3%. If you look very closely on the left side of the image, you can see the tiny pink speck. This is your character, the Rogue, which was rendered at a size of a 4 pixel square due to the zoom level. What you’re seeing is not even a “level” made of multiple rooms — it is a single room. This means our possibilities have increased by several orders of magnitude. But with great procedural power comes great developer responsibility — we will be restricting such generation to ensure that the game is interesting and goal-driven, rather than completely rambling, exploratory, and uninteresting. In other words, we are still generally aiming for a tightly-designed Link to the Past feel, rather than a Skyrim-esque sprawl. Layout "Enhancement" The next step was to make the room layouts more unique, and less strictly grid-based. So the original basic grid upon which the room is generated is “enhanced,” by choosing spaces where the walls are pushed inward or outward to create more variety. This can create rooms that feel architecturally geometric (grid-based), organic (more random / cave-like), claustrophobic, or exposed. The rate at which walls are altered is easily modifiable via our CSV data (modders ahoy!), meaning each zone can have a slightly different feel to its “architecture”. An example room, where the walls were pulled in or pushed out as often as possible (maximum “organic” feel), is shown below: Floor Tiling The third step in the new room generation system is tiling the floor. In the old system, all of the tiles had to be placed by hand. But now that the rooms are procedural, it means that the floors have to be generated as well. So based on our previous tilesets, we created a modified system, featuring several different sizes of totally randomizable tiles. This random flooring will be the “base layer” of the visual tiles (like a concrete or wood sub-floor), upon which other decorative tiles will later be dynamically placed. There are mini tiles, wide tiles, tall tiles, and double-sized tiles for visual variety — and the game can mirror and rotate them to make them look even more natural and non-repetitive. The examples below (using an obviously placeholder floor texture with letters), shows how some zones can have very gridded tiles: ...and others can have a random assortment of different sizes and shapes, with maximum randomization of mirroring / rotation: You may notice that currently some tiles are repeating near themselves, but we are working to ensure sure that the same tile is never repeated in immediate proximity. Developing the Critical Path So now the room layouts, walls, and floors have the maximum amount of variety and flexibility that we can create, within our given perspective and the constraints of our grid-based world. However, a well-designed room or level requires much more than that. Instead of randomly creating a room by just opening up chunks of floor here and there and putting walls around them, the generation algorithm needs to create a directed experience. Fundamentally, we need to generate a particular path with a beginning and an end, and interesting events along the way. This is where we began our most recent step — generating the “Critical Path,” or the intended minimum pathway through the room. NOTE: Those savvy in game design are probably asking “why is this step last? Shouldn’t the critical path be most important?” And you would be right! This step will actually occur first in the final algorithm — we just happened to work on this system most recently. Our Critical Path is not necessarily the 100% most efficient beeline from beginning point to endpoint — but rather a diverse “gameplay path” that requires the player to complete certain objectives in order. Those objectives might include walking from point A to point B, flipping a switch at point C and then back-tracking to B (or looping back to A) in order to proceed to D. It allows us to procedurally create challenges that must be passed in a certain order, as well as creating detours that are necessary for the completion of a room (or level). So for example, the system we are working toward will be able to create a room where the Drop Portal (the exit down to the next level) is generated behind a locked gate. The player can’t go through this gate without first flipping a switch elsewhere in the room — and importantly, this switch must somewhere along the critical path before the locked gate. (Otherwise the player will get stuck). This piece of the code is still very early in the making, but the following screenshot shows a debug view of the world, with a (rather complex but linear) critical path highlighted in blue: Note that this room is 1) currently only generated immediately around the critical path, with no extra space or off-shoots, and 2) has not been “enhanced” with more random walls. These features will be grafted into the Critical Path system as it is finished. The algorithm will also need to erect barriers within the room in order to prevent the player from taking shortcuts. And as always, the length of the path, degree of path complexity (twists and turns), and the number of straights versus diagonals will all tweakable on a level-by-level and room-type basis, and able to be modded. This gives our designers/scripters the ability to create lots of variety, and avoid both overly-complex and overly-simple structures… as well as increase complexity as the player progresses. Closing Scribbles That’s all for our End-of-July Update! We hope that you’re as excited about the recent progress as we are. It’s difficult to express, but we’re sure most of you understand how huge of a leap these improvements are, compared to the previous versions of the game. We now have a truly randomized room structure, which further allows levels to be even more interesting and challenging. Please let us know what you think! We know that many of you are awaiting a new build, but please know that when it comes, all of the above features will be there — and Delver’s Drop will have gone from a game with limited variety (as in the previous builds), to a game with huge amounts of replay. Thanks as always for sticking with us! Twitch Livestreams (Fridays @3pm CST): <url>’ve been hard at work on several major game systems and some more imaginative art streams. We hope you enjoy the monthly update! Development News The focus of development this month has been to build out the AI system into something much more complex, nuanced, and interesting, in order to facilitate more challenging and strategic combat. Our goals are to make enemies feel natural, giving them a true “detection” system so that they can react to (and differentiate between) threats and prey, allow for different modes and behaviors for a single enemy, and create inroads for more challenging gameplay — such as some light stealth mechanics and other player strategies. The old AI system, while efficient, was hard-coded and difficult to modify. There were few behavior states, and we were relying too much on enemy movement parameters to give them uniqueness. The new system we’ve been working on reads from an AI database (spreadsheet CSV file) that is very easy to edit. This allows us (or modders) to add new and interesting AI behaviors in minutes. Previously, enemies could only target and track the player; they can now acquire different targets and change their behavior accordingly — based on line of sight, hearing range, being touched, being damaged, etc. With our fight-or-flight system, they can prioritize running from their predators over chasing prey, or decide to turn and attack their predators when low on health. They can search for an ally with the lowest health and try to heal them, or search for the creature (or player) with the lowest health and focus all their efforts on finishing it off. Enemies can go into an alert state when they hear prey — increasing their sight range on the fly, causing them to be more attentive; but they may only begin the chase once they visually spot something to attack. These are just some examples of what we’ve accomplished in the last few weeks. Our goal is to make these features highly demonstrable in the next build, creating example rooms where we hand-design scenarios to test out the AI system with specific enemy types. Our next goals are to (completely) finish the physics refinements, finalize the last remaining character control tasks, and move back to dungeon generation full-force. We hope to bring you some exciting news about dungeons in the next update! Lore Dive (And Art Livestream Catch-up): COMPANION SPRITES As unveiled in last month’s update, we’ve been occasionally brainstorming ideas for the companions/familiars on our weekly livestreams — which occur (almost) every week, on Fridays, 3pm CST, at http:/twitch.tv/Pixelscopic We’ve decided to officially call these creatures “Companion Sprites” in the mythos of the world. They are elementally-based spirit creatures that can be summoned through totems in dungeons, and appear as small, floating beasts and fantastical beings, from a discombobulated head to an exploding tunafish. Kind of like Pokémon-eque Patronus helpers, they can appear and vanish as needed, in order to aid the player through offense, defense, and other utility functions. The inspiration behind the Companions came from various mythologies around the world. We looked to mythology in order to come up with more unique and unexpected ideas — the thought was not to stay true to the source material or attempt to bring real-world myths into the Delver’s universe, but rather to remix mythological ideas into something new and creative, in order to give the Companions a bizarre twist. In other words, we wanted to make them one of the most twisted yet fun and colorful elements of the world. Based on one of our stretch goals, we will be adding the ability for a second player to take over control of a Companion in the main campaign, for a limited local co-op “co-star” mode. For those who want a strictly solo experience, have no fear: you’ll be able to find Sprite Companions in the game and use them without a second player — they will simply be AI-controlled. The artwork is still under development, and the names may not be final, but below we’ve selected a subset of the Companions and provided information about their inspirations and mythological sources. Meet a few of our favorite Companions! ——— SIREN ——— Greek mythology tells of women with the wings and beautiful songs of birds, luring men to their graves in the sea. From those myths, the Mermaid appears in lore across all cultures, a dangerous mix of fin and flesh. We took both of these concepts to deliver and all-encompassing Siren: a winged mermaid. She wears a Noh mask to pay homage to the Eastern interpretations of the Siren, and has a shock of wavy pink hair to denote her alignment with the Howl element. ——— BARGHEST ——— Based on British lore, the Barghest is a mix of ghost and wolf. Often said to herald death and known for its association with the grave, we gave it the Grim elemental influence. The Barghest hunts and haunts with eyes aflame, and this inspired us bestow Fury as its second element. And for who knows what reason, the mythological Barghest makes the sound of rattling chairs when it walks — so we gave it a wooden stool for legs. ——— KHEPRI ——— To the Egyptians, the scarab beetle rolling its ball of dung along the ground symbolised the forces that rolled the sun through the heavens. To avoid having too many animal-like Companions, we drew inspiration from the cartoon villain Archimedes, and his use of mechanical insects. Our scarab possesses the Arcane element, meant to add a mechanical, chemical, and clockwork-esque look to its mysterious power. The orb Kepri holds is to further symbolize its relation to the sun and also the moon, since in the Delvers mythology, Arcane energy is aligned with the Moon God. ——— WULVER ——— The Wulver is another werewolf-inspired Companion based on traditional Shetland myth. This is one of our more peaceful creature inspirations, preferring to be by rivers and being very fond of fishing. With that in mind, we wanted to combine a large wolf and some angler element. This gave us a fish-eating dog with a fisherman’s cap. We added a few fishing hooks for earrings as the finishing touches for our aquatic werewolf, to further associate it with the Surge (water) Element. ——— KOHARA ——— Based on a Polynesian Goddess, Kohara, the Mother of all Tuna, is one of the most outlandish ideas we’ve worked on. Maori and Polynesian lore speak of a flash of lightning, out of which tuna are born to the ocean for the first time. Modeling our Companion after this idea, we wanted to make a creature that combined the volatile nature of lightning and thunder with a tuna fish, so we created what looks like an explosive Fish Stress Doll. The idea of a kamikaze tuna was too laughable to pass up. ——— SUBURBAN PHOENIX, aka Lawn Flamingo ——— This Companion was born from one of our contractors suggesting that the Thrive (plant) element be modelled after Topiary visuals, which lead us to a discussion of lawn ornaments. While it has been suggested that the Flamingo is the actual bird behind ancient egyptian legends of the Phoenix, we modelled our idea more on the quintessential Suburban Americana yard decoration. It may go without saying, but some ideas for Companions are meant to humorously break the fourth wall, just slightly. ——— AKANAME ——— This is perhaps one of the grossest Companions to date. The Akaname is a Japanese Yokai (ghost) that lived in outhouses. It is the personification of a fear that we have all felt at one time or another: the fear of using a restroom in the dark. In contrast to its foul and filthy mythology, our Akaname has become one of the cutest of the Companions. We joke that it ended up looking very muppet-like, more like a female Oscar the Grouch as opposed to a malevolent creature who waits to attack people while they’re on the can. Aligned with our Spoil Element, (the element of poison and decay), it was the logical elemental tie-in for a creature associated with unsavory of bathroom humor. ——— OROCHI ——— As our Companions have progressed, we have begun to set visual themes for each element, and as mentioned with the Akaname, the Spoil element has a subtle sewer theme. Based on the ancient Japanese tale of Kusanagi, Orochi is more or less a Hydra, sans regeneration. We dubbed our version the “Pipdra”, a portmanteau of “Pipe” and “Hydra” during one of our livestreams, as a way to combine the poisonous Spoil and the chemical/mechanical Arcane element. ——— STORM CROW ——— A great many legends across North America feature the Storm Crow, which foretells violent thunderstorms. But we also like the allusion to Norse myths relating to crows that arrive in the wake of battle. We had to give it a Valkyrie’s helmet and shape it to look like it was made of lightning, which ties it both to these mythological sources, and the elements in our universe. ——— A BAO A QU ——— The A Bao A Qu is an unusual folk tale centered around the Tower of Victory. Based in Malay legend, it is said to rest at the base of the stairs within the tower and follows those trying to ascend (an analogy for ascending to Nirvana). It is said to feel like peach fuzz if touched, and appears as a specter. So we clearly had to slap some eyes on a peach and gave it a cute, ghostly cloak to align it with the Echo (ghostly) element. Update Complete! Thanks again for sticking with us, and we look forward to bringing you lots of amazing Delvers news next month! Welcome to the Delver’s Drop End-of-Month Update for May 2015! Before we get started, we’d like to apologize about being a little sporadic with the Livestreams this month. We had several conflicts, and weren’t as consistent as usual. But we did have several guests, so hopefully that makes up for it! To see a list of past episodes, hop over to our forums: <url>’s Drop website some nice upgrades. We are unsure about the timeline, but we are planning to develop a customer portal on the site, where our backers can login and download a full archive of all versions of the game. As most of you may know, you can currently download and play the game via Humble. (If you never saw an email with your key, let us know via email at <email> and we’ll send your link!) However, that system is limited to the newest build, and we’ve received many requests to try out older versions of the game. We even occasionally like to go on a trip down memory lane, and play the *oldest* version, which pre-dates even the Kickstarter campaign! So the plan is to give all of you the ability to download and play these older versions in the near future. But be warned — they may be (probably are) quite buggy, and a few of the earliest are PC-only. We also hope that this will make it easier for some Kickstarter backers to download and play the game. Looking even further to the future, we will most likely use this web portal to provide many of your digital rewards. New Build on the Horizon We are working hard on a new build with some significant feature additions. However, the scope and playtime will be limited, since several system will still be undergoing revision. We have decided to focus on the basics of gameplay: controls, physics, and movement abilities. We are also striving to get some missing and long overdue systems up and running — such as adding several in-game sub-menus, and exposing the experience points and leveling systems. Some of these features may be rough and experimental, with more polish and balancing to come in the future. Physics As we’ve mentioned (probably more than once), progress has been slowed by some physics rework. This became necessary when certain game-y mechanics were introduced, which contradict some of the normal laws of physics… and produced pretty bad bugs. Sokoban-style, limited-direction pushable blocks would get permanently stuck on each other, like a left-moving rock against an upward-moving hard place. (Broken puzzles!) When we tried to modify character dashing and add some cool new mechanics, we hit the mathematical limits of the physics simulation. (Super-fast dashing could not be bug-free.) For the same reason, players could not throw objects all the way across the room… more like 5 feet in front of them. (Lame!) And finally, some of you may have also noticed many objects interpenetrating as if everything in the game were a balloon animal. (Just weird!) Anyway, all of that is getting fixed! It’s been a rather un-fun change to undergo on the programming side, but it means that player abilities and puzzles can now be a whole lot more interesting. As a huge added bonus, performance should improve dramatically on slower machines. Experience, Leveling, Skill Upgrades We have (theoretically) had experience points in the game for a long time. But it was definitely not visible to the player. And when we exhumed this bit of code from its sepulchral hiding place, it apparently counted XP for enemy kills until it reached 100 points… and then stopped. So now, suffice it to say that you can gain XP from enemy kills, and level up as you reach each scaling level threshold. For instance, Level 2 is reached at 1000 XP, then Level 3 after another 1250, and so on. (Obviously pending balancing). So what happens when you level up? This is where the long awaited Skills / Perks system comes into play! Each time you level, the character class you are playing as will gain at least 1 skill point. You can then assign this point to several active ability skills or passive perks. Some perks will only be unlockable once you meet other requirements. We are avoiding a very complicated prerequisite tree, and instead gearing the system toward maximum player customization. Just remember that the game will be 100% playable without grinding for levels, or assigning perks. We are emphasizing player skill over the numbers-game of level-grinding (more like Dark Souls), so that the game can theoretically be beaten with a Level-1, non-upgraded character. So for those of you who (A) hate wasting time grinding, or (B) love a challenge, we hope to accommodate your wishes! While the implementation of this system will be VERY simple in the upcoming build, we are making good progress, and are excited about showing it to all of you. Sub-Menus, Item Comparison Partly to accommodate the leveling and skill customization screens, we are working on a larger set of sub-menus. These will eventually also include a level map, achievement list, in-game settings (volume, etc), and an item/weapon info sub-screen. This last item screen is currently one of our highest menu priorities. Ever wondered why the game has had so many nonsense items that do very little damage, or knock the player backwards? The plan was to start the player with low-quality weapons in Zone 1 for narrative realism and added challenge, and then to introduce the idea of item comparison as better items are found. Very soon we will have implemented a menu state (inside of the pause menu flow) where you can look at the stats of any given item, and compare it to others you are carrying, or an item that you have just found in a treasure chest. This will allow players to pick only the best weapons, and ones for which their character class has greater affinity. Other weapons are still usable, but if they have low stats or are ill-suited for your character, you may want to cash them in or thrown them at enemies for bonus damage. The Item comparison sub-menu will help you make all of these decisions. We also enjoy giving the weapons silly names and descriptions, and we need a place to display this text so you can (hopefully) chuckle at our wit, and cry at our bad jokes. That’s all for this month’s development updates. But June looks to be a very promising month, so stay tuned! MEET THE CAST: SORCERER Gender: Male Guild: The Shade Whispers Occupation: Purveyors of (often illegal) potions and tinctures, the Sorcerer employs potent magic that manipulates spirit energy to benefit others or serve more shady purposes. Best Weapons: Spirit Bottles Goals: Sorcerers wish to increase their social standing and influence over others, or manipulate others to their purpose. Specialty: They sap spirits and energy from living plants, animals, and people, to create more powerful magic concoctions and tame powerful Echo ghosts. Description: Lovers of flattery and practitioners of the same, Sorcerers are self-important and have a penchant for gambling and conspicuous spending, in attempts to increase their social standing. They rely on magical substances to forget their past and to ease the burden of their magical capabilities — or to enhance them. Thanks Again! Thanks as always for sticking with us! And please show up for our Art Livestreams every Friday (usually at 3pm CST), or visit our forums , where we will be happy to hear your suggestions and feedback! Hello, Delvers! And welcome to our End-of-the-Month update. We’ll start with some development news, and then proceed with some tidbits from our artwork livestreams, and a bit of story and lore from the game. New &amp; Improved Controls As we mentioned last time, we’ve been hard at work on a new control scheme, with the goal of improving combat and the fluidity of player input. We’ve also added true aiming (via mouse or analog stick) which is undergoing the last pass of testing and refinement before we finalize the entire scheme. Aim: The player can now aim freely while standing still, and can aim while charging. We wanted to avoid a kiting scheme where the player can run backwards while stabbing enemies that are chasing them — we felt that a more traditional, tactical approach was preferable, and offered the right type of challenges to the player. However, we also wanted to give the player the freedom to plan more careful strikes and projectile shots. Hence the addition of aiming when stationary or moving slowly (in weapon charge mode). Dodge-Jump: This feature is still somewhat experimental, but very fun. Some of you may remember that we had a feature called “Shield Dodging” in previous builds. However, the controls for doing so were cumbersome. We’ve resurrected something similar to this Dodge, but have attached it to the Dash button, now located on the controllers’ B-Button (Xbox) or Circle Button (PlayStation). This will feel very familiar to Dark Souls players, and the feature will function very similarly to Soul’s rolling move. The player can dash in any of the 8 directions, and (bonus feature!) may also be able to use our Dodge-Jump to pass over small pits and obstacles. This will add a lot of variety to level traversal, as well as making evasion more strategic. Dash-Run: So what happened to our current Dash move? Well it’s still here… with some tweaks. We felt that it was a bit too powerful and offensive, so we have made the Dodge-Jump the more usable feature by comparison, and made Dashing require a little more planning and timing (since it's more powerful). So this updated Dash-Run move will be performed by holding the Dodge-Jump button down. The player will go through a brief charge-up time, then begin to dash. Think of it like the Pegasus Boots in Link to the Past — with a bit of charge-up time, you may be able to dash across an entire room. And the offensive nature of this move will improve with equipped shields and player skills, adding extra damage and knockback to enemies if you dash into them. Hang Out with us on Twitch! We’ve been steaming regularly at twitch.tv/pixelscopic , at 3 PM CST (Daylight Savings), aka GMT -5. We discuss various aspects of the game (and ramble off-topic A LOT), answer questions from the chat, and generally show off what we’re working on. We also run a weekly poll where those participating in chat can vote on the topic for the next stream. Our first stream back saw us working on the updated Elements List, from which status and elemental effects will be drawn. The Elements have been revised and given a better color scheme, and more unique symbols and particle styles, so that players won’t be required to memorize or identify colors to determine what an enemy or weapon is flinging at them. We also discussed the idea of Elemental Buffs that could be added to weapons from Elemental Forges found within the Drop. We also worked on the Elementalist class, touching up his color scheme to make him stand out from the other Delvers, and preparing him for animation. Armed with staves and branches, the Elementalist will serve as a mid-ranged magic user with some melee capability. And finally, our most popular stream topic! We began work on the art for the Companion Sprites — the familiars or spirit beasts that the player can summon in the game. They will assist the player in various ways, and are the source of the Local Co-Op function. We’re hoping that using them will be a fun addition for one or two players, while still keeping the game balanced. If you have suggestions on what sort of critters you’d like to see in the Companion Sprites list, we have a post on our forums here: <url>#new , where you can interact with the community and offer suggestions. Meet the Cast: Rogue Edition! Appearing on almost every piece of our concept artwork, the Rogue seems a good place to start (re)introducing our cast of... well... rogues and ne’er-do-wells. Garbed in the Purples of The Hangmen Hoods, the Rogue is the jack-of-all-trades character in Delver’s Drop. With decent speed and good traction while running, she’s a great match for beginning players and those well practiced with the game. Some of you may not know this, but we originally didn’t have a gender picked for the Rogue. We usually referred to it as “he” because… well who knows why. But when we first showed the game at PAX, several people mentioned that something about the animation, particularly the way the Rogue’s running animation looked, made her look feminine. So after several people asked if the Rogue was a girl, we decided to make it official… and we’ve never looked back. In the world of Delver’s Drop, there would also be male Rogues, but we couldn’t be happier to have our lovable charlatan lady-Rogue headlining all of our promotional materials. Full Bio: Gender: Female (as appears in Delver’s Drop) Guild: The Hangmen Hoods Occupation: Rogues wear many hats, working as con-artists and thieves, and are often employed to steal secrets from others. Best Weapons: Swords and knives Goals: Rogues desire gold, and will make other people’s fortunes their own with whatever tactics they need. Specialty: They discover more hidden treasure than anyone else; it is rumored that they can actually smell out gold and silver. They are also said to be capable of swinging a blade so fast that it cuts the air. Description: Flippant and full of self-irony, Rogues are witty smooth-talkers and sly rebels who antagonize those with pride or authority. They love to take the wealthy down a notch through verbal duels, pranks and hijinx, and obviously, knicking their gold. Ironically, Rogues give away most of the stolen goods and money because they find joy in acquiring it, not necessarily in keeping it. Rogues often learn random skills, making them a jacks-of-all-trades and allowing them to adapt to varied situations. For those interested in more the lore of the Delver’s Drop world or just keep up with the news and goings on here at Pixelscopic, they should check out the forums at forums.pixelscopic.com . Thanks Again! Thanks as always for sticking with us! And we hope that you show up for our streams every Friday, or on our forums, where we will be happy to hear your suggestions and feedback! As we’re sure everyone is aware, we’ve been out of contact for a long time. We sincerely apologize for the lack of communication. A combination of overwork, lack of time, life in general, and burnout has caused us to become negligent in our communication and PR. While we’ve stayed active and in touch with users on our forums, we have neglected our Kickstarter community and have been too silent about development — which is not good for you, or for us. So before we begin the update, we ask to you to forgive us for the long silence, as well as the slow progress. Why so little contact? As a very small company, it tends to feel like everyone has ten important things to do, and unfortunately anything that is not contributing directly to development (tasks like customer service, updates, livestreams, and social media) can easily slide to the back burner. But this procrastination means that you are out of the loop. Some may have believed we totally disappeared, which is definitely not the case. Delver's Drop has not disappeared, and is still in active development. We were (unwisely) waiting for several bits of good news or a new amazing build of the game to solidify, and that turned into a very unfortunate and long delay. And honestly, we have been a little depressed with the slow progress and lack of anything we feel is worthy of public display… in other words, we are probably too hard on ourselves and on the game. We incorrectly assumed that our backers would prefer to not be spammed with mediocre or insubstantial updates. The overwhelming response has been that everyone would prefer small updates to no updates, even to simply know that we are still alive. So from here on, we're going to do an update at least once per month , whether there is amazingly significant news, or just to let you know what is currently brewing. Obviously we’ll try to cram updates with juicy nuggets, but we hope that if those nuggets are in short supply, you’ll forgive us until the next update comes around a few weeks later. But the goal will be to fill them with blog-esque tidbits, anecdotes, and fun facts about development and the Delver's world. So what’s new? The best news is that we now have another part-time programmer! He started as an intern, but we quickly graduated him to working more directly on the game. The code is pretty complicated, so it may be a little while before our development speeds up. But it’s definitely a start. We also have a second evenings-and-weekends programmer who may help on additional features as he is able. Improved AI? Yes, please! Thirdly, we are partnering with Junklatch ( @junklatch on Twitter), a new indie support company run by a very knowledgeable and talented guy named Chris Dwyer. He will assist us with project planning to complete the game more efficiently, and advise us as we bring the game to market. Chris will also be helping with promotion and PR, specifically by showing the game at conventions. In fact, he recently showed Delver’s Drop in Junklatch's booth at Indiecade East. We will still exhibit (and hopefully see all of you!) at conventions like PAX Prime. However, we are cutting back on conventions in general (we chose not to go to PAX East this year), in an effort to be more financially conservative, and just spend more time and effort on development. Why the delays? Unfortunately on a game this complex (especially with our physics), a lot of our original goals became more difficult to achieve than we originally thought. Many aspects have taken much much longer than anticipated, and things have gotten tight for our business. Some of our team members have been working second jobs or side-projects to maintain personal stability. We’ve also undergone some life changes (one team member has a new baby!), and we have had to adjust as individuals and as a company. And then there was the time that a team member ended up with a broken hand, and had to learn to use a mouse left-handed, as well as type one-handed for about 2 months… not fun. What have you been working on? You would be correct in guessing that progress has been slow since our last update. As development has gone on, we’ve seen more and more where our game is thin and uninteresting. We’ve been trying to bring the focus toward what the game does well (combat) and to revise and improve what it does poorly (random generation and level navigation). We continue to believe (based on your feedback) that the majority of you would prefer Delver's Drop to be the best game possible, and we are striving to ensure this goal. Since the build last fall, we realized that several of the game’s systems are fighting against each other. Namely, the physics tend to fight against player controls, combat, and puzzle mechanics, so we have been attempting to reduce floatiness, and simultaneously make the game run better by optimizing and simplifying the physics system. We also feel that random generation and our level design in general actually make exploration less interesting than it should be, so we’ve been reconsidering their structure and implementation. We've also been designing increased depth in combat, since it is the most fun part of the game, but becomes repetitive quickly. We actually had a (very rough) prototype of 4-player competitive combat, but almost all play sessions devolved into button-mashing and trading blows like rock-em-sock-em robots. (Once we fix the camera issues and get 4-player UI in place, we’ll let you take a look.) But what this experiment showed us was that the combat definitely needed something more — a more agile dodge/dash, and some variety in attack types. Cue the fabled combo system, which is underway! We are even planning to add depth to the elemental system, with significance in the game's lore. (New and updated rune designs below): More importantly, we've been putting some extra effort into the controls in order to help the player feel more accurate and agile. We will soon have aiming with the mouse (or controller analog stick) implemented. This can be used when standing still or when charging up attacks, and will be especially effective for aiming projectile shots. We are not going full twin-stick, but adding this optional feature will help make combat more precise, fluid, and engaging. When will the game be released? A hard release date is something that everyone here would love to know, but we simply aren’t sure yet. We plan to release on Steam Early Access before we move toward a final release, and will likely allow our backers to play the game on Steam even earlier. However, we are dedicated to making the game much more robust and fully-featured before we will truly consider an Early Access launch. If you have opinions about Early Access, please message us with your thoughts! We do know that a lot of you would like to play the game on Steam as well as have access through Humble, so that is a goal of ours regardless. In terms of platforms, our commitment remains the same: PC / OSX / Linux at final launch and iOS / Android / Ouya some time after. For those waiting on the Linux port, we have made some progress, but it is unfortunately still some distance from completion. Some have asked for an estimated release. But since we have definitely not hit our milestones in the past, we are now hesitant to make more promises that we may not be able to keep. But if we were to make some very rough, conservative goals, our hope would be the following: • New builds on Humble by this spring (April/May) • Backer access to the game on Steam this summer • Steam Early Access (Beta) by fall / winter • Release toward end of year, or early next • Mobile builds would therefore come by mid next year We realize that this is not a very promising outlook for many of you, and we apologize again. But we would prefer to be honest and transparent as we progress. So we hope you will be patient as the game matures, though we realize that patience may be in short supply. We will be making every effort to bring you all back into greater involvement with the game through more frequent updates, more media engagement, and more frequent builds… as well as physical rewards. So where are the physical rewards? We have a *lot* of your goodies already packed in mailers and ready to go, and we thought we would be able to send them much sooner. We are literally just lacking one more item design (the manual) to get the first shipment out the door. But since we’ve been tweaking the controls, we didn’t want to print manuals with totally incorrect information. This is consequently at the top of the development tasklist, so as soon as controls are final, we can wrap up the manual and start shipping. Mailing this first set of physical rewards will be a huge morale boost for us, and will also vastly improve our office space (no more dodging boxes)! The second major shipment of physical goods will happen after the final release, since items like the physical boxed copy obviously require the game to be finished. Posters will be shipped separately, and will most likely ship somewhere in between now and release — we will shoot for doing them as soon as possible. But in the meantime, here is another sneak peek of the art print that many of you will be receiving! Is this update over yet? Yeah… it’s kind of long. We should have sent this in about 20 parts over the last several months. Thank you, every one of you, for your support and patience. Without you all, this game would never be happening in the first place, and we are grateful for everyone who has chosen to stick with us. We thank you for caring whether we post an update, and for your reminders that you want to hear from us when we those updates are lacking. The development of Delver’s Drop has definitely not gone as planned or desired, but we continue to work toward our original goal — to make a great game. We’ll be in touch again soon. If you would like to contact us directly, feel free to use our Kickstarter-specific email, <email>. And remember that we have a forum, filled with lots of awesome people who love games at <url>—The Pixelscopic Delvers Hello! We’ve been cranking away on development, and PAX snuck up on us a bit. So apologies for the delay on getting this update out. PAX PRIME Speaking of PAX Prime—we are there! If you are going to be enjoying the PAX craziness this weekend, please stop by and say howdy! We are up on the 6th floor, in booth 6122. We are joined this year with our friends and former colleagues from Graphite Lab who are showing off the latest build of Hive Jump: a multiplayer run and gun that is on Kickstarter as we speak! Come plunder some loot in the Drop, and then scoot over just a bit to blast away at alien hives. A two-for-one kind of awesome deal! Livestreams Make sure to check out some of our livestreams at Twitch.tv/pixelscopic . We do 2 streams—one on Wednesday at 3:00 PM CST and another on Friday at 5:00 PM CST. New Build Coming Soon Speaking of the PAX Prime Build, we are working on getting all of you access to that in the next few days. We’ve also got the ball rolling on getting your Steam keys for the game into the hands of the fine folks at Humble - lots of our backers have let us know they’d appreciate access through Steam so we are making that happen, and soon! What’s new in the latest build? Front end menus, save data, Endless Drop mode is back in, the new (third!) version of the inventory and HUD, new enemies, new weapons, new traps, finalized lighting and shadows, improved particles and emitters, status effects, ammo, and a lot more. Physical Goods Batch 1 Once everyone is back from PAX, we will be making the final preparations to ship out the first batch of physical goods (T-Shirts, Stickers, Buttons, Art Print, and B&amp;W Manual.) The latter two items have taken a bit longer than expected but are almost wrapped up. This is the last call for anyone at the $40 or $60+ tiers that has moved and not notified us to change your address, to make sure you get your stuff, and as fast as possible! If you’ve already emailed us, then you are good to go, but if you need to inform us of a change please contact us: <email> New Build Coming Soon Speaking of the PAX Prime Build, we are working on getting all of you access to that in the next few days. We’ve also got the ball rolling on getting your Steam keys for the game into the hands of the fine folks at Humble - lots of our backers have let us know they’d appreciate access through Steam so we are making that happen, and soon! What’s new in the latest build? Front end menus, save data, Endless Drop mode is back in, the new (third!) version of the inventory and HUD, new enemies, new weapons, new traps, finalized lighting and shadows, improved particles and emitters, status effects, ammo, and a lot more. KS Rewards We’ve mailed out all of the Postcards and the second round for those that contacted us or were returned, so if you backed at the $40 or a $60+ tier and have not received your postcard and have not contacted us, please do so! What about the other physical rewards? They require the game to be finished (or need to be shipped with something that needs the game to be finished) so we are still a ways out from physical goods batch 2 :) Thank you!!! We’re back, backers! Postcards &amp; Rewards As some of you may have discovered in your mailbox, the postcards for all $40 and $60-and-above backers have been sent! We’re hoping everyone has received them already, but PLEASE LET US KNOW if you have not gotten yours by the end of next week — June 13, or maybe a little bit longer for international backers. We want to be sure that everyone’s address is correct before we send the more expensive items (t-shirts, pins, stickers, etc), so make sure you let us know if you think we do not have your current address! Email us with corrections at: <email> The next few waves of rewards will be going out soon! We are busy packing and stamping, folding and taping all of the items into envelopes. In the meantime, here is a sneak peak of the stickers for the $80+ backers: If the animated GIF above worked, then you should see how the stickers look both before and after you peel them from the backing sheet! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ NEW BUILD! At long last, a new build has been posted to Humble! This is a much (much much much) improved version of the demo that we took to PAX East. The one big downside that many will notice right away is that it has a single, not-so-random, pre-designed level. We created this level to showcase some new features, and to create a more cohesive experience while we reworked the randomization systems. So while there is little replayability in this build, you should get a pretty entertaining and fairly polished ten minutes out of it. Expect randomization to be back soon! New Features: ASSASSIN! New opening logo animation! Improved &amp; updated control scheme Zone 2 tileset, and new puzzle objects / blocks New music &amp; sound effects New enemies &amp; traps Smooth turning movement More weapons, ability to use primary and secondary weapons in tandem Damage number pop-ups Lots of other effects and pizzazz, including a dash effect! ”Materials” &amp; elemental vulnerability system - enemies and objects take differing amounts of damage based on the type of weapon / attack you are performing. For instance, wood boxes take much more damage from fire! Probably other things that we’ve forgotten... Let us know what you think on our forums, at <url>’s Drop posters! The folks behind Pop Middle Ages <url>’s cartoons (Ninja Turtles, etc). Here is the first Delver’s Drop Poster for your viewing pleasure... and a second poster in a different style! The Kickstarter campaign for these posters ends on Fri, Jun 13 2014 4:00 PM CDT, so you have about one week to pledge if you’re interested! ***Just so you know, these posters are not the same as the posters included in our Kickstarter rewards! They are by different artists, and can only be gotten through the Pop Middle Ages campaign. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ That’s all for now, so in the meantime, keep Delving! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Hey, friendly backers! We just wanted to let you know that we are preparing a huge pile of physical rewards, and wanted to give you a sneak peek of what’s coming to a mailbox near you within the next 6-8 weeks! IF YOUR ADDRESS HAS CHANGED IN THE LAST YEAR (or will change within the next 2 months), PLEASE SEND US YOUR NEW ADDRESS! — <email> If you already sent us an email to change your address, then you are already updated! No further action is necessary. We will be sending the postcards out first, and then packages of goodies… Here’s what the envelope will look like when it arrives! Pins! We upgraded everyone’s 1” button pins to metallic prints, and instead of 4 pins you will get a full set of all 6 main characters! B&amp;W Manuals! These are NES-style “manuals,” slightly spoof-ish and more for fun than actual instruction on how to play. Just like in the NES era, you’ll have to call our 1-900 phone line if you want to know how to beat that super nasty boss… just joking, check our forums instead :) Art Print! A snazzy-tastic 8x10” print suitable for framing and placing next to your family photos. We're still working on the art for this one, so we’ll send an update with the full image soon! Stickers! Who doesn’t like stickers? T-Shirts! We just printed the t-shirts! They feature a stylized, weathered version of the logo on soft fashionable shirts* in a guy-and-girl-friendly dark navy color. The sleeve will say “Delver’s Drop” in our custom font. Order Extra Shirts! For anyone who is not already receiving a t-shirt as part of their reward package (or if you just want a second shirt), we will be offering a limited quantity at $25 each, shipping included if you’re in the USA. If you would like to order a shirt, please email <email> and tell us your size (XS-3XL in unisex, S-XL in ladies' tees). First come first served! After we confirm we have your size left in stock, we will accept payment by Paypal only. Apologies in advance if we run out, these are very limited! All other physical rewards will be produced later, nearer to when the game is ready for release. This is partly because we need more art which isn’t complete yet, and partly so that we can try to ship similarly sized items together to keep shipping costs on budget. Here’s a teaser of some other stuff in the Pixelscopic “warehouse” (aka closet): a batch of the Little Lazies Rogue figurines! If you have any questions about the other rewards, please email us! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PAX EAST! We’ll be there at Booth #585 in the Indie Megabooth . If you’ll be in Boston, please come by our booth and say hi! Tell us you’re a Kickstarter backer and do the secret handshake, and you will be dubbed a true Delver. Even more of the expanded team (interns, contractors, etc) will be there this time around, and we would all love to chat with you. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Other Stuff! Updated Logo! Oh yeah, and we updated the logo. Here is a comparison of old and new, just for funzies! One Year Kickstarter Anniversary! Hey, by the way, we just passed the one-year mark since our Kickstarter was successful. Thanks for sticking with us for all this time, through the good (new features!) and bad (delays). We appreciate all of your support, and are incredibly grateful to have had you along for the ride. Next Build? We’ve been crunching the last few weeks to put together a snazzy and sweet demo for PAX East. We will be uploading the next build to Humble after we return from Boston. So those of you who see us at PAX will get a sneak preview, albeit in a very short demo. When we return we’ll quickly revise the demo into a fully fledged build — and we’ll keep you posted on its status and send another update as soon as it’s online. Thanks again for your patience! Next Build’s Upcoming Features: Assassin playable Zones 2 &amp; 3 environments More weapons (and weapon types) More enemies Time allowing, we may also be able to include some forms of elemental damage and some random weapon properties/terms. That’s all for now, so in the meantime, keep Delving! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ *Anyone who ordered 4XL shirts — unfortunately we could not find this size in the same fabric that we wanted to use for the shirts in general, so these will be produced in a similarly colored (navy) cotton shirt. Sorry we couldn’t find a shirt manufacturer that had every size in the poly-blend fabric! Aaaaaaand at long last, the much-anticipated weapons build is finished! Go download version 0.6.2 “Arms Race” from your local Humble Library now! We definitely appreciate all of your patience during the massive gulf of time it took us to get this build out. We have been adding some new systems, and made some pretty extensive technical changes… but more on that later. With several bonus features (you can throw things!!!), we hope the wait will have been worth it. What’s changed? Obviously there are now lots of weapons! To tell the truth, there is really only a small batch of what’s to come in the future, as we add zones and additional content. But the full feature set is in place, and we can make weapons of just about any length, speed, and attack pattern for a huge amount of variety. For a long-winded explanation of the new and changed features, please see the full Build Notes on the forum: <url>’s the short version: Feature Overview LOOT! — Weapons randomly drop from breakable objects and chests. WEAPONS! — New weapon types, with more coming each build. INVENTORY! — Equip up to 6 weapons to your inventory (5 sub-slots and 1 primary slot). ITEM JUGGLING! — Swap your equipped weapon on the fly, for use in your primary slot. CHARGED ATTACKS! — Hold down the attack button to charge the attack for a higher critical hit rate. BARE-FISTED ATTACKS! — No weapon? No problem! Punch your way out. LIFT! — Pick up and carry objects - jars, crates, torches are all portable! Use it as a shield or... THROW IT! — Anything you can pick up becomes a projectile weapon. DEGRADATION! — They can’t all be positive, can they? Weapons and items have decreasing uses, depending on your selected class’s proficiency with that weapon type. Primary weapon types for each class have infinite uses. New Controls The first thing you need to know before you jump in is the new control scheme: The big things to remember are: Use the Interact button to pick up food and weapons, as well as to open the jail doors and flip switches. To use a weapon, you must swap it into your primary slot (on the right side), before it can be used! Weapons uses degrade, so watch the numeric counter on your items. If the counter displays “---” this weapon is infinite use for your class. Weapons System This build took a very veeeeery long time… trust us, we felt the pain as much as all of you. So why all the work and was it worth it? We think so. It would not be an exaggeration to say that Delver’s Drop has one of the more complex weapon systems on the market. Take a look and judge for yourself based on what we can do with the system. In other words, allow us geek out on technical details: VARIABLE SPEED — Weapon speed is a major factor in gameplay — the faster you can strike, the more effective you’ll be. We can customize the speed down to hundredths of a second and weapon speeds can be unique to the three 3 stages of an attack. REPEAT STRIKES — Some weapons can do repeat hits in a single attack, such as a knife stabbing 2 or 3 times in quick succession each time you use it. RANGES — Weapons can have variable lengths / ranges, from the character’s bare fists to the full length of the screen. BARE FISTS — Yes, bare-fisted combat is possible for the masochists among you. Expect achievements for game completion without using a weapon! KNOCKBACK — Enemies are knocked back (and stunned) to greater or lesser degrees based on the weapon type. RECOIL — There is also recoil on your character when some weapons are used. This is undesirable in low-tier weapons, but will cause incredible hijinx when you eventually find a shotgun that shoots you across the room (and possibly across pits) with its recoil burst. USER DAMAGE — Some weapons will hurt you. Yes, this kinda sucks. But if it’s between having no weapon and a low-tier weapon with such a splintered grip that it hurts your hands to use… maybe the weapon is worth it. Or maybe you like the idea of a cursed vampiric weapon that slowly steals your life in exchange for increased damage to enemies. THROWING — If a weapon is unusable, or so poor that you don’t even want to equip it to your inventory, it has a secondary use when you THROW IT IN AN EMEMY’S FACE. It will cause as much damage as before, without the hassle of putting it in your pack. WEAPON COMPONENTS — Each weapon consists of between 4-6 parts that have unique visuals and each part can be swapped via randomization (coming soon!) TONS OF PROPERTIES — There are approximately 100 different scriptable properties that go into determining how each weapons looks and plays. This means that we can create an almost limitless number of unique weapons. The following is the list of weapon features that are NOT yet done, but will be coming in future builds: In the next build, we will add a second button so that you can attack with items directly from your inventory, rather than only your primary slot. Two buttons = DUAL WIELDING! Lots of weapons are not ready yet, but should be available soon — bombs, shuriken, crossbows, grapnels, flails… all ready to go, and just waiting on art and scripting! Weapon randomization (prefix / suffix descriptors) is not yet complete. The weapons randomly drop, but do not yet have randomized properties or names. So expect the “Expert Double-Bladed Flaming Maul of Kablooey” soon. We have plans for around 1,000 base weapon instances (before randomization). Some weapon categories only have one weapon type right now. Eventually all weapon types (axes, maces, firearms, whips, etc) will have at least 10 instances. New Delver Class! And finally, we announce the presence of the new and improved, and most importantly, playable, BEASTKEEPER! The most flamboyant Delver of all is ready to tame the Drop with her powerful whip and (coming later) summoned companion monsters! Bonus Improvements! Vastly Improved Load Times We are now loading approximately TWICE as much data (the weapons databases are gigantic), and load times have been improved so that it should take only 10-20% of your previous wait. For reference, our loading times have been around 5 seconds when you drop to a new level. We would definitely love to hear from you all regarding your load times — it will help us further improve them. Please let us know how the game performs for you here: <url>“Mapping CSV” tab, and download it as a CSV file to replace your local settings. See the “README” tab for more detailed info: <url>#gid=8 We also now have a gamepad tester inside of the game, so if you have a gamepad which we have not yet mapped, you can help us add it! Please help us support every controller possible! Theoretically, anything your computer can recognize as a controller should work — which means things like USB adapters for many console converters should be mappable. We’re still waiting for someone to map a Rockband instrument, Dreamcast fishing controller, or ChaCha Amigo maracas. You can find all of the details about adding a new Gamepad to our database in the public Controller Mapping spreadsheet’s Readme tab as well (same link as above). Build Checker We also implemented a feature to check whether your build is up to date. Whenever the game launches, it will try to ping our servers to see if a newer version of the game is available. If such a version is, then you will get a very basic message telling you that there is a new build and that you should download it. This network check DOES NOT interfere in any way with the normal operation of the game! If you don't have an internet connection, the game simply shrugs and moves on. If your build is out of date, you can still play it to your heart's content the game will simply remind you each time you boot up that a newer version is available. We hope that is a convenient way to guarantee that you are up to date without interfering with your ability to play the game immediately, regardless of internet accessibility. So why’d it take so long? Databases Databases Databasessssssss…. A huge database conversion unfortunately took a massive amount of time and effort on our end. We effectively rewrote the entire code system for our in-game databases. Not only did the coding take forever, we of course broke several dozen things that had to be fixed and tested. So why did we do this if it was so time intensive? Well, we didn't exactly want to, but we were reaching a point of no return. We wrote the database system last summer to work with the massive CSVs our designers and scripters use. Unfortunately, as most of you have probably experienced, the load times for the game were getting really, really bad due to the way this information was loaded. So instead of waiting for the mobile release (for which we knew we would have to redo the databases) and living with awful load times in the meantime, we bit the bullet and redid the whole system. This was one of the most painful months of development for all of us here in the office. We think that the benefits were quite worth it though: now the game is loading approximately 2x as much data (the weapons databases are gigantic) in under 20% of the previous load times. So you get more weapons, levels, and enemies even faster. It was effectively a win-win-quadruple-win, but it was the single largest factor in delaying the build, and giving us all premature gray hair. Or in Coby’s case, further balding. :D Besides that, the weapon system did take longer than expected. But we added some features like thrown objects along the way in order to flesh out the item-equipment system event further. What’s next? Dungeon Generation 2.0 Build v0.6.2 is going to be the last major build using the legacy dungeon generation scheme. In other words, if you like the current rooms in the game, enjoy them now, because everything related to the dungeon is getting a makeover. As we mentioned late last year, the new dungeon generation scheme should accomplish the following goals: More flexibility in room design and greater variability within room components. More cohesive and interesting layout of each dungeon level. Better support for puzzle mechanics both in rooms and throughout a dungeon level. New drop mechanics, less backtracking, and more pronounced progression. Integration with thematic elements We’ve spent a lot of time planning out how to accomplish these goals in order to maximize fun, reduce repetition and backtracking, and create some unique and interesting generations. The shortcomings of the first generation scheme and the planning for this next iteration has given us a lot of confidence that our Randungeoneration™ (Random Dungeon Generation 2.0) is going to be awesome. And if it’s not, we will cry. And then redo it again. Boatloads of Content New content will be raining down from here on out. Random Dungeon Generation 2.0 has been a bottleneck for us regarding adding in the new zones, but now that we are moving forward with the new generation system, new zones will get easier and easier to build. With the weapon system finalized, we are also able to rapidly generate the remaining base weapon instances. New enemies, new objects (puzzle and otherwise), and the remaining characters are also all coming into focus now. The next major build will probably look and feel like a different game! Sneak peak of a basic Zone 2 room: Sneak peak of the updated Assassin Class: Where’s my (insert reward here)? Due to all the database updates and the rush to get content production for additional zones / characters / weapons / etcetera running smoothly, our artists have gotten behind on reward production. We assumed you would still prefer to have cool game updates than a postcard in the mail. But we are beginning to work on them again, and a few are almost ready to print. We’ll send an update as soon as they are in-hand, when we are ready to mail them! Livestreams! Don’t forget that we do a livestream on <url>— one awesome, and one boring. But before we get started, we wanted to wish everyone an amazing holiday season, however you choose to celebrate it! Although we will probably have at least one more update before the new year, this is our best opportunity to say that we hope your holidays are filled with friends, family, food, fun, and obviously lots of time to play videogames. Call-in Livestream We here at Pixelscopic will be having a bit of a holiday get-together this Thursday, and we would like for you to join us via our Livestream from 2pm-4pm CST! We’ve invited all of our local contractors to come by and join in the stream, and we want you to call in! Yes, that’s right! Call us on Skype and ask us questions! It’s like an AMA but with video and audio and things, all broadcast via Twitch. Here’s how it will work: First, tune in to <url>— The Pixelscopic team will do introductions and talk about the current state of the game, and what we are working toward. 2:30-3:00 — Several of our most active forum moderators will call in to ask us questions about the game, and tell us what they think of the recent builds. 3:00-3:50 — every 5 minutes or so we will take a call from one of YOU! Ask us questions about the game, about the team, whatever you want! All you have to do is pick a time slot and call us on Skype at username “pixelscopic”. To sign up for a call slot (and so we know that you’re legit), please add your info to this schedule: <url>#gid=0 3:50-4:00ish — We will take a few last minute rapid-fire calls from anyone who wasn’t able to grab a call slot. This will be a free-for all, so we’ll just take whomever we can. We will also be answering questions on the Twitch chat panel throughout the stream as we can. We’re really excited to try this call-in segment, so please tune in and give us a call! Next Build? So back before Thanksgiving, we mentioned that we would be finishing a new build the following week… but that week has come and gone, and unfortunately the build is still not finished. We’ve been working as hard as ever, so you may be wondering - what’s the hold-up? The most important goal for the upcoming build is to implement at least one example (but probably more) of every single base weapon type, and randomly spawn them for collection and use in the game. This is no simple task; it requires that our weapon skeletons are correctly pulling database info, swapping graphics, and then behaving the way they should… which means that a large quantity of animation files, game code, scripting data, and art all have to be talking to each other. It also means that the entire inventory system, and things like item use count degradation, throwing items out of the inventory, etc. has to be working. In short, this is one of the “motherload” systems that needed to be implemented, and since it touches so many aspects of the game, it was really hard to estimate. So while we are getting very close, it’s still not ready yet. But it will be finished soon, in all of its awesome glory. In the meantime, here’s an animated GIF showing the character cycling through various placeholder weapons - it’s kind of a hack for testing, but isn’t too far off from what you will see in game when it’s finished. With the Thanksgiving break approaching, we thought it might be a good time to whet your holiday appetite with a few snippets of news... First, we’re working on a very cool new build which should be available next week: Weapons Aplenty v0.5.0 Item inventory system Weapon and item system with examples of all 11 weapon families — Swords, Hammers, Flails, Bows, Guns, etc. Note that this will be a slim early version of the full weapon randomization system. Updated and expanded controls and mechanics — pick up and drop items, etc. Revised and improved Shield Dash mechanics Remappable bindings for keyboard and controllers Native cross-platform controller support — including XBox 360, PS3, and PS4 controllers, and more to come. And more! Second, if you’re not already following us on Facebook and Twitter , we would encourage you to do so! We’ve been posting daily-ish updates and bits of Delvers lore. For instance, did you know that in the world of The Drop, a cult of Murk worshippers seek to understand the mysteries of Murk poisoning? Or that Slimes are barely-sentient blobs of spoil bile that seek out and break down any matter they find? If these updates have you asking questions, there’s a whole load of discussions you can participate in on the Pixelscopic Forums ! We answer a lot of questions there, and even bounce ideas back and forth, like what to name one of the world’s races. Don’t forget that we stream at least once a week on our Twitch channel , on Wednesdays at 3pm CST. And finally, for our physical rewards backers at tiers $40, $60, and above, here is a little taste of the postcard that will be coming your way very soon! Have a happy and safe Thanksgiving! Hey everyone! Just wanted to let you know that a new version of the game is up on Humble - it’s Alpha 0.4.2. Change Log: The real jail has been added. Select your character with the Jailer! We added an information splash screen so you can see what build you are playing. Lots of physics/stats tweaking. There are a few new settings options available to tweak (in the settings file): camera mode, lighting mode, and shadows. Information about these can be found in the survivor's guide. Fairly substantial back end work on the collision systems - the game *should*, in theory, perform considerably better than previous version. Forum post about this build: <url>’s a doodle we’re working on for the papercraft Rogue, which many of you will get in the concept art pack when it’s released in a month or so! First of all… Livestream happening NOW! (Thursday 10/10, 4:30 pm CST) <url>… FIXED! Huge apologies about all the confusion earlier today. When we sent the update this morning, the build had indeed been submitted and posted to the Humble Store. However, there was apparently some confusing on our end with updating the access list to include the Beta Backers on the Humble Store. But after a few quick emails, we got it sorted out. (Humble is great to work with by the way!) So in short… go download the game via your Humble Library! And then go patch it! We created a quick patch to solve a few bugs, and improved the character movement properties (which got a little unbalanced right before we sent the builds off). Go here for the relevant Patch details if you already downloaded v0.4.0: <url>… a refresher course if you haven’t claimed the game yet: 1. Go here: <url>“CLAIM THIS PAGE” to add Delver’s Drop to your Humble Library. This will allow you to easily download updated versions as we progress. Now, on to the real purpose of this update: let’s talk about where the game is at, developmentally speaking. ******************************************************************************** A Critical Look + New Developments Through our own play-testing, feedback on our forums, and watching people play the Delver’s Drop at PAX, we’ve come to realize a few things… and have taken a fresh, critical look at where the game is at. Back in August, we talked about being over a month behind in the production schedule, and that we were hopeful to make up some of that lost time. While the game has been getting better day by day, we haven’t really been able to make up nearly as much ground as we would like. So we’re still behind but chugging along — and fortunately since a lot of systems are now in place, progress may speed up slightly in a few areas over the coming months. Schedule After a lot deliberation, we’ve decided to push the entire schedule back to accommodate the design changes we feel are necessary to make Delver’s Drop as good as it should be. Since all of you have early access now, you will be along for the ride, bumpy or smooth as it may be. We realize that delaying the final release may make some of you unhappy, and we apologize. But overall, it seems that most of our backers would prefer for us to take the time to make the best game possible, even if that means there are delays. If you disagree, you are welcome to email us — we *will* respond. So let’s face facts. Based on the issues that we’d like to resolve, and the fact that the features and content are behind, we had to sit down and create a totally new schedule. This includes changes to when features and content will go into the game, when the various versions of the game will be released, and when some physical and digital rewards will be delivered. October–November Existing Feature Polish — We’re going to be putting heavy effort into polishing combat, improving the randomization and level designs, and getting item usage into the game. New Content Schedule — Our plan is to be completing a new zone (with enemies, bosses, etc) approximately every 2-3 weeks starting by mid-November. Physical / Digital Rewards, Wave 1 — including postcards and the digital art pack. December–January 2014 True Beta — Major features will be completed at this point, meaning that the game will be in a more legitimate “Beta” state. We will also publicly announce Open Beta for pre-orders at this time. Physical / Digital Rewards, Wave 2 — We will ship out the smaller swag items, like the pins, stickers, and 8x11” art prints. Spring 2014 Release window for PC / Mac / Linux. Physical / Digital Rewards, Wave 3 — After the game is completed, we will send out the DVD and premium edition boxed copies, along with t-shirts, artbooks, and the remainder of the rewards. Summer 2014 R elease window for iOS, Android, and Ouya. Stretch Goal Features — Local 2-player co-op, local 4-player versus and co-op, and the Labyrinth puzzle mode. ******************************************************************************** Moving Forward While most of the comments we’ve received from players are positive, we think everyone is aware that the game is currently below our personal quality standards, and the level of complexity and nuance we were shooting for. The game is fun, but simple. It is challenging, but maybe not in the right ways. It is randomized, but doesn’t feel uniquely procedurally generated. There are some traps and puzzling interactions, but no fully fleshed out dungeon-exploration puzzle experiences. And there is a large amount of content planned that is way behind schedule. We have started working on several zones, but we have only shown the first one (out of nine). Much of this is simply due to being behind schedule, but some of it needs re-thinking, re-planning, re-estimating, and revision. So what should we do to fix this? This is what we’ve been asking ourselves and working on for the last few weeks, and have a lot of ideas: Fun &amp; Combat Combat has been (and probably still is) somewhat repetitive, without many options beyond hack, hack, hacking away. We have had plans for several different combat mechanics for some time, and are only just now getting them into the game. And from our recent brainstorming sessions, we came up with a few new ideas that we thought would spice up gameplay and offer some more tactical options. A couple of these ideas are present in the current build: we split out Attack and Defend into separate commands, and enabled actual shield blocking. We then fleshed out movement so that when you hold down the Attack button, you move in the slower “Stalking” aiming mode; when holding up the shield, you go into a “Strafing” Defend mode, where your direction is fixed. And finally we added a quick backstep if you tap the Defend button, and a tactical “Shield Dash” if you tap it when running. We plan to do a lot more with these, especially Shield Dash. What if some classes damaged enemies and knocked them across the screen if the dash collides with them? What if others phased straight through enemies and projectiles? We plan to keep working on this and more… Special Abilities anyone? More complex and natural enemy AI? All coming in the future. Randomness &amp; Level Design The intersection of randomization and level design is currently one of the weakest areas of the game. We’ve made hundreds of room variants, each with multiple random aspects, and we’ve spent a considerable amount of time on the generation algorithms. The results are indeed “random” but not in the most effective or noticeable ways. Often times you may have seen a very similar room before, and the rooms themselves feel either oddly empty or overly crowded. There is no strong sense sense of purposeful progress in dungeons, and puzzle elements are far too rare and not fully realized. The level design is incredibly important to the game, and as such, we are planning on putting a lot more effort into getting this right. That begins with evaluating the room design philosophy and generation algorithms at a high level, breaking them down into design “layers,” and coming to conclusions as to why we aren’t currently achieving our goals. We will probably blog and post about this on our forums as we continue to think through and solve these problems. The levels need a stronger hand at the helm (in terms of algorithms) to give them a more defined, yet still loose structure within which randomized layouts can occur. This means creating bottlenecks, intentional backtrack points, loops, etc, as well as important “set piece” rooms where interesting events can occur or treasures can be found. It also means removing pointless dead-ends, and significantly decreasing mandatory backtracking through previously completed rooms. And obviously it means the addition of keys, puzzles, loot, and generally just more interesting exploration. Puzzles, Items, Mystery We are also thinking more about how puzzles should work and interact with the so-far-nonexistent items system. Items like bombs will obviously be fun to use offensively when we get them in (coming soon!), but we want to achieve something much more interesting and nuanced than this. So we’ve been taking a hard look at the pieces we have to work with — in the game systems we already have present, those that are planned, the lore we’ve been working on, and the elemental and magic effects systems we’d like to develop. Basically it’s a gargantuan multi-dimensional matrix of complexity that needs to get boiled down into silly things like “keys” and “puzzle mechanics,” which can generally be used to make a fun dungeon exploration game. The general idea is that every dungeon will have some elemental (or physical / mechanical) ability that is made available by items and room objects, and the way these interact. Our first example of this is the pipes and steam vents that occur in Zone 1. Each zone will add new wrinkles to the system, either adding a new element mechanic or a new set of objects to use those mechanics on. So if you use fire to melt ice in Zone 2, you will then be able to set fire to wooden objects in Zone 3, and scorch plants (which may then grow back after a few seconds) in Zone 4. We want this system to produce a lot of interesting opportunities for unpredictability, and create opportunities for inventively solving puzzles based on the items you happen to have with you as you explore. Bosses? Secrets? NPCs? Story? Yes, all of these are still planned. We won’t bore you with the details and ideas now, but will instead bore you in future updates, or on the forums! :) The above design changes are no small lot and to refactor the necessary systems and implement the new ideas is going to require a pretty serious amount of effort on our part. We are up for that challenge but there are some consequences that must be discussed. ******************************************************************************** It has been a goal of ours to be as transparent and involving in the development process as possible, and we hope that you all feel we have done a good job keeping all of you up to speed on both our progress and frustrations, successes and failures. The most important thing to us has always been (and continues to be) making the best game we are able to make. We are still fully committed to this, and if the feedback we’ve been receiving is any indication, we are on the right track… it’s just a slightly slower track than we had originally estimated. Until next time, catch us on the forums! ******************************************************************************** ******************************************************************************** One last teensy little thing: Kickstarter congrats and suggested campaigns! There are some congratulations in order for Kickstarter campaigns that we’ve been following: Hyper Light Drifter Might No. 9 Shantae: Half-Genie Hero And a few other campaigns you should check out below! Indie Statik — Amazing Indie-game coverage: <url>— By the maker of some awesome 8/16-bit style RPGs (Cthulhu Saves the World, etc.): <url>— A very cool looking Earthbound-ish RPG: <url>— Very pretty game in the vein of Wind Waker: <url>— From the supporters of our most local-ish IGDA: <url>… You now have access to the game, as well as the private forum boards! ***EDIT*** It seems that something is going on with the Beta Backer list, and access may not yet be updated on the Humble Store. We are looking into resolving the problem, and if you don't already have access, you should have it soon. ************ We’ve posted a Survival Guide with information on controls and how to play, in order to help players get up to speed with the game in its current state. You can view/download the guide here: <url>’s new and different in this version, and can be found on the forums here: <url>’s how it works: 1. Go here: <url>“CLAIM THIS PAGE” to add Delver’s Drop to your Humble Library. This will allow you to easily download updated versions as we progress. To register for the forums for the first time: 1. Go to the forums: <url>’re just going to play the current build for a while, talk about the how and why of some of the new additions and answer any questions you all might have. We’re also doing more livestreams in general and you can find our current schedule here: <url>… but we have also taken a step back from this daily grind of development, and been reviewing all of the feedback we’ve received about the game. Between the Alpha backers, our own internal reviews, and the feedback from PAX Prime players, we have had a lot of information and critiques to evaluate. In the next update, we will go into more detail about how we plan to improve the game. But for now suffice it to say that we are working on plans to significantly enhance gameplay and better structure our workflow and schedule. We’ve been expending a lot of thought and effort tackling the design and planning to make it happen, and are nearing the point to begin the refactoring and implementation work required to make Delver’s Drop the best game possible — the game that got all of you (and us) excited in the first place. This evaluation process has taken a decent amount of time, which is the reason for the slight delay on the v0.40 build. We are grateful for the vast amount of feedback we’ve received so far and are excited to unleash the Beta Backers into the Drop, and hear all about their love / hate / intrigue / despair through our forums. Ultimately, producing the best game possible is the most important thing for us, and we think that the next update will shed some light on our current thoughts, and give you a great opportunity to agree, disagree, and share thoughts of your own. ...to be continued soon! Private "Early Access" Forums Since we are still in the Alpha phase and will be for a bit longer (more about that in the next update as well), we’ve altered the structure of the forums a little bit. The private “Alpha” forum has been merged with what would have been the private “Closed Beta” forum to become a combined “Early Access” forum. We’ve gone ahead and flipped the switch and all Backers at $15+ should now have access to this board: <url>“Alpha” but it is indeed available for all Early Access backers.) Feel free to poke around and see what everyone has said about the game so far, and then let us know what you think! There are boards and threads dedicated to bug reporting, general feedback, requests and suggestions… whatever you want to chat about. Most newly registered users should gain access to the private forums within one hour of signing up, but if you can’t seem to gain access to the private forum board, just email us at <email> and we’ll fix it for you. As always, the forums are the best place to leave feedback and contribute to the development of the game. We welcome comments and questions below, but for true in-depth discussions, the forums are the place to be. Thanks again for all of your support! We shall be in touch again soon. Sorry for the slow updates! The last few weeks have been very busy between heavy development, Penny Arcade Expo in Seattle, and… well just keep reading :) Steam Greenlight SUCCESS! Most of you have probably already heard by now, but if not… We were accepted onto Steam Greenlight! When Delver’s Drop is released, all $15+ backers will receive a Steam key! During our epic / exhausting road trip to Seattle in a rental van, we were somewhere in the neverending Montana wilderness (or was it Wyoming?) when we got the email that Delver’s Drop had received the Greenlight from Valve and would be accepted onto Steam. We were floating between number 11 and 14 on Greenlight before the massive batch of accepted games, so we knew that it was just a matter of time. But it was a pretty awesome surprise nonetheless! When Coby told the news to Baker (in a road-weary haze) he said something incredulous, like “Wait, who greenlit us? Greenlit for what? Oh… you mean… *that* Greenlight?” So what exactly does that mean for all of our backers? We will be working with the Valve and the Humble Store folks to get you all Steam keys which will be available from your Humble Store download page. The Steam keys will not be available until the game is released, unless we are allowed to participate in the Early Access program. We will keep you all up to date on how that situation progresses. PAX Prime 2013 We are now back, and (mostly) recovered from the trip to PAX and back again. This was the 3rd time we have exhibited at PAX and this was our biggest participation yet: we had a slightly bigger booth with two stations set up to play the game. As such, we had many more people try out the game this time, and received a lot of very good feedback. Check out the photos at the end of this update! The feedback from watching and listening to people play for 8 hours a day over 4 days straight (combined with your feedback on the forums), has given us a very large frame of reference on the things that need to be changed, polished, added, and axed. We’ve actually started a couple of threads on the forum asking for direct opinions on several aspects of the game, so if you are an Alpha Backer and haven’t seen those threads yet, please give them a read and let us know what you all think! <url>— this link will only work for $25+ Backers, but all $15+ Backers will get access soon! We also started accepting pre-orders for the game; we’ve had many people ask about this over the last few months and have finally made it available although we’ve not officially announced it yet. More info coming soon! The pre-orders will gain access to the Open Beta sometime in October, after backers have had plenty of time with Early Access. New Build - v0.3.8 We’ve just submitted Alpha Build v0.3.8 to the Humble Store, so it should be available by around Monday afternoon. This is technically a minor build update, but since a lot of you haven’t been downloading minor versions from the forums, we decided to send this one out to the Humble Store. It is very important that you UNINSTALL the previous version you have installed before installing this version. There is an issue with the install override that manifests on certain machines and causes very, very strange errors. The detailed build notes for this build can be found on the forums here: <url>’t have a firm release date yet for this version, but the general timeline is within the next two weeks. We will also be giving $15+ backers access to the closed “Early Access” section of the forums (formerly just called “Alpha”). We’ll send out more details when the 0.4.0 release is ready. And finally... PAX PHOTOS! Our booth at PAX, before the show started. Fancy gold tablecloths partially covered in coin-like sequins! Next time we hope to have tables made out of actual gold coins. And the crowds arrive! The two-TV setup was really nice this time around. Judging by how many postcards and buttons disappeared over the course of the show, it was probably our best turnout so far. Team photos! Top Left: Burrell chats with a cool dude and lady. Top Right: Coby tries to will the camera into disintegrating so his picture won't get taken. Bottom Left: Nathan Lee (our composer and general master o' sounds) made the trip up from California to help show off the game! Bottom Right: Weird artsy angled shot of Baker, possibly taken on accident. As always, thank you all very much for hanging with us! As always, feel free to send us an email or stop by the forums and let us know what you think. We would really appreciate your comments on the Alpha at <url>“Rogue Magick” v0.3.2 for Windows and Mac OSX, and it is now available for Alpha Backers through the Humble Store - with 100% more steam pipes! The build is definitely rough around the edges, short on polish, and with bugs aplenty, but it has a decent bit of new content and functionality. It’s also built on the new content pipeline processes we’ve been developing, and will serve as the foundation for (much more easily) adding features, art, enemies, levels, and eventually releasing the final game with excellent performance and stability. PLEASE READ! Right now the game has one zone and two characters, but is lacking inventory, random items, and bosses. There are more build details available on this forum thread: <url>’s Different? RogueMagick v0.3.2 is *considerably* different than the PAX East demo we released to Alpha backers — almost everything has either been updated or done anew to accommodate bigger and better game systems and for much improved performance in the long term. Inventory items present in the PAX build will be coming back to the Alpha very soon. Give Us Feedback! We’ve already received a ton of feedback and bug reports which is awesome. If you’ve got some feedback to share and /or find some ugly bugs, please don’t hesitate to post them in the forums! We read every piece of feedback and have integrated the bugs board into our bug tracking processes, so don’t miss out on your chance to help us improve the game! One More Note: The current builds are now around 30 MB, as opposed to the earlier PAX East build, which was 95 MB. This is normal! Even though we added a lot more content, we optimized our textures and content pipeline like crazy, hence the decrease in file size. Release Schedule Per the original plan, we will now be submitting major builds every 2-3 weeks to the Humble Store. We will also be posting direct patches/hotfixes in the Alpha forums (and later Beta forums). These builds effectively mark our entry into the Alpha phase of development, where features and content will be coming online much more quickly. Very exciting times! Unfortunately, it took us a full 6 weeks longer than expected to get to this point and as a result, we are going to make some changes to the original schedule: Alpha Backer Release: NOW! Beta Backer Release: End of August / Beginning of September Open Beta Period: Begins in October Release: December So while the Alpha has unfortunately been released rather late, we’re going to try to ease the pain on Beta backers. The true “Beta” phase of development (when we’re done with features but still adding some content + polish) won’t begin until closer to October... But in the meantime, we want to let Beta backers in on the fun as soon as the Alpha backers have had plenty of time to enjoy their Kickstarter spoils. And finally, because it’s taken us this long to get a lot of the content pipeline hammered out and the engine up to snuff, the Linux version won’t be coming this month. We are almost to the point where we can begin the actual work on it, but it probably won’t be available until October-ish. We still love you, Linux users! We just can't quite afford to put a ring on it this month. PAX Prime 2013 And finally, we will be returning for this year’s PAX Prime, letting the masses give Delver’s Drop a whirl! (or a stab, or a slash, or whatever). If you will be in Seattle for this year’s show, you should come by and introduce yourself. You may already have the version of the game we will be showing off, but it’s always fun to demonstrate your Delvers prowess to the general public :) We’ll give you more details on our booth location as the expo approaches! Well, crap. There are still some kinks to work out in the Alpha build, so it is not yet submitted to the Humble Store, and we are going to miss the submission deadline to get it published today. We are truly sorry — it’s not been from a lack of effort, but rather poor estimates and unexpected bugs on our end. A lot of things have been going really well, but a few things have taken much longer than expected. We’re actually very close, but that final 10% always takes more effort than you originally expect. In spite of all that, we really want to give our Alpha backers something to play this weekend. So in the meantime, we have submitted the earlier PAX East demo to the Humble Store, and it should be available shortly. Please note that this build is now a few months old, only features Endless Drop mode (no continuous dungeon layouts), and only the Rogue is playable. This is a similar build to the one that you would have seen on YouTube and our previous livestreams. While it is quite out of date, it’s still fun to play around with and get a taste for the game and we hope it will tide you over until we get you something a bit meatier. There are more details about the build available on the forums. On Monday, we will still host our Twitch.tv livestream at 1pm CST, and will show the new build in its current state at that time. Ideally we will also submit it to Humble on Monday, but since we’ve already postponed it twice (sorry again), it’s probably safest to commit to a loose “next week” for the new build to be in your hands. Thank you as always for your patience. We currently accept encouragement and morale boosts in the form of pizza, coffee, and angry shouting. Howdy Backers! (Especially Alpha Backers!) Tomorrow (Friday July 12) we will be submitting our very first Alpha build exclusively for Alpha Backers ($25 and up), called “Rogue Magic v0.3.0”. We’ll probably upload it later in the day as we continue to work on bug fixes. Since this is our first time distributing through the Humble Store, we are unsure of the turn around time from when we submit the build to them and when it is available to download. We will, however, send out another brief message once the build is available. If you keep on the look-out, you might even see it before us. PLATFORMS : Tomorrow’s build is going to be Windows only. We will send the first Mac OSX build on Tuesday (July 16) as we are still working through some technical issues for that platform. Apologies for the inconvenience. LIVESTREAM : On Monday (7/15) we will be having a livestream over on our Twitch channel at 1 pm CST (GMT -6) playing the build and talking about some of the things that are in, the things that aren’t, and what features and content will be going into the next build. <url>’t signed up for the forums yet, you won’t have access to this private board until we run the update script again, which we will probably do each day for the next few days to pick up any late registrations. Please check out this thread on the forums for more details and information about Rogue Magic v0.3.0 as well as other general information. BUILD NOTES Rogue Magic v0.3.0 Current Level of Feature Completion: 30% Current Level of Content Completion: 10% Content Included Rogue &amp; Sorcerer Jail (50%) Zone 1 (80%) Primary Features NOT Included In This Build Randomized Weapon System Experience and Character Leveling Special Character Abilities NPCs / Stores / Narrative Systems Undelvers Front End Menus Boss System Endless Drop Mode Companion Mode 4 Player Modes Humble Store The behinds-the-scene work for getting our Kickstarter and Paypal backers integrated into the Humble Store has been completed. (Many thanks to Shannon and Melinda @ Humble Bundle!) Backers should now be able to retrieve their Delver's Drop download page from the Humble Store and claim it for your Humble Library. To do so, simply use the key resender and enter the "preferred email" you sent to us. Depending on what tier you backed Delver's Drop, you will get one of 3 download pages: $15 tier page, $25 tier page, or the $30+ tiers page. Each page will eventually have the downloads and/or codes that come with your respective tier. Any reward that is not listed on your download page will be fulfilled directly by us to you. If you have any trouble with getting your download page, send us an email via <email> and we will get you sorted. A Big Thank You Without all of your support, Delver's Drop would not be where it is today. We are extremely grateful to be bringing you the best game we possibly can. To proclaim our profound gratitude to the public at large we've put up our backers credits page on the website! Reminder: Robot &lt;3 Kitty Greenlight Supershow Just as a reminder to all our fantastic backers, we've got the Robot &lt;3 Kitty (creators of Legend of Dungeon ) Greenlight Supershow coming up on June 29th. We will be in the 7PM (EST / GMT -5) timeslot. According to them the Supershow was created to "bring the developers and the players together in an unprofessional fun-time BONANZA," and I don't know about you but we love a good fun-time bonanza when one comes our way. So, we hope we see you there on Saturday! First Alpha Build Delay As you all know we were scheduled to release Alpha Build 1 "Rogue Magic" on June 29th after the Supershow. Despite cranking away at all hours of the night, it became obvious this weekend that some core systems would not be ready in time for that delivery date. This is a huge disappointment for us, as we have been excited (and nervous) to get the first version of the game into your hands. We are also aware this is likely a huge disappointment for most of you and we are extremely bummed about the delay. Looking at what we need to finish and how the calendar lines up, we've decided to move the first Alpha build back almost two weeks, to July 12th. This extra time should help us finish the most important aspects for the first build and give us some additional time for some refinement and testing. In general, this moves our entire schedule for the game back 2 weeks, however we are hopeful that we can make up some time between now and release since the largest and most complex systems have already been overhauled. For those of you interested in the more granular details of the development, we've spent a large amount of time refactoring the foundations of the game and adding in support for more advanced tools. You can read about a lot of those details in the TIGSource Devlog. The core combat mechanics have also been greatly enhanced recently as we strive to allow for the most variety possible from weapon permutations, as well as keeping the focus on skill-based gameplay. The large remaining tasks before we can send out the first Alpha build are finishing, testing, and refining the randomization systems (both for the dungeons and for the items/weapons) and finishing all of the new animations for the Rogue and the Sorcerer. Over the next week, we'll post some videos to the forums demonstrating some of these new and awesome features. Thank you very much for you patience and again, apologies for the delay. We are confident that we are on the right path to making Delver's Drop an amazing experience and will continue to work our hardest to get the game into your hands. Distribution We are excited to announce that we have partnered with the Humble Store (from the fine folks who run the Humble Bundle) for direct distribution of Delver’s Drop. What does this mean? Once we have uploaded the Alpha (and later Beta) builds to the Humble Store, we will send a message to the applicable reward tiers with a link that you can use to redeem Delver’s Drop through the Humble Store. The email that you provided in the survey will be the email used to redeem the game through the Humble Store. For those of you who have not filled out the survey, you will have to use the email that we have on file from Kickstarter (or Paypal.) As we make new builds, you can use the Humble Store to download the latest versions, up to the final Release version and beyond. The PC, Mac, Linux, and Android versions, and the OST will all eventually be available for direct download DRM-free via the Humble Store when they are released. You will also get your iOS and Ouya codes via the Humble Store and if/when the game is on Steam, you’ll receive a Steam redemption code as well. We chose to partner with the Humble Store for several important reasons: They are really awesome folks! They were super helpful and very flexible with us, which was a huge help when considering how to distribute Kickstarter reward downloads. Easy and consistent distribution; a better experience than we could otherwise provide on our own. Unified Kickstarter distribution + direct orders (later) = saves us a lot of time that we can spend on the game instead. Ability to provide all of the info / downloads for all platforms in one place. Humble Store Accounts: If you don’t already have a Humble Store account, you can create one here: <url>“preferred email address” that you entered in your survey, otherwise you will not be able to add Delver’s Drop to your Humble Library. Private Forum Access To access the private Alpha/Beta sections of our forums ( <url>“preferred email address” in the survey to be the same that used for your forum account creation. We will be enabling the private forums soon, so if you haven’t filled out your survey please do so ASAP. In other words, your “preferred email address” must be the same for: Your “preferred email” survey response Your Humble Store account email Your Pixelscopic forum account email Apologies for any inconvenience regarding this; when we sent out the surveys we didn't have the direct distributor locked in yet, otherwise we would have mentioned this previously. What if they don’t match? We do have the ability to manually make any changes should something be incorrect, so fret not; just send us an email explaining what needs to change: <email> What about other distribution services? We will be using the Humble Store for fulfilling our Kickstarter distributions and for our direct sales, but we are still pursuing other options for release distribution such as Desura, GOG, Gamer’s Gate, and of course we are still plugging away on Greenlight for Steam. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Robot &lt;3 Kitty Greenlight Supershow We have been invited to participate in a livestream with the great duo over at Robot &lt;3 Kitty, creators of Legend of Dungeon . This will happen on Saturday, June 29th. The event will feature a variety of developers who currently have games on Greenlight. We had the chance to hang out with Calvin and Alix at PAX East a bit and they are a lot of fun, so we are definitely looking forward to the show! We haven’t been assigned a specific time slot yet (the show runs from 11:00 am to 11:59 pm Eastern Time / GMT -5) but once we know, we will post that information. There is another interesting thing about June 29th... --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Alpha Access On Saturday, June 29, right after our segment on the Supershow ends (or perhaps even during) we’ll be posting the first Alpha build for all Alpha Backers ($25+ tier) to download! How will I get it? You will download it on the Humble Store as mentioned above, and then you are ready to rock! How do I play it? On your PC or Mac of course! We will include some brief information about how to play the game and the forums will also have some information that you can check out. As mentioned during the Kickstarter campaign, the first Linux builds will be later (sometime in August), but from that point on the Linux versions will be in lock step with PC / Mac until Release. What is Alpha? Alpha is an industry term that usually means that a game is quite playable but incomplete and unfinished. The June 29th build will be the first Alpha build, so it will be even more incomplete and unfinished than the final Alpha build will be. What will be in this build? The first Alpha build will be highly playable, but contain only a portion of the game’s overall content. You will be able to select between the Rogue or Sorcerer classes and explore (and die in) the 4 levels of the first zone, The Chill. Many features will be present, some will be broken, and others may be missing entirely. I pledged at $30+, so I should get 2 copies of the game. Does this apply to Alpha? No. You will not get 2 copies of the Alpha build, as mentioned on the Kickstarter page. However, you will get 2 copies of all upcoming Beta builds. When we can expect the next build? Or the Beta builds? Below is the tentative build schedule we have set out for major builds, covering up until the first Beta build in early August. In between major builds, we will likely make several minor builds - most often for hot-fixes on particularly bad bugs/errors. We have also come up with code names for these builds (in italics ) so they’re easier to remember and distinguish than with pure version numbers. 06/29/2013 — Alpha: “ Rogue Magic ” 07/12/2013 — Alpha: “ Brute Danger ” 07/26/2013 — Alpha: “ Wild Tale ” 08/09/2013 — Beta: “ Stealth Secret ” Why does the schedule only go to August 9th? The month of August is very crazy this year! Between the first Beta build(s) and PAX Prime, it becomes really difficult to accurately plan so far in advance because PAX is always a bag of surprises. It is our plan to release the 2nd Beta build before PAX Prime but it may not be possible. During August, we will release the remaining build schedule leading up to the final Release in October. How will the demo updates work? The game will try and ping our server when you start it up to see if there is a new build available. If there is, it will show a simple message and then you can download the new version from the Humble Store. Old builds will still work for some time after a new version is released, but eventually we will probably force you to update to the newest version for sanity’s sake. So I have to be connected to the internet to play??? No, of course not :) If you are not connected to the internet - nothing will happen. You won’t get new version notifications, but you can still play the game as you would please. But it’s obviously beneficial to you (and to us) if you’re always playing the newest version. Can I write a preview, upload gameplay to YouTube, or livestream the Alpha Builds? Yes, with a catch or three. We want our users to enjoy the game (and help others enjoy it). This means that you have our permission to show it around in your corner of the internet. But we do have a few requests: Be clear that you are playing an “Early Alpha” build of the game. It is not representative of the final game in terms of features, game mechanics, content, or quality. To help with the above (and to help everyone keep track of which version they are playing), we’ll be putting a “watermark” in the corner of the screen stating something like “Alpha: [Build Name] [Version Number].” This will not obstruct gameplay. We ask that you don’t try to crop or edit this watermark out in any screenshots or videos. Please make the assumption that since this version is not finished, the final quality of the game will (hopefully) be improved — and further assume that your input can help us improve that quality! Feel free to share your early opinions online, but if you want to contribute to improving quality or need to make a complaint or a bug/crash report, we ask that you give us feedback through the forums. These forums allow us to track these issues and feedback much more effectively, and respond directly to critiques. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- We need your surveys! If you haven’t turned in your survey responses, please, PLEASE do so! Just look in your Kickstarter inbox for a message about Surveys from Pixelscopic. We have received probably 95% or more of your responses, but that still leaves a lot of you that we haven’t heard from! The sooner we get your information, the easier reward fulfillment will be :) --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Custom / Unique Digital Rewards Soon we will be sending out the forms/questionnaires for the more custom digital rewards (such as naming an item/power-up, NPC likeness, enemy design.) So be on the look out for that message! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- One last note: Since we are in the guts of heavy development right now, we are going to hold off on doing the next livestream until after the Alpha build goes out. The Greenlight Supershow at the end of this month should be really awesome though, and we hope you'll join in and enjoy the game with Robot &lt;3 Kitty and us, as well as the other games that they will be streaming. Thanks for doing all of that reading! We know this was a long one, but hopefully we’ve answered (almost) every question that could come up regarding Alpha distribution. If we missed something, hit us up in the comments, on our forums, in a direct message, or at <email>! Here's the moment you've all been waiting for... We've tallied the votes (from Kickstarter and Paypal backers $25 and up) and have the results for the three classes that will appear in the base game (out of 6 choices). Each voter was able to submit 3 votes (which could be the same or different classes). So without further ado... The winners are: 1. Assassin 2. Elementalist 3. Beastkeeper For details on these classes, please see our previous update here: <url>’t responded to the survey yet, just check your messages (see the envelope icon) on Kickstarter. Remember to VOTE! If you are at the $25 tier and up, remember that the voting deadline for the character classes is TOMORROW, May 1. You can submit your surveys later than this, but unfortunately we won’t be able to count your votes toward the 3 classes after the deadline. If you missed the character class list, you can read more in our last update (#21): <url>’re voting for (out of 6 choices) + 1 bonus class added to everyone’s game by our $2000 backer + 1 Kickstarter class for tiers $50+ We’re happy to finally announce the “bonus” class, chosen by our most generous backer, along with the Kickstarter class! If you have any questions about the latter (and how you can get it), more information appears in the last section of this update: <url>’S CHOICE: Musketeer Class Weapon: Firearms - rudimentary guns that fire bullets, shot, and other projectiles. Charge Attack: Mortar Shot - arcs a short distance and causes area-of-effect explosive damage. Special Ability: Blunderblast - Charge up this ability by picking up debris (rocks, wood fragments, even some items or weapons) and then fire them as a massive scattershot. Trained as much in the alchemist's shop as in the marksman's arts, Musketeers are experts in the art of creating explosives. Their guild originally focused on the design and craft of canonry, but the Musketeers have slowly become mere mercenary guards. They pride themselves on their high level of skill with their often imprecise and idiosyncratic weapons. KICKSTARTER CLASS: Harlequin Class Weapon: Contraptions - gadgetry that springs forward to hit enemies with a huge variety of attachments. Charge Attack: Ricochet - fires the contraption’s attachment which bounces from one enemy to the next before returning. Special Ability: Mirage - creates one or more magical mirages of the Harlequin which cause effects (explosions? ice? poison?) on contact. Performers and jokesters with a penchant for trickery, Harlequins are mysterious figures that hide behind masques and vivid clothing. Skilled in the use of hidden gags (and weapons), they deal in misdirection, magical illusions, sometimes even poison and other devious skills. A Harlequins' only form of speech is laughter — they communicate with others through pantomime. And remember that this class will have multiple bonus costumes for backers $50 and above! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Livestream – now on Twitch.tv! As promised, we’ll be doing at least one livestream a month, and these will now occur on Twitch at <url>’re happy to be a part of the Twitch community, and hope that you enjoy seeing our bearded faces there every 30 days or so. Our next livestream will be on Thursday, May 9 @ 2PM CDT (GMT -5) . Most importantly, we'll be discussing the classes that won the vote. But we’ll also show a bit about how our toolchain works, how we design rooms, and the awesomeness of Texture Packer. And as always we'll be taking questions about the gameplay, modding, etc. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Forums - chat with us! <url>’ve been incredibly happy with our forum participation so far! With almost 1,000 registered members and over 3,000 posts, our little community is turning into a not-so little (and not so quiet) venue for discussing everything from Delver’s Drop mechanics to literature. Thank you to everyone who has helped to make it such a vibrant community. For those of you who haven’t checked it out yet, it’s only fair to let you know that we often leak bits of information like old concept art, details about our scrapped game ideas, and even bug videos for Delver’s Drop. So if you want the entire scoop, come chat with us! Thanks for reading, and we’ll be in touch again soon! Greetings friends! It’s been a few since we’ve posted an update because we’ve been busy prepping some exciting new stuff. Without further adieu let’s dive right in... Forums We’re excited to announcement that the Pixelscopic / Delver’s Drop forums are now open to the public! You can register at: <url>’re rather barren at the moment; consider them fertile grounds for you to grow a garden of conversation. We’ll be posting more there soon and will be using it as the primary method for interacting with the community going forward. We’re really looking forward to chatting with you all in more depth as we make the journey to launch together. On another note, we’ve received several pieces of fan art that would be great to post in the forums. If you have submitted fan art to us before, please register for the forums and re-post them on the Fan Art board — we’d do it ourselves, but we want you to get the credit for it :) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Surveys Very soon every backer will be getting a survey for info related to your reward(s). This may include everything from the name you want listed in the credits, to your preferred email address, to shipping address. IMPORTANT: The email address you provide in the survey about reward info will need to match the email address you use to register on the forums. This is so that we can properly grant Alpha/Beta access, and their exclusive forum area(s). Due to Kickstarter's process we can only send one survey per tier so we’re going to have to collect all information up front, even though it will still be some time before we send physical rewards out. Keep in touch through <email> if you need to change any information after the fact! There are a few questions at higher tiers that we will ask via email — specifically if you are featured in the game as an NPC or are submitting other in-game content ideas. But anyway (and most importantly), the moment we've all been waiting for... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Classes We’re excited to announce the six classes we’ve sketched out for backers to vote on for inclusion into the game! (You can vote if you're at the $25 tier or above). We’ve listed below our current concepts regarding each class’s backstory, weapon, and general mechanics. But these are subject to change based on further development, testing, and Alpha/Beta player feedback. Out of these 6 proposed classes, you will be able to vote for 3 in the backer survey, and we’ll take the top 3 classes for inclusion in the game! Everyone gets these classes in their game at launch. So the characters in total are: 3 base classes (Rogue, Sorcerer, Gladiator) + 3 extra classes you’re voting for (out of 6 choices) + 1 bonus class added to everyone’s game by our $2000 backer + 1 Kickstarter “exclusive” class (remember it’s share-able!) for some tiers = 8 total classes We’ll be announcing those last 2 classes in our next update, along with the results of your vote for the 3 extra classes! So what happens to any classes that don’t get voted into the game? And why only do 3 out of the 6 ideas we have? Well each class takes a LOT of time to develop — doing the art for all 8 facing directions, plus animation, plus weapons and effects... and then doing the programming / scripting / balancing to make the class work in the game. There is a chance we could someday add the other class ideas in an update or expansion to the game if there is enough interest and support after the game is released. Or we might even add other classes too, who knows! Remember, you’ll get 3 votes in the survey we send out — and yes, you can use all three to vote for the same class if you really, really, really want to make sure it gets added. A few quick notes on the general mechanics involved in classes: Each class has a preferred weapon type which can be equipped for permanent use. Classes can use weapons other than their preferred type, but only for a limited number of attacks. A class’s Charge Attack results after holding down the attack button for a specified amount of time and then releasing. A class’s Special Ability is charged over time through various unique mechanics — these are currently TBD for all classes, but examples may include collecting gold, killing enemies, running at top speed, etc. The ability itself is activated by a separate button when the meter is charged. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Bard Class Weapon: Instruments (shoot musical sound waves) Charge Attack: Randomized Multishot Special Ability: Random effects on all enemies in room (debuffs, confusion, stuns, etc.) Usually cheery in demeanor, Bards live for performance and praise. They have a reputation of manipulating others with the magic of their music — causing joy and despair, love and fear, or even confusion to get what they want. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Templar Class Weapon: Spears Charge Attack: Dash Attack Special Ability: Temporary Invulnerability + Regeneration A once-noble order of guardians, Templars have all but forgotten what they were once tasked to defend. Honorable yet desperate and lonely, they've taken to menial jobs and mercenary work to scrape by. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Beastkeeper Class Weapon: Whips Charge Attack: Intimidating Lash (knocks enemies back and keeps them at a distance) Special Attack: Summon Stampede Beastkeepers possess a heightened attunement to animal life and have a healthy respect for the power of natural creatures. They have been known to tame beast companions through little-understood inherited magic, and have enhanced abilities to summon mystical companion pets. (Think 2-player Companion Mode!) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Huntsman Class Weapon: Bows Charge Attack: Rapid Fire / Spread Shot Special Attack: Place Traps (immobilize and damage enemies) Huntsmen are stoic, precise, and master tacticians and trackers. Living for the thrill of the hunt, these stalkers care more about the fur and meat of their quarry than admiring any sort of beauty or power of the prey they kill. Rely on setting the field to their advantage before a battle. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Assassin Class Weapon: Dual Blades Charge Attack: Spin attack with thrown projectiles Special Ability: Invisibility + Speed Boost Consummate professionals, Assassins are trained killers with a loyalty tied only to their contract. Despite their grim trade, Assassins are largely amoral and view killing as their job — one that demands their skills be honed to deadly sharpness. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Elementalist Class Weapon: Staves (mid-range elemental magic) Charge Attack: Area of effect blast Special Attack: Wildfire (randomly snaking elemental streams) Elementalists are blessed (or cursed) with the ability to draw out and direct the raw power of their surroundings. Often treated as dangerous outcasts because their abilities can manifest randomly, they are spurned by most towns, thrown in prison, or simply killed... but those in power respect and rely on their skills. They tend to live in the wilderness for obvious reasons. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Planned Future Updates We’re developing a tentative schedule for updates in various locations to keep in contact with everyone as development on Delver’s Drop progresses. Below is a list of updates and outlets that we plan to use in the coming weeks and months: Weekly devlog on TIGSource Bi-weekly (once every two weeks) Kickstarter and blog post updates Monthly livestream Q&amp;As near the end of the month Monthly newsletter updates ( sign up here! ) And as always we love chatting on Twitter and Facebook ! That’s it for now! Surveys requesting info about your specific reward tier (and notably asking for your class votes) will be going out in the next week or so. Let us know if you have questions through the comments below, or by emailing <email>... but we also hope to hear from you on our forums! PayPal Extension Ended Last night, we ended the PayPal expansion of our campaign. Here is the final breakdown of the numbers: Kickstarter Pledges: $150,745 Kickstarter Backers: 4,534 PayPal Pledges: $5,051 PayPal Backers: 149 TOTAL PLEDGES: $155,796 TOTAL BACKERS: 4,683 Thanks to all of you once again for the tremendous amount of support. This is the first update where all of the PayPal backers have been looped in, so a hearty welcome! Now it’s time to dig into the details and get things moving forward! ========================================================= PAX East Conquered As you all probably know, we exhibited Delver’s Drop at PAX East this past weekend in Boston. This was the second PAX we were fortunate enough to exhibit in and the fourth time we’ve publicly demoed the game. The booth was busy virtually the entire time, and unlike PAX Prime, there was rarely a moment that the game wasn’t being played. It was great to meet many of you and all the other folks who stopped by! All set up before Day 1, taking a short break before the insanity begins. A taste of the physical item swag some of you will get with your pledge (only bigger and better for backers!), or you can grab some if you visit us this fall at PAX Prime. Visitors on Day 2. A shot of the Indie Megabooth (see the sign on the left). Look at those crowds! You might be interested to know that we had a visit by Jerry Holkins (aka Tycho, the writer of Penny Arcade). He came by at the end of day 2, and seemed to enjoy his few minutes of play time before he ran off to a panel. It was really fun to meet him, and to know that he’d heard of the game. We also had a record holder for PAX who survived 23 rooms of Endless Drop mode! You can see a group photo of us with him (in the glasses.) We also had a Kickstarter backer get to Room 21, falling just short of having the weekend's best run. Delver’s Drop was also one of 13 games to be selected for Warp Zoned PAXpocolypse Best of 2013 award! Here is the full list. ========================================================= Development Details via Destructoid Just prior to leaving for PAX, we had the opportunity to chat with Jason Cabral of Destructoid. Over the course of a couple of hours we discussed the early ideas of Delver’s Drop, its evolution to the current form, how the art style was conceived, and many other details. If you are interested in learning more about the game from its earliest stages you should give the following articles a read. There is also a lot of artwork that has never previously been released to the public. Part 1 — Delver’s Drop Began as a Mash-up of Zelda and Pinball Part 2 — High Definition and Sexy: Pixelscopic on Choosing 2D ========================================================= The Road Ahead In the next couple of weeks we will be sending out surveys to all backers who purchased any physical goods to get their preferred mailing addresses, T-Shirt sizes, etc. We’re also working on finishing up the initial art for all of the character classes so the voting process can begin. Be on the lookout for those emails! Since we’ve returned from PAX, Ryan Burrell has been working diligently to get our new forums up and running. The forums will be a great place to discuss the game, look up FAQs, chat with other enthusiastic delvers, and will also serve as our central location for issue tracking once we begin releasing the Alphas and Betas this Summer. Our goal is to have the forums up and running smoothly by the end of next week. We’ve all finally recovered from various forms of PAX Plague and are diving back into the development of the game with renewed vigor, and renewed inspiration. The next few weeks will see lots of internal improvements and standardization of data elements as we finalize systems, implement missing features, add new tools to the pipeline, and move toward the heaps of content generation in front of us. To keep you in the loop as we go along, we’d like some feedback: How often would you like us to post updates here on Kickstarter? Weekly? Bi-weekly? Monthly? These will usually contain some details about development, but also our progress on the schedule and reward fulfillment. We’ll post additional details to our own blog. We’d like to share concept art, videos, and other visual pretties with you as we go. Do you prefer those to be posted on our Pixelscopic blog, encapsulated within Kickstarter updates, or posted in our forums? We’ve been tossing around the idea of doing a livestream each month; is there substantial interest in that or would they lose their magical luster if we did them that often? Or maybe that isn’t often enough? Please let us know what comments, concerns, and questions you may have! We want to do our best to keep the development of Delver’s Drop engaging and exciting for all of you. Thanks once again and ciao for now! ========================================================= Heyo Delvers! Wanted to shoot you a quick update on a couple nifty things: ========================================================= Greenlight Yargh! Delver’s Drop be on Greenlight ! We’ve been climbing steadily through the ranks, but we need your help to crack the ceiling! If you haven’t yet, please up-vote Delver’s Drop on its Greenlight page . There’s also a button to share the game via your Steam status or various other social media; Greenlight is the next big hurdle and we really appreciate you getting the word out! ========================================================= Story War A cool Delver’s Drop reference has recently been incorporated into the up-and-coming party card game Story War ( you can view it’s Kickstarter here ). Story War is a battle game where you make up stories about the cards in play to gain the upper hand against your friends and foes. The uber-cool thing about it is that the Story War team wanted to incorporate a Delver’s Drop card into the mix, and we were tickled that they wanted to do so. BEHOLD: Super extra awesome news: Delver’s Drop backers who also backed Story War at the $10 level or above get this card included in the PRINT-AND-PLAY package. Story War backers at $60 or above get the Rogue card in their physical set regardless of having backed Delver's Drop . So... neat! Delver’s Drop has its first cameo! ========================================================= Indie MEGABOOTH We also wanted to give a quick shout-out / reminder about the Indie MEGABOOTH that we’re a part of at the upcoming PAX East expo! For those of you who don’t know, the Indie MEGABOOTH is a pretty awesome mini-expo inside of PAX itself, taking up 5,400 square feet of show space packed with 50 developers and 62+ games. We’re located in the lofty Booth #886. There are some pretty cool games in the lineup for East, including a couple who are currently running Kickstarter campaigns: Lords of New York An adventure RPG game where you follow the story of one of three high stakes poker players as they pursue their life's ambitions and become one of New York's elite. Each character has unique gameplay, end goals and poker style (cheating, intuition or statistics) all designed to support a compelling story arc. While the paths of their stories may cross, they are completely different, increasing the game's replayability. Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter Telepath Tactics A turn-based tactical RPG with a goodly amount of customization available for the player. Destructible/constructible environments, a map and dialog editor, and 2-6 person local multiplayer round it out for a good time at parties. Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter Check ‘em out, and we hope to see you at PAX! PAX East 2013! As if the last month’s mad dash through Kickstarter and getting to know you all wasn’t enough, now we’re going to show up at PAX East and get a chance to talk to the bazillion people there as well! Additionally, we’re proud to be returning as part of the Indie MEGABOOTH which has now grown to a whopping 50 developers and over 60 games. Stop by and check us out, pick up a little swag, play the early Endless Drop demo , and generally chit-the-chat. We’re in Booth #886, which is conveniently marked on the expo hall map below ( Click for large version ): --------------------------------------------------------------------- PayPal &amp; Stretch Goals As we previously noted, we’ve opened up a PayPal contribution page for those who weren’t able to participate in the normal Kickstarter - typically because they are outside the United States and/or don’t have a credit card that Amazon will accept. We didn’t want to exclude anyone based on a logistical technicality and consider this a short extension to the Kickstarter campaign. Any funds we receive through PayPal will count toward the main campaign’s Stretch Goals. We’ve received $1,040 via the PayPal page to date, bringing our current campaign total to $151,785. Kickstarter doesn’t allow us to update the main project page after a campaign ends, but we’ll keep you updated on the total if/when it grows. As a reminder, we’re shutting down this grace period on March 27th . We’ll also be providing updated versions of our handy stretch goals graphic: --------------------------------------------------------------------- Spreading the Love We would be horribly remiss if we didn’t share info about some other Kickstarter projects near-and-dear to our hearts that are coming up on their final deadlines: Cryamore &amp; Days of Dawn These two projects and their dedicated crews were kind enough to recommend Delver’s Drop to their backers, and we’d like to return the favor. Though their Kickstarters have ended, but sure to follow their updates and various media sources. RPGs FTW! Cryamore: Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter Days of Dawn: Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter Whispering Willows Ending soon - like, in the next 5 hours! A 2D horror puzzle game where you play as the lone Elena searching for her father. It incorporates some interesting gameplay mechanics like astral projection as you explore the haunted Willows estate. Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter Back to Bed A 3D puzzler set in a gorgeous surrealist style. You play the role of a sleepwalker’s subconscious mind, manipulating the environment to guide your hapless physical self out of harm’s way. Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website Telepath Tactics A turn-based tactical RPG with a goodly amount of customization available for the player. Destructible/constructible environments, a map and dialog editor, and 2-6 person local multiplayer round it out for a good time at parties. Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter Spine Another Kickstarter that has already ended, but we wanted to give a shoutout to this fantastic little product - a 2D skeletal animation tool. We’re incorporating it into our tool workflow for Delver’s Drop, and it’s going to save us a ton of time and headaches. Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Google Plus , Twitter ============================================= That’s all for now! Stay tuned for more updates as we make our pilgrimage to PAX East! Yes, SUCCESS. That's really all we have to say. We are thrilled, amazed, exhausted, excited... pretty much every emotional and physical state of being all at once. But mostly ecstatic. The Kickstarter ended at over 200% of its goal, totaling $150,745 from 4,534 backers! And of course we also unlocked the $150k Stretch Goal for the 100-Room Puzzle Labyrinth! That's just insane. We originally only asked for $75,000 and thought we would top out at 2,500 or hopefully 3,000 backers. But 200% of the goal? Over 4,500 people? If you had told us that a few weeks ago, we would have offered you a straight jacket. But really we were crazy to doubt how amazing the Kickstarter community could be. Thank you, again. We cannot say that enough. You all have exceded our every expectation, hope, and cautious dream with your generosity, encouragement, and enthusiasm for Delver's Drop. So what now? Well we're all exhausted and hungry after doing a 4-hour livestream tonight. Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate with us! Now the real work begins. We'll have a brief hiatus as we prepare and then travel out to PAX East next week. But then we're back to Springfield, and back to development. We're going to do a big reassessment of what we'll be able to do with your generous pledges, and then update our plans to take into account this massive success of a campaign. And then last but obviously not least (in fact, most importantly), we'll get back to work on Delver's Drop! We have a lot to do and are even more excited to have you with us on this wild ride that is game development. This is definitely not the last update. We plan to keep you in the loop on our progress every few weeks. We will also continue answering questions here on Kickstarter through the comments and direct messages. So stick around — we'll have lots of cool things to share! And with that, we're out. We need a good night's sleep, and judging from the livestream comments, some of you do as well. No amount of thank you's will ever be enough, so for the last time in this message (but certainly not the last time we will ever say it): THANK YOU. — The Pixelscopic Team Welcome backers, friends, and fellow Delvers to our final update before the end of campaign. After 32 days on Kickstarter, we now have over 4,000 backers (seriously there are 4 THOUSAND of you!), we’ve blazed past $130,000, met four stretch goals... and it’s been an amazing run. Thank you again for being with us on this journey to launch Delver’s Drop into reality. The team here at Pixelscopic (and our patient families and significant others) thank you from the bottom of our heart meters. So let’s close this campaign out right! You probably already know, but: The campaign ends at MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! (U.S. CENTRAL TIME) *****That’s Tuesday March 12, 11:59pm CST (GMT-6)***** So finalize your pledges and hold onto your adventuring boots, because we have a few things planned, and a few more things to go over before it's... well... over. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Paypal Pledges Our Paypal contributions page is now live! <url>’re launching it a bit later than originally promised. We’re actually extending its duration through Wednesday, March 27, so you have just over 2 weeks to contribute this way. But after that, we will not offer the amazing multi-platform bundles or participation in many other rewards (such as voting on characters or access to the Closed Alpha and Beta). More good news: Any Paypal contributions also count toward our Stretch Goals! We will continue to update the Kickstarter page (and our website) to track progress. A huge special thank you to anyone who went to the trouble of getting a pre-paid card or found other means of contributing to Kickstarter. We couldn’t have done it without you, and hope you’ll forgive us for not having the Paypal option worked out sooner. Note: You cannot increase your Kickstarter pledge via our Paypal page, or change your Kickstarter pledges in any way after the campaign has ended. They are mutually exclusive in that sense. Please do not request to add to your pledge! ---------------------------------------------------------------- Closing Livestream We’ll be doing another Livestream from 8pm to midnight (CST) tomorrow night, to close out the campaign and have some fun. <url>’s talk about our favorite gaming memories, what we’re excited about in the gaming landscape, our inspirations for Delver’s Drop, and maybe even what we’re looking forward to at PAX East. If you have any questions about the campaign, please ask them now in the comments or a direct message! During the livestream we want to focus on what’s fun about gaming, which is the reason we’re all here. While we’ll answer some questions about the game, we’re definitely hoping for more of a casual affair — more of a celebration than a strict Q&amp;A. You can of course always ask us further questions here on Kickstarter, even after the campaign is over. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Newest Stretch Goals Over the last few days, we’ve reached the extremely popular multiplayer stretch goals for local 4-Player Co-op Horde Mode, local 4-Player Competitive Deatchmatch, and local 2-Player Co-op “Companion” Mode (just reached today)! Thank you for all of the support that has gotten us this far. We’re incredibly excited to add these features to Delver’s Drop! ---------------------------------------------------------------- PAX East Remember that we will be at booth #886! Come see us and get some Delver’s Drop pins... and more importantly, play the game in person! We’ll send you a show floor map right before PAX so you’ll know exactly how to find us. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Notice about Exclusive Content There has been a lot of discussion both on and off Kickstarter about the fact that we are offering exclusive items and especially an exclusive class to backers at various tiers. On the one hand, our backers seem to be very excited about these bonuses. On the other, many are opposed to the idea of any content that is exclusive to a certain group, especially when exclusivity is based on their place of purchase. This is of course an issue in the wider industry as well, and one that we find our campaign in the middle of. Honestly, our intention in providing exclusive content was to give an amazing bonus to backers in return for their generosity. These backers were truly funding the development of the exclusive content by giving more than the minimum. But this inadvertently causes us to exclude many others from this content, which was not our goal. Once we created the reward tiers and had any backers pledge to them, these tiers and their contents cannot be altered (Kickstarter regulations). And we are committed to honor our promise to backers that they will receive exclusive content through these tiers. But simultaneously, we are saddened that we’ve created a situation that has divided our user base and fans. We want to find a compromise and have been talking to many people here on Kickstarter about possible ideas. We are now prepared to announce a plan to rectify the situation, though we don’t have every detail in place yet, and it will take more thought and additional development to flesh out this plan: 1. Backers who pledge through our Paypal page get access to the same content as Kickstarter backers, for the same price. This allows anyone who can’t back through Kickstarter to get the same deal for a limited time. 2. On day one of the game's release, all backers at tiers $15 and up will receive the Exclusive Items that go with their tiers, and backers at $50 and up will receive the Exclusive Class. This honors our commitment on Kickstarter (and Paypal). 3. As an added bonus, the Exclusive Class will be the only one that has multiple (selectable) character "skins," aka different costumes. 4. Approximately 3-6 months after release, we will develop a system that allows backers who have exclusive content to share these items with others. The exact method of sharing (and frequency one can share) is still being determined, as we have not begun development. Sharing will not occur at all until this system is in place (think of it as a timed exclusive if you like). 5. The basic idea is that an Exclusive Backer can send a “blueprint” or "treasure map" to a non-exclusive backer, and they can then use this blueprint to craft the Exclusive Items or find (through a number of secret steps) the Exclusive Class, and unlock these in their game. Think of the backers as the “Secret Santa” of our game world, sending unlock codes to friends... but these friends have to work a bit to actually unlock the content. 6. BUT — Non-exclusive backers receiving these blueprints and unlocking the content will get cosmetically different versions. 1) The Exclusive Class will be limited to only one skin for non-exclusive backers. 2) The Exclusive Items will look less luminescent, and will create fewer particle effects when used. Basically the exclusive versions are flashier. Our hope is that the Exclusive Backers see their ability to share content with the rest of the community as an added perk to their rewards. And simultaneously, we hope that non-exclusive backers will be pleased with the idea that the exclusive content will (over time) spread throughout the community — though with cosmetic differences. And finally, we believe that to the best of our ability this fulfills our obligations listed on the Kickstarter page that the Exclusive Class “is only available through Kickstarter” since it is truly being distributed through Kickstarter’s process, and by its backers. We hope that you will agree that this is a satisfactory compromise, and apologize (again) if you do not share this opinion. We realize this is a situation where we can’t please everyone... so we are trying to do the best we can at being honest, transparent, and accommodating to the vast majority of our users. Please send us a direct message to discuss further if this seems unsatisfactory to you. Thank you to all of the backers who offered suggestions and feedback — you played a crucial part in finding this solution, and you have our sincere gratitude. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Well that ended on a complicated note, huh? We hope that you’re still with us, and are ready to close this campaign out in the most awesome way possible. Don’t forget to check out the livestream tomorrow night to countdown the campaign with us! Or if you've been holding out, please back us now while you still have time! — The Pixelscopic Team Since we have a lot of new backers, and the campaign only has a few more days remaining, we thought it would be a good time to clarify what rewards everyone is getting. So here’s the deal: We ADDED some cool stuff to all of the tiers throughout the campaign, and are ADDING MORE right now! But we can’t change the wording in the rewards list sidebar (Kickstareter regulations!), so it’s hard to catch all of those details if you’re new. So in summary: --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- YOU MAY BE GETTING COOL REWARDS YOU DON’T KNOW ABOUT! ------------------------------------ AND --------------------------------------------- YOU MAY WANT TO UPDATE YOUR PLEDGE TO GET MORE COOL LOOT! --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Scroll to the bottom and check out our new handy rewards chart, to make sure you know exactly what you're getting! NEW TIER: And by popular request, we’re adding another tier so that you can get a second copy of the game (and set of codes) for $30! We also just added new physical items, and updated all tiers based on the currently attained stretch goals! WE WILL NOT BE CHANGING / ADDING THE REWARDS AGAIN AFTER THIS UPDATE! So please make your final selections as we move into these last few days of the campaign. -------------------------------------------------------------------- The items below have been ADDED to your reward tiers during the campaign, plus a few BRAND NEW items added today! Many of these are NOT MENTIONED in the sidebar, so read carefully — you’re getting extra stuff! $15 Tier Bonuses Included in all tiers $15 and up! ADDED PLATFORMS! You receive copies for all six: PC, MAC, LINUX, iOS, ANDROID, OUYA Digital download key for at least one digital distribution service (TBD) if/when our game is available on the service Added access to the OPEN BETA in August! (Beta is desktop only). NEW! Digital Manual — old school NES-style manual for the game! PDF format. Stretch Goal Unlock: Linux support now occurs on day one of the desktop release, simultaneous with PC/Mac. Stretch Goal Unlock: You now get an extra character class, making it SIX classes total! Stretch Goal Unlock: An extra 9th zone has been added to the game, with new enemies, bosses, etc. Also included in all higher tiers! -------------------------------------------------------------------- $25 Tier Bonuses Added Early Alpha Access in late June. Play the game before anyone else, and give us feedback! NEW! VOTE on one more character class! Since we added the 6th class via the $100k stretch goal, you now get to vote on 3 characters out of 6 choices. YOU PICK HALF THE CLASSES THAT GO IN THE BASE GAME! Also included in all higher tiers! -------------------------------------------------------------------- - NEW! - $30 EXTRA COPY TIER By popular request, we’ve added a $30 tier that gives you a second copy of the game on all platforms, as well as other bonuses. Here are the full details: Get a SECOND copy of the game! 2 digital downloads for PC, Mac, &amp; Linux 2 key codes for iOS, Android, &amp; Ouya 2 key codes for one (or more) digital distribution service if/when our game is available on the service Includes all digital goods in the $25 tier &amp; below From the $25 Tier: ONE key for the Closed Alpha &amp; Beta, and TWO Open Beta keys (desktop versions only) BONUS: Contribute a Character Name – it will be used randomly in game when a new character is spawned (same as $40 name reward). Also included in ALL higher tiers! ($40, $50, $60, and above). -------------------------------------------------------------------- $60 Tier Bonus NEW! PHYSICAL MANUAL — A retro throwback to the NES era! This manual explains the basics of the game with some cute character artwork and old-school charm. Black and white, approx. 4x5”, 20+ pages. Also included in all higher tiers. -------------------------------------------------------------------- REWARDS CHART So yeah, that was probably a lot to take in. That’s why we make pictures and charts and things! Check out this image for a 100% accurate graphing of EXACTLY what you are getting at your tier. CLICK TO VIEW ZOOMED-IN VERSION HERE! -------------------------------------------------------------------- FINAL NOTES If you are changing your backer amount, please make sure you also update your reward selection! This can be confusing, and it’s easy to add more dollars to your pledge while accidentally selecting a lower tier. So double check your reward and make sure it matches if you’ve updated your amount at any time! That’s it! We hope we’ve run a really great campaign. Not that there haven’t been a few minor mistakes or miscommunications, but we pride ourselves on trying to be as clear, fair, honest, and transparent as possible. If you have any further questions or if we messed anything up in the rewards chart, please drop your comments below! Hey, everyone! While we were busy celebrating the Kickstarter's completion and forgetting to post more updates, you all went and boosted the campaign from the $75,000 goal all the way up to $100,000 in the last 3 days. What?! That's amazing. And a huge warm WELCOME to all of our new backers! So let's talk about those Stretch Goals, huh? We've already unlocked the Linux Goal at $85,000 and the first expansion at $100,000. To keep better track of how the campaign is doing, we added a fancy progress chart on the front page. Just scroll down a little bit to see how we're doing, and read more info on each goal. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Linux — $85,000 - ACHIEVED! - We are now adding day-one Linux support when the game releases for desktops in October 2013. (Originally, the Linux release date was TBD 2014). Basically, this Stretch Goal allows us to bring in some additional programming support to help us work on porting our engine. Way quicker than having our one programmer work on the game and do the Linux port, huh? We're really glad that this one was reached, because we are truly committed to supporting as many platforms as possible, as soon as possible. So thank you for pledging us up to this tier, and congrats to all of our Linux users! Content Expansion #1 — $100,000 - ACHIEVED! - We will expand the game with an additional character and another zone (with unique enemies, boss, etc). We originally had this zone in our design documents, but cut it to keep the game on a more reasonable budget. So with this achieved, you now get our "original vision" for the game, complete with all of this content in the base game. This will very likely be available on day one of release, integrated directly into the game and story. The content will be added to the game for everyone that purchases it — no separate download or purchase for anyone! This means that our Kickstarter backers are directly adding to the game, making it a richer experience for everyone. Thank you! 4-Player Expansion — $115,000 - NEXT GOAL - If we're able to reach this stretch goal, we will add local 4-player modes to the desktop versions of the game. There are two modes: Deathmatch and Horde Mode. Deathmatch will be an awesome competitive mode, where up to 4 players can duel it out in custom-designed arenas, while trying to avoid traps and grab randomly dropped power-ups. Our goal: Super Smash Bros. meets Zelda: Four Swords! We want this to be an amazing party game for you and your friends. Horde is a cooperative mode where a group of players battle waves of spawning enemies. The goal is to survive as long as you can, and the game will track progress like number of waves and number of kills per person. This will be our ultimate high-score arcade mode! ------------------------------------------------------------------- So what can you do to help us hit the next goal? Besides giving us more money, that is ;) PROMOTE THESE GOALS! We will really need some additional promotion to get to the further stretch goals, including the 4-player modes at $115k. At this point, we've contacted about as much press as we can. So since we're crowd-sourcing the funding of the game, why not crowd-source its promotion too? Here are some easy things you can do! 1. SHARE any articles and YouTube videos about Delver's Drop with your friends. Most articles will have a share or like button so you can post it to Facebook or Twitter. Try sharing these articles: <url>"Support Delver's Drop" post may not help. Find something specific and interesting to talk about — things you are excited about, a specific unique mechanic, a character class, part of the story that you find interesting... anything that can "hook" people and get them interested! Look through our updates for ideas if you haven't already. 3. POST UNIQUE INFORMATION about us on forums or targeted social media. Focus on any forums that are about RPGs, indie games, old-school style games, roguelikes, etc. Especially as we approach each stretch goal, it would be great to get a new community excited about something like the 4-Player Deathmatch Mode. 4. Best way to Tweet / Share: Whenever you share information on a social media forum like Facebook or Twitter, make sure you link back to our official account and to the Kickstarter campaign. For example, make sure you use @DelversDrop on Twitter, and if you do the same thing on Facebook it should auto-complete a link to our page. This helps people find information immediately. Here are some examples: Facebook: New Action RPG game @Delver's Drop is getting close to its 4-Player Deathmatch goal on Kickstarter. It's like Super Smash Bros. meets Zelda! Help by backing it, and you'll get the game on 6 platforms for the price of one! <url>#Kickstarter goal. It's Super Smash Bros. meets Zelda! <url>— more than just blasting random people with the info. Also, please do not bug journalists or famous game developers! Well, unless you know them personally and walk their dog regularly or something. 6. Back to the Basics: Some of these you might have done already, but please look just in case! Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Vote us up on Steam Greenlight ------------------------------------------------------------------- Thanks again! As I was writing this, we actually passed $100,000, so I had to go back and rewrite it! Man, this campaign just keeps climbing. You are all amazing! Wow. Just... wow. We’re finally there. Our Kickstarter Goal is achieved. We can make this game now, and it’s all thanks to you. Thank you so much from the bottom of our hearts. Thank you to those who were the first to support Delver’s Drop and spread the word. Thank you to those who gave us confidence with their pledges during the lean middle days. Thank you to those who rode in on this last tidal wave of awesomeness. Thanks to everyone who shared with their friends. Thanks to the press for giving us a few moments of your time and sharing your viewership. Thank you. We’ve still got a week to go and the potential for some Stretch Goal features to be added to the game — we’re very excited about these possibilities. More classes, more content, more modes... but we can talk about that tomorrow. Today the Pixelscopic crew is going to tell our friends and family about this amazing thing that happened. Thank you fans. Thank you friends. - Ryan Baker, Coby Utter, Ryan Burrell Before we get into the long-promised story behind the Drop (or as much of it as we're going to tell right now)... some great news! Over the weekend the campaign went from about $50,000 to over $69,000 in support. This is of course an amazing jump, and we're incredibly grateful! So first and most importantly — a huge welcome to all new backers! This will probably be the first update for many of you, so we hope that you'll also check out previous updates to read more about the game and its mechanics. Just look at the Kickstarter page ( <url>— we're getting really close to our goal of $75,000 (insert applause for our backers)! But we still have 8 days to go. So instead of basking in success, let's keep pushing forward to meet the goal soon and hit some of the Stretch Goals! Keep liking / tweeting / sharing all of the above articles, videos, and media, as well as telling anyone you can about the campaign! Thanks again for your incredible support... and now to the story! ------------------------------------------------------------ The World of the Drop Surrounded by Murk Swamps stands the Cornus Spire — a fragmented spike of mountain, miles tall and isolated, into which were constructed the Wandering Halls, where the Delvers are imprisoned. At its center is the Drop - a hole that tunnels deep into and below the mountain’s core. THE TALE Your characters are a set of scoundrels, the remnants of old adventuring guilds. These miscreants make their livings in less than legitimate trades in the fortress city of Spirewatch. This trade town fosters shady dealings, having fallen into disrepair under the shadow of the towering castle its stone gates once led to - The Wandering Halls, secluded abode of the reclusive Gilt King. This castle hold wraps around and is carved into a massive single mountain called the Cornus Spire, a cloud-penetrating stone pinnacle thrust skyward out of vast Murk swamps below it. Only a few miles away from Spirewatch, the castle walls can be seen to shift mysteriously, its rooms and towers, walls and parapets folding and rearranging themselves, propelled by mechanisms deep within the Spire. Living below this strange and impenetrable towering fortress, the ne’er-do-wells of Spirewatch ply their shady trades cautiously. For in spite of the chances for fortune, Spirewatch is frequently raided by the royal family’s gangs of guards — those adventurers unlucky enough to be (rightly or wrongly) apprehended for misdeeds are dragged off to be held within the Wandering Halls, never to be heard from again. The prisoners are stuffed into a ricketty cages and hoisted on immense chains to the highest levels of the towering castle structure. Shackled in this freezing stratospheric prison known as The Chill, the adventurers wait in cells with others of their guild class. THE DELVERS For unknown reasons, the jailers will periodically release one prisoner, and order them down the Drop — an immense hole that tunnels deep into the mountain’s core — with the promise of loot, fortune, and freedom. At every level though the Drop is sealed, closing off ancient and abandoned levels of the castle’s shifting structure, and it can only be opened through exploration, puzzle solving, and battle. Each Delver tries to go as far down as they can, descending toward ground level, hoping for escape from the dungeons surrounding the Drop. They also begin to find that some people are still living inside the castle structure: lost souls sealed off from the outside world, each with a story to tell. But few things are truly known about these dungeons. Does this hole lead to freedom, or just deeper under the earth? For the adventurous Delvers, either option beats rotting in a frigid jail cell. And every time a Delver dies in their escape attempt, the jailers release another. THE DANGERS What each Delver doesn’t know is that every predecessor who failed to find freedom returns as a skeletal version of their former selves — the Undelver wight. They bear the weapons and some previously equipped items and are very agile, making them incredibly dangerous. But defeat an Undelver, and you may just pry your previous weapons from their now fully dead skeletal hands! Since no Delvers survive for long, it’s never been discovered how or why the Undelvers return to life. But it seems these wights may be connected to the magically sealed tombs that enclose the living spirits of Princes and Princesses — the Gilt King’s royal children. Hidden away in the recesses of the castle, a Delver will occasionally stumble upon these sepulchral doors. But if they find their way in, they may have to grant the royal child’s request... or escape like the scoundrels they are. But the dungeon seems to have a mind of its own, twisting and changing for every new adventurer. And at the end of each zone, the ancient core of the dungeon blocks the Delvers’ passage with a Chamber Guardian. Manifestations of the living dungeon core, they are room-sized beings animated by magic and ancient mechanisms. These bosses cannot truly be defeated, only temporarily deactivated to allow passage... so even if one Delver succeeds, another may have to brave the Guardian Chamber once more. And there is only one way to improve one’s chances at surviving the Drop - to find and consume what the jailers call a Stranger’s Heart. A severed heart floating above a pristine pillar, these items are found in rooms brimming with traps designed to eradicate those who attempt to penetrate them. The allure is that a Stranger’s Heart increases a Delver’s life, but at severe risk... the curses that weave through the Drop will make the Delver’s pay tenfold for their theft. And even after extending one’s life, the question remains — who is the Stranger? And what is the purpose behind the Drop? ------------------------------------------------------------ That's it for now! We want to avoid spoiling anything, so you'll just have to wait for the game to come out if you want to learn more. We'll be putting out more updates later in the week, so stay tuned. Thanks for reading! Quick reminder: We're livestreaming at <url>"Let's Play" videos. The Delver's Drop demo he's playing is essentially the same build we'll be showing at PAX East later this month — though we'll be continuing to make improvements between now and then! Catch you soon, and thanks for pushing our campaign past $51k! Hi, everyone! Since the last time we posted, your support has surpassed $46k, over 60% of the goal! Thanks so much for your continued encouragement, and a special welcome to all of our new backers! We're really excited about what the next week has in store for us. Remember to tell your friends to check out our campaign by March 12th! --------------------------------------------------------- Livestream Based on your requests, we're going to do a livestream in two days! <url>–3pm CST / GMT-6 (1-4pm EST, 10am-1pm PST) We will play the current version of our "Endless Drop" survival mode, and will respond to comments and questions from both press and fans while on the air. If you have a question, please post in the comments bar next to the video during the livestream — we won't be able to get to everything, but we'll try to answer as many questions as possible. And you'll get to see our wonderfully bearded faces plus new gameplay footage! --------------------------------------------------------- PAX East We would also like to officially announce that we will be exhibiting at PAX East on March 22-24. We would love for you all to come by our booth, play the game, and take home some sweet Delver's pins! We will be showing the Endless Drop mode here as well, so get ready for a series of randomly selected rooms, and see how deep you can delve! --------------------------------------------------------- Twitter Q&amp;A We've been answering a lot of questions on Twitter in order to connect better with that community. Hit us up @delversdrop with questions of your own! We're having fun chatting with a such a wide audience, some of which are hearing about this campaign for the first time — so spread the word! Next up: A massive story update! We know this is the update many of you have been waiting for! We're pleased to present: Onward to the details! iOS &amp; Android After doing some more research, talking to other developers, and looking into the details, we now have a solution for mobile distribution. We’re happy to announce that iOS and Android versions will be included for all backers at the Pre-Order tier ($15) and higher when they are released in February 2014! Special thanks to backer TouchGameplay for pointing us toward a ton of helpful information that helped make this happen! OUYA We’ve mentioned in our F.A.Q. that we intend to release on Ouya at some point. After receiving a lot of interest asking about the Ouya, we decided to take a more in-depth look at what would be required to port our engine to the Ouya. After some further research, we are confident that we can deliver an Ouya version simultaneously with the iOS and Android versions in February 2014. All backers at the Pre-Order tier ($15) and higher will also get the full Ouya version of the game! Multi-platform Magic Supporting as many platforms as possible (and as seamlessly as possible) has been a central principle in our development philosophy. While we cannot facilitate the buy-once-play-everywhere model once the game is at retail, we can facilitate it here via Kickstarter and reward all of you for coming on board to help us finish development at this early stage. So to summarize: At the Pre-Order tier ($15) or higher you will get: PC / Mac versions in October 2013 iOS, Android, and Ouya versions in February 2014 Linux version in 2014 (or at launch in October 2013 if our stretch goal is met) We think that’s a pretty awesome deal and hope many of you are excited about it too! --------------------------------------------------------------------- *Notes, aka Fine Print: We will not have Alpha or Beta access for iOS / Android / Ouya. Backers will receive these games upon release in February. Any exclusive content you receive via your pledge at any level(s) will grant you that content on any/all devices of your choice. However, you may have to download these items separately per device. (This is still being determined). Quick update: we're doing a livestream called "Alive and Kicking" with Bumblebee at: 4:30-5 pm EST / 1:30-2pm PST! Bumblebee is the developer of another Kickstarter project, Days of Dawn , which is ending today. They're talking with a number of teams who also have Kickstarter projects to discuss the games and celebrate their Kickstarter campaigns — whether ending or ongoing. Watch it at <url>#r=-rid-&amp;s=em If you're curious about the full roster of those involved: <url>’ve beaten it? Or even after you’ve uncovered its deeper secrets? On to replay, narrative, level caps, and all the reasons you’ll delve for years! IMPORTANT: Please remember that the game is still in development, and the features and systems listed below are (mostly) not 100% final. We may have to make changes to ensure the best experience possible. But we’ll let you know as things are adjusted, and we hope you can help us find the best solutions through early Alpha Access! ($25 tier and up) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The story in Delver’s Drop is probably familiar to you by now — you’re a ne’er-do-well, scoundrel, a miscreant, whatever. You’ve been imprisoned unjustly, or maybe sorta justly. You probably deserve it, if we’re really honest with ourselves. So you’re set “free”, with the big caveat of being stuck in a giant deadly maze where you have to jump down a hole called the Drop to progress. And you just want to find your way out, right? As it turns out, there is more to the Drop than fighting toward the exit and collecting some treasure along the way. There are bigger things happening than just the life-and-death struggle of a prisoner trying to find their way out of a mountain dungeon complex. Much bigger things. So what do you do with your altruistic bent toward fighting the good fight, finding all the secrets, freeing the prisoners, and generally becoming a hero? Well you’ll probably just die a lot, until you learn to survive. But if you happen to die less often, or you really don’t mind the prospect of death, these are amazing adventures and achievements in store for you. The narrative will be communicated in several ways: environmental ambience; secret tomes, tablets, and messages; player character monologue and non-player character (NPC) dialog. The story will be revealed organically, based on the random generation of levels, items, and NPCs, as well as how / when / where the player encounters these elements. These will be conveyed through text boxes that pop up naturally in the game space, and fade from view when you move the character away. No game-pausing dialog boxes where you button-mashing through walls of text! Think Chrono Trigger, but even more ambient. The game won’t be chatty - you can even ignore or walk away from NPCs or objects who will promptly shut up and allow you to go about your business. We do, however, want to convey a lot of interesting story fragments, so the player characters will react to events and objects, enemies will spout the occasional babble, and even the walls themselves may talk... Each class will have unique dialog that fits their character, which means that you’ll have to play the game with all of them to see their unique points of view and get their entire background story. We will also pepper the levels with clues and books for them to find that will also reveal more about the overarching narrative. NPCs will play heavily into this as well, as they pass along legends and rumors about the Drop and its inhabitants. Since each character’s backstory will be slowly revealed across multiple zones, this is a huge motivator for replay. So while you can swap classes at any time, those who want the full story may prefer to play the game through multiple times with a different character for each run. We’re also going to have a number of alternate endings depending on how you play, how many secrets you uncover, and how many of the Drop’s magically-ensnared prisoners you interact with. We may also offer a “New Game Plus” story mode with a completely alternate narrative path — but only if the higher Stretch Goals are reached! Beyond the story elements in the main campaign and our myriad of alternate modes (see Update #2!), here are a few additional motivating factors to play the game through multiple times: Randomization! — Every time you play, you’ll see a totally different set of dungeons. The variety of dungeon layouts is truly infinite. Unlockables — Some Classes and many items will have requirements that must be met before they can be found. Maxing out Characters — You’ll want to level up every class to their full potential to experience the extent of their powers. Achievements — We will have a lot of in-game achievements, ranging from the unusual to the mundane to the insanely eccentric. Completion — We’ll have a percentage completion stat, which will show you how many of these item’s you’ve uncovered overall. You can only truly complete the game to 100% if you find every item and weapon, kill every enemy at least once, uncover all of the endings, max out all characters, and find all the secrets. This will be a massive endeavor for most players! You will eventually reach the limit of your perk tree, but that’s not the end — we will have a very high level cap. So why should you keep leveling up? For one, increasing your level also increases the likelihood that you will find rarer loot. Secondly, we want to give the player the flexibility to re-spec and alter the branches of the perk tree. This allows you to try out another path — for instance swapping your special ability’s fire elemental modifier for an ice modifier. We will include at least one secret character class (more if we reach Stretch Goal expansions), and some classes that you have to unlock before they are playable. Some will be easy to unlock — either unlocked by time played or zones completed — while others will be story based or hidden in secrets wrapped in enigmatic bundles of mystery. We will also have a very special version of each class that you can unlock if you both max out that character’s level / perk tree, and complete the story (and/or other requirements) with that character. Think of this as a “New Game Plus” mode for an individual class, giving them new or different abilities while adding challenge. We’ll be offering in-game achievements, and will try to support as many external achievement systems as possible. For instance, if we get through Steam’s Greenlight ( go vote for us! ) we will definitely have Steam Achievements. We’ll have a wide variety of stats that are tracked and achievements that you’ll gain through extended play or by doing fun and crazy things in the game. Here are a few random examples: Kill every enemy in the game at least once Kill certain enemies a certain number of times Find a complete “set” of items Find all the unique items in the game Find every secret vault Carry a useless item from the top of the Drop all the way to the bottom Hit 10 spiders with costly magical tomes! Because of the near-endless replay possibilities, we want to offer a robust system for meta-gameplay enjoyment! Thanks for reading our Gameplay Mechanics, part 3 of 3. We still have a lot more to show over the next two+ weeks of the campaign, so keep checking back! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- FAQs These are additional questions that have been asked about the game features, but are a little too detailed to put into the general home page FAQs: Q: Can I save the game? What if I want to start over? A: Yes, the game will be automatically saved at various intervals. We will offer several save profiles, with the option of deleting a profile to start the game fresh. Q: Can I have true permadeath? I want to punish myself. A: Yes, we may offer a “hardcore” setting (from the options menu) that will force the player to start at the very beginning every time they die. No shortcuts, no “semi-permadeath,” and no incremental progress. The Drop would be re-sealed, all levels re-randomized, and all progress lost. Totally optional! Q: Will some classes be required to complete certain puzzles? Will the game be easier with certain classes? A: No, the game can be completed with any of the character classes - meaning all puzzles will be solvable. There is always the chance that some scenarios will be better with one class than another. But we will balance them so that players will have adequate challenge in any situation, with any class. Q: Will weapons / armor / items be reflected on the character? A: Weapons and shields will be visible and reflect the actual equipped items. We are currently not planning on changing the character art to reflect any other equipment, since this would vastly increase our art needs. Q: Will I be able to change the look of my character? A: Probably not, for similar reasons mentioned above – the cost would be very great. We will look into some minor forms of customization or alternate costumes for some classes, but the choices may be limited to 1-2 alternates per class, and these may be randomized when a new character is spawned. We will allow options for color swaps or alternate costumes in multiplayer (if the associated stretch goals are met). Q: What are the special Kickstarter voting classes? A: We’ll reveal this soon, but in the meantime, here is a teaser of some of our ideas for additional classes and their primary weapons! I’m burying it here at the bottom in hopes that no one will actually read this far... Huntsman — Longbow Templar — Spear DeathDealer — Katana Bard — Instruments Shaman — Whip Cleric — Flail Murkromancer — ??? Welcome to our Mechanics breakdown, part #2 of 3. This one is all about... Items and Dungeons So get ready for a ton of info about loot, weapons, randomization, puzzles, and more! IMPORTANT: Please remember that the game is still in development, and the features and systems listed below are (mostly) not 100% final. We may have to make changes to ensure the best experience possible. But we’ll let you know as things are adjusted, and we hope you can help us find the best solutions through early Alpha Access! ($25 tier and up) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The player can equip several types items, weapons, and wearables that occupy their own equipment slots. Primary weapon for the class type — will be reflected on the animated in-game character. Wearables — they player can equip things like boots, belts, and other clothing that may alter their movement or physics. Shield Modifiers — these alter how your shield (and shield bashing) function. Accessory or Relic - like rings and amulets. Typically improve the class's perks / skill tree. Up to 5 Sub-Items , including bombs, expendable wands, potions, etc. Some can be used indefinitely, but most are limited use. Since we are going with a no-grind approach, a skilled player could complete the game with the lowest level items, or by only using sub-items. We might even offer achievements for doing this! But choosing a loadout is always fun, and gearing up allows you to customize, and improve your perks and abilities. Each class has a particular weapon type that is unique to them. The Rogue, for instance, uses short swords. But each weapon will come in a large variety of randomly-spawned and randomly-generated iterations. Since we don’t want to create an “arms race” of incremental weapon power increases, these weapons will feature the following combinations of parameters: Range — how far the weapon will reach, or the distance a shot will fire before dissipating. Sweep / Spread — how wide a sword slash will cover, or how large of an area a hammer strike will affect, and so on. Speed Stats — Includes wind-up, speed, and recharge. How long the charge up lasts before an attack; how fast a weapon slashes (or its projectile fires); and then after an attack, how quickly the character “reloads” or is prepped for the next attack. Knockback — how hard the weapon knocks enemies or objects backward on impact. Elemental / Special Properties — Some weapons may have a percentage chance of causing elemental damage, or other unique effects. Want a sword that causes explosions like it has as freakin’ stick of dynamite on the blade? We thought so. When you start a new character, you will have no items, weapons, or equipment! A bit of flimsy shield is all you get. You’ll have to learn to survive in the dungeon with that shield and your wits... until you find a randomly dropped item or three. These items will be discovered in treasure chests, in piles of rubble and refuse, or by killing enemies. Some will be specifically designed rare items, while others will have some randomized properties for variety. We won't have fully randomized generation to the degree of Diablo or Torchlight. But we will offer a large variety through stat variance. And the more unique items will spawn both on lower dungeon levels, and based on the higher level your character class is! You will also randomly find Secondary Items that go in your usable item slots. These will be generated based on what you might need in the current dungeon... or they may be generated for no reason at all. But you should find a way to use them anyway! You can hold 5 Secondary Items in your Sub-Item queue. These are almost always expendable, and will display the number of uses in the interface. One item will always be in the “active” slot, and can be activated or used by pressing the X Button. You can “rotate” the queue with the controller triggers, sliding the active item left and right to swap it for another. You may drop a currently carried item if you don’t have an available slot and you want to pick up a new item. Or if you expend all of an item’s limited uses... poof, it’s gone. These randomly dropped, limited-use items will keep the player on their toes. You’ll have to conserve your "ammunition," constantly altering your strategy based on what’s available. Something you’re probably wondering: What if you find a weapon that isn’t meant for your class? Good news: you can still use it, but they will usually be limited use. So a Rogue can use a Sorcerer-style wand, but since that isn’t their specialty, they can only use it a few times before breaking it. Wands are delicate like that. Or maybe rogues are clumsy. So stick with your primary weapon for most attacks, but swap out for a secondary weapon from another class when you need to! Some items will also affect the player instantly, like a power-up. This will keep the pace fast and give a lot of unpredictable variety, while also keeping your equipment streamlined. We want it to feel like a true dungeon dive: If you were in an ancient labyrinth, you wouldn't always find the exact tool you needed at every turn. So we want players to be inventive with what they do find. Remember that your items are (usually) limited in use, and since death is semi-permanent... you only have one shot with the items you've got. So sometimes it's worth it to use up an item to get out of a tight spot. We're designing the game so that there won't always be a single tool for a single problem, and some items have unexpected results. Players will have to use items in spontaneous and inventive ways, or leave behind a favorite item because it won't work in the current situation. So in other words: be cautious, but be inventive and take a few risks! And if you have to throw that rare Rune Tome across the room to kill a minor baddy... well, that’s probably better that than dying. We're also developing some more mysterious item functions, meaning you won't always know exactly what an item does until you use it for the first time. Some items may have unintended side effects or passive properties when in your inventory. You’ll have to discover these properties as you go! Think of it like unidentified items in a Roguelike - sometimes you have to try the item out and see what happens. We will be creating a large number of hand-crafted rooms ranging from horde-combat arenas to mind-melting puzzle areas. These rooms will contain internal random generation, including random placement of crates (and their contents), a random number and type of enemies, as well as placement of other obstacles or traps. But the primary randomization will occur when a dungeon level is generated, by combining a set of rooms from our existing pool of designs, and using algorithms to structure them into a continuous dungeon with meta-puzzles and interesting navigation. So for example, keys will be generated in some rooms that unlock doors elsewhere in the dungeon — and this process of key / locked door generation is dynamically generated when a dungeon is created by the game. The layout of the floor, the rooms in the floor, and how you find your way through the floor will be different every time you die and replay it. We are also adding overarching dungeon navigation puzzles to the mix by allowing the player to manipulate the structure of some dungeon levels. In the story behind the Drop, the dungeon system you're exploring moves and changes based on mechanics within the mountain that it’s built into. Since these rooms move and the floor is randomized after a character dies, it makes sense that occasionally the player would be able to find a switch or other mechanic to alter the layout from within the dungeon. What if you found magical keys that generated a different room on the other side of a door every time you changed keys? You’ll have to use a key on different doors to navigate through them, find other magical keys, backtrack, and then swap the keys to different doors to change the room layout, therefore changing the pathway through the dungeon. Yeah, that probably didn’t make much sense in text form... but that’s what puzzles are all about! We will introduce different mechanics in different zones, so that dungeon navigation itself becomes a progressively puzzling endeavor. So yeah, expect to die a bit. But don’t worry! Like we mentioned a few times, the game has “semi-permadeath.” So you lose a little progress, the current dungeon level re-randomizes, and you lose whatever items you were carrying. So you just try, try again. Pretty easy right? What we haven’t told you is that whenever you die, and depending on how you die, you may create a greater challenge to contend with. Dead adventurers might, just maybe, usually, unfortunately... come back as super dangerous undead skeleton warriors with their last carried weapon. So every time you drop down after a failure, you’ll have to be wary of an undead version of your previous character incarnation. Oh, and what if you pick a character and decide that they really suck for the current dungeon level? Well you could just jump off a cliff. Or... you could use a “suicide booth” (well, really an iron maiden) near the Drop entrance. The benefits of this are that you can collect all of your currently carried items... but you’ll generate a particularly nasty skeleton to contend with later. That’s a huge risk, but it might be worth it to keep your items or swap your class! The Drop is sealed at each level, preventing you from moving on to the next zone below. But as you progress you’ll solve puzzles, defeat bosses, and move mechanisms in the dungeons to open the Drop. Even if you die after a level has been unsealed, you can drop from the Jail at the top of the dungeon down to the last unsealed area. But of course that level will have been re-randomized, possibly leaving a few previous rooms, but mostly exchanging them for new ones. Just remember that if you die, you’ve just set loose a killer undead warrior, so the level just got harder! If you die too many times, the Drop will eventually re-seal itself, causing your progress to backslide. You then have to replay the previous level to unlock the Drop again. You can also manually reset a level by using mechanisms in the Jail to seal the drop, totally randomizing the level and removing any undead adventurers plaguing it. But you can’t undo this action! You’ll have to just play the previous level again to unlock the Drop seal that you just closed. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- So what do you do after you’ve opened the Drop, faced your fears, equipped lots of awesome weapons, and used up a lot of cool items? And what will keep you playing even after you beat the game? Check back soon to read part 3, on Extended Play! As promised, this update is the grand Game Mechanics Unveiling! It’s basically a mini-manual for the game. Enjoy! This is part 1 of 3, specifically covering: Characters &amp; Class Mechanics IMPORTANT: Please remember that the game is still in development, and the features and systems listed below are (mostly) not 100% final. We may have to make changes to ensure the best experience possible. But we’ll let you know as things are adjusted, and we hope you can help us find the best solutions through early Alpha Access! ($25 tier and up) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The classes of miscreants in Delver’s Drop are all locked up in jail at the top of the dungeon. When you begin the game, you will pick one class whose cell the gaoler will open — letting one character out. You will then take that character to the Drop, a giant hole that tunnels down into the dungeons. Fortunately the jailers are constantly capturing new recruits, so you'll have plenty of prisoners to lead to their death. Or lead to their escape with fame and riches or whatever. But probably death. Oh, and you won’t start with any decent weapons right away. You’ll have to find those as you go. But before you jump to your demise, you can purchase some items from the Jail’s armory. The inventory will be somewhat random, but you can improve its stock as you play. The character classes come from an ancient adventuring guilds with their own specialized abilities and tactics. Several factors will differentiate each class from the others: Stats like amount of health and number of shields they can carry Their own specialized primary weapon Physics and movement properties such as acceleration, top speed, mass, and traction A unique perk tree Special Ability specific to that class Each class will also have their own backstory, related both to the character(s) and their respective guild. The more the player uses a class (and plays through multiple levels with them), the more they will learn about their mostly-infamous history. And each time you play, your new character will have a randomly chosen name since, you know, the last guy you were playing as died. Some of these names will be contributed by backers! ($40 tier and up). So what do you do once you drop a character down into the dungeon? These are the basic controls, with their default mapping on an X-Box 360 controller. We will also have (customizable) keyboard control, PS3 controller support, etc. Movement — Analog Stick / D-Pad. You run around and stuff! Some characters might also float, slide, or prance, but it will always occur in the direction you’re pressing. Primary Action / Attack — A Button. This is your primary action button, used for attacking enemies and opening treasure chests. You might also open doors and things, but mostly you’ll just smack stuff with a weapon. Swap Sub-Item — L/R Triggers. You can cycle through a queue of 5 secondary items, putting a different one into the active slot for use. These will also be accessible with keyboard numbers 1-5 for those who want that option! Use Sub-Item — X Button. Throw bombs, quaff potions, open spell books... this action uses whichever item is in the active slot! Special Class Ability — Y Button. This is your trump card, your super move, your perk activation command. It will be wildly different per class! Here are your points, variables, specs, and meters you'll see on screen and in your stat menu. All the fun stuff that number-crunching part of your brain expects in an RPG! Health (HP) — Each time you take a hit, you lose a heart... and when you run out of hearts your character will die. Shields — Shields stack over your hearts, and take damage first. You will only lose hearts if all Shields have been depleted. Coins — You can pick up money in a few denominations of coins, and use it to buy items in shops. Experience (XP) — You will gain experience points by killing enemies, solving puzzles, opening treasure chests, etc. These contribute to your level when they reach the required point value. Level — As you level up, you will find slightly better loot, and for each level you will put one point into your perk tree. Perk Trees — A set of skills and bonuses that are applied to abilities. You can upgrade these as you progress. Special Ability Meter — Each class has its own special move, which can be used when this meter is full. As the player defeats enemies and performs other actions, they will gain XP. This will contribute to the class's level, and this level is persistent for the class regardless of individual character deaths. This is what we're calling "semi-permadeath” — when the player dies, they will lose their currently carried items (and possibly some gold), and the dungeon level they are in will re-randomize causing some progress to be lost. However, you will keep any XP and levels earned. Leveling in Delver's Drop does not increase the character's base stats (health, attack power, etc), since we want to keep the stats consistent in the vein of other classic Action RPGs. We're trying to really emphasize player skill and mastery of the gameplay while avoiding any form of grinding, either for XP or loot. But leveling does offer other bonuses, such as more interesting weapons that can be equipped or purchased, and more importantly it lets you upgrade or re-spec your perks for that class! When you level up, you will be able to upgrade or alter one of several perks for your chosen class on their skill tree. The trees will usually have the following 3 branches for a given class, granting improvements to: 1. Innate perks or passive abilities. Examples: find rarer items, move faster, have a chance of “dodging” projectiles. 2. The character's standard weapon attack. Examples: additional range, sweep, knockback. 3. Class-specific special ability. Examples: increased power, elemental attributes. Each class has a special ability that can be activated once their special meter has fully charged. A class’s ability and method of charging the meter will be unique. Abilities may range from defensive to offensive to navigational. The method of charging the meter will vary widely — from collecting gold to killing enemies to running a certain distance. We will design each ability to suit the given class's play style, and players can use the special move to amp them up at the right moments, escape tight situations, or just blaze through opposition. From continuous wand blasts to stealth spells or giant area-of-effect carnage, these moves are your ticket to victory. Remember to fine-tune them via your perk tree! Every class in the game can carry shields, though the maximum amount they carry may differ. Whenever the player is shielded, damage will be absorbed by the shield, which is then destroyed. This protects the player from losing hearts. However, shield loss has a secondary function: it can be used to knock back and even damage enemies. If the player comes in contact with an enemy when shielded, the enemy will be knocked back as if attacked. Though the player will lose the shield, they may also deal damage to their opponent. This can be used to defeat enemies when no items are available, or to attack some enemies that may be impervious to normal weapons. We want players to rely on their speed and momentum, and encourage the idea of sometimes just tackling enemies when there is no other option. Sure you’re sacrificing some shielding, but it might be worth it to knock that nasty monster into the spikes right behind them, or punt them down a bottomless pit. And shield fragment pick-up items will be much more common than heart-healing items, so they can be replenished easily. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- That's all the exciting info our little fingers could type for now. Look forward to our next update tomorrow, for information on items and dungeon mechanics! Current Status Sitting at just shy of $33k and 43% funded, the last week has brought out an incredible amount of support for Delver's Drop. Thank you very much for not only backing us, but also helping us spread the word. There is still a good ways to go to reach our goal and we'll definitely need all of the help we can get! VisionCon The past 2 days we've been exhibiting Delver's Drop at VisionCon here in Springfield. This is the third time we've demoed the game publicly (the others being PAX Prime 2012 and G.A.M.E. 2012) and we always gain a lot of valuable insight. We put together the first implementation of Endless Drop mode and let the convention attendees have at it. Here is a young Link doing some delving and dropping: There wasn't a lot of QA time available for this demo and as such some rooms were extremely difficult and others quite easy (and a few with funny bugs.) Despite that, the reception was quite good and a few folks who had previously played the demo at G.A.M.E. were impressed with the improvements. It is both exhilarating and terrifying to put your hard work on display for the public, never knowing what to expect. VisionCon serves us as a good opportunity to get prepared for PAX East next month, where a magnitude of order more people will see and play the game. Interviews This past week we were afforded the opportunity to have a chat with the folks over at arpgamer.com and discussed a lot of details about both ourselves and the game. You can listen to the podcast interview here: ARPGamer Interview with Pixelscopic . We were also very fortunate to snag some of Craig Stern's time, the man behind indierpgs.com , and divulge a good deal of additional information there as well. Indie RPGs Interview Hopefully between the two of these interviews there is enough information to hold over any and everyone curious about more of the game's details. We're still working on an update that contains even more information and will be posting that once it is finished. Last Bit We've come a long ways in just 8 days, but the battle is not won yet! We will continue to work on additional media, updates, and details to share with you all as we continue to try and expand the reach of this campaign. Let us know if you have any questions and as always, thank you very much. This will be a quick update! For those who wanted to know a bit more about our team and company, this one is for you... More on the game coming very soon! Pixelscopic [ ˌpik səl ˈskäp ik ] means that every aspect of our work reflects a love of the smallest nuances of the digital medium. We founded the company in 2010 in Missouri, USA (based in the cities of Purdy &amp; Springfield). Pixelscopic's founding principles were the development of games and user experiences of impeccable quality. We craft otherworldly experiences with passion for subtle aesthetic detail and creative ambitions as expansive as our imaginations. Over the course of their careers, our highly experienced team members have shipped 30+ titles combined (mostly for consoles) — filling roles from project leads, to department directors, to lead game designer. The two commercially-released games Pixelscopic has developed since it was founded are Moshi Monsters: Moshling Zoo and Moshi Monsters: Moshlings Theme Park , both for Nintendo DS (in cooperation with Mind Candy, Black Lantern Studios, and Activision). Since starting Pixelscopic, we've been driven toward creating original games for multiple platforms, the first example of which is Delver's Drop . Our goal is to focus on contemporary game design and high-definition 2D graphics, while gazing back at the wonders of our shared gaming past. Whether we are expounding epic lore or rewarding simple successes, we want our games to take root deep in the imaginative hearts of our fans. Our Team Ryan Baker , @ryancbaker — Role: Art, Animation, Design Ryan (aka “Baker”) is the creative leader behind the company’s conceptual and aesthetic vision. A graphic designer and painter before he moved to game development, he started in the industry as a pixel artist and sprite animator. He later served as an art director and creative director on a number of console games. Since founding Pixelscopic with Coby, Ryan’s constant goal is to design nuanced yet tightly constructed games, and to expand the company's artistic process with techniques from his background in fine art and illustration. He plays the drums, and his prized possession is his console game collection, including a few rarities. Ever heard of Vib Ribbon? Oddly for an artist, he is our resident spreadsheet wizard... and once prototyped a game in Excel because he is just that insanely meticulous. On Delver's Drop: Ryan developed the art style, paints all of the environments and characters, and works a lot on our game design and systems development. He also created the lore and history of the world, and works closely with Burrell and Coby to continue its development. Coby Utter , @rand0mshade — Role: Engine / Tools / Gameplay / Programming Coby manages the long term technology vision for Pixelscopic and oversees business development and administration. He spent several years as a Lead Programmer and later Programming Director at another game company before going independent, and started Pixelscopic in 2010. Coby has a strong interest in entrepreneurial experimentation and is driven by a fast, flexible, and user-friendly approach to game technology. On a daily basis he is the driving force for both our company’s cross-platform engine and our gameplay programming foundations. He remains active on independent game development forums, keeps an eye out for interesting indie RPGs, and is working to rebuild his SNES collection (his favorite game is Chrono Trigger). Our resident globetrotter, he speaks Spanish fluently and habitually checks the weather in other countries... just out of curiosity. On Delver's Drop: Coby created the engine and handles basically all of our gameplay programming. He also adds most of the nuance to our physics and control handling, adding interesting touches like Z-height and elasticity. Ryan Burrell , @rcburrell — Role: Technical Art / Design Ryan (aka “Burrell”) serves as a jack-of-all-trades, contributing in the areas of game design, visual production, user interfaces, scripting, and everything tool-related, as well as our web development needs. Ryan has occupied a variety of different roles throughout his career ranging from technical support specialist, to developer, to graphic designer, and has worked in industries ranging from ISPs and e-commerce to boutique design. He joined the Pixelscopic team in early 2011 and cut his teeth on their first Nintendo DS project. Ryan enjoys staying abreast of current trends and methodologies in the tech and entertainment sectors. He still makes it a point to play with LEGOs in his free time and can be found most Friday nights fumbling through a D&amp;D 3.5 session — these two activities often occurring at the same time. He also enjoys gardening, and owns several poisonous plants that he warns house guests not to eat. On Delver's Drop: Burrell is the key pipeline manager between Baker's art and Coby's code, and makes sure that assets get implemented into our system. He also designs the UI, develops ideas for weapons and items, does almost all of our level design, and writes a decent bit of our lore and descriptions. ---------------------------------------------------------- Thanks for reading! If there is anything else you want to know about us, just drop some questions below in the comments section! Now that you’ve all had time to read the campaign, we thought you would be ready for even more info. So we wrote this update to give a better explanation of: Gameplay Modes Game Length &amp; Replay Compatibility &amp; System Requirements Technical Features Accessibility Modding This one might get a little technical toward the end, but the next update will (probably!) be all about the fun stuff — gameplay mechanics! ------------------------------------------------------------ Modes Some of these modes can be chosen through the pre-game menu system, while others can be uncovered or experienced in the midst of normal campaign play. Some of them will be in the base game, and some will only be developed if we attain our Stretch Goals (see our main Kickstarter page for more details on that). Campaign (Story Mode) The primary mode of play in Delver’s Drop. Players will embark on an epic dive into the dungeons of the Drop, uncovering its secrets and revealing the true story behind their characters’ imprisonment. As you play, you will progress to deeper levels of the dungeon and open the Drop to even lower floors. But each time you die, you have to start the current level over, with a totally new and random floor layout. With our unique “semi-permadeath” you’ll keep your class’s level and perks, but lose any items you were carrying. As you progress, you’ll reveal more and more about each individual class’s story – how they came to be imprisoned, the history of their guild, and how they fit into the story and world of the Drop. Endless Drop Mode (Survival / Fast Play) Only have a few minutes to kill? Don’t want to mess with the story or level navigation? In this mode, you’ll complete one random self-contained room after another. Then you’ll drop through a hole into the next totally random room, which could contain puzzles, loot, or tons of enemies. The game will track the highest number of rooms you’ve survived in one go. This mode has 100% PERMADEATH! Survival and an endless variety of puzzles and enemies is what it’s about. You can also use this mode to hone your skills for the main campaign. Horde Mode A set of several combat arenas, which spawn waves of enemies with increasing frequency and difficulty. Manipulate the environment and grab randomly dropped weapons and items to give yourself the advantage against the hordes! This mode will have a near-infinite number of waves, and will track your highest achieved wave as well as kill counts. Score multiplier power-ups and timed combo kill counts make this our true high-score power mode. 4-Player Co-op Horde Mode [STRETCH GOAL!] This expands the above Horde Mode so that up to 4 players (local only) can cooperate to slay the waves of baddies. Difficulty and numbers of monsters will be tightly balanced for the number of players present. 4-Player Competitive Deathmatch [STRETCH GOAL!] Ready to slay your friends? In this mode, up to 4 players (local only) can bash and slash each other in a set of gladiatorial arenas. Think of it this way: Super Smash Brothers and Zelda: Four Swords have a little Delver lovechild! You and your friends will each pick a character class, choose a deadly arena, then duke it out until only one player remains! The environments contain deadly traps — use them to your advantage. Enemies will periodically spawn — lure them toward your opponents. Power-ups will drop at random — grab them as a wild-card for victory. We hope this will be your new go-to party game! Drop-in Co-op Companion Mode [STRETCH GOAL!] We want to offer a way for players to experience the main campaign with 2nd player co-op, so your friend, significant other, child, or pet can experience the game with you without just having to watch. The primary player will have the ability to summon a menagerie of mystical pets, familiars, and phantoms that the 2nd player can control. The companion player’s abilities will be somewhat limited because we don’t want this to become a “cheat mode” that makes combat or puzzles too easy. Summoning a companion will require some cooldown or replenishment of energy before it can be used again to keep the game balance solid. Try taking turns with your companion so you can both experiment with our variety of summoned creatures! 100 Room Labyrinth Puzzle Mode [STRETCH GOAL!] We’re really excited to create difficult puzzles, but we wouldn’t want to randomly generate rooms that mercilessly kill anyone who isn’t a puzzle-solving genius. That would suck in a game with permadeath. So this mode is designed to let you beat your brains against each gordian knot of a room over and over until you master it... all without having to worry about getting sent back to the beginning of the dungeon. This is separate from the main campaign, so try try again! You can jump back to your farthest point of progress at any time, or choose to replay any previously played room in convenient puzzle game style. ------------------------------------------------------------ Game Length &amp; Replay: In such an early state of development, it’s difficult to determine what the game length will be. We would also have to factor in player skill, deaths, restarts, and so on. But our target is for the game to basically be near the length of one of the 2D Zelda games on your first playthrough. But because of the randomization elements, you won’t be able memorize levels — meaning it’s a challenge every time, allowing for a high degree of replayability. Our unique “semi-permadeath” should also increase the time investment, while making sure the game isn’t brutally punishing. And with our random secrets, if one wanted to complete every objective and find every single item, it will take much longer than a "normal" playthrough. The game will also encourage players to replay levels (or the entire game) with different character classes in order to experience all facets of the story from their different viewpoints! So in short... we promise it will be a lengthy and satisfying experience, and our Alpha Access backers ($25 and above) can help us track play times to make sure that is the case! With randomization and multiple character classes, and tons of secrets and collectibles, we are striving for infinite replayability. ------------------------------------------------------------ Compatibility &amp; System Requirements The following are our currently estimated minimum system requirements. These are subject to change slightly based on play-testing, quality assurance, and optimization. Desktops &amp; Laptops Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, or Mac OSX 10.7+ 1 Ghz or better processor 512+ MB RAM 64+ MB Graphics Memory (VRAM) iOS iPhone 4, 4S, or 5 iPod Touch 4th or 5th generation iPad 1, 2, 3 or 4 iPad Mini Android 1 Ghz or better processor 512+ MB RAM Android 2.3.3+ ------------------------------------------------------------ Features Incredible HD Visuals We create all of the art as high-resolution hand-painted images, usually 4-8x the resolution we plan to display it. These images are then animated and/or exported for use in the game at two texture resolutions for different devices, in order to optimize memory and performance against resolution. Combined with our highly custom graphics engine, this allows us to natively support resolutions up to 2880 x 1800 (encompasses Retina for the newest MacBook Pro), or as small as 480 x 320. We slightly crop and/or down-scale the graphics to suit your device, for every standard aspect ratio. We can display at any resolution in that range with absolutely no stretching, no up-scaling, and no letterboxing! This means that no matter what device or monitor you use, you get Delver’s Drop full-screen in as much crisp HD glory as your device can handle. Controls In addition to fully customizable keyboard controls, we will support a variety of controllers, including XBox 360 and PS3 controllers. Here is an example of our current control scheme for the 360 gamepad: Movement — Left Analog Stick / D-Pad Primary Weapon Attack — A Button Special Class Ability — Y Button Equipped Sub-Item — X Button Sub-Item Quick-Swap — B Button Cycle Sub-Items — L/R Bumpers or Triggers Mobile Touch Controls We also have a working prototype of our controls for touch devices (iOS, Android), and we’re confident that Delver’s Drop already has amazing touch controls. Honestly we still have some fine-tuning to do, but we think you’ll be surprised at how great and intuitive it feels when you play it. No clunky on-screen virtual sticks; just slide your finger a tiny bit and your Delver is off and running. You’ll cycle your sub-items just by swiping, and tap anywhere on the right side of the screen to attack. You’ll never have to worry about “missing” the attack button in the heat of battle! Accessibility Craig Kaufman brought to our attention the need for more information about accessibility, in reference to <url>’re working on the following options: Remappable Keys / Custom Controller Mapping will be completely supported. Changeable Font Visibility — We will attempt to offer another version of text display (possibly more like subtitles) so that the text can be displayed larger and with higher contrast for improved visibility. Color-Blind Usability — We have no plans to use color exclusively as the indicator for puzzles, so the game should be playable to those with limited color differentiation. We will attempt to further distinguish any color-coded objects by shape as well. Palette swaps are lame! Mouse-only Controls — We have talked about ways to implement mouse controls that might work similarly to our touch controls, where a simple mouse movement translates into character movement. This is still under consideration, but we feel that we will be able to find a comfortable solution to perform all of the game’s functions for mouse-only users, provided their mouse has at least 3 buttons and a scroll wheel. ------------------------------------------------------------ Modding The game features a custom scripting and database system based on XML, which uses both internally developed tools, as well as some free tools like Tiled , and commercially available tools like Spine . Everything in the game is moddable, from character properties to map layouts. We use these systems to quickly create new content, and we’re excited to see what the community can do once we release these features. Modding documentation may be available shortly after the game’s release, though we will make efforts to have this information available at launch. ------------------------------------------------------------ Thanks for making it all the way through our (lengthy) second update! Don't forget to share this information with friends and through the social mediaverse. We could use even more tweets , likes , shares , and Greenlight votes . And don't hesitate to let us know how we can keep improving this Kickstarter campaign with your comments and direct messages! Contents: Release Platforms / Prices / Dates Clarifications Linux clarification Earlier Access - Alpha, Closed Beta, Open Beta Tier Adjustments NEW All-Digital Deluxe Tier More Signed Reward Items Response to Comments on Exclusive Content Conventions! ------------------------------------------------------------ Hey, Delvers! 20% in 3 days? Our backers are incredible! Since launch, it’s been incredibly exciting for all of us at Pixelscopic. We've put a lot of love into Delver's Drop and are thrilled that so many people are interested in it. Thank you for all of your generosity, support, questions, and suggestions! Keep it all coming, we're trying to respond to everyone and address all of the feedback we're getting to make this campaign as transparent and beneficial to our backers as possible. Now on to cleaning up and improving the campaign: ------------------------------------------------------------ Change Log / Clarifications The following are a list of changes and clarifications we’ve made to improve the campaign, from better wording to better reward info! 1. Release Pricing Clarification → Section changed: “Ready to Delve” We wanted to clarify that the game will release at $15 in October. This means that by pre-ordering the game at the $15 tier, you are getting the game at cost, PLUS getting all of the included bonuses digital items, for free! We’re now also throwing in early Open Beta Access to the game at this tier as an added bonus. 2. Linux → Section changed: “Ready to Delve” and “Stretch Goals” Due to lack of attention and clarity on our part, there has been some confusion about the Linux port. It has always been our intention to put Delver's Drop on Linux! We just didn't exactly mention that... Whoops. However, we are a small team and are developing our own technology. Right now, the engine only supports PC, Mac, and iOS; Android is close behind in terms of completion. Since we need to focus on finishing the game, it would not be possible for us to launch the Linux version day-and-date with the PC / Mac versions. We didn't include Linux because we just weren't sure when we could finish it, but since there is so much demand, we're going to make it a reality. But for the above reasons, we included the Linux stretch goal: with the extra funds, we would be able to bring on additional programming support to ensure that PC, Mac, and Linux versions launch simultaneously. Sorry for the confusion! 3. Mobile - iOS &amp; Android → Section changed: “Ready to Delve” It also wasn’t very clear how mobile is or isn’t included in the campaign. Unfortunately, we do not currently have a way to distribute mobile builds, and therefore there is no reward tier that includes mobile (iOS or Android) versions. These would have to be purchased separately upon release. BUT! If we do find a way to distribute builds (and we promise we will try, cross our heart and hope to die), we will include iOS and Android builds to every backer from the $15 tier and up. We’ll keep you posted if / when this changes! 4. Expansion of Milestones + Game Access → Section changed: “Ready to Delve,” “Progress &amp; Milestones,” and “Loot Drop” We’re now adding Alpha Access and an Open Beta! See the next section below for more information. We’ve adjusted wording in the campaign to improve the clarity of the above items. Let us know if we goofed anything else up! ------------------------------------------------------------ Reward Improvements / Additions → Section changed: “Loot Drop” Please Note: Unfortunately we CANNOT change the tier descriptions in the sidebar once anyone has made a pledge at that tier, so if something isn't clear, please let us know! Based on feedback, we’ve also upgraded two tiers, and added another: CHANGE 1 — Earlier Access We've received a lot requests to consider opening access to the game at Alpha and this was actually something we considered heavily prior to launch. After talking it over again and planning for the logistics, we've decided to go ahead and give earlier access to the game! What does that mean exactly? $25 Tier Improvement - ALPHA ACCESS! It means that at the $25 Tier, you will get access to the game during its Alpha stages, in approximately late June. This tier will still include exclusive Closed Beta + forum access in August. Note that forum access may or may not be available during the Alpha, but we will still be accepting feedback. $15 Tier Improvement - OPEN BETA ACCESS! We are now also adding an Open Beta phase, which will occur approximately in September. Open Beta means that it will not be exclusive to Kickstarter backers, and we may allow other players to participate. We are still determining how the Open Beta will function with regards to other participants. Difference between Alpha, Closed Beta, &amp; Open Beta: Alpha players will be able to give early feedback that will influence the game in a very direct way. At this early point, we can still change some features and improve systems. Closed Beta will allow players to actively participate in the polish phase, suggesting minor improvements and adjustments. However major features and systems will be locked in by this point. Open Beta will allow users to play the game early, in a stable form. Some bugs and very minor polish items may be present, and you can help us find and solve these issues! We truly mean it when we say that we want your help to make Delver's Drop as good as it can be, and giving you access to the build earlier simply makes too much sense to not do. CHANGE 2 — NEW TIER: All-Digital Deluxe ($50) Numerous suggestions have come in asking about the possibility of an All-Digital tier, which is a great idea for those who prefer digital goods over physicals. The new tier is only $50 and includes: All rewards from the $5, $15, $25, and $40 tiers except for the postcard. Kickstarter exclusive Character class from the $60 tier All in-game item packs from the $15-100 tiers It's incredibly important to us that we offer very high value rewards across all the tiers and we want to fine tune this campaign to perfection! CHANGE 3 — More Signed Items! We are also upgrading the $100 and $120 tiers so that both the physical game case and the softbound artbook will be signed by the full dev team. Note: Other items marked as signed will most likely only be signed by the artist. ------------------------------------------------------------ Exclusive Content – Response to Comments We have had some comments regarding exclusive in-game content (both inside of Kickstarter and on other sites) that need to be addressed. We definitely understand the frustration with exclusive content. The in-game content rewards were an addition we made before launch to increase the value proposition for Kickstarter backers — though this unfortunately ends up withholding some content from non-backers. We understand that some are unhappy with this decision, and regret dividing our user base in this way. Unfortunately we cannot alter rewards once a tier has been backed, so the in-game content rewards cannot be changed. We're obligated to keep the items marked "exclusive" as they are, under Kickstarter's terms of service. BUT... after we further explain how items work in the game, and the nature of these exclusive items, we feel that all parties will be better satisfied. So please be patient for our next update, and continue to give us more suggestions on how to work this out and improve the campaign! In the meantime, to give a better value to those who want the complete game: We created the new ALL-DIGITAL TIER, in which all of the digital content is available, including the exclusive Kickstarter in-game content. This addition allows us to offer a high-value digital-only package, without the need to substantially alter our existing tiers (which is against the rules). Obviously this is a compromise, but we hope that it at least shows we are willing to improve what we can to make this campaign and the game as rewarding as possible, for Kickstarter backers and non-backers alike. ------------------------------------------------------------ Conventions: VisionCon and PAX East This upcoming weekend (February 15th - 17th) we will be exhibiting at VisionCon here in Springfield, Missouri. Check out <url>’re really impressed / flattered / amazed with all of the interest, praise, articles, comments, shares, tweets... We appreciate every mention, from articles on a major gaming site to the smallest Facebook comment — wish we could mention you all by name, but I think we’ve already lost track of all the love. Please share our campaign with anyone you think would be interested, and we will keep working to spread the word as well!