@John The campaign here was cancelled by Kickstarter because the project creators didn't actually design the Dot (it's an existing product they're working with the manufacturer to tweak) and they had no working prototype of the stereo version, despite claims to the contrary. They've now launched an Indiegogo campaign where they have so far failed to deliver anything. You can back the Indiegogo campaign if you like, but it will be months before you see anything and it's still questionable if they can deliver a working stereo version. I'm confused. Is this over?? So your YouTube update is a video of the dot stereo working, but not through a human head, which is the real challenge. And your campaign update is a post stating you're pushing back the shipping date of the stereo dot because you have the same dropout issues as Earin. I guess back on July 11 when you said the stereo dot was "already developed" it hadn't yet been tested. Earin spent many months trying to sort dropout issues and it looks like they have at least partially failed. I respect that you're not willing to ship a product with issues, but how are you going to achieve what Earin couldn't? And how will you do it in a reasonable time frame? @Ivan Kan Looks like you and your friends are at it again. ZapTip? I can order them from aliexpress right now. And I'm guessing you still have no stereo Dot prototype yet... Frankly you deserved to have this campaign suspended. Hey guys Just wondering when you guys think you'll go to production @Ivan That's great to hear. And I'm glad you're having a better time of it over on Indiegogo after your slipups here. Best of luck getting the Dot out the door in a few months time. Thanks Ivan, good to see the response is positive. You missed my question on the stereo Dot though, how is progress? Do you have anything to demo yet? I wonder what would become of the IndieGoGo campaign. Pearbuds is live on Kickstarter and looks like a class apart from this, not to mention the risk of backing this one on IndieGoGo Thanks Ivan, but you've already posted the link twelve times here, including three posts below your most recent. I'm sure everyone knows the indiegogo link by now. Do you have links to the feedback from the backers who got to try samples? Unless I missed it you never announced the winners. And how are the stereo Dots coming? @Muhammad The Kickstarter was suspended for violating the rules. Ivan has continued his campaign over on Indigogo where the rules allow for the type of project he is running. If you want the Dot, you'll need to pledge there. Does it mean Kickstarter campaign for the Dot is running? Or do we have to cancel this and follow the new relaunch link that you post out? Is the project not suspended? Is it still going on or??? Not really sure what's going on? I just inquired about the demoing of the prototype on indiegogo mr. Kan I would demo I want to see if the stereo version is functional or even a physical idea at this point I don't know if I would say the article was nice, so much as I would say it was one-sided. Any journalist worth their salt would try and be as objective as possible - the title alone sets the tone for the entire article. It's downright shameful how they went after backers but didn't focus on how it's also up to a campaign creator to be communicative and honest, which many don't believe was the case. The updated Digital Trends article is nice and all but it does seem to take Ivan's word at face value, which under the circumstances seems foolish, and it doesn't the obvious questions. @Ivan, The article states you discovered the Dot at a trade show and worked with the manufacturer to improve it, so what changes did your team make to the Dot after discovering it? And in what state is development of the Stereo Dot? @Bryan They surely know since they removed the price to put the "contact for inquiry" on their page in the middle of tge KS campaign. Special Lab is most probably their biggest client since nobody else seems to sell it even though it's on volume sale since Dec 2014. This just doesn't seem fair to the original creator... Do they even know anything about this campaign? Sure, maybe you got permission to rebrand it, but you should give credit where credit is due. @Ivan instead of putting it in smaller print towards the end of the campaign. How bout you highlight that fact that some one else made it in the beginning nice and big so they see you are not the designer. Oh wait that means people wouldn't fund it because you are not the creator. Here is another idea how about you take campaign and kill it. Let the company who is making it relaunch it so it is legitimate and has the true meaning of a real crown funding campaign. Or even even higher markup $16 to $59-$69, and $?? To $79-$89 @John The Mono is not fake. It is an $16 Enjoyou product that is being resold on IGG for $59 (huge markup). As for the $79 Stereo version, well, Enjoyou don't have it for resale yet, so it is either a future resale, or a future scam if Enjoyou decide not the develop it (the designers and engineers are there, not at Special Labs). Don't know whether it's fake or not, but if it is, over on IGG, people could be losing $65,000. That's why I like Kickstarter. Funds aren't collected unless the goal is met, and they have a much better quality control team. There is no "we", Ivan. There is only you. And I suggest you restart this campaign under no false pretenses, and be upfront about what you're doing. And that is taking a Chinese product you found for cheap and putting your brand on it, selling it for much more than you bought it for. Don't lie and tell your customers that you designed or manufactured ANYTHING. Be honest and tell them you took credit for someone else's product. Now that I'm actually saying this, I see how ridiculous it sounds... Maybe just take your IGG campaign down. There's nothing I hate more than scammers and I hope you face legal repercussions for what you're doing to these poor people over on IGG. I must admit, the DigitalTrends article is interesting. It really would have been nice if Ivan had explained that to us as soon as these questions arose. However, we Kickstarters don't appreciate being resold to, and that's actually against Kickstarter policy. While this is supposedly not a complete resale (part resell, part re-design and innovation), this grey, in-between, area would have been understood by most backers. I hope that after the Indiegogo project funds, is delivered, and then tweaked for higher standard... that Ivan will restart another Kickstarter with a more refined product... Or even better. Highgrade buds. <url>#carousel-easy-moto-hint From the Techcrunch "journalist" : "When people putting their money behind a product have questions — no matter how misguided they may be — they deserve honest, timely, and transparent answers." Yep! What about that question/comment that I asked more than one week ago (for the second time) ? ;-) : "What about doing a cheap video right now of [the stereo prototype] working, and puting it on the project page? Easy!" 1. Its funny that you rather poured your hearts out to the editor of Digital Trends (Caleb Denison) and told him the entire story but not to Backers here. Backers are the one who give you real money!!!! How much did Caleb Denison pledge? People asked many questions without getting answer and now you are calling them mobs? 2. "on behalf of the creators" - You never say that in your campaign, if you did, its not gonna be like this. You have "Creator" in front of your name but actually you are not. 3. I think Ivan killed it by lock of honest. Ivan has no one to blame but himself. "When people putting their money behind a product have questions — no matter how misguided they may be — they deserve honest, timely, and transparent answers." You darn Internet vigilantes and your misguided questions. The problem with crowdfunding is that websites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo don't care if the "projects" are a scam or not. All they care is about getting their share of the money. Indiegogo is especially "good" at helping scammers like Ivan Kan, but Kickstarter is not too far behind. Anyone who wants to know the validity of the patents provided by Ivan and the DOT campaign please read my analysis of proof of fraudulent behavior by DOT, here: <url>"proof of patents" is laughable and shows no link to your company. What are the filing numbers for these patents? Your project is 100% a money making, reseller exercise and the Dot is one of many similar mono Bluetooth headsets. @Ben Thats why this is a money making scam:) @SoSpecialLabs - Ok helping raise money... But the retail bulk price is $15-20? you charging x3+ amount.. Usually KS or Ind is to seek backers in return backers usually gets the project at a discounted price, not costing backers 2-3 or even more times the amount. It's like me charging you $10 for a Snicker Bar I bought for a $1. Hi~Please kindly advise why the funding suspended. TKS LMAO turn out So Special Labs is just a wholesalers. Ivan, you just buy cheap and resell higher. Of course Kickstarter put an end to your campaign, nothing to complain about it. I guess I will just get "dot" directly from China. Ivan, nice update, but you contradict yourself there. First, you have repeatedly and consistently given the impression that So Special Labs designed the Dot. Perhaps you have been careful to avoid saying it directly but that is certainly the impression you have been selling and selling hard. Kickstarter rules require that you are the product creator which explains your need to misrepresent this rather important detail. Second, we didn't label this project a scam "because similar products already exist in other markets", we flagged it as violating the rules because the exact same product is already available from the same source you will ultimately purchase from, for a fraction of the cost, and you were presenting yourself as the designer of the product, which you are not. You are simply reselling an existing product as you well know. And what happened to your claim that competitors were sabotaging this Kickstarter? That's now turned into people who were "linked to campaigns with competing products" being "negative". Again, if you're referring to me, yes I am linked to competing products (not that this product competes at all well with the Dash or Earin), I'm a backer of the Dash. But I don't work for them. I don't care what people do or do not buy, so long as they know what they're actually buying. You seem determined to hide those details. Does So Special Labs directly employ any designers? You use the word "team" a lot, but as far as I can tell it's just you are your business partner, who has been involved in direct resell crowdfund projects in the past. I come from a family of lawyers and car salesmen, I can smell bullsh*t a mile away. And your carefully crafted statements reek of it. Ivan, I don't even wanna spend a penny on your new successful ripoff so I'll tell you here. Legitimacy is not something you validate, it's us or people who are not involved in the process or have no connection to whatever you do. Hire your friends and let them write you are legit. Maybe you are already doing it ;) Nice to have friends in marketing. The campaign ever once said they were not the creators, developers, or supporters of the chinese product. Now they claim that they were only trying help the creators... how did they do this? By rebranding the product, changing its name, and not giving any credit to its real creators. Oh yeah, that part where they tried to claim the patent was theirs, by showing cad drawings and PCB files, that was just to promote the product in order to bring it to US markets. What BS, Ivan you are just digging yourself a deeper hole. Admit fault before legal action is taken against you. Ivan, you could have said that at first when you started the campaign and showed your collaborator so they take the credit but not you. You could have said that when we put up the link of the chinese company for bulk sale of dot and not telling that we are not backers but competitors. It is easy to tell based on your linkedin, Facebook, and your websites that you do not have capability of developing the dot but create websites for it and resell the product. your response also made you look bad. it sounded like you contacted the company after we found out you are reselling their product and now you are telling us that you are an "incubator" for new idea. everything you did was bad moves. you need to learn how to play chess @Jon According to Ivan, he did make a complaint to IGG regarding the other Dot campaign. But since he must have many red flags on its own projects, IGG will probably takes its time to remove it. Anyone notice (probably have) that there are 2 Dot campaigns currently going on IndieGoGo? <url>#/story <url>#/story The 2nd one is extremely likely a fake as the person running it is not even from the same country as the original campaign (or the first link above). Both campaigns have been up almost exactly the same amount of time. If one is a scam, why hasn't the creator contacted IndieGoGo to shut the other down...and if it's on purpose...HUGE RED FLAG as most scammers on IndieGoGo run multiple campaigns at the same time to get more money quickly before they run off and hide. Personally I don't trust ANY campaign on IndieGoGo and campaign owners who run their campaigns there lose all faith with me. IndieGoGo has a solid reputation to supporting scammers. I challenged them legally awhile back and they responded with a portion of their Terms that states: (a) the Company is under no obligation to become involved in disputes between campaign owners and contributors; (b) contributions are made voluntarily, at the sole risk and discretion of contributors; © the Company makes no representations about the quality, safety, morality or legality of any campaign or the truth or accuracy of user content on the Site; and (d) the Company makes no guarantee that campaign owners will deliver perks. The fact that they specifically call out that they don't care about the "legality of the campaign" and that "delivering perks" is not required of any campaign owner is a huge red flag. Other fund raising sites have similar terms, but not as excessive as IndieGoGo. KickStarter requires campaign owners to come to an acceptable resolution with their contributors if they can't deliver on the campaign promises. IndieGoGo makes it clear they don't care if delivery happens as long as they get their cut of the money. Because this campaign has chosen IndieGoGo as their new source of fund raising, I will not be a future contributor of this product, nor will I invest any money to their other future campaigns. And the link to the IndieGoGo isnt working... Thank you Kickstarter for protecting us. I have done few pledge on IndieGogo myself and but kickstarter is more safe and do the job right. In the past had one pledge time was suspended and so far this is 2nd one but I'm glad KS is doing the right things. Now days similar products are out there on campaign as be aware too. I just read the comments on IndieGogo and try to convince it but hope does not make to the pledge amount. Where's that explanation you keep promising Ivan? This is the very reason why I do not quite use IndieGogo. I only pledged there once and, even though every so often there is some outstanding project there, I refrain from pledging further ever since. Being able to change the pledge or even cancel it is quite welcome. Now, if IndieGoGo accepts one to sell already existing products... Maybe each one of us should offer Enjoyou phones with a new name... That shall call their attention... :^) I'd like to give the creator the benefit of the doubt but Kickstarter actually has a few checks in place. In IndieGogo's case, flexible funding means that even if the project doesn't reach its goal (although it's close) they still collect the pledges. If I recall correctly with IGG, as soon as you pledge your money is gone to IGG/Project and it's a pain to get your money back. Kickstarter doesn't bill you until the end of project if successful. Caveat emptor, everyone. @lord sam green, no i am not connected to them in any way. I thought they are really cool so i shared a few times @miqu mama Are you in some way associated with pear buds? There's not a lot of info on their website and you are pushing them HARD. These look better <url>## Please do not write below this line ## Hi there, Thank you for sharing your concern with us. At this time, the campaign is under review to ensure that it adheres to our Terms of Use (<url>’s Trust & Safety effort, please visit: www.indiegogo.com/trust Please note that you do not need to contact us again. Doing so would create a new ticket and prolong the process. Thank you again for taking the time to get in touch with us and for helping to keep Indiegogo a safe and secure platform. This email is a service from Indiegogo Support. Here is what sent The campaign <url>#/ is an attempt to buy. An already device and sell that device for a profit. They did not create this device. Here is the existing product they claim they developed. <url>"your" design is already up for sale on the globalsource website ?? Start with this!! We need more proof! If you buy a solution from a OEM, certainly you will get their CAD and PCB design files and some other stuff. Posting those files doesn't mean anything. I feel pretty bad for the indiegogo backers, did someone try backing and commenting or is the campaign holder deleting everyone's comments? Just reported that scam on Indiegogo as well... I urge other to do so too: <url>"Real Story".. But all I got was a "spam" for your indigogo campaign. What about starting with information first and the gathering "money" later. Until you prove otherwise the Dot still looks like you are scamming! Wow, SCAMMERS GALORE! Really, crowdfunding is going down the darin with those crowdfunding websites likce kickstarter, indiegogo etc.not taking any responsibility. I think someone copied the copier! Or maybe someone is resaling the same exact product in the first place. And the Indiegogo says you are now based in Manchester, UK - interesting.... So let me get this straight - you promise to send a newsletter - and don't - then you launch on Indiegogo at a lower price - and this is supposed to instill some sort of confidence that you are legitimate? How about letting us know what's really going on and letting us decide? I am waiting for these guys to launch, great alternative! <url>"proofs" are laughable, the can just easily be done through photoshop or any graphics program. Those aren't CAD or PCBA engineering files, it is just a simple graphic. If he had the real CAD/PCBA files he could just easily make a video showing them in the respective programs and actually working with it. And he would be able to provide video of all the engineering developments. If he continues this scam on Indiegogo, let's make the effort and pledge a dollar there and warn those poor backers over there. Poor Ivan, you are trying to creating another fake campaign to cheat others. There is not an acceptable reason that you are talking. Enjoyou are showed us that we can buy "your" kickstarter products. this may sound like what competitor would write maybe... I can put my CAD to support I'm not a competitor I guess. I'm furious now and really disappointed. I really really liked your idea and wanted and still want to help you develop Dot Stereo. This would be a great addition to our everyday life. I do not care about Mono since similar products are out there even on Amazon for $10. What I wanted was the honest answer. There was a possibility of this Chinese company stole your idea and wanted to let you know so you can protect your invention. I do not care if you work with this company to resell stuff. I still want the stereo. The problem is I'm not here to buy the Dot Stereo as a product, I'm here to help develop the Dot Stereo that I was waiting for a long time to be on the market so I can tell friends that I help develop this cool stuff I love to tell or giving you as a present. I'm not an engineer/creator/inventor who can make something others will love. Instead, I try to be the one who supports the greatest idea come to our ordinary life so I get similar satisfaction as I may get being creator. You do whatever you do for now and the future but please do not break backers heart. You disgust me. @scornwell I may be on the list too since I asked a couple of stinky questions! My employer would be very surprised about this! ;-) OMG after all this, Ivan still wont explain what's going on. competitors/factories ?!!!! Is that the best explanation you got? Pfff....There is nothing to steal because I can just buy it at <url>"www.altoearbuds.com" they have pre-order and I think they'll be launching soon as well. So far, I really like the design looks comfortable. check them out! If the battery life is only going to last 1 hour I may have to withdraw my pledge. I would love to get an update or at least hear that the creators are work on this . Ivan, seems u have hard time to "show" people, this is the first project on Kickstarter or indiegogo where people bombard with questions and not praise. Make me really want to withdraw more after reading a post you made 17hrs ago. " Creator Ivan Kan about 17 hours ago Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are contacting the factory and listing for the product, Enjoy You now and will update all backers once we have found a resolution" I think you could have accidentally show which factory you are contacting with... "Enjoy You" when pulls near will appear as "EnjoyYou" where people may mistaken as "EnjoYou".... Ivan, what do you mean by "...we are in contact with the factory mentioned, and in FULL, HAPPY COOPERATION." How can that be? Are you in business with this factory and company? One of you has to be the main company that has designed and is having this device manufactured. Or are you taking their device and redesigning the pcb to allow for it to be used with two Dots working together as a pair? Ivan, to be frank... I waited 2 days before pledging. on the 2nd day after pledge and seeing such comments and also looking at those pics... of other website.. they are really look alike.... so??? for first i tot 9 hours.. WOW. amaze.... but then 6 * 1.5 = 9 hr... hmmmm make me wonder. does make me feel like cancelling my pledge too :) Looking at this <url>#1105713585 , Kickstarter should be locking this soon.. come on guys.. if you are considering wireless earbuds in this price range, help back the gogo-s on indiegogo, there are early birds available.. @Dropkick 20 hours on one charge is probably idle time if you don't listen to said music (each charge, without using the Dot) 6 hours is 6 charges x 1 hour Mombo jombo isn't? @All I'm confused, I'm sure it's been brought up before; their saying it has "a week of music on one charge" in the video. It has a 6 hour music indicator on the project emblem. And now their saying it only had an hour long battery life while listening to music? @Scornwell: Are you sure the BT-09 is shipping ? If this have been in production for a year, they could technically have been ripped-off/copied. But yes, the more you look into this KS the more discrepancies you find. So fare it looks very much like a one man project=buy low & sell high!. They still have to prove the Stereo design are working(Look again to Erin and Dash, that have not been a smooth ride). And it looks like they are using the csr8610 BT chip(Based on the globalsource BT-09). There is no way to get that to work in a master/slave setup(What I can read from the specs!). I properly won't be backing this anyway for the simply "issue" of the 1h music time. And I have also backed both Earin & Dash. @Mads There are other (questionable) crowdfunds for Dash and Earin lookalikes but nothing I've seen that's actually shipping. Hell, neither the Dash or Earin are actually finished so clones aren't really a possibility. The project creators here have some questions to answer which they seem to be actively avoiding. And by the way, CAD and PCB are only for the mono version (surprise, surprise), and not very detailed. They could certainly have been provided by their provider (most probably Shenzhen EnJoYou Electronics Co. Ltd), or retroengineered. Go take a look at the The Dash pages and updates to see what technical informations are. You'll all see the differences! And The Dash has been very clear that they can't "show it all" for IP reasons. @Scornwell. Not that I disagree, it do look a bit fishy. Both the Dash and Earin already have clones(Not as exact looking as the Dot "clones") on china websites. Not sure they are shipping though. So unless we see the "BT-09" in the wild, it could go both ways. But let's see about the Stereo version, that not out there. That might prove it's unik and they just got ripped off. @Mads Or alternatively, the Chinese company designed and manufactured the product and Ivan is just reselling it, just like his business partner did on a previous project. Which seems more likely to you? Either way, this is an existing product which I can order right now (albeit in large quantities) and that violates Kickstarter rules. Until Ivan provides an explanation for the Chinese product and proof of the stereo version in development I stand by my assessment. One thing is certain, Ivan is not giving us the whole truth. @Scornwell You do get if the globalsource are copying the product. It properly is not ready for sale yet. China's "illegal" cloners promote "new" products before they are made or even ready for production. And give them a chance, 27 days left. LMAO Maybe someone from Shenzhen EnJoYou Electronics Co. Ltd is checking the comments. WOW that's very fast!! they took out the price. <url>"buy 1000 pieces each $16". It only shows "Get Latest Price - Send inquiry to get the latest price" I wonder why~~ BTW There is the official Enjoyou website link fyi <url>"China Rip off/Clone" And since samples of the Mono have been set out, this could be why clones are getting published before the released. The Stereo is not done yet and no clones yet. This speaks for the validity of this project ? Could anyone try to dig deeper in cache history ?? @scornwell Think they updated the pictures on the project page ? Ok Ivan, so where are the screenshots? And how is it that your product is already for sale for $16? You haven't actually answered any questions. @Ryan And a little on the high side given they're doing nothing but placing the order and shipping them out... Seriously, 8 hours and no answer from Ivan. That speaks volumes. Sadly people are still backing this scam. The more people that take a few minutes to report this project the better. For anyone unsure how: 1) Go to the Campaign Page. 2) Scroll to the bottom and click "Report this project to Kickstarter" then "This project breaks one of Our Rules." then "Resale". 3) Briefly explain the situation and most importantly, paste the link: <url>"Report this Project" (Also, isn't asking for $30,000 a bit on the low side if you're doing all the R&D and manufacturing?) Canceling pledge now. Thank you, backer community, for saving my money. Product in question: <url>#1105713585 It sucks to think so many people are going to lose their money and this guy stands to make over TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS!!! He's going to laugh all the way to the bank. www.puhua-tech.com/product-show_12302/ Oh no, I've already pledged... I'm out. Too many red flags here. I also see too many negative reviews of similar product types. I think a consumer electronic is probably better suited for development by big money corporations (sony, apple, etc.) who have the money to throw into research and development to deliver a quality, refined product. I've been disappointed on KS too many times when it comes to tech projects. Love the idea. Had to pledge for a pair. Just a comment on the new stretch goal, it seems a bit aggressive for colors. I don't know what it costs, but reaching 500k for colors is a bit extreme. For 500k I would love it if there was an integrated Bluetooth transmitter with an audio jack. So this can be used with none Bluetooth devices. Like airplanes, none Bluetooth pcs. I know that might be too much, but you guys asked. � Wow, that's a pretty scumbag move, if you're just reselling this for a substantial premium. Almost got suckered in. Thanks to the folks who did their research. Well well, I should have figured as soon as I heard about ChargeTech's involvement, since they did the exact same thing, re-label and re-sell an existing product at a premium. I'll be cancelling my pledge now. <url>"Report this project to Kickstarter". So how do I report this project for violating the rules? Wow thanks for saving me from ANOTHER bad KS protect I just pledge. Not now Thanks Keep this on top so future backers can see it. <url>"Report this project to Kickstarter". go to the 'campaign' tab, scroll to the bottom and cn 'report your concerns to kickstarter', as there is no answer yet. Thank you for your explanation LH. Then we have to wait to the answer of the "creator" to know if he is the real creator or not, right? Or we have to write to Kickstarter to let they know the current situation? Hello Ivan, Yes please, Tell us if you are the creator or not. I see the word 'Creator' my your Avatar. And Enjoyou has been released since more than 1 year (April 2014)! How can you explain this? Hi Ivan, Did you or did you not produce this item? ______________________________ Kickstarter rules: Resale Projects cannot offer items that aren't directly produced by the creator. Sergio- they don't have to return any money. Likely if Creator violates the rule- KS will suspend and close the campaign. No money would be collected from your account. I have just become in a contributor and when I have seen this post about the originality of the product I have started to feel a bad sensation. I don't know how it works exactly Kickstarter but if it is demonstrated that it is a copy do they have to return the money back to the contributors? Thank you everybody @Ben What possible explanation can there be for this supposedly original product being identical to an existing product, available for a fraction of the cost, from a Chinese manufacturer? So congrats to Tatsuya! Missed the original post!. Tatsuya Akiyama actually found it. Think a lot of others missed the post. But I don't want to dis the creator yet. Give him a chance to example. That could explain why they are very reluctant to show the stereo prototype, and only provided a video of the mono prototype that was made many months ago (Ivan even told us so!) They don't "own" the product and can't make videos of it whenever they want. Seen that in several projects where the creator was only a distributor, reseller, or made very marginal improvement to the product (ex. colors, case, etc.) @Marie-Andree Poisson Yep, there is no doubt in my mind that So Special Labs had nothing to do with the creation of this product, they're just getting funds here to bulk purchase from the manufacturer and sell on at a significant profit. I've reported the project to Kickstarter, I suggest other backers do the same. To give credit, it was Tatsuya Akiyama who uncovered the original link: <url>#1105713585 I have just now read that the battery life is being considered as a stretch goal on the update, cheers. An hour along is not long enough for anything shown in the video - the average high school/college class is an hour to two hours long, workouts often last for over an hour, and movies are over an hour long as well. The Dot as it is now, is definitely not enough for "a weeks worth of music in a single charge" - even with the six charges. I'm sure that anyone interested in putting their money into a wireless earbud would be looking for something as a wearable integrated into their entire day of work/school/play, and six hours in a week cannot do that for them. Whilst I hope that the Dot's battery can be improved upon (maybe as a stretch goal? we're well over the goal of 30,000 now) I believe this is a great project that I'm glad to be backing! I'm out. Major reasons: 1] Initial statement that only mono prototype exists and was shown. A few hours later it is mentioned a stereo prototype also existed. If stereo does not exist, implementing in a small form factor in this short a time is unlikely [based on other projects experiences in this area]. Creator comments imply to me a surprise that stereo was a popular option. 2] Skewed comparisons between this and similar products in favor of the dot. Tables not yet updated to show more accuracy. 3] 1 - 1.5 hour battery life. 4] Similar products already exist. I wish all a good campaign and a superior product. Also terms of use say don't be misleading so really either way lol. @zach First off thanks for linking my comment I am very curious on the creators stance on it. Second, it is actually false advertising. Both of the other options dash and earin have chargers as well that prolong their life well past listed. It's like saying "we have the fastest car in the world*" "*using all 4 wheels" implying that the other cars only use two. There are reasons you can't pull things like that in ads. It would be really cool if that charging device plugged into headphone jacks and turned something into a bluetooth connector. For example, if you are at a treadmill at the gym and the device doesn't have bluetooth! Kenneth: I'm afraid you have a misunderstanding of how false advertising works. While it may be misleading at first glance, it does not break the kickstarter rule. That little asterisk? It places the responsibility squarely on the shoulders of the backer/consumer. I'm not saying that I condone or agree with the practice (I'd like it changed to be more direct and honest), but does not violate a kickstarter rule. Ivan: I'm reposting my unanswered questions here as you answered my biggest concern (battery life). Don't worry about missing them the first time through. The backers of this project seem more aggressive than most projects, so it's understandable that not every question will get answered. Will the Dot(s) have a L/R assignment when paired as a set? Are the included chargers/carrying cases inductive or conductive chargers? See Nathan's comment (linked below) for my thought process about battery life. <url>#comment-10455581 The misrepresentation clearly breaks the Kickstarter rules (2nd rule!).... Check out this earbud campaign (for an alternative) <url>"It really doesn't reflect too well on your integrity when you knowingly leave a blatantly incorrect comparison up which misrepresents your competitors." Incorrect, and incomplete! I expect to see many more caracteristics on the part of The Dash (I don't fallow Earin, so I don't know about it). "@Marie-Andree Poisson @Pam, At the time the campaign video was filmed (several months ago), we only had the prototype for the Mono Dot. We have a working prototype of the Stereo Dot, it is not in the concept stage any more. Otherwise there would be no way to make the project timelines we outlined on the campaign stage." What about doing a cheap video right now of it working, and puting it on the project page? Easy! How can I make more than one pledge. I want to pledge for the dual and single dots. Thanks The original figures published by Bragi show the Dash to have four times the battery life of the Dot, before the refinements. I find it very hard to believe you didn't check these thoroughly when creating your compaign, especially when you're comparing products. How about you correct the graphic today? It really doesn't reflect too well on your integrity when you knowingly leave a blatantly incorrect comparison up which misrepresents your competitors. One hour is a real joke .. Sorry I'm out .. I'll join back if is has at least 3 hours of music .. Otherwise, Bose is at my top list. Your comparison with the Dash is pretty dishonest. You suggest the Dot has better battery life by including time added by re-charging in the case yet you exclude that from the Dash's times (the Dash comes with a charging case). An honest comparison would be: Dot: 1 Hour per charge, 5 charges from case. Total 6 hours. Dash: 4 Hours per charge, 5 charges from case. Total 20 hours. And that was before the refinements Bragi made to the Dash and case. They have subsequently increased battery life by 30-40% and increased the number of charges the case can hold to 10. Dash: 5+ hours per charge, 10 charges from the case. Total 55+ hours. @Creator: I wish you all success in your project. I just shared my experience and I have my emails to back my views. People can check the comments sections of ChargeAll project on Indiegogo site for backers experience. @Creator, Good Luck with ur Project but im Out too because 1 hour of Music and Shipping Cost is crazy!!!!! @Bryan Pizzuti: Thanks for pointing the ChargeAll project experience. I also backed that project and didn't receive the product till today. When I requested for refund they didn't provide me with that. My pledge was $154. I sent emails but did not get any response from ChargeAll team. I lost $154. @Creator: I am also going to back off from this project strictly for the same reason. A prototype that works in stereo mode with both earbuds synced, I mean. No Zamir, the Morr product you posted is actually much better in almost all respects. <url>"...we are sure it would sound better with TWO." So the review is for the Mono Dot. @Ivan Details on the working stereo prototype please. How is it working? Last I had read you'd mentioned only the mono. Agree with Mads 2h 2h30 play music are minimum. 1h is really too short. The 1h play time is kind of a deal breaker for me. Could you somehow make it a few mm "longer" and have at least 2h of play time ? You will not even be able to use them during a workout! Ivan, I wish you had been up-front about your co-founder. I'm sorry but I may have to drop out simply because of Jeffrey Maganis. I had backed the ChargeTech Project, and it was a terrible experience, particularly when it comes to backer communication and delivery, to the point where I had to seek a refund through the payment company (not to mention the questionable provenance of his product). If he's involved in any significant way in this project then I can only assume the experience will be similar. I'll give you a chance to respond before I withdraw my funding, but this is a serious concern for me. @Ivan, like others, I would like to know the progress of the stereo dots. Where are you in the development stage of the stereo dots? Is it just at a concept stage right now? 2-3h of music would be ideal, with 1.5-2h being a compromise. 1h is just too tight. Could that be achieved at all (perhaps as a stretch goal)? I pledged to hold a spot but I may need to reconsider in case we do get stuck with 1h music. I often spend 65 minutes in the bike alone in the gym... Last but not least. What sort of shipping method do you expect to use? $29 is quite a lot for overseas delivery of such a small item. I often receive much larger parcels for MUCH less than that... @creator I'm not personally saying that I'd prefer longer battery life. Because I don't mind the 1hour plus intervals as I would use them during a commute. But you should consider your audience and who you want to market to. By only running an hour of music before charge you're losing out completely on the sport market in which wireless earbuds were originally intended. Very few people only run or work out for less than hour. Even if they take breaks having a 30min in-between reps is bad. The other main source market is Bluetooth headset users. Most of them will have to be on the phone frequently throughout their shift so even a couple hours call time is very Very insufficient. So let me ask you. Who is your intended market? You can definitely just create them for people who think they're cool. But you have to realize that as is they are very lacking to the two main wireless Bluetooth headset markets. @Ivan As I mentioned, I've backed the two other folks listed in your comparison. Both have struggled with the stereo piece. Since neither have yet delivered and both have gone through multiple product iterations and delays, the lack of stereo is very concerning. To quote: "...We already have a fully functioning, working prototype..." True, prototype is singular and would imply mono if one were to read carefully....however I have concerns that many will read this as: "We have tested and it works..." Seriously - how far have you come in terms of testing stereo? I'm assuming stereo would be wireless between the two earplugs..not BT to master and wires from master to slave. I'm not trying to be negative but trying to understand what exists and what needs to be done... I hope the $29 shipping include the international fees and duties! Great project! The size of the headset is ridiculous!! Far more ridiculous are the shipping costs. At 29$ for international shipping and at 1500 packages, i suppose you can send it via international express courier (like fedex and dhl) and still have excess! Hello!!! I'm VERY HAPPY to support this project!!! Here's to the perfect manifestation of your vision!!! THANK YOU!!!!! Im out. @creator is not responding to the outrageous price he asks for shipping. Good luck to all the backers. Hope they will deliver as its still a gamble throwing your money into these kind of projects. "We have a working prototype for the mono unit. It is the same one featured in the Kickstarter video. You can expect an update to the campaign with our progress in the coming weeks. We have a lot to do :)" So must we understand that you have no stereo prototype yet? Just updating the FAQ is good. But it doesn't directly COMMUNICATE information to backers. Ivan, Respond here or with a personal message. Silence tells backers to expect the same kind of experience with future customer service. NO COMMUNICATION AT ALL!!! Ivan, are you there to respond to this barrage of questions/comments? How will I be able to know the size of my earbud (S, M, L)? All those comments .. And not a single reply back from Ivan ? I am assuming this is fake !! u can get 3-5hrs of usage on the Gogo-S currently on indiegogo, with 4gb internal memory, heart rate sensor and activity tracker.. the Dot specs used in comparison with the Bragi Dash and Earin are very misleading! 6hrs of music is very misleading @Ivan, do you have a working prototype? If yes, can you show us with video? Ivan Kan: Based on the storm in the comments, I suggest raising the built-in battery life of the units, regardless of a minor increase in size. It appears many people, myself included, don't like having a single hour of battery life. What visual difference will there be between the "main" unit and the "secondary" unit? Will the Dot(s) have a L/R assignment when paired as a set? Are the included chargers/carrying cases Qi/inductive chargers? The video at the end says listen to a weeks worth of music on a single charge..do I have to listen music at 300 x speed? Maybe with more pledges and updates they battery life can increase for music and calls. Everyone knows that these companies make updates to the software and their products. Chances are these issues will be upgraded and satisfy everyone. I think its an awesome product. I've pledged for one Dot but I want to increase it, how do I make a pledge for 3 on the same account? @ Ivan - Will you work with fulfilment centres around the globe (eg Europe, Asia) like many other projects do to reduce import duties (in Europe 21%) and administratie fees? Since shipping costs are already sky high for such a small product, extra 21% would make it even more expensive for European backers. How many time can we charge the earbuds before the battery lose its capacity? How many cycles is the battery expected to last? @Ivan Since you've already brought up Earin and Dash in the comparisons [both of which I've backed] I've got questions: 1] Both projects have fought with methods to achieve communication between the two headphones [in terms of stereo]. Have you already solved and tested this? I see you have a prototype -- is this prototype shown in any of the pictures or videos? 2] Both the requested funding amount and deliverable date seem to me to be very optimistic. Candidly, I've read what you've written -- do you truly believe you can deliver by December? Please convince me -- again, I've been through the journey with 2 other similar headsets and they have yet to deliver. Best wishes! You state that you have managed several projects before (from the shipping comments) but your profile sates this is the "first created". In addition, the website lisetd "sospeciallabs.com" does not show any product info. Can you please elaborate on this and your confidence in delivering this project on time please. Thanks @Sophie I had the same question. It looks like you only get 1 hour of music at a time. The 6 hours comes from the fact that the charger can recharge the earbuds 6 time. However, it take 30mins to charge. Realizing this, I'm now going to cancel my pledge @Sophie 1 hour Music and Charge 30 min, 1 hour Music and charge 30 min etc. Agree with @JB 5$-10$ Worldwide include Canada else i cancel my Pledge, 29$ its really too expensive for smallest headset from US to Canada, I really dont understand this shipping cost... I'm confused, so am I only going to get an hour of music playback on a fully charged earbud or 6? I don't want to have to stop my workout at the gym to recharge the battery after 1.5 hrs. I still have my doubts about the creator and the production plan. You need a big team to make something like this. Take a look at Earin, they are still working on it with a big team. Agreed shipping is excessive.Item I have received items before this size were less than half tis price. Great product though. $29 for shipping is just madness. Its kind of ironic as its supposed to be the "worlds smallest" headset. Please reduce the costs drastically @creator! You should be able to ship this for $5-$10 worldwide. I'm local to LA, can I pick up my dot and not have to pay shipping? 35$ for shipping, are these things 15 pounds? The priority for users on Kick-starter is probably not to get as fast as possible since we're buying something that's released in December... Canada to USA shipping should really have another option, I'd gladly wait 5-7 more days to save 30$ of express priority ultra deluxe shipping fees. Shipping costs are really hard, please reduce them to regular costs. One question, i have small ear channels, you offer different sizes? What Material is the ear bud? � "we've done multiple crowdfunding projects before". Who is we, because I only see one name here, and this creator have no previous project created or even backed? I see in the Bio that this person (Ivan Kan) is a product manager, but I don't see any mention of any previous KS project. Also, $30k seems like not a lot of money for that kind of project. Where the rest of the funding is coming from? @Marie-Andree Poisson, Im from Canada too and yesss its very expensive... @Creator please lower shipping cost :) And by the way, I've backed tons of projects, and this shipping cost for such a small product is way up there in camparison. Just backed, but what's up with those crazy high shipping fees for such a small package ($35 for Canada)? stretch goals please! Can the secondary mono become primary for other device? Funded already - congrats! So, too early to talk about stretch goals ;) How will stereo earbuds work with regard to having them connected to a single output, like a laptop playing music? Will it appear as a single device to the computer? Do you pair one earbud to the other and then pair the other to the computer? Love it. But would like to order more. I think my customers would really like this DOT... Creator: How does stereo dots work? Can they function separately? Meaning does it work if I connect one dot on device A and the other dot on Device B separately? Hi. How i can change address of shipping?? Thanks, Jim. @ivan is there a way to make multiple pledges under the same account? I'd like to add a mono pledge to my stereo. Pledge for stereo buds! I use Plantronics Edge right now! Hope it out perform! shipping to singapore is WAY too expensive for something so small and light. i would have backed it if shipping is more reasonably priced What is the range of the earbuds? Does the weight/design allow for use while running or are the recommended for more passive activity? I ended up creating a second 'account' and doing it that way I would like to make two pledges also - Jim (or anyone else), how do I do that? Do I just increase the pledge amount? shipping to singapore is WAY too expensive for something so small and light Never mind - figured it out - 2 mono's backed :) WOW! Almost a third funded in less then an hour! How can I pledge to get two earbuds? It doesn't seem to be an option.... Excellent! Thanks Ivan! Nice product.Backed but $35 for postage in a bit expensive. :( I have a question, I will primarily be using this just to make/receive calls, and occasionally listen to music. I pledged for the stereo option, so will I need to wear BOTH dots to make calls? Does the Dot come with different size inserts for different size ears? $35 for shipping is OTT, would have backed otherwise. I just have to do it, can't resist. FIRST! :) Carry on.