I sadly never got my reward and no answer to any messages I sent them. Shame. at the very least just say, hi right? OMG Give me what I paid for!!!!!!! Would have been nice to get a heads up or an os release instead of vapor ware! Damn shame! As my previous comment was removed by Kickstarter, I am going to post this PUBLICLY AVAILABLE link to information about the company One Dimension. The company has been disbanded in 2016 and any details about the company and relevant people can be found in the company registry <url>| still nothing. That's sad. After a while of silence it looked like he resumed his work on this project, especially his "Pending Release" post on dev blog looked promising, but it was one year ago. Now all the sites except dev blog are down. I wish he would at least comment on the current status of the project, so we aren't waiting for nothing. Yes, even a small update would be appreciated, please. You sounded so close to release! i hope the project continues, please respond with some updates, thank you I know this is years later but I'm wondering if the beta for this game ever started or is the project dead now? With Dusura in the process of going under, I don't feel good about ever seeing another version of this game. Pity. @creater... just release what you have as a beta...or confirm you are working on it. Do you need help? Such promise... and no real action. Maybe he spent all his time building model robots... I also want a refund, although the developer never responded. This is shaping up to be my first backed project that withers and dies. A shame, but I guess I had to get burnt eventually. I want a full refund since this game has been abandoned. I'm still believe in this project. This sucks, I was looking forward to the project This is dead. Classic excuse too. "Family emergency" He could have released it to backers at least. Still no reply to my refund request. Big-IN, the last update on his blog was 8 months ago, and on the forums (which I can't even register for because they are abandoned) the last post was in April. This game is definitely abandoned. I already lost interest in video games...... so even if he did manage to publish it I'm no longer interested in it (you make me buy the game now and expect me to play it 2 years later? Give me a break!) No, it is not abandoned. Just not many updates are passed to us. Have a look at the dev. blog and project website. (<url>"refund" button any where on this project/page/website. Absolute silence on his web site, dev blog, FB account, and here after claiming some sort of 'family medical emergency' that lasted over a year. Hopefully he's embarrassed by his utter lack of professionalism on this project, not to mention squandering over 20,000 dollars. I'm sorry to say this project appears to be a complete failure. No real version update for over a year and, moreover, Chris posting once in three or more months even in twitter, and even if he heve some online presence now, I cannot reliably detect it. There's still hope that at some point project will be revived in full glory, but as of now it can be condidered on hold. so! what's goin' on with this project then? What ever happened to "I'll have this on Steam and Desura by the end of the month"... three months now and still waiting. Please new update on kickstarter! or anywhere! seriously! please! Could you please also do updates on Kickstarter updates? I cannot really track every single pledge I made through their own website... Thanks. Glad to hear Dysis is back in development, I was getting quite worried. I cannot wait for the steam release! Fantastic post, I'll admit that with the lack of communications I'd written this off as a kickstarter failure, fully excited once more - can't wait to see the release Phew, and here I thought I was going to have to mournfully mark this as my first ever "project that never delivered". Will this be available via Early Access, or is it coming as a full release? Thanks for the update. I've read through the blog post and it looks amazing, looking forward to release :) Sorry to hear that, still looking forward to the next release! We believe! Chris, I can only imagine what types of hell you have had to walk though this year, but I want to say thank you for not giving up. If you can, please send out a full kickstarter update to give the community hope. You dont have to promise anything, even just copy/pasting your last comment, but please let the world know you are ok. Oh god thanks, i'm happy you updated everyone :D I was looking forward to play this (and i am still!) It promises alot of fun moments, happy this is not dead :P Great to see you back, hope all is well with you now. I'd suggest posting an update on the development blog asap as well, I suspect a lot of backers have been looking there for updates Have you disabled registering on the forums? It keeps telling "The e-mail address you entered is not allowed to be used." no matter what I try. @Bailey How do we get a refund on this? We can still get a refund according to kickstarter Well, looks like an abandoned project, thats sad because the game was promising... kinda feel sad for the 1000$ backer and happy i only backed with the 10$ tier... I've pretty much resigned to the fact that this project is probably dead or almost dead. Oh well, just $10 for me. Dude.. Chris!!! You're facebook profile is gone, no updates on the dev blog, and you just got Greenlit on Steam. Isn't that at least worthy of a Kickstarter status update? Come on buddy, come back to us :-) I was expecting a much much faster development with this game and also when Is the beta coming out for the $10 backers? I'm kind of getting annoyed with this project. According to his twitter there is still something going on: <url>#10 and was curious whether the access date has been changed or if I was missed. Also, I am a $20 backer if that helps/means anything to you. Thanks for your help, can't wait to play this game :). Will the backers be getting an e-mail when the Beta launches? Thanks! :) Will the music be featured in the beta? so here we are april 1st D:, any word on dysis? I'm actually glad you pushed it back. I didn't want to have to postpone playing Starcraft 2 for this. Yea, I would postpone it for Dysis. for a little while :b whens the beta gonna be done? Haven't received my prototype email/key yet. Was a $20 backer. Thanks for your help! Heh, the prototype is fun! To make it work in Linux, under 64-bit Ubuntu 12.04 LTS, I did need to go install the latest drivers for my Intel HD 4000 (Ivy Bridge) GPU. Essentially followed the instructions for getting best results out of Linux's Steam client, as documented here: <url>#10.... so do that mean that i need to wait longer or was their was an issue with the email I don't know if I was supposed to get a key/email w/ instructions yet, but I can report that I did not get one in my email. How would I go about getting the game, now? Chris, for some reason me and my friend keep getting a problem when we try to start up the game, it says windows 7 is an unknown version. what should we do? Wow, super fast response, and informative to boot. Cheers! This may be a dumb question, but I am unsure as to where the non-Desura download is available. It has been referenced several times in Updates and emails, but I am unsure as to where to get it. Any ideas? i got 2x Dysis Prototype and 2x Dysis ... is there any difference? (Pledged 40$) how do we know which gift is linked to which name? Looks like Dysis is on desura now, so we may be getting keys soon! Can't wait! Thanks for keeping us posted Chris. where is it? It,s like the blockiness of Minecraft, first person of mech assault, and an RTS like any RTS. ALL MY FAVORITE GAMES IN ONE!!!!!! :3 Yea,I'm super excited. :D well I hope actually we get the Prototype then really, my brother bugs me nonstop for it. Hopefully Chris releases it 12:01AM on the 31st so i don't have to wake up and wait to play it. Or over sleep and miss playing it :( Because this game is going to be epic? @Calvin Why you keep looking at the page? The prototype should be released on the 31st. *checks dysis* [5 minutes later] *Checks dysis again. RELEASE!!!!! *Rage face* Thank you so much for checking on that for me!!! @Joshua, scroll down some i asked the same question and Chris answered it. @Calvin: It continued on PayPal, where it broke 30K. so 6X :p @Joshua waring 550% :D Congratulations on getting 6x what you asked for. PS I'm running with 5760 * 1080 resolution, will there be support for three screens? :3 Hopefully Thanks a lot for the update, Chris. I'm so glad that we got to 30k, and I can't wait for the prototype to come out! Would getting this on android tablets be possible? If so please do not do a minecraft.... Full game or no game. Somehow I missed the email for the survey and the link doesn't work anymore is there anyway to still do that? Chris... Chris... Chris... Chris... Chris.... Chris: <url>Ü @Calvin soueid a game hub is a sort of community driven page visible in the game's profile in the steam libraries and store. it allows users to posts shots, videos, discuss and other content generation stuff that can help generate buzz or at least show how the game is NOT just a minecraft clone. really really excited!But a simple question. Will you support multiple monitors or very high resolutions? Such as 5760 x 1080 or something smaller. Btw when are the prototypes due? I'm gonna need to decide what 4 names I want in the game.. >.> Have the collection emails been sent out yet? D: @Steve, try using fn + Print screen. :P Steam isn't the limitations of screenies ya' know. ;) Not sure what "Game Hub" is though. Hey Chris, best of luck getting on steam, if you get on steam, can the prototype be distributed through it? if so I can take screenshots and they can be seen on the game hub. That way there are shots out there showing the game off. ah ok.just wondering because you said there would be one right after kickstart is over ;) no worries. i can imagine that there is a lot of stuff to handle right now ^^ keep up the great work.looking really forward for alpha ;) no update ? Hey Chris, I wanted to send this as heads, up, it says 'you selected $20 tier' but I was $35, and I was it before it sold out (unless I could troll BEFORE it sold out). do you have any ideas on an exact release date for the prototype ? cant wiat for the proto, hopefully the 3K wont stop you from making water units ;) hopefully we will make the difference through paypal Congratulations for making the funding goal. If only we had just an extra push XD. A mere 3000 away! Congratz Chris! i cant wait to see this game ready and full and heres a linkl to a funny picture to Celebrate <url>"ending soon" and looked at it,and it reminded me of minecraft but with vehicles and such...and i love it! But my question is for the $20 pledge you get access to the BETA when it comes out,so lets say it comes out December 12th,we get access to it then,and then there is a final game release? @Avarince NP @Chris Farrell will there be different factions? or Techs that can be followed and will there be Uber Powerfull units kida like invicable heros? Thanks for the Linux vote-of-confidence, One Dimension friends! I'll proudly support this platform for that. @Chris Farrell: By the way, per our earlier discussion, I should mention that Desura has a GOG-like mode for downloading installers directly off the website. This DRM-free download mode is available to everyone on each platform, for each game, and is in fact the way that Mac builds are currently supported (their client program has not been ported to Mac yet). Contrary to popular belief, the Desura client is in no way required (just convenient, at least for me). So, it can be a great option, in my opinion! :-) @Patrick Gould thanks for the link on the pa pledged did not even know about this before that.... Do you know the Minimum specifications for my buddy? He wanted this game but didn't think his computer could handle it, and upgrading is out of the option... Chris, do some final incentives, if you give me enough stuff at the right price point, I will upgrade, and so will probably 100 people! Corhen, in this instance Dysis /is/ refering to a Ring World. :) argh, i hate when you refer to the superstrcture as a dysis.. as a larry niven fan i think of it as a ring world! sweet last 48 hours! start posting links to the kickstarter page like crazy! What would be nice is if some one with $10,000 pledged that amount lol If we don't make the last two stretch goals, will you consider adding them later on, perhaps as paid DLC? :D Will Dysis be on Steam? If so, will it have achievements? By the way, the game looks great! Will our name be different from our In-Game name? Looks cool. I would have described it as "Minecraft meets Supreme Commander" @Chris thanks was just making sure for the future Hey, This game looks amazing, i have wanted to play a game like this for years! I could never find one! So I pledged 20$ and can't wait until the Prototype..! Keep up the amazing work! allright another $40 for dysis cant wait to play the prodotype! well we are getting 4 keys i believe and there's only 2 of us so if we give them to other friends that's why i was asking i think you should just double check with your friend ahead of time to avoid anything bad like that happening. thats what i've done Will we be able to change our names later on if we wish. say if we give one of the extra keys to our friend and they dont want the name we picked? hey Chris, since the $35+ tiers were updated so they got more names in the game, would people who pledged to those tiers give you all the names? sorry if that question seems a little stupid This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. in the credits or where we put our name for backers list can we make up a name? @One Dimension Games 1) Out of curiosity is there a date for Beta? 2) Are there designs for the Tshirts out yet? I says we need the attention of some Alpha Nerd, but I really don't know any I could poke this at. :( ive watched couple kickstarters get over 50K in less than 5 days the timber and stone did something crazy like that too, so theres hope :D Awww 5 days to get $10000? Damn naval battles would be cool Hmm.. can we get to belly button warfare? >.> There seems to be only one problem with this game.... And that is I cant play it yet ;). Five days to go and then it will be perfect. Oh and the new gameplay video looks epic! Thanks for giving us that preview. Awesome! Grats all! We made it to 20k :D. We made it! now onto naval! Nice, another stretch goal achieved *pokes Chris a couple times for another update* Entertain us, code monkey! ;) 20,000: ACHIEVED! Been waiting on my pledge just so I could make that roll over. Hi Chris, I'm 11 years old and I'm really looking forward for this game to come out. I'm backing the game by working for my family to earn the cash. When I watched the video, I saw something that I had always been wanting: someone to mix a first person perspective game with overhead mode and the ability to shape landscapes and design a unit. You made my dream come true! Come on people $900 more, We can do it, spread the word, spams your friends emails, facebooks, tweeters, blogs, everything lol get the word out Sorry if these questions have been asked before, but how soon after the Kickstarter is over will we get the prototype, will the prototype be available for Mac, and what are the system requirements for the game? Thanks! comon guys we can do it! lets get our space robots! C'mon asteroid battles and space robots! :) Will we get to go to other planets even if we dont reach the goal? :c Hey, just found this project, and backed immediately. Love everything about it so far. But I was wondering, will there be water in the final game? I'd love a sea battle. In the final game, is the terrain going to be made of cubes or hexagons? I'm seeing both in the videos. D: dont think we will hit 50K at this rate. perhaps lower target? Having Fun...With Portals... Anyways, I think portals would be fun to use, the only way I could see one working is if you put on portal on a hill sloped towards your enemies base, then shoot the other at the ground, fly up with a jet-pack (or whatever) and fall, go though the portal and blast the wall open making you seem invincible... Multi-player Moment! @TSD, maybe not. It could be limited. After all, if only one unit could pass through it at a time, it would create a choke point, where your opponent could line up and just blast everything that came though. Rerouting enemies, to an extent sure.. but only it would just be a so-so quality trap, really. The size and power of the portal would really determine how broken it would be. >.> Now, it would be awesome to open a portal over an enemies base, and the other one next to a lava flow, and rout the lava through the portal.... ;) true enough, although i have thought about it. it would be over powered because it would allow you to basic reroute your enemies or bring your whole army to an enemy base in only a matter of seconds The idea of a device that makes portals is not trademarked or copy-righted although if the same exact model or such were to be used as the one in Portal then it might face a lawsuit by valve although unlikely. i believe that the portal gun is trademarked and copy-righted. but some sort of matter tele gun might be an option? @Josh... mmm Portal Gun in a RTS. @Chris There you go, stretch goal: 'Portal Gun' for the Architect ;) Backed. Looking very promising For some reason the deploy-able gun made me think of Portal as well as supreme commander for the Architect. Keep up the good work and keep rolling, you can get it there (or for fans, we can get it there, wherever there is). There was something else but I don't remember. It's like Lego® Supreme Commander! And are those hex prisms I'm seeing in the terrain? Glad to see those back in there :) Ok thanks im thinking about hosting a dedicated server when dysis is released Chris for the multiplayer part of dysis how will it be set out like will everyone be able to make there own multiplayer server. Btw the update looks nice! Update looks great! I cannot wait to charge into battle as this new architect :D Also, you should let the fans near Atlanta meet you, maybe invite fans to the robot arena cage, battle, discuss, and play some Dysis LAN, that would look good for publicity, plus then I get to fight with giant robots. :) I am totally making a replicator mod from stargate... Deploy-able replicator...Epic! I love it so far, going to try and get a couple more people to get it... You totally need to build one of your physical robots to look like the Architect. ;) Thanks a lot for the update, Chris! It all sounds awesome, and the models looks great. It looks like we're well on our way to 20k. 50k on the other hand... heh, we can hope! I'm sure once more people see how amazing this game looks, we'll get closer to that 50K mark. We can do this Chris =) btw i have to say it very nice that you check the post almost everyday and reply, shows you care about our thoughts and ideas. Agreed, I believe a update is on order Chris, and yes, us fans are this bossy... I think some more quality info, especially more videos, would help to get us clear to the $50k goal. It's within reach, with a decent push. Hey Chris, any word on the next update? >.> Also can't wait for the next update definitely want to see more info and hopefully it will pull in more backers and we'll edge close to that $50,000 mark I have a question will I be able to play in a co-op team of 4(+) both for the campaign and other game modes @TheShadowDoctor I would assume (Chris can correct me if I'm wrong here), that it is because the amount of work going int o creating other planets will be immense. Space Stations and Meteors are both a fairly small bit of land with 1 maybe 2 biomes in them. New planets will have to be massive bits of land with multiple biomes in them, and possibly unique biomes. @Chris: What would the possibilities of, presuming we hit 50K creating a 'conquer the galaxy' mode? ;) this may be a stupid question, if so i am sorry. but why is the travel to other planets goal make $50,000 and the other space related goals much lower? its something i have been wondering for awhile now. Oh and i would like to see this game looks amazing, me and my friends check on the progress daily and are very excited for it. keep up the good work mate =D I predict the story will be.. about a faction who disagrees with another faction to the extent that they must throw endless hoards of robots at eachother to try and best one another, and the mindless robots only exist to serve their masters.... >.> So... Since we reached a new goal, will the next update reward those in the $15-20 level with 2 copies each? I do believe that most of the first backers were at those levels! Just saying I know I have been trolling these comments a lot (I have posted 12 out of 68 figure it out), but I was wondering, what type story line is this going to be based off, because in this day and age, nothing is new, just altered or borrowed. So where does this game borrow or alter in story line? congrats on 15k!!! About to upgrad my pledge from $20 to $30, does that also include the prototype in Dec 2012 or now have to wait until March 2013 to test it out in beta? Also I would like to see some traps to help with defence. Can we build walls and gates out of the terrain? you will probable need enemy units that can build otherwise you can make it above a massive pit of lava and they wont be able to get in your base. So maybe a unit that can deploy into a ramp or build a bridge I have always been a fan of destructible terrain and using this to your strategic advantage. I know that there is terrain editing, but I am more interested in its combat and defence applications. Would you be able to tell us if this will be viable in Dysis? For example, creating a bridge to your base and then blowing up both sides to send any enemy units on it on an unexpected trip in the downwards direction, or create a lake of lava to unleash upon enemies climbing up to reach your base. This is my first time donating to KS. Great video Chris! I've been looking for a game that combine both RTS & FPS. I was thinking like Command and Conquer stile, but i really like this! I was thinking like C&C Generals, being able to play as the Commando player and rank up to add upgrades or heal faster. If that character dies, has to be rebuilt, as only one Commando unit is available at a time. Any chance of a rank system to make units you play as stronger? Special units just for FPS? I'm sure you already have a lot of amazing ideas planned for this game and i am super excited to play this once down the road. Keep up the great work and i might even increase my pledge. 4 copies of beta instead one 1, with free updates for life is pretty hard to pass up! And would love to see how big this game can get! Jumping planets would be pretty sweet! Would there be a mobile version? i'm looking at getting the galaxy note 2 that sports 2gig ram and a quad core cpu. its faster than my college laptop! ha, would love to play this on it! like a minecraft style of setup? can't wait to see the next update! stay passionate about the game and don't rush it! LOL My only recommendation to Chris (Chris, I KNOW your reading this), is to do the one thing notch didn't do. Add a story line more then, here are you, here are your enemies, defeat them! Like add a full on campaign at 40K or something along those lines. Makes perfect sense, I mean ask me about what I loved most about 95% of my favorite games, it is the story line. Seeing as we're 11 days in, already at 260% (ish) of the goal.. I'd say that the goal is already pretty well blown out of the water. This is just the initial slump that always happens with a KS. Over the next two weeks funding will trickle in, and then as the last week hits and the game starts coming to a close we'll see a bit of a surge. (most likely) Of course, that's assuming things progress 'normally' without any major events taking place.. :) Guys, call together the power of the SOCIAL NETWORKS!!!! We must blow his (Chris's) goal out of the water!!!! And Kickstarter is not responsible for the project creators to deliver. So you can think of "supporting" a great idea instead of pre-ordering or purchasing something as you can never be 100% sure that a project actually succeeds even if it raised a lot of money. Don't get me wrong - most projects finish or ship sooner or later but it can just as well happen to be a scam or a project that just didn't go as planned. Limfa0, as this is your first backing on Kickstarter, welcome! KS isn't quite a standard "buying" something. The closest way to explain it is it's like a pre-order.. but not even quite that. If you were to make a triangle, the points being 'pre-order' 'investment' and 'charity' KS pledges would be right smack in the center of said triangle. With all projects, the creator needs time to finish them after funding goes though. On November 4th, when this KS ends, there will be about 2 weeks or so until all that money goes to Chris (the creator)- at which point he can start using it to go towards some of the things he needs to put Dysis in gear. His present timeline from there is to have the Prototype/Alpha Release ready by sometime in December, and the Beta release by sometime in March. That's the commitment he has made to his backers, which is effectively entering in to a contract with each backer that their pledge reward shall be delivered by X date. So, they could release earlier. There could also be unforeseen delays, leading to later releases of Alpha and/or Beta. If that were to happen, there are certain courses of actions backers could take.. but it's rather unlikely they would. aw, i thought i would get the game in 20 days like it says to the right. thats too bad i want it now :P cool game btw, i hope it will be a starcraft 2 like game :D Limfa0, with 10 dollars you get the beta, which will get released some when in march or later. For 20 you get the prototype (some kind of pre-alpha) and the beta. that can be downloaded in December. I'm really looking forward to this game and hope and think he game is going to be a huge success. Hello! i pledged 10$, am i going to get the game at 4th november? or can i get it now? it looks so cool, GOOD JOB BUDDY! <3 Will we see another update? I want the people from Black-Space to come over here! all 3,887 (not counting me). Also Chris, ever need any help...I can program... My prediction is this will end around 30-35K- unless it gets the attention of some major alpha nerd like Notch or Gabe and Tycho.. then sky's the limit. Wow got pass the 10k goal I am really sure you will get to 20k goal. not soure 'bout 50k goal its pretty far but I have high hopes for you guys. Keep it up good job! Also, is there going to be a campaign with a heavy story line? Also, what games do you play Chris and do you have a Steam Account?! I'm curious. Even with the voxel based environments, will there still be free-flowing materials, such as water and lava? If so, will they work in a similar fashion to the same type of materials in games such as Minecraft, or will they function entirely differently? In that regard, could they be used against your enemies, like tunneling lava and releasing it into an enemy stronghold? This game looks like a lot of fun, you've definitely got my support. I'm with Josiah, underground combat sounds awesome, so does bombing your opponent from underground. With the Space station goal met, will there be space combat? Or launching attacks down from space stations? Orbital bombardments? :D The potential here is nearly limitless, I am extremely excited to see where you take it. I got 2 questions from mmo-champion.com forum: 1. Why should a player use FPS mode when he can do everything in RTS mode? Is there any advantage of going to FPS? 2. What do you have planned for multyplayer? @Sam, I'm sure Chris will answer this better than I do at some point.. however in an interview (I would link it but I don't remember where it was now), Chris said that the engine has a pretty much limitless playing field and that he has actually worked with an infinite terrain generation system within it. So it's not so much engine support as making sure it doesn't murder machines from too many items. :) I am wondering about the scale of this game, how big of a playing field does your engine support? I am very interested in underground. I am also interested in tunneling under my opponents base and planting a bomb that will cause a massive sink-hole in the middle of their base, 'cause that would be awesome.. Can we do that? ;) I am not interested in space but the underground is more interesting to me. I think we will see it make it to 15k or more :) Whooo! Space stations! and first goal met! So close to the first goal! Best of luck to ya man, this looks to be an interesting concept! <url>"Infinite terrain spawn" system you're working on. Have you considered utilizing this (perhaps in an update to the game later) to create a 'persistent world' model game? You keep taking out threats and expanding your base/building new bases and exploring the massive world.. Kinda like Minecraft, I suppose.. only with an army of robots (and robots make everything better) Is there's a planned hardcap on units? Is there a planned cap on number of buildings, or number of a specific type of buildings? Love what you're doing here! My main question is do you intend on including basic fluid simulation? even something minecraft-level of simplicity would be awesome. Also, will there be mining for resources? So would it be accurate to tell my friends that this game is "a freaky love child of Minecraft and Supreme Commander"? This game is decidedly nifty looking. I want the robot though. How can I obtain $10,000? >.> Yeah I agree that some informations about possible APIs and modding capabilities would be great. Especially since you are writing the core of Dysis in Java ;) Hey Chris, I'd recommend you put something in the original description about modding capabilities. I'm really glad that you're going to have them, and I think other people would be as well - perhaps enough to sway them to back. Modding capabilities definitely seem to be really enticing to gamers in the recent years. On a different note, I gave you a shout out on my website: <url>