Now that the ios app no longer works, you can still control the device from the website. At least for now... <url>’s gone from the store I have no way to get it back. Why did the app need to be removed from the store in the first place, and wouldn’t it have been pretty easy to provide a basic web API for us to use as an alternative? Losing the app’s content is survivable but with no ability to change the current image this thing is just a poor excuse for a painting that wastes energy. Has anyone figured out an alternative to the app? @Nasser: Apparently the app is no longer in the App Store. If you are lucky you can retrieve it from an other/old device using iMazing for macOS or Windows. I can’t find electric objects app in AppStore. Any one have the same problem. Wher can I find it? Does anyone have a still-functional EO1 that they'd be willing to sell? I was watching 2001: A Space Odyssey at 24 frames per hour, but my screen gave out: <url>"will it change on its own?" It would also be nice if you can give us an idea of what your working on for the next update. Thought it worth my time to say that this is really the first Kickstarter that delivered not just what I expected but more. This is a great Kickstarter. Probably the last one I will be on for a while, given how rotten my experience has usually been but you all came in on time and with everything promised. Nice job. I have just used my EO1 for the first time. I am astonished and very disappointed at the very limited options available in the current app...I cannot do anything that i expected, and which should be easily programmable. I doubt that I will use it again, and certainly will not be recommending or showing it to anybody, unless there are major updates in functionality. I backed this project cause a could not find a large digital photo frame. I was disappointed when I couldn't do what I wanted this for and I am. It sure if you will ever implement that feature so I went a made a 32" digital photo frame my self. Up until you add that feature EO1 will stay in box. Can you provide an update on app updates? To @BonanzaNLD point from >1 month ago, the brightness controls leave a lot to be desired. And picture rotation would be a welcome change. I realize things take time but if you could provide a high level overview of expected improvements I think many/most of your backers would appreciate it. Thanks! Yes No Maybe so? Any updates coming soon? Maybe ifttt or artwork collections with slide shows? Thanks and I love my units After a few weeks of usage in my living room, there is one major flaw (and I know it is supposed to be fixed in the apl update): brightness control. Both the OFF function as well as the auto-brightness (I know, it's in beta, but it's way too sensitive. It responds to my tv...) hardly ever give the right brightness. Brightness requirements change throughout the day and l strongly suggest you develop a smart way of controlling it; during the day it's fine, but when the evening arrives, my E01's are bright as a computer screen... I hope for an updated app very soon. Hello,the web interface is merging images uploaded from different people if they pick the same "attributed to" name. There is no warning that this will occur and since I can't seem to delete an image or re-attribute an Artists name once I've uploaded an image I don't know how to fix is as a user. Thanks. Could you please let me know if you're sending these items one by one? I should have got two and I got only one. Thanks @creator: another suggestion. A more versatile scheduler would be useful. I would like to set art for different moments per day/per hour. Or at least have the ability to do so. Got the second EO1 and it works as well as the first one. Thank you guys. Cheers, Sandeep In a darkened room, which is brighter: smart-brightness:high or smart-brightness:low? Hi Jake, Just got it. Looks good. However I had ordered for two black EO1's and I received only one. The funny thing is that the label on the outer carton says qty 2, but weight as 17lb and price as US$299 and the label on the inner carton as EO1-x2 black. So I am not sure where things went wrong. I guess there must have been some error in packing. Please send me the additional one also. Thank you. Cheers, Sandeep @creator, I still need to send you some pics, did not have a chance yet. Also, the brightness levels do not seem to be that 'useful'. Since it depends a lot on where you hang/stand the E01's, could you please consider to add a numerical setting for the brightness level, i.s.o. LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH us any number between 0 and the OFF brightness? Very pleased, unit works great and app easy to use. Looks beautiful, I mounted on wall although I wish the stand had been included with the kickstarter pledges. I guess I am in the same boat with a lot of people, I still have not received my two E01 yet. Still waiting and have not received my EO1 Please could you clarify what is happening Thanks Sandy received my two units today. A-ma-zing. Thanks guys! One note: seems that the border space (between the two plastic parts) is not evenly divided. Not a big issue for me, but it could have been better. I just got the unit. The still images and video loops work great, and sometimes the unit almost looks like genuinely traditional media. I'm mainly interested in running Processing apps, though. Is there a roadmap for the Processing support mentioned in the Kickstarter campaign? I got a few sketches rewritten so they'd work with Processing.js, but the performance on simple sketches isn't great. Thanks. I didn't buy the stand. Will there be any problem leaving the display propped against the wall? Will it stress the display panel? My kids hashad a blast, choosing the picture to display on the wall. :) Been enjoying the unit. Beautifully made and design. I haven't received my 2nd unit yet, any update? Thanks @Andy the bezel is held on by magnets at each of the corners. It allows those that ordered the wooden frame to simply remove it and put the wooden one in its place. Maybe Electric Objects are thinking about making alternative frames in the future and hence the design. On the subject of wooden frames I initially thought that the capacitive touch button would become obsolete for those that have the wooden frame (the frame covers it) but you can actually still turn it off by touching the back. It would be useful to turn the EO1 off/on via the app (maybe for the future). How does the display URL work? Does the engine parse JavaScript? We may be able to hack together a live image that way. Unpacked my eo1 yesterday. The bezels doesn't seem to be securely fastened to the frame. It only seems to be attached at the four corners. The bezel in the center of the frame bulged upwards as I tried to peel off the protective film Does anybody else experience the same issue? Also like to chim in on the need the api to the eo1 or some form of rotating or changing the pictures automatically. At least give us the choice or an api to do so! Lastly, would like to request the ability to post pictures from the Android app itself. I know the web version can do it.. But doing it from the app would be a more seamless solution. Dear Electric Objects, Yesterday the two Electric Objects arrived and I'm very happy how they look and that it was easy to install! Once again, thank you :D Of course, after posting, I found the "Make Art for EO1" page which gives plenty of info on how to roll your own. Thanks for that! Arrived yesterday, unboxed late last night! First, thank you for the great follow through. Despite the delays I never doubted your abilities to complete the project thanks to your updates. Excellent work. Out of the box it's more polished than I ever hoped for upon supporting this project. Very nice work with the setup software working very smoothly and easily. Couldn't want a better experience there. Polish is great. Screen is great, just the right matte and brightness. My 5 year-old son woke up this morning to new art on the wall and was mesmerized. I changed the artwork while he was eating his breakfast, and the WHOA that he gave when he noticed it was different was so great! "Daddy! The picture changed!" He thought it was a print on the wall. It's that good. He stared at it out of the corner of his eye his entire breakfast waiting for it to change. Critiques: This is an expectation on my part, and I honestly can't recall what was promised when or where... but the ability to have the display automatically change at given intervals, be it hourly, daily, whatever... without my intervention, is a major reason I wanted a digital art piece like this in the first place. I'd been waiting for a polished large screen feature specific item like this for MANY years... since the first crappy digital photo frames came out. I want to wake up and be surprised, or come home from lunch and get a jolt from seeing a new beautiful artwork on my wall. That is part of the experience that it seems most want but you seem to think is against the mission of the EO1, at least that's what statements like this from your FAQ sound like: "No. Slideshows are not as awesome as you think." I would much prefer to curate a collection on my phone, and have the frame either rotate or randomly select at given intervals than to have to pull out my phone and change it manually. I'd appreciate the ability to do both. Being able to have "playlists" would another amazing ability. A "rainy day" collection, a "cheer up" collection, a "psychedelic" collection... So I can set a mood with a tap. I can only assume you have experimented with this ability and it ended up not being as awesome as you'd thought. I'm an aerial photographer, and the ability to show off my photos with the above mentioned abilities was the other reason I purchased the EO1. So I greatly look forward to a horizontal mode as well. If the above won't be officially supported... is there or will there be some sort of API notes on how we can fashion such abilities for ourselves? Apologies if this has already been stated, I've tried to keep up but am sure I've missed some notes. Looking forward to easy phone uploads within app as well! IFTTT... YES! Overall, Love it. I'm in no way disappointed and greatly look forward to where you take the curation and the art collections. I hope to submit some myself in the future. Great work, and thanks for all your efforts! If you haven't mounted on a wall yet, do yourself a favor and get some toggle bolts. The design of washers over plastic pulls the barely-there-anyway wall anchors out when you tighten. Found this review of EO that I thought you guys might find pretty funny: <url>"complaint" is that for the price they all should come with a matching stand. I understand the kickstarter is a release price and i'm glad of the savings I got but the power cord hanging down and twisting all over the place, is not appealing. I know it wasn't included from the beginning but I didn't expect the power cord to stick out like a sore thumb. It would have been nice if the power block wasn't... a block, then i could install a recessed outlet right behind the unit but there is no way that is going to fit. On your main website, if you click the "story" text, the image that appears shows the E01 on the wall with no cords, how is this? Almost all of the images are like this (photoshopped I assume, mount on wall, overlay the image in PS). Even in your promo video there are no cords, but on the main kickstarter page that same "story" image now has the cord hanging below the E01. Seeing no mention of an internal battery, which is probably better this way as I would hate to add my pictures to the list of things to remember to charge. Overall, 8/10. -2 points for the stand and cord issues mentioned. Loving the snack machine image! @creator - still nothing :( Hi, could I have a rough estimation of when I might receive my EO1? I live in the UK so I expected not to be the first to receive one. Customs they ask me to pay to remove the product. what happens? Thanks. Hi, any update on my shipment? Thanks. Was working fine a few hours ago for me, but I am now having issues as well. Just received my EO, couldnt wait to use it, but the app reads "Server Error", any suggestions? Received mine in the mail today. Starting using it right out of the box before I hung it up. Very impressed with the easy set up and the variety of artwork available on the site. One thing though: I want to use it to show off some of my own photography I have posted on Flickr. When I put in the URL from Flickr for the piece using the upload function it gets rejected. Is Flickr not supported? (No massive issue if its not--I can just take the pictures from my hard drive and upload them to the Electric Objects page.) The quality of the pictures is very good. I'll be hanging it up later this week. Backed 5, would expect to have recv'd early shipment. Status? Could you please give me a shipping update about my EO...I have not yet received anything and I am starting to be concerned Are you guys offering any promo codes on your website for Kickstarter backers who might want more EO1s? Nice product, but I agree with others that the ability to change art automatically, be it from a museum or a photograph, is a must have. Will be nice when the SDK and other options are available. Hey! I'd like a shipment update. Haven't heard of anything by email. Please help! Thanks. Can I actually put a vote against the slideshow option. People asking for it have been able to buy LCD photo frames for years and probably had no interest in one. The fact you actively decided against EO being a glorified family snaps screensaver is one of the reasons I respected this project so much in the first place and I really think it should at least have 12 months to stand on it's own feet as an art platform before being relegated to just Facebook feed-esque content. Got my EO1 over the weekend. What a great job with packaging and presentation. Very well thought out and secure for shipping. Setup of the EO1 literally took less than 1 minute. I absolutely love it. I'm an amateur photographer and I like to frame my artwork, but this will give me a great opportunity to show my pictures without the cost of framing. The display quality is top notch and it's so easy to upload artwork via the web site. I also like the ability to set a schedule for the unit powering down over night. Nice work design team! @electricobjects No email from Saarim or Electronic Objects. Have checked spam. How are you trying to contact me? The EO1 is simple and looks amazing in my room. It lights evenly from side-to-side and the HD resolution is clear & crisp. It's easy to upload images via a URL. I am very impressed with the packaging. I would add tiny updates to the app like (Delete image, upload via app, collections) - I am overall impressed & super happy with this. @electricobjects I received my EO1 yesterday and I couldn't be happier I felt like a kid at a candy store! Very beautiful product and looking forward to more beautiful things from this great company and staff! I'd also like a shipment update. Haven't seen anything in my email box...please help. Thanks. Could I have a shipment update? I had sent a direct message to the project last week and have yet to receive a response. I urgently need to change my shipping address as I will be moving end of the month. Hi I just got my EO1 and I have to say you guys did great with the packaging. The whole unboxing experience felt very high quality. As for the EO1 itself, I could not be happier! Hi EO, I got my unit and eagerly set it up but it will not connect to Wifi. Have submitted a ticket through your app but didn't get any confirmation or response so...... please help? Hi EO, need your help to check on my shipment. I am oversea backer and yet to receive a shipment tracker :( Loving my EO1, and really appreciate how responsive the team is to questions/comments/concerns both here and via email. That said... I have to ask, is everyone else essentially unable to use gifs? I have huge lag and stutters with most gifs, but I find it so odd that so many images in the activity feed are gifs if everyone is having the same performance issues with them. (As I understand it, the EO1 is presently unable to play most gifs without stutters - looking forward to the software update that will hopefully address this.) I have to say that Annie's wooden frame is the icing on the cake. At times I forget it's a screen ... truly blends in wonderfully with my decor. Kudos to Annie and all the EO team. Would hope that you can make the wooden frame an offering down the road for others to enjoy and perhaps an additional unit for this guy. Look forward to the many software updates!! :) I do have a couple questions: When we upload art it gets stored on your server, correct? How can we take it down / remove it from your server? Also, is there a way to directly load art to the EO1 from a device connected to the same wifi network or bluetooth? Been looking forward to mine arriving... and it came today... screen lovely... but 5 minutes it and it's flickering, and looks almost interlaced... is the screen f***ed or is there something I can do? No shipping notification yet, with only one week to go :( ? Me too! I hope mine gets here soon!! Excited Got my EO1 and wooden frame today. Looks great although I'm regretting getting the white version because the wooden frame, while absolutely gorgeous, is not perfectly straight so there are uneven white borders showing inside the wood frame which are noticeable with a darker image, something that might have not been the case with the black version. Might have to try and fix that myself somehow. Otherwise I'm thrilled with it. Annie did an amazing job with the frame. I absolutely love my wonderful EO. Thank you so much. One suggestion for an added function on app: could you please add a sleep button? Thanks! Thanks for the quick response regarding the Amazon program. It is a great platform to showcase the product. I see that you are selling on Amazon. (search for Electric Objects) 1) Wondering why the item is available to the public (albeit at the higher retail price) before you've shipped to Kickstarters (like me)? 2) Interested in any background you can provide on the Amazon program. For example, is Amazon now getting an allotment of Kickstarter items? Did you work with them on this? The treatment of the page (full width image) suggests this is not just a typical item for sale on Amazon. Thanks. Wait there is monthly fees to view art? I'm hoping this is art from some type of artist or museum? and not mandatory. *dont Also I do remember it mentioned that we would have monthly fees to view the art Yes mine was a black frame too.. Very disappointed. Will have to try and change the colour myself I guess.... I also wondered about the white power cord with a black frame. Was this intended? Thanks. Hi just wondering why I got a white cord? Great hearing everyone's experiences with the EO1. Can't wait to get mine. Any update on how the shipping schedule is going? Haven't received my unit yet, but was surprised to learn from the below comments that images can't be set to change out automatically. Just curious why this straightforward feature wouldn't be available for those who choose to use it. Those who find it a distraction wouldn't have to use it. Backer# 1133 I really hope mine gets shipped this week Thanks for the wishes. While you are considering, if I may suggest, add folders as well so we select which ones to show. One more vote for slide show option. Got my EO1. Very pleased, but I'm having the latency issue others have mentioned (moving images stutter after a few minutes). Should I email or is a solution forthcoming for all? I got mine couple weeks ago, we all love it. One feature I would like to be added is the ability to do a slide show. This past weekend we had our daughters birthday and would have loved to show her pictures over the ages. I know you mentioned you don't like slideshows, but make it an option as i am sure some of us would like to see slideshow once in a while. Hi, I received my EO1 today. You stated the wooden frames will start shipping this week. I am moving on Friday so it really hits the spot, can I change the address for just the frame somewhere? Thanks a ton! Got my EO1. It looks great however I had also pledged for an Annie Raso frame. When will that ship? It was not in the box. Thanks! David I started displaying a moving picture a couple of days ago (see here - <url>"On" sections for each day, Every day can be different. Could you put together some kind of feature request function for the UI? Maybe with voting buttons to help you prioritize? For instance, I'd like to be able to define a sleep-wake cycle for the morning, and another one for the evening. And I'd like to be able to set those up differently on different days of the week. Like a programmable thermostat. I've had my display for a day now and it is fantastic. Packaging was great. Hooking up to my network was trivial. But I am struggling a bit with managing images, and I'd appreciate some more guidance. I've uploaded a couple of my own images and marked them draft, but I can see no way to change that. I actually have two displays so how do I control them independently? There also doesn't seem to be any way to organize your images, and I don't see any links to on line image repositories. Just like you can find music by genre, I'd assumed there would be some way to organize images to make finding the one that fits my mood easier. Is all that coming? Can we get some more handholding on finding, storing, managing, and using images? Hi....Very excited and delighted that you're back on schedule....And I'm hoping that you can tell me when my unit will ship......i.e., where my order fits into the timeline. I was originally supposed to be among the June shipments. I think the EO guys deserve a shout out, not just for delivering with only small delays, but also for the constant, calm feedback provided on this forum. It could be a lot worse - backers of Framed are not having quite the same experience (yup, that's me, too). Kind of late to ask, but are images only loaded via your website. Do they become paperweights if your company and website go out of business? Got shipping notification today (7/7). UPS tracking says it will arrive 7/13. Of those of you that have recieved your EO1 I'm curious to hear feed back. Once I get mine I'll try and post an unboxing video and a review video, since it doesn't seem like anyone else has done one yet. When can I expect delivery? Was early supporter at high level and haven't heard a word from you. Thx No shipping confirmation yet :( cannot wait for delivery... Actually in your last update on June 12th you said shipping would be complete in 4 to 5 weeks. It's been 2 and a half weeks so far. I don't think its to much to ask just to be upfront and honest with the people who helped fund your project. I realize that problems come up things get delayed, but if you let us know on the front end, sure you might have some disappointed supporters but nothing compared to when we are just left trying to figure out what's going on. Backer #1133 still no shipping info or product. Way passed time for an update. Time for an update .... I have a vacation planned the 9th of July through the 22nd if you have not shipped my units by the first of July I ask that you hold my shipment until the 16th or17th of July so I don't have expensive items sitting on my door for weeks thanks. Is shipping still proceeding as planned? How many units have been shipped out now? I still haven't recieved anything. Will the Sleep Schedule and Brightness be added to the Phone Apps? Would be nice to be able to just use the phone app and not have to also use the web. Also, any news on shipping of white displays? I've gotten my Black display with stand and it is looking great. Hi, any news about shipping and delivery time? I need to ask, because we are soon starting holidays and will be only from time to time at home. I am located in Europe so I guess first thing that will happen will be customs departament trying to catch us and charge import fees. It will be complicated because part of the holidays we will spend abroad. Are you able to deliver parcel by July 13th? (I am leaving 1 week for customs departament formalities and actual delivery). My second concern are duty fees. What kind of document will you deliver? (Invoice?) Could you lower total amount, eg. by showing 0 as shipping cost. Can you eventually send a product as prize or gift? And finally: what overseas delivery method did you choose? (I hope it is not some ship :-)) Cheers Asia So just to clarify regarding network folders: I can point EO1 to a network folder and as I add images to that folder, EO1 will automatically display them? Or, I have to manually load each image onto EO1? Sorry for all the questions......I saw a youtube video where it was mentioned that the EO1 could display images based off of input from weather, other api's/external inputs, etc. Is this something that is coming in the future? Also, i know that slideshows are not planned to be an option, but will there be an option to automatically switch artwork periodically (i.e. each day a different random piece of artwork is displayed)? Also is there a way to adjust the brightness or the ambient light settings? I don't see the sleep schedule in the settings menu. Am I missing something here? Can EO1 display images from a network folder? Unit arrived yesterday and was really impressed on how it was boxed. Great work and care on that part. So far everything has been a smooth setup process, everything has worked perfectly. Selecting different art from the iOS app is almost instant(within one or two seconds max). From a technical side was kinda bummed to see it only showing "802.11g". Would have been nice to see an 11n radio. So far everything is perfect. Great job! Great update but can you do another one soon about the app we haven't seen much about how it functions? How about an update!?!?!? If not Artkick, will we be able to stream pictures of our own and from the web or are we reliant on your artist offerings? ( in which case I would greatly regret making this pledge. ) Hi, maybe a bit late, but is it still possible to order the stand? Hi, when will the iOS app be available? Pre shipping email received.....yea... Looking forward to getting my EO1. Sorry if this is an obvious question (I'm way below lo-tech), but will I need to plug the thing in to an electrical outlet? Excited to recieve my EO1. Just wondering if you'd be willing to post dimensions/sizes of the wooden frames? I ordered a plastic but would love to make my own wooden one - "art held by art". Even a how to, on removing/replacing the frame?! Will it be possible to stream Artkick to the EO1? Awesome thank you Insert crickets chirping track here. I'm with Jason. Could you give us an idea when you might be shipping the EO1's. Something general is reasonable and fine. Just checking in wanted to see how production was coming along and make sure we are still getting these in little over a month? Stand update, not frame. Jake, maybe I'm the only one but I've only just found the vines over at <url>"EO1 is designed primarily for the wall, and we view the stand as an accessory for people who want to bring it into their home in a different way." Perhaps, but the product is depicted on the stand more often than it is wall-mounted (I'm on mobile, but in the details for this project, six of the first eight images depict the EO1 on the stand, the reveal in your original video shows the EO1 on a stand several times before we see it wall-mounted). While I do feel you made it clear that the stand would be available later, to me it felt like a rather essential accessory in the way it was marketed and that it would come in at a "no brainer" price point, not ~13% of the price of the frame itself. To then defend the price based largely on the notion that's it's optional seems to run a little counter to the way the product was originally presented. This isn't my area of expertise, but I can't help but think that we wouldn't have been left with a bad impression had you shown the EO1 wall-mounted near-exclusively with one or two images on the stand, not the other way around. Still, I'm hugely excited to get my EO1, my intent here was simply to share a bit of feedback. I'm also disappointed about making the stand an additional $40. It's expensive and regardless of what it is made of it should have been included in the original price point for backers. You want us to spread the good word but, to be honest, this leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I bought my EO1 stand just now, and in my automated receipt it stated my EO1 would ship in September! When did this slip from May for non-Beta backers?? Hi, I have received an email asking if I want to get a stand for E01. But realised that the stand cost $40 and the cheapest shipping cost is $45! Since we already paid shipping cost for our EO1, why can the stand be send together so that we don't need to pay Additional shipping cost? Thanks. Ran across this on Product Hunt and I can't help but see A BUNCH of similarities to Electric Objects's product: <url>"early next week". But still no tracking info yet. When can I get it?? Hi there, any update on when the beta's will be shipped out. I've heard a few times that it will be soon but no tracking info or confirmation yet, assume I'm back of the queue as I'm in London. What wireless band will be supported, 2.4GHz, 5GHz or both? did i mention that it is ludicrously easy to put images on the EO? well it is. my 9 year old figured it out instantly. we were upstairs while he was downstairs changing images. not that he isn't tech savvy. but still. PS By no tape, I am referring to a Kickstarter I had a while back that was sent held together with tape. :( Sorry, got carried away with internal references only I would understand. I got my beta. I'm not sure if it's ok to say anything. Maybe I signed an NDA… I don't recall doing it though! Ok, hope this doesn't upset anyone as I don't intend it to (except for Gleb… curse you Gleb!)!!! Anyway, I am a member of a bunch of Kickstarters, including the colossal failure of ZPM Espresso (give me my money back Gleb!), and this one stands out as having brought product to completion quickly and with high quality. The packaging is top notch. The unboxing experience and setup are flawless. These guys did a good job. No glitches. It just worked. No tape, no crap. My only question was why they even needed Kickstarter for something this ready for prime time. This does NOT look like a beta product. It's finished. High quality. Honestly, I found it more finished than any new Apple product (which always have show stopper bugs of some kind). Disclaimer: I own lots of Apple stock and have no investment in EO except for this one beta unit which I paid for as did any of you. Just give me landscape mode and I'll be super, ultra, mega happy! @jason thanks looks like my unit gets here monday according to both UPS and the eo team. better than most kickstarters, i expect!!! @ken if you look back to comments 7 days ago from this one you will see they are still on track to ship in May Y/n maybe? That was it just good to hear we are still on track Production update and shipping for non beta backers Any update when the remaining beta units are shipped? Hope your event is going well today but I was wondering if we will see a production update soon thanks So as a beta backer, I'm assuming I'll get a unit soon. As an artist, I'm expecting I'll be able to create works for it. Where can I find out about what steps I'd take to get my art onto the EO? ..Ignore my previous comment... Just read that landscape isn't instantly supported. Unless I make images and rotate them i guess? One other question, could I wire this up to a Belkin Wemo so that it only turns on when someone is nearby? i.e. what is the startup time from sleep, if such a thing exists Looking forward to receiving this, one question (hopefully not too stupid) but can it be displayed 'landscape' too? Just thinking for adding some of my own artwork to it ^at What's the end of the cord? A wall wart or a plug? I'm sure this has been covered somewhere, but as a beta tester in the greater NYC area, I'm hoping to get my EO1 soon and just realized… What about that pesky cable? There must be some strategies for dealing with it that you've come up with. I have a few plugs in the house that are at rather odds levels and perhaps could be taken advantage of. Plus, I have a GC in the house who could install a plug at an odd height. @ creator, Hello! You mentioned the "resolution is 1080p (1080x1920) and brightness is 300 nits." any idea on the contrast ratio? And what other characteristics does the display have? TFT/IPS/LED/etc. . I'm looking at where it will go, like a sunny room, near a window, and want to compare it to what I know thus far. Thanks! Hey guys, congratulations on the progress! It says you are compiling a bunch of art from libraries artists ect. when do you think it will be available/ where will I be able to access this archive?? Kickstarter Backer Survey response link, sent out Nov 24th seems to be broken. Kickstarter glitch? Any additional information on offering some type of stand for the EO1, for those of who prefer not to hang it on a wall? Thanks. Just received your email stating that the wooden frame will be shipped separately and to choose a colour of white or black which it will be attached to. Not sure this is what was offered and sounds a lot like it's going to be bolted on to the standard frame? Is this correct and if it it I assume it will make the whole thing protrude? I'm also being asked to attach it! Updates anyone?? Thanks for the update. You said you ordered the LCD panels-what is the display resolution and brightness (in nits or lumens)? I have faith in the E01 love - but would like a little update love I am getting concerned. Am I the only one? I'm wondering the same... Maybe I completely missed something, but where are the updates on production, suppliers, developments, last minute changes etc? Where is that eagerly awaited update? Okay, great! Any progress on the development? Not sure if anyone here has done a comparison between EO and FRAMED2.0 which is also available on KS. By the way, I am one of thee many thousands EO backers here. :P Are preorders via the website billed now or at shipping time? How much would it be to replace the bulb or whatever goes out after the 30k ish hours? For the Awake and sleep times, I would love for the device to have a gradual transition (like a fade in/fade out) I have another digital frame-type device and it is quite jarring to have it suddenly spring awake in the wee hours of the morning. Along those lines, does the device have brightness settings, or an ambient sensor? I heard in the video that it is designed to "fade into the background" How does it adjust to different lighting conditions? Congrats! Looking forward to having Electric Objects in my life. @Creator thanks! And congratulations with the fantastic result! More than 30x the original goal! Congrats, Electric Objects! My "Slideshow pacing" desire is once every 24hours. I would love to just set it to a flickr album and have it randomly pick a new image every 24 hours. @creator In addition to the question of Richard below, you mention in your FAQ: "We will know the time of day, and we can offer settings to control "Sleep" and "Awake" modes". Will we be able to set on and off schedules ourselves? A simple sleep/awake would not suffice, since I have different needs for weekdays and weekends. As long as I can set the on/off hours per day, the 15000 hours lifetime are fine for me. If the panels have 15000 hours. And I have it on every day, it lasts only 1,5 year. Can it not be increased? Wait - I'll have to change images manually? Can you confirm this as if true I'm afraid its a deal break for me. I was hoping to use this as a way of displaying random pictures from my collection. Is this possible? :( you answered everyone's question but not mine.. What's the total weight? I've read almost all the comments so I know this has been hashed over, but I just wanted to put my vote in now for how important landscape will be to me. I didn't pledge initially because of the lack of commitment to a landscape display option, but have changed my mind after reading recent comments and hope that it becomes a priority very soon after release. I plan on using this as a business display for photography and a majority of my photos are landscape orientation. Thanks and looking forward to hearing more as it develops! Do you guys have an estimated lifetime on the display, aka 10000 hours rated from the manufacturer? any idea on the weight? Hi,nice idea ! Being a photographer,I am interested in the potential of the display as an high-tech photo frame. I'm wondering how easy will it be to set slideshow settings ? Will we be able to fetch photos from flickr for example ? Basically,will we be able to use the display as a frame for the thousands of pictures that sits in our computer ? Thanks and good luck ! I was wondering if i would be able to stream gifs or images from a webpage or meta page? for example i could get gifs from <url>"upgrade"? If so, I might have to pledge for two units now! 2 Questions I had that might have already been answered. Any chance of being able to store personal photos on the frame itself without having to upload the pictures to the cloud or have a html site? Also are you planning on being able to schedule the time it is on each day? It would be nice to schedule it to turn on and run for x hours per day so when you are sleeping at work it is off. Very excited to back this project. Question - I wasn't given an option to choose my color (black or white). Will I still be able to make a selection before shipment? Im also from australia. Is the power supply inbuilt or will it be external? Plugpack style or laptop style? Cheers Agree with Jeffrey I'm from Australia and would like to have a slim plug that won't need me to have a big adaptor Excellent project, glad it will be funded, and look forward to getting one. One suggestion/plea. Please make the power cord/transformer so that it is easy to change what type of outlet it can plug into (US, Australia, UK, Europe, etc), and that it accepts 110-240V. Just like how Apple does it with their power cords: removable plug, which can be changed depending on region, or so a longer power cord can be used. Not only a great design, but better for the environment. Thanks. Thank you. The upload of personal pics on the EO1 will be possible in both ways (web app and IOS/Android App) directly from our smartphone? And will EO1 support landscape orientation? Thank you Hi. I have a few questions: - What does the EO1 use as the front material; Any protection, like glass in front of the display? - Will we be able to turn the unit(s) off -and- on remotely? - Will we be able to set a schedule when we want the unit on? - The size you mentioned of 21.75"H x 12.98"W x 1.71"D, is that also the size with the wooden frame? Thanks Thank you. But if I upload one of my picture, will this be uploaded just on my EO1 or is it uploaded on a cloud and visible from everyone? So is it an upload function integrated in the IOS app? Thank you Maybe a silly question, but does it produce any sound? Because it would be quite annoying if you hear a fan blowing or anything. Most of the photos show the frame without the cord (in a showroom setting). Can you provide a few of what a potential real-life set up may look like? with all the cords exposed etc. Thanks. An easy way to have a photostream or an album of photos cycle through would be appreciated; emphasis on the easy. Would you consider adding a sensor(s) as a stretch goal? Such as motion or sound, so artists could create interactive pieces. Thanks! Will handle 120 - 220 V also for Eu Customers? Thank you Hi Just want to know the exact weight and size of the item Hi, sorry, how do i upload my pictures (maybe from my iphone pictures) on EO1 if my images (as the iphone pictures) don't have an URL? Thank you I am a picture framer in the UK, I kinda had this a similar idea years ago and have currently framed monitors, large flat screens and the smaller electronic picture frames. It would seem that a custom made frame could be added to the existing frame of the EO1. Having now got one of these on order, as a backer, I am looking forward to hanging it in my small gallery workshop.....if it takes off what are the chances of buying wholesale? One further question from me, how difficult will it be to put my own custom frame on instead of the one that it comes with? Will it be as easy as basically a reasonably standard picture frame (if they made them in the size & ratio used)? 2-4GB is kinda low, depending on how much space is available to the user. However, given that the panel size is lower resolution than most high-end photography, just resize it down to the panel size and you'll save a ton of space. I imagine most artwork specifically made for this will simply be the resolution of the panel, which even at lossless compression will be fairly small. @Edward 60MB PNGs would be huge resolution, why would you use such high resolution on a 1080p panel? Otherwise, technology-wise, I'd think it'd work with 1GB of RAM available and dual-core Cortex-A9 CPUs. It wouldn't open them all up at once, it'd do them one at a time, or at most the current and next one. You wouldn't have them all opened in memory at the same time. @Richard It's not purely the weight, it's the size. These are 23" panels, which means you're probably dealing with effectively a 25-27" panel when you add the framing. I'd guess at probably 15-20 pounds, maybe more, and a pretty good sized box. Isn't $200 not a bit too much for sending two Electric Objects to Europe? I mean, what does it weigh? i would highly recommend considering integrating a SDHC slot. 2-4GB is barely enough for high res images nowadays. if cost is a factor - how about upping the capacity to a more palatable 16GB. that should be sufficient for most users imho. thanks. and i'd like to ask again: and do you forsee any difficulty if the device was to open say a sequence of 60MB PNG images and display as a slideshow may i know how much storage does this device have? and do you forsee any difficulty if the device was to open say a sequence of 60MB PNG images and display as a slideshow Re: the portrait orientation - I'd like to offer a comparison to a window. Perhaps most windows in buildings are of portrait orientation (though maybe not this slim), so the E01 could have a lot of art that looks like a window into another place, a fantasy environment. That could be a cool kind of new thing. Maybe it could be differentiated from just a cropped image via some hints that it's showing a scene outside of a house (like the subtle shadow of a canopy projected on the ground) or a slow pan from left to right & back, with a bit of a perspective tilt like someone who is rotating his head, looking from side to side. This is where I would actually like some speakers on the thing.. Even if it's a very terrestrial scene, like a beach, it could be accompanied by an immersive soundtrack of ocean sounds, which would still fit a lot of your abstract goals, like being ambient, not intrusive, soothing, etc. Since you support Bluetooth, I figure I'll just do that with a Bluetooth speaker or something (or maybe USB? or maybe I can use an internal USB header if you guys leave any exposed on the motherboard? ha). Electric Objects guys: maybe check out <url>"landscape" in "imaginarylandscapes" vs. portrait orientation) Hi, when you say "we'll support importing artwork from your local disk (via upload)" are you saying this device has built-in memory? Any support for NFS/SMB shares? And finally "We'll know a lot more once this is in users' hands and we're getting their feedback." - do you mean this device will be shipped incomplete - and we risk having a limited feature set as your earliest supporters? Thanks @ElectricObjects Thanks for the reply, I understand your reasoning within the context you describe. To me 1920x1080 feels like primarily a landscape resolution designed for TV/movie viewing, and unfortunately seems too awkward in the portrait orientation. But I accept that I am in the minority. Anyway, I wish you luck going forward; you have a great success on your hands! Being a current backer for the wooden frame version, could I add an additional $299 for a black frame one (combo pack: wooden frame and black frame)? If so, I need to save up some money quick. Thanks for the answer - and it sounds like a great answer! I don't know exactly why I was unsure about whether you would limit the art to a curated set.. I think the "explore and display thousands of objects" might have thrown me off, and I suppose I just didn't know how Apple-fisted you guys were wanting to play it. So I had to ask. I also saw the "view anything with a URL" and wasn't sure exactly how to reconcile those statements, guessing how it might be implemented. It seems fine now; I don't think you need any more explanation for me. I will probably be making a web-app platform that will be done slightly before your release, then I'm willing to spend maybe a few spare-time-in-the-evening weeks porting it to E01. I will let you know (or let someone on the team know) when I've got something. Thanks, Mike I'm glad I read the comments - this doesn't support landscape mode? Wow. That instantly rules out at least half of all available art. Not only is landscape support vital but a wall- mount that swivels to take advantage of it. That would be an astonishing product. As it is now, the aspect ratio of your portrait mode seems too tall. How black are black bars if the aspect ratio of the image doesn't match? I'm on the fence for now but waiting to be convinced. No mention of stretch goals yet? Very pleased to have backed this. As with most art I've displayed, I opted for a black frame, which will mount on a white wall. PLEASE let me have have a white power cord! Thanks EO, I do understand about focusing on a single platform for the moment :) However, there's still the lingering questions about the panel, color gamut, color calibration. And you say local content (e.g. saved to the device), but what about local network shares like SMB? Will you have support for that? I hope you can reconsider supporting the option of landscape format in your app. With the form factor, the ability to show the wide view opens up new possibilities, and would be a great platform to showcase panoramic landscape photography. Hi. Thanks for making this - it seems fantastic. I have wanted to build something like this for years, for my own use, and this is going to be better, less expensive, and less hassle! I am looking forward to it. I am also a software developer, and I was planning on making a web app for my own version of this. So I suppose I will be using your SDK. I'll keep my questions and comments simple for now: 1) Is there any barrier to entry for getting the SDK? Would it cost money, for example? 2) Do you think it will be easy to run this in 'SDK mode' and regular-user mode, so that I can easily switch to enjoying the curated art without having to reinstall/reformat something? 3) Please consider allowing the viewing of arbitrary URLs without the SDK.. I have no aspirations of distributing my project for personal gain, but it seems that art is so personal and widely variable, it would be a shame to limit it to a seemingly strictly controlled set of possibilities. I'm all for the high quality that expert curation can give - I am just also a proponent of user choice. 4) Please allow us to order a black frame with a white cord, or vice versa. 5) Personally, I would love the freedom to use the device however I want, going to whatever URL, installing a web server so I could serve from localhost, etc. I would very much appreciate that and I know that many developers would, also. I hope it's not going to come with heavy-handed, arbitrary disabling of such features out of the box. So please keep that in mind as a possible use case. Thanks, Mike Follow up, along with Edward: URL is much different than SMFS/NFS/etc. Or even a USB drive plugged in (don't know if there are plans for that or not). Please be more exact, or at least say you're still working on it or have plans, but initially won't support it. And, how will content be checked for a 'feed'? Will it require going through your cloud service? Or will we be able to have our own custom one(s) that we enter locally? Please tell us how any 'cloud' service tie-ins, specifically your own store & such. As for the display, yea, I figured it was something like that for the aspect ratio. Thoughts/plans on a future version, if you're rather successful with this after the kickstarter, with different ratios? And some specs on display gamut, type, and backlighting type would be handy. Especially display gamut, as that could be quite important for some artists/photographers. Speaking of which, while it won't really be perfect as it's not in it's final lighting environment, will these panels be color calibrated before being shipped? Will there be any provisions to calibrate the display by the end-users? Last, again, is this just a small bit of an application framework on top of Android which likely is easily ported to *nix? Or is it more than that and inexplicably tied to Android? And totally understand about the RPi. For any major animations (via JS or such), I figured the CPU wouldn't keep up. But do you have any thoughts on releasing it for hardware which does have enough horsepower? How about something like the HummingBoard (<url>"app store" for the art to have access to free art as well as art to buy? Very exciting project! Do you have any details on product dimension, weight and thickness? Also if I would like the stand option, should I include it in the pledge? Love it and preordered. But.. have you considered using a higher definition LCD panel, Retina like? When I look at art... I love to get close and get every single detail: the "standard" HD 1080 resolution might be not enough on a 23". Thanks! I'm interested in five of Annie's frames for my Pledge... Is that appropriate and what would I do to upgrade? Thanks! Totally cool. Any more detailed specs on color uniformity / quality / bit depth? What panel are you using? 1. can this play a slideshow of posters stored on a home server? 2. will there be a sd card slot? I noticed all the promo material shows the EO1 in portrait, can it be displayed in Landscape? What I wanted to display my own artwork; what I be able to do that? Hi can I show my kids photos on EO1 from my MacBook Pro or my iPad Air or iPhone 5 or iPhone 6 or my Gopro hero +3 black ? Thanks Nice idea. I did a bit the same with a digital picture frame that I managed to tweak the frame for another one made of wood. Look much better and more style. I could see some pretty neat IFTTT integration. If temperature drops below 20 degrees show warm beach photo. If forecast calls for rain show rain cinemagraph. If Wemo at front door detects motion turn on. If door sensor opens turn on. If I haven't worked out in three days show the statue of David. It could really add a lot of functionality for those that want it without compromising the device itself for those that don't. I'm pre-ordering one, because I've been thinking about this for years so I'm happy someone else has (almost) done it so I don't have to. A motion detector in the frame would be nice to power down the screen when no one has been around for a while. For people with more then 1 frame let them lay them out like a multi monitor setup, so once you lay out your frames, you could have say have an OpenGL fish swim from one to the next on top of your art. Years ago I swapped out all my light bulbs for LEDs to save power, so I'm wondering how much power this will take. my worst LEDs lights take 10 watts, most take 6-8 @ElectricObjects I appreciate that and definitely want you to focus on the EO1 first. Still, if you assume a standard television at 1080p, you can use the same app that you built for the EO1, but add the ability to Chromecast as well. I know you are designing art for 23" 1080p, built on web technologies, so this is not quite the stretch that it may seem. The EO1 may be the flagship product, but bringing more art into our homes is surely a worthy cause. :-) Since you are building a store of art, have you considered a Chromecast app to let people show this art on their televisions as well? Very interested in this! I'm a fulltime photographer who loves animated gifs. I do a lot of weddings and love making cinemagraphs for my clients. Will your device run the .gif format? I share them here: <url>"share" the screen out to other people that have the App to load different things on to it? Amazing! Two questions: -how do i add a stand? -will international shipping have insurance? it's a large, fragile, expensive item to ship... SNAG! Congrats, you guys!