I am in full agreement with all of the comments below, the movie is amazing but the lack of attention and respect paid to the original funders is unacceptable. I'll say it once once again, a piece of shit burnable DVD in a paper sleeve 3 and a half years later, after everyone else in the world has seen the movie is a joke. Very disappointed in the outcome of my first ever Kickstarter I contributed too. I am not looking for special treatment or recognition just a proper copy of the movie promised in the original funding request. More excuses for poor treatment. If I would have known in 2011 the backers would be the last to see the movie and get a crappy product in crappy packaging, I would have waited to get the movie for $15 from Amazon that came in a proper box with proper labeling and quality. Spin it any way you want, but you're a cheap, lying **** You offered Colby a link for a digital download. Are you willing to do the same for the rest of the backers? Wow, quite the let-down. After pledging $125, four years (!) later all I get is a burned DVD in a plain paper sleeve? No, I wasn't expecting a jewel-studded wooden box, but I thought you'd be putting a tiny little bit more care into what you would send out to those people who made your project possible in the first place. This is no way to treat the enthusiastic crowd who gave you over $100k. And I'm not even speaking of the fact that this is a standard definition DVD, no HD anywhere in sight. Very early in the hype around Vivian Maier, I asked John Maloof to come on my show for an interview. He brushed me off which left me with a shallow aftertaste. I should've trusted my gut feeling back then. I finally got my DVD. What a disappointment. Plain white paper DVD sleeve and a cheap purple-dye DVD that you can buy at Office Depot and already is scratched up due to being shipped in a crappy cardboard envelope. What a disappointment this entire experience has been. Here's hoping you lose your lawsuit to the other VM heir. Now that i finally have my DVD in hand, and there's no worry that it will never arrive, i can go ahead and voice my displeasure at how this whole operation was run. 3 and a half years it took to get this DVD. After non-backers got to attend screenings, after it was available for rent elsewhere, after pretty much everyone else got to see it. I know, something about the distribution contract with IFC is the go-to line. But frankly, you should have renegotiated your contract terms to make good with the folks that kicked you a hundred thousand dollars sight unseen to help spread access to Vivian Maier's work. On top of that, i actually feel pretty mislead as to the intent of this kickstarter. What i thought was a genuine appeal to crowdfunding in order to help catalog and document all of Maier's work from this discovery turned into what i can only assume is a weird cash grab when you sold distribution rights to IFC and started having big screenings. I can't help but think the wrong person found her film. Or maybe it started out with good intentions, but money twisted things the wrong way. But hey, i've got my DVD now, 3 years after the fact. Nevermind that it got sent to me Media Mail, in a crappy cardboard sleeve with no DVD case or anything. I sincerely hope whatever lawyer is suing you wins. You might not be a bad person, but you handled this all wrong. Well, my DVD arrived the same day as my Netflix rented one in the mail. It came in a brown CD mailer. No DVD cover, no letter, nothing-just a DVD. And why no jacket? Is our $125 donation worth less then the copies on the rental store shelves? After screening the movie, I will give them credit for a well researched, well edited film. I only wish they had taken the time to research common courtesy regarding their original backers. My final hope is that Kickstarter starts monitoring situations like this one, and intervenes at some point on behalf of the funding source-us. I just got the DVD today. And now see that I apparently missed out on the 24-hour digital download window version of this by a year (my bad?). I'm happy you got the DVD produced. Given the nature of the subject matter a high-def video is what I'd like to keep though (and had expected given I pledged $125). Eager to see it. Thanks. It's a shame... No DVD in hand after giving my support, but my local DVD rental store has it on their shelf. Very disappointed. You're a real piece of work. You deliver two years late and then send the DVD out by media mail, which is the cheapest possible way to ship something and takes up to 9 days. For my $125, you couldn't manage an extra dollar or so to ship it in a way that takes less than a week? What a joke. At this rate, the backers are going to be the last people to see this film. This experience has completely turned me off from Kickstarter. At what point does one just give up believing? I feel like I'm ranting to the wind, hoping for a response that will never come. And what will I do once I receive the DVD? I'll probably destroy it as a symbol of my dissatisfaction with this process. Nearly another month has passed since the last time I checked on the status of the DVD shipment. No surprise-still not shipped. I'll just have to rent it on Netflix and pay for a DVD I should have received ages ago. As for future Kickstarter campaigns, I certainly will never back another Toneloof project. And I will spread the word to others. One thing's for sure: this is by far the longest time I've ever waited for a Kickstarter reward (over 3 years?) and my level of frustration is pretty high. It doesn't help that over the last years the DVD with its SD resolution has really come to feel ancient and can't compete with HD anymore. Are there any plans to ever make an HD version available to us early backers? Is there still no new news on the information survey update and dvd shipments? I do need to change my address info as I have moved since receiving my copy of the book, and want to be sure my dvd is delivered when/if it becomes available to us patient backers... What does IFC have to do with it? Fears about piracy are misplaced. It is going to be pirated. You're sending out DVDs... someone is going to upload a digital copy probably within an hour of receiving it. TVO in Ontario is airing it (for free!) on August 9th. Someone will record it and pirate it. While I appreciate the desire to prevent piracy to protect the investment... it just isn't going to work, and will only succeed in alienating your small backers. (for the record, I've already paid the see the movie twice already in the theatre, including at the world premiere at TIFF) I suppose we tiny supporters don't even rise to the level of getting a response from the lofty Toneloof. At this point I am wanting a refund of my support money due to pathetic customer service, and a 2 year delay on the reward. Lame lame lame And now I see it is available to buy/rent via iTunes. For the digital download reward people, please clarify what you mean with respect to when the reward will be available. Is it your intent to only make it available to us after it has left every theatre in the USA? Internationally? I presume the purpose of this is to minimize piracy and to increase the likelihood of people paying to see it in the theaters? If so, why are DVDs being shipped? I, too, was an original backer for this project. It seems that you have lost sight of those humble folks who, with $10 and $20 pledges, got you on the map. Not only are you over two years late on the release of the film, but we had only 24 hours to see the digital version. This I was unable to see because I missed the deadline for viewing by two hours-when I emailed I was told in no uncertain terms that there was no way to extend the viewing period. Great customer service. My friends have already seen the movie in theaters, but I have yet to see it. Call me old fashioned but I thought backers would get to see the movie first, not last. I understand the need for IFC and large backers to come on board, but to sign a contract excluding the release of the DVD to the very people who got you to the place where you could negotiate with IFC seems short sighted and selfish. I encourage you to heed the comments left by backers should you consider another Kickstarter campaign. I received the update asking to fill out the address survey, but I never received any link to the survey. I went into my original pledge from 2011 and change my address there, as I had moved since. Is that enough? Do I need to fill out anything else? I was a little surprised to see a little ad on my local news page announcing that the film was debuting in theaters as of Friday, March 28th. That must mean that the hard copy of the DVD's for backers are ready. Should we expect them to arrive very very soon? Hi Team, so I've received a link to download the movie. Once logging into the system yesterday it appeared "expired". I requested a new link from the IFC Support team and am told "this was a one-time opportunity. It worked well for the most part...We hope you will enjoy the film when it comes out." Really?? So I've now waited three years to have had a 24hrs window to download my reward (which I missed due to travel) and that is it? Seriously?!? You selected Pledge $25 or more 350 backers You'll receive a digital download of the completed film (film expected release in 2012). Survey sent: 3/17/2011 • Your response I've just watched the movie. Thank you for making it available to us, even if it was only for 24 hrs. It was riveting to see/hear Vivian's backstory and the film looks like a good promotion tool to get more galleries/museums interested in Vivian's work. So: good job on that front. In the end, that's all that matters: her work. I was feeling a bit let down by the book because I didn't think you chose her best work for it (probably saving it for some more prestigious people?), or maybe I was just disappointed I didn't get to see most of my faves. I don't know. But the film made up for that. Regarding the treatment or rather non-treatment of the backers, this project could've gone better, but seeing the amount of work you had with Vivian's stuff and the time you invested extra (like flying to France, etc.), I feel a bit a bit more forgiving towards you. I'm still glad I supported you because I keep seeing Vivian's work pop up in unexpected places and people trying to tell me about her and I get to feel a bit smug and think "Hey, you don't have to tell me about Vivian Maier!" It's good to know you got professional help with the scanning and printing, it makes me feel like her legacy is in good hands with you. And I feel it's the right thing to do, to campaign for her work. She may not have been an angel in real life (especially towards the end of her life as a nanny), but her photography work is outstanding and touching and should be celebrated. So thank you. You're doing tremedous work. I have just watched the movie thanks to the 24 hour link for backers. It was absolutely fantastic and of excellent quality in every aspect. Vivian Maier's story is fascinating, surprising and moving and you told it in the best possible way. I think one of the highlights was hearing the contents of the letter she wrote in French about her photography, which makes us realise that there had been a time when she wanted to make photography her profession and that she knew she was good. Thank you John Maloof for your tenacity, talent and sensitivity in bringing Vivian Maier out of her boxes and locked rooms in to the open for all the world to see. I just watched the film. Wonderful, wonderful. Beautiful work. And may I say how very very glad I am that you, John Maloof, found her work. It has, in you, the perfect curator. Thank you. You've done great work, but kick start or not, it kills the whole vibe when you can't look after the very community that helped put your project on the map. That should've been a condition in your distribution contract. Big or small, we are investors in your venture. Re: Update #20 Delighted things are going so well. I know you are busy but please don't make the it's versus its mistake - "................. until it's official release in theaters in March." Should be ..... until its official release in theaters in March. Sorry to be picky but it drives me crazy!! Best wishes from one of your earliest supporters. Much like Adam, I am very disappointed. I thought as a backer I would get to see the movie first - not LAST. It's been almost 3 years and I guess I'll have to go to the theater in March in order to see the movie since the DVD will be sent after that. It just doesn't seem right!!!! "The deals we make with distribution doesn't allow us to send out DVDs in advance of the film unfortunately" It's a bummer that the people who almost 3 years ago funded this project to get it off the ground don't get to see the film first so distro can make money. Doesn't quite seem fair. Capitalism and the arts, like oil and water. That said I'm excited that its getting closer to the time that we will be able to enjoy the Vivian Maier documentary. I am being very respectful and considerate, just a little disappointed. Still waiting for the digital download... Thanks Nigel, I was just about to ask the question!! I'm curious to know when we might expect the DVD. Could you please post an update on that. It would be nice if backers might get the DVD in advance of the film being released to the general public. Toneloof: thanks for the reply. Looking forward the video. I've been telling everyone about it. I am very excited to see the progress being made on the film. I remember when I discovered an obscure article about the Vivian Maier discovery and was hooked into her work immediately. I started following everything I could find, and eventually ran into this Kickstarter project just as it was getting off the ground. I was unemployed at the time but managed to scrape enough to become a sponsor. I knew it was going to be a long process, but was excited to feel like I had made a contribution, even if a small one. Now as things get closer to completion, my anticipation has hit a new level. I am amazed by her work and can't wait to learn more about her. It also leaves hope that there are more undiscovered artists out there that are just waiting to be found. I know this is way too early, but do you guys have any idea where in Chicago you'll have the movie premier at? I continue to be fascinated and excited about Vivian Maier's photography and can't wait to see the film. We will hopefully learn a little more about this amazing and mysterious woman. Good luck to all involved in this project. the trailer left me wanting more!! i'm so thrilled to see progress on the movie and cannot wait to learn more about ms. maier and her life. i can't wait to see much more of her work ! thank you for your efforts! you have my continued support. Where's the digital copy of the video I signed up for by backing at a certain level? I bought the book -- very nice. Where's the film? It said released 2012, but I know delays can happen. Still on track? i received the book late last fall/early winter and it i thought it turned out great! i love the minimalist presentation and the fact that there are no captions or other text to influence my perpection and appreciation of maier's work. we know so very little about her as a person and not knowing made her images that much more compelling. i can't wait for the DVD and hope all continues to go well w/ production. We received our book just before Christmas. It's nice...just not as captivating as the pictures on the website were. I don't think the best of her work was chosen for this first book. I was absolutely mesmerized by the collection posted on the site. Also, I would love to see future books include location and dates as those were interesting details when they were given on the website. I concur with previous commenters that pictures of all the same size are not as interesting as variety. One thing I was captivated by was the opening picture...the one of Vivian and the round mirrors...where her reflection just went "on and on". It's ironic...since she never expected her work to go on and on and on. She kept it to herself and it may have remained stored, buried, or sent to a dump. :( That opening picture is a graphic depiction of what has now happened through your efforts: Her work will go on and on and on.....Thank you. I'm looking forward to the film, and hope that it will include more of her better works. This user's account has been deleted. Just received my book today and am about to unwrap it - I guess Australia is a long way away! Has ANYONE heard from TONELOOF? They have ignored my messages and while I have seen the book as we purchased it for others, I would LOVE to receive mine!!!! I have also not received the book nor any response to emails - very disappointed. Come on guys! I have sent 4-5 messages to Toneloof with absolutely NO response...and no book yet! This is kind of sad... I have not received my book either and no responses to e-mails. What is up?? I also have many blank pages in the Vivian Maier book. I have tried to contact Toonloof twice and get no reply. Does everyone have multiple blank pages? While the book is great to own the lack of reply and question of printing quality makes me concerned about the remained of the project. Toonloof, if you read this please be courteous enough to reply. No...I haven't received mine either and am not getting any response to my many attempts at trying to contact someone. Am I the only one that still hasn't received their book? Thanks so much for the beautiful coffeetable book! Truly love it. I was reviewing my book and really love it, but I have about 17 pages that are blank in just random parts of the book. Is mine an anomolie or do they all have 17 blank pages with no text or pictures? <url>"Finding Vivian Maier." An epic adventure in 2011 indeed! I get so completely emotionally overwhelmed over this whole story; Vivian Maier's solitary existence while capturing the world around her on film...I don't know... the irony of it all makes me weep... It's as though she went through life seeing everything while being unseen herself; why is it often that only in death do we really see what was there all along? Posthumously, we will finally see through the lens of her camera what she herself saw. And there is such sadness that she herself never revisited any of the images she captured on film; that none of the film was developed until her demise. She saw; we didn't. We see; she doesn't. It's confounding, perplexing, disturbing, fascinating, sad but most of all thoroughly intoxicating and amazing. What I've seen on TV and online so far is amazing. I can't wait to see the exhibit next week at the Cultural Center. I'm pledging my support in honor of my late brother in law Keith, who himself was a phenomenal photographer. I know that he would have been thrilled to see her work. My sister-in-law (Art Teacher) brought our niece (budding photographer) to Chicago especially to see the exhibit at the Chicago Cultural Center. Vivian Maier definitely had an artist's eye. Looking forward to the book and the documentary! Thank you for saving her work for the world to see! LOVE THIS - LOOKING FORWARD TO GOING TO THE SHOW ON THE 24TH AT THE CULTURAL MUSEUM AND HEARING THE DISCUSSION ON THE EXHIBIT. THANKS, AND SO GLAD SHE IS GETTING SO MUCH RESPECT AND ATTENTION. I REMEMBER HER FROM MY CHILDHOOD IN WILMETTE. Her work is absolutely breathtaking. Best of luck gentlemen and if you are looking for production help, check us out at Scotchworthy Productions. We're based out of Chicago too. Congratulations and good luck with your film! Here's ours: <url>"should" do with the prints! Everyone has the best idea right? Your professionalism is shining through. I hope Vivian's work inspires us all - and you are rewarded for all the hard work.) I've returned to the VM blog almost daily, looking for updates, since discovering her a few months ago. I didn't know about this project until a few minutes ago, glad to be part of it now. Good luck with the work ahead of you! It is an overwhelming experience to discover such a briliant photographer as Vivian Maier. Couldn't understand, how she could be undiscovered still now. A big thx to John and Anthony!!! You're great! Keep on! I am so thrilled that I found out about this project tonight due to a friend posting a link to the blog on Facebook. That led me here, and I am very proud to support the film. Such an amazing and inspirational story. Can't wait for both the book and documentary; it's going to be awesome! :) Would love to see an exhibition of her work here in London! An amazing discovery and amazing luck that it all should have fallen in the hands of someone who would recognize the immense value of what has been found and invest time and resources to make it all available to a larger audience. Thanks a million guys waiting for my DVD and book. Hey you guys, great work. I am not surprised that so many photo lovers want to take part in this effort. You got a great story on your hands, told through words AND pictures. What a gift! Keep up the good work and keep in touch, Marjorie I, too, would like the option to back this project for the book only. How about it? $75? So pleased a friend forwarded her story to me, and so look forward to your efforts to bring her work to life. Having worked as a nanny and being a photographer ( <url>– when realizing what treasure he had just stumbled upon. I can't wait to learn more about the life of this talented woman. The sadness that goes with her story makes her pictures seem even more dramatic. I am looking forward to watching the film in my theater and I will be making the journey to Hamburg to see the streets and the people of Chicago through Vivian's eyes. Best wishes to the production team from Germany Amazing !!! what a discovery....I would love to see more! I wish you the best and hope we can see the film soon. This is so exciting! What a great project! What a fine artist! A fantastic street photographer and an great story. Look forward to enjoy her great photographs Vivian's pictures are wonderful. They often catch very emotional moments. Emotions she probably didn't express otherwise so often. The commercial value of this photographic treasure is huge. It will be very sad if her work is cannibalized into pieces and spread all over the world. Others with similar talent got their own museums. At least a virtual museum presenting her complete oevre on the Net would be fantastic. Best wished for Toneloof from Old Europe. Looks like Vivian changed your life ;) HansMuc. What did HE say last night: WE DO BIG THINGS ... So let's get it on that way ... I found Vivian Maier today. Regards from germany steffen b. I heard the story on the web and thought it was interesting and then... I saw the images on youtube (again and again) and.... I stayed speechless! It is hard to believe that there is no book yet! I am not a rich man but I had to do something.I am so happy I can participate to this! Congratulations for your effort and work good luck !! Seb from snowy Switzerland. Hi, what scanner are you using to post her pictures online? any more spools availbe for another backer? simply amazing! plenty of success with the project! I really wish there was a backer option for people who wanted to buy the book but not the movie. I'd much rather have a book of her work than watch a movie. In a world of digital cameras and the opportunity of looking at our photos and making sure they are what we want to be seen before we print , THIS is truly an art. Her eye for architecture and people,places etc. is amazing. This is the type of photography I am so attracted to and I didn't know there was a name for it! Street Photography. I would LOVE to put these types of pictures in my salon. They capture so much of a time and place I'll never get to see. What a remarkable find and you are such a person to have found this and launched her name into this world. This is the wheel and she got off the end of the line to make room for you. AWESOME! Art prints would be great, I would definitely be interested! Any interest/possiblity in having art prints (not posters) made of a select number of images? BELLISSIME! They are wonderful. I am without words, and I agree that yours is a great initiative. Never mind titles - I suppose they haven't any and giving a title may be a prevail, but it is right to add places and dates (if it's thinkable). Thanks, really!!! (forgive my bad English, please) This is a great initiative, but I agree that Maier's work should be donated to a museum and preserved. This story is making news around the world as many begin to realise the significance of your find. MoMA has declined, you say, & that's a shame ... but there must be other archives that would want these images? btw, as lovely as www.vivianmaier.com is, please could you add titles & dates to the images that you post. Thanks! Good luck, Guys! I've been a fan of Vivian since I discovered John's blog almost a year ago and have been following the story closely. I'm happy to finally be able to offer some financial backing. I'm also helping spread the word: <url>—Miserere Editor-in-Chief EnticingTheLight.com I commend you for having the foresight, perceptive and discerning eye to know exceptional documentary photography. To say that Ms. Maier’s work moved me, would be an understatement. I just contributed to your fund raising efforts and wish you the best of luck. Ms. Maier’s photography speaks volumes about her hidden talent which, until now, was unheard of. I cannot wait to receive the book! Regards, Dorothy Blum Cooper <url>"one Kodachrome roll, too late unfortunately" ... So, at least one film will be saved in its unprocessed state, as Vivian left them... what an awesome project! and what amazing images! can't wait to see the finished documentary! cheers, mark --- <url>"Due Diligence" at the start. Also I worry that you are storing so much of the archive at home in your attic - while it was unknown that might have been OK. Now that the story has gone viral, and the potential monetary worth (although so much less important than the historical and archival value) makes it worth targetting by burglars. I hope your security is beefed up and secure. I'd seriously consider moving the bulk of it into secure museum or cultural centre storage, and only keeping what you are currently working on in your scanning area. Either that or moving everything to a secure storage site and doing your scanning work there!! But it's so great that this is obviously personally important and inspirational for you. I hope you continue to pursue your own photography! Best wishes Eric I hope none of those unprocessed rolls are Kodachrome... they just stopped developing that type film a few days ago. What an amazing story! The emotional, technical, and compositional qualities of Vivian Maier's work is stunning. As a middle school photography teacher, I am so excited to share this story, your blog, and her work with my students. Thanks for the vision to recognize that you had something special there and the amazing job you seem to be doing with what must be a pretty overwhelming task. I hope to make it to Chicago for the show. I was wondering if there are any posters of her pictures available to buy, i tried googling it but turned out nothing. Anyways congratulations on the discovery, absolutely entrancing photographs. I have the same comment/question as Daniel (below): I'd like to support this project. Will any more of Vivian Maier's actual film spools be made available before the project is funded in March? Her photos are absolutely amazing! Thank you for discovering her works and taking the time and care to scan and share them with the world! What an amazing project. I'd love to support you guys, would you send product to Australia if i pledge $125. I'd like to support this project. Will any more of Vivian Maier's actual film spools be made available before the project is funded in March? i came across this project, and am blown away. i studied art history all my life, and these photographs are sure to change the curriculum. i cannot WAIT until this film comes out! thank you for shedding light on this woman and her breathtaking images! i am so psyched to see the funding go over your needed amount. I can't wait to see the film and i hope you can use some of the funds to hire someone tom help scan the negatives for you and develop all those rolls! I wish you both lots of success with this. I have shared this project with more people than I have ever shared anything with on the internet! The quality and subject of the photos really hit me, street photography has always seemed to me the truest form of photography so to find a whole new photographer in this (almost extinct) genre is a very unique experience! Vivian's work reminds me in some ways as that of Roy DeCarava - so glad you're giving her photography the exposure it deserves. Amazing and Inspiring. I'm glad I could play a small role. From what I have read and seen, this looks like one hell of a life changing adventure. Keep up the good work! PS. Loving the RolleiFlex - what a lovely piece of kit. I was directed here by a member of an online VW forum, and am glad I took the time to look through her work. She had incredible talent for capturing emotion in a picture, and comes across as very interesting woman. I can't wait for the film! toneloof.....Please an invite to the opening. We are just in town from LA thru Friday. Leaving Sat am and would so love to see this first exhibit at the cultural center. <email> As a fellow photographer, I have to say that what you guys are doing here is truly important. Vivians' work is amazing, and I am honored to be able to help in a small way. Keep up the hard work, and I look forward to the premier. Cheers! a friend has directed me to this project, Im amazed and inspired, cant wait to see the film, good luck and well done xxxxx I just found this project at random and watched the Chicago Tonight clip. All I can say is ... Holy Crap !!! As someone who just got my first real camera this Christmas, I found her story moving and very inspirational. If I could have, I would have pledged more. The world needs to see Vivian's work. I am so happy you reached your goal. When I first read about this amazing find, it really made me think about how important it is to have a tangible legacy to leave behind. In this digital world, this is such a great lesson for all of us. Thank you! Awesome! You guys are doing a great job. Can't wait to see what you come up with. What an exciting work and project!!! Congrats on hitting the target. Looking forward to great stuff from you guys as you delve further into the project! Congratulations! Am eager to hear more about your progress and your experience researching and archiving Vivian Maier's considerable stash of work. I have found her work that you have already shared mesmerizing. Thank you for devoting yourselves to this important project. All best to you for an inspired 2011! I am just blown away by these images, there is no question in my mind she is up there with the best photographers in the world, and by all the interest, it should be beyond doubt now! Will you keep posting pictures to your blog? I am dying to see more! I am also thrilled to be a backer, and cant wait for the book and dvd! Wishing you all the best, and congratulations, this has made me so excited, it is hard to describe... John, congratulations are nearing the minimum needed for your pledge drive. What a great way to wind down 2010. Good luck with continuing pledge support in 2011. This project has absolutely moved me. I'm happy to help out in what little way I could. What a find, You guys are doing a great job! Good Luck! Will there be any way to buy prints? This is stellar. I've been following the progress of this project for a while now. I love street photography, and Vivian's photographs are amazing, despite never having been hailed as an artist. I am super jealous and supportive of the work you're doing here. If/when you do decide to sell prints of her work, let me know. The shot of the woman and the 56 Chevy is a print i would love to own. I just came across this blog shared with me from a photographer friend on FB and what a discovery. I've recently been exploring street photography themes and wanting to get into it myself and so this was a revelation. I sent the link to many others, including a film critic and some fellow press associations. Hopefully the news will continue to spread and be followed. What an extraordinary find. I'll be sure to pledge some support to this after the holidays are paid off.....I want to make sure this goes forward. Congrats on such creative tribute and an inspiration. I want to know more. What a beautiful discovery. Such haunting photographs. Such a tragedy that she herself only saw most of these photos through the lens of her camera. Thanks for saving them for us all to see what she saw. What a pity they weren't found 10 years ago and she could have enjoyed fame and fortune in her final days. Yet, maybe she would have wanted it this way instead. Anyway, Bravo! Can't wait for the film. Congratulations guys, it appears you will reach full funding well before your goal date! Nice smiles in your profile pic by the way, appropriately cheerful ;) Fascinating story. Best thing about keeping the remaining images and negatives together is that it will be easy for a lawyer to lock it all away during an intellectual property case. On Flickr Toneloof said he developed the first 100 rolls incorrectly. I hope the amateur curator doesn't overshadow the amateur photographer. Love, love, love this story! Already sending it around to others that will be interested. we're supporting you from Australia & spreading the word.....exciting stuff!!!! Well done you two!!!! Also a first-time backer...John, I blog about playgrounds (including their history) at playgrounddesigns.blogspot.com and came here via the posting of the spiral slide on your own blog. Did Vivian take many photographs of playgrounds? They would be a study in themselves. Best wishes on the project! This is also my first time backing anything. What i've seen so far has been so compelling and inspirational that i can't help it. All the best! This is a really compelling story and even more compelling photographs. I was fortunate enough to participate in a film project about the late great film actor John Cazale, which also had little information except for the wealth of wonderful work he left behind. Yours reminds me of this. I'd love to get you a copy of that film. If you're interested, please contact me at www.firesideeditor.com. Good luck! @Toneloof: This is an intriguing project! In a world where little it seems is left to be discovered, you have found something that will take years to unravel. I'm so jealous of the mystery...I hope you can develop what's left as slowly as possible to make at last a long as you can. (P.S. Also, props to you for not selling negatives to fund projects, would be very premature). Best of luck in this endeavor! I can understand why you wouldn't want to sell any negatives, but why not sell prints? I don't think I understand this. The person who owns 95% of Maier's negatives wants to make a documentary which will, among other things, increase awareness of the photographer's work and thus increase the worth of the negatives. And he wants others to pay for it. Why not just sell some of the negatives? What am I missing? I remember stumbling on your blog over a year ago, and passing the link around to my various groups of friends. More than being able to help fund this project, I'm thrilled to have been reminded of Vivian's work and revisit the website. I really wish that more could be known about the photographer and the subjects that appear in the images. This woman was an amazing photographer to judge by the images on the blog. What is being done with any profits sale of prints, etc? I'd like to think that there's maybe a photography class for city kids that might benefit from some of the proceeds... Also, any chance of buying prints? Good luck John, great effort! Just watched the short piece about Vivian and you on pbs Ch 11 Chicago Tonight. I was captivated & amazed by her photos and also by your story of "discovery" and ongoing efforts to catalog and share them with the world. Looking forward to attending the upcoming CCC exhibit and helping spread-the-word about your project and fund-raising efforts. More to follow... I'm also thrilled to pitch in to this project. I've been following the blog for months and I'm glad to see this deserved public interest in Vivian's work--her images are amazing--there's something about them. You can't look away. I can't stop being fascinated by unprocessed films. Do they just pop-up from a found camera in grand-grand-parents attic, they are wonderfull. Found on a flea market. Nice. They are signs of the past... just the way there would be signs from outside of our galaxy... Garry Winogrand left about 2500 unprocessed roll-films when he died... but we all know him... Vivian Maier left only about 600... but who knew her? Why did each of them keep so many unprocessed films? Is it an accident? Or do we have to find some intention behind that? And what is a photograph? Is it what you print, one day? Is it already what you shot, one day, and kept as a negative in a tray? Or can it be just what an artist has seen and designed as a future photography? ... maybe nobody will mind about these... but he (or she), as an artist will live of these more than perfect pictures... So... please keep at least one vivian maier's roll film undevelopped... For her memory... Wow! This is my first time backing a project, and I'm THRILLED to see so much progress in one day. I came across an article about Ms. Maier & John Maloof in a waiting room today. The photos that accompanied the article were GRIPPING.