Another fraud case on KS. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. 2012 was a crazy time Is there a way to get my money back the game flopped or is there a way to contact the owner of the game and Buy the Rights off them maybe i can fix it. Refund would be nice. Still no Linux Version, so they took my Money and did not deliver the Product as promised. This is plain theft, and this have to handled by Kickstarter so we get our Money back and the developer suspended by Kickstarter. Where is the Linux Version of the Game that i gave my Money to? UKSHADOW - I suspect that for you like the rest of us it is a case of "wish in one hand and spit in the other and see which one gets wet first" They are a bunch of lying scammers who continually produced bits and pieces to give the illusion of progress. After they lied about ever releasing the keys on Steam (they didn't) they disappeared. Months later, they relaunched a funding drive on Facebook but fortunately some one who had been burned got the word out before too many folks bought in. As I believe they are China based, even though they aren't all physically there suing them may bring a judgment but no actual results. Hate to say it but I believe we are flat out of luck, and they are a lot more wealthy because we all bought in to the promises. JJ I have yet to see any developments or even get any of the promised rewards I paid for. It has already been 2 years of almost complete silence. I want a reimbursement since it is obvious you are not planning on delivering. <url>"Strategy" is a really silly thing to add to the end of the title. @Orthas, it's a pre-release price. I think it's unfortunate that the price is below that of the backers, but they need the money to complete the game, so I'm willing to cut them some slack on it. I'd rather get something rather than nothing. But, they should still launch at something more than $20 even if they have to lower the price soon after. Just because it would be a bit of a slap in the face if people buying the release version pay the same or less than the people that backed in the first place. Interesting pricing on Steam considering that 15 dollars was supposed to be half launch price. Now it's selling for 10 Euros. @Brian, why would I care what you think about my intelligence? You can't even come up with a cogent response other than a pair of ad hominem attacks. And BTW, they could have declared bankruptcy and been freed of any further obligation, that's what bankruptcy protection is for. They made a gamble that didn't go well and they have the legal right to file for bankruptcy. Take your trollish ignorance elsewhere. It's neither necessary nor helpful. To be perfectly frank, I thought this went under awhile back, surprised it was even posted on steam. Then to think about the money I put into it, meh you win some and loose some. In this case it was a loss. Guys, look out, @Thomas thinks he knows what he's talking about. @Thomas, it's not useful. It's the truth. Do you have your key? Stop blindly defending these idiots while they lazily get their scam together. You know this is available to buy, right? Your points have no validity and your intelligence is seriously in question. @Brian, how is that even remotely useful? The easiest thing for them would have been to just give up completely and declare bankruptcy. Nobody would have gotten anything and it would have been a lot easier. I think more likely, this is the result of them not having any money in the budget for PR. @Stephen, they didn't forget. They were hoping we wouldn't notice so they wouldn't have to give us the game at all. If some of us hadn't noticed it was on sale on Steam, they never would have said anything. These "delays" are because they didn't even think they would have to start the process. I just feel bad for anyone who pledged for more than the game, as they will never be getting their physical rewards. Shameful. So any reason why you didn't have this organised well in advance before launch, ready to issue these out simultaneously to your actual backers, pray tell? Not only would there not be nearly as many negative comments on the steam forum, but this would have worked in conjunction in your favour as the 3.5k~ or so backers here would have had the potential to leave good reviews and talk it up, sharing with word of mouth etc. Now you've just pissed everyone off and shot yourself in the foot. Of all my backed projects I've never encountered a delay such as this I must say... Kind of bafflingly unfathomable how you could have forgotten about us and key distribution before you decided to launch honestly. Still no update on Steam keys for Kickstarter backers? I do think they should have announced this before doing it, even if just a few hours before hand. We should all be getting keys, and that's probably going to be a manual process, but having a statement about that when the game went on sale would have been a good idea. How will we go about reclaiming/redeeming our keys? Will you have some kind of backerkit site for us to go to? I think it's ridiculous that these guys released the game on Steam before sending out our keys. I guess they need more money to whiz down their leg. Meanwhile, the people who actually funded the game are wondering what's up with our physical rewards and the Mac/Linux version. Way to go get more money to waste guys! So what the hell is the deal with the blackout in communication? This is up on steam.. Hello? keys? An Update at the very least..? You guys still there or..? An update would be nice. Releasing the game to Steam without so much an update is kind of rude. Soooo, can you explain if Forsaken Fortress Strategy is the fixed and complete version of Forsaken Fortress that we all backed or is it an attempt to get us to pay for a new game? It is wonderful to see that this game is coming along swimmingly! Great job on the recovery guys! Hi I was just curious what the plan was for physical rewards? I backed this project at $250 so I hope there is still a plan in place for the rewards :) I'm really happy to see your still working on this, I still think this could be a great game. Keep the good work up. Love the update. Need to be able to change the sound files. One more "Huh?" and I 'd be ready to shoot my teammate! 8) JJ What's happening with the game not much updates so wondering if the game has died. Hope not. We're can I get the download for these new updates? I agree with Huw Thomas, and while minds have been changed, I will admit that Photon has stepped up to the plate in a huge way - they admitted they screwed up, and also admitted to tearing the entire thing down to begin again from scratch. As far as the last update goes, I think the graphics look decent, and the latest update seems nice. For future reference I think you should be wary about agreeing refunds; if there's a pot of refund money (not that I believe there is!) then you should ensure that everyone is treated as fairly as possible. In fact I believe that since development is ongoing, any resources should go to fund that rather than for refunds. You are clearly taking "other actions to satisfy backers" (as called for by Kickstarter) in good faith and I believe you have been transparent about the problems that arose, including in the Risks and Challenges section of the original pitch. Best of luck! I'm still very excited for this game. Please keep up the good work! Me too. I keep seeing the artwork pop up on social media sites; folks are ripping it and using it for their own. Is that original artwork? hoping this game is still happening. That's awesome. So glad to hear that! Best of luck. Nevermind. I answered my own query and read the last update. Keep my money and keep building your dream. Good luck guys. Photon: will it be sticking to the original concept (isometric base building) or is it this new FPS/3D style you guys released in the "demo"? If it is still working in the original intended former, then by all means please keep the money i pledged. If it is not, then it is not the game I originally backed and would appreciate a refund. Thank you very much for offering! Either way, I do wish you all the best in your endeavors. I will def. still buy this when it is further in development as I believe the devs really do have a strong passion and desire to make this great. I wish Photon all the luck in the world! There are now other, more in-depth games akin to this one. Since you are unable to fulfill your obligations, I request a refund of my pledge. You are obligated to do this according to the Kickstarter rules and regulations. Thanks! Nope So it's official? This project can be considered a scam? @Rob, I don't give money to software KS any more. I just got burned too many times. The worst was where they promised an Android version of their app in addition to the iOS version. The iOS version was a huge success, but they've apparently decided not to do an Android version at all leaving some of us with nothing at all. Even though they ought to have more than enough money to cover the development cost. At least in this case the developer does seem to be trying rather than sitting on bags of cash and laughing maniacally. Glad to hear you are back up and running i have alot of hopes for this game.If it is as good as i hope i am happy to wait. I hope that they continue and produce a game that is worth the wait. Sadly, my experience with this KS and also Legends of Dawn has pretty much stopped me giving money to subsequent campaigns. It becomes more difficult to believe people's promises when you have been badly let down in the past. They're back in production! At least they're trying; One of the projects I backed didn't give us a real update in months until one of the other backers filed a complaint with KS, and they ended up contacting him. 4th game of which I have suppuorted, where they end up screwing us over. Fuck KS and fuck you Photon. Not sure an apology is in order just because there's a lack of malicious intent. These guys still blew $121k of other people's money and delivered next-to-nothing to show for it. Not only would I like a refund, but I'd like these characters to be sued, and I'm happy to participate in that. Open Sourcing the game might actually work out quite well. With a base to work on, I would love to see where the communities creativity might take the game. I have gotten a refund and I must say I owe them an apology. I understand now, there is no maliciousness in anything that has happened. I believe, if they had the power to, they would either A) deliver the full game or B) refund all the pledges but, in the mean time, I'm sure they will do what they can. I wish them good luck, because I still look forward to a game like FF and hope they manage to get back in a position to deliver a wonderful game to us. Anyone pursuing litigation here? At 120k seems like a worthwhile endeavor. Be honest with us. If it failed and you put a stop to the project just tell us. Keeping quiet is not helping anyone. Open source it or whatever. Time to open source what you got and negotiating refunds.... anny news? "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." They were going to make the game EVEN if not funded, but they stopped making it when they WERE funded!!! WTF! More reason to hate the people behind this. They are full on liars. Here is an answer given by a team member. "h the game if it is not successfully funded? Haoran: We have been working on this game for quite sometime and we have put a lot of effort on the concept, game mechanics, coding and other stuff. We will make this game no matter what since we had belief in it. And of course the reality is, if we are not funded, the production quality and duration will be influenced. But we will try our best." Dawn, that's LOVELY you don't mind if it failed, or that you lost 500$. You probably wouldn't mind if they backed their car over your family, but some of us DO MIND. Some of us don't appreciate this team either squandering the good faith (because only a fool would ever give these people money again to do anything) and a bunch of cash or lying and just pocketing the rest. If they have all this (unused) content, then they should release it to us. It is the LEAST they can do. So this has failed and our money flushed down the toilet? The download link I got has no file to download ;) It has been almost four months since an update. Any signs of turn-a-round? Well, Pegasus, i spent 500$ on that one. I don't mind if it failed, but like you said the consequences is that i will never ever put that kind of money again on a KS. Since this, i swear to myself to never put more than 100$ in a KS (even that i find it being too much but some project like Kingdom Come deserves it). The very least you should release all material you have as a download to your backers. You spent a good chunk on motion capture? Is it just sitting on your hard drive (or is it real?) then release it to us, your backers who are out 120 k that you spent however you spent it. At least give us the remains. Maybe someone can actually make something cool out of what remains. Or give us a refund. Yes, It could be nice to have another progress report, at last. failed is failed, while I feel for people in regards of trying something new , it's best to do your research first. I was surprised/skeptical that they could do this for 100k, then too change midway on concept of design etc is just armature. When they did this , I knew this project was doomed. While it was a cool concept, it changed from the pitch. To put it another way PP, if you where to do this exact same change out with a real publication, they would pull the monthly funding and sue you for the rest. For me at this point, I see it as you went with a premises that would sell well and would love to make. The downfall was , you got money, you got a place and now you went back to "re-designing" after production already started. The biggest no no in any business. While things can come out and there may be work around, a good amount of your time was wasted on a concept that should have never happened. Thou I blame this on the no experience and no real world coding experience as well. For me at least, it seems you have the basic fundamentals and thought "hey I can do that , I modded all this shit" and ended up finding out that when you have to actually code from scratch and troubleshoot all the issues, it's a bigger burden then you knew. So you come around with this other idea, "Hey we can use this pre-made modal from this guy for only X amount of investment dollars I can modify it" and went along another rout "The easier one" hoping too save time and money. Turns out , the base of pledgers didn't like the change too what they pledged for, an RTS with base building survival , not a behind the shoulder real time shooter. I think when it comes right down to it, you made a demo that (as most demos) was a concept that worked for that little perfectly aligned demonstration but when the actual implementations had to be done, you where lost at how to do it. You even admit to the over-bearing path-finding. Well as a coder for 30+ years, that is the #1 feature of any game made, it's in my eyes at least the base math of all games be it flat,scroll,2d,3d or whatever. Point to it all, you gave it a shot, hell you have 30 bucks from me, not going to break me, but sadly in the I.T. world we remember names. I hope this one doesn't come back to haunt you, but I hate to say this "there was no true thought into development of this concept beyond the games design" you needed a team manager but probably seen such a thing as your position when you had no management experience at all. You forget that there are people that spent much more than 15 bucks... and many who did (spend much more) will likely not be so willing to spend the same kind of money again after getting nothing for it. I love seeing all the apologists, but there are consequences when you f up. i think when its a game production and we (or atleast i) only spent 15 bucks ... its fine, even if they dont finish, thats the price you pay for backing works-in-progress, they dont always finish. i am happy to back other proejcts even if this one failed ... but i would not feel that way if it was a 3d printer or some substantially expensive 'hardware', but a game ? ahh c'mon, they tried! they spent their time and loads of money on coders ... it just didnt work out! too bad for them and for us, that was our pledge... deal with it guys. So, this is dead, then? No offense, but alpha was programmed as a subcontract in China and even there you have to pay. I find it hard to believe they have no money. If that was true, they would be homeless. They took our money and have a responsibility. Now, unlike many backers, I am patient and am willing to wait, but I won't accept the alpha version they gave us as the "final product". If they will continue to work on the game, I can be patient and wait, if not, they can slowly start paying people back. @Pegasus If they have no money to give back, that will prove terribly difficult. I'm hoping for either a completed game (many have finished, despite similar setbacks) or a refund. Now, I don't want a refund if there is a chance you'll finish, but if you aren't even working on it, you owe refunds. oh, i was wrong. it wasnt in your emails, it was in "update 45" on this page. ist for backers only, so i cant write down the link to the download here. go to "update 45" Hi Karl, The guy behind it is out of money. you have a downloadlink to an very early alpha in your emails some months ago... The forum page isnt open anymore without register/login, even as a guest... they dont update steam-page or this place. no update after april. guess no full release within next 100 years Hi I know I have only pledged for the full version upon release any timeframe for this yet months / years? @Photon thanks, hopefully when the tutorial comes out that will be more clear, because as it is the tech tree to get that isn't very clear. I finally tried the game and I have to say that it has so much potential that I'd really love to see it finished properly. I hope you guys can make it work because as unfinished as it is, it's still a lot better than some of the games out there :) Hi, is there a way to delete saves? Save slot one and two are not saving anymore, kinda worried it might happen to the other two slots... If you want to use the community to help you work on the game, you should plan that out and act right now. Right now you have a little bit of momentum, so best use it, in 2 weeks nobody cares anymore. Nevermind, found the update. And, where to download 1.03 patch ? I read about a "download" (where ?) in one post, and in another a mod ask to contact (email) for the download link.. Also, is there a manual available ? In case, where to send the crash dump ? Dialogues ? So far, seem that part is lacking. Out of the basics operations, they are entry but no content at all. Guess it is up to you as to what this game will become (and damn, a roadmap is quite usefull as to production, as to add features, check how they work over a stable release, but never make while on the "basic feature addin" part to change and even less, add content. On that side, yes, community can be quite an asset, providing conditions (editor, rights (as to sharing) etc. Then, a good example is over TES Game, where quite a lot is added by users over external programs (Script Extender > OpenMW). TBS. So far I like the game, but is it possible to make iron? I've done all the research and built nearly every structure and I still can't turn my iron ore into something usable. I can occasionally get some iron by recycling, but that's hit or miss with no indication given about how much I'll get from dismantling things. Just curious.... Getting a miniature made can be quite expensive. Did you get cost estimates before you offered these as a reward? ok you need more money, how much money do you need? and put online again in kickstarter or do the after reset. make a web and put upgrades to sell. dlc. expansion. ok i buy and expansion or dlc who give the option to pause the game. for example. early access in steam its an option. dont give up. You should go open source with your game since its unfinished due to lack of funds anyway, set up a github: <url>"Nooooooooooooooo" - Darth Vader this is not the game i backed <url>"state of game" post from the developers. This would cover at a minimum 1) Current features 2) Feature still to be implemented 3) Major known bugs to be squashed 4) Best estimate of next beta 5) Best guess of new release date (and if you really don't know, I'd prefer you to be honest and tell me) Can we get an update like this? @Photon Productions: Which means new update soon? Can people try to be just a bit more optimistic? Guys, don't think all your backers feel this way, because we dont. Most of us are just patiently waiting for you guys to get the game fixed up. Most of us have more than enough to occupy our time with. Is it time we all give up on this and label it a bogus KS? Is it time we all give up on this and label it a bogus KS? What happened to the game in the videos and screenshots I want that game. The game looks nothing like it. No need of whining for me this game is unplayable. the controls are a nightmare. why do i have to hold the middel mouse button down in 1st person to look around?, impossible to fight Have no idea how i get out of 1st person. The game does not feel like the game in the kickstarter video So... this game is made in china? welp, bout time I direct my attention elsewhere.... Uh, 95% of development taking place in China? You indicate your company is in NY. I don't think many of us were expecting that but I had a feeling when I initially looked at this project. From the feedback I'm seeing already, this is not a good sign. And with most of the development in China, (not People from China in New York), wow, that kind of outsourcing...well I've seen it backfire before. For graphics to be "years behind" the KS prototype doesn't look good. It is indeed a very poor build, poor graphics, full of glitches, bugs and unfinished features. The KS campaign prototype was years beyond what I am seeing now. Extremely disappointing and unprofessional. I have to say that I was expecting so much from you Photon, you ditched the original graphics and got these lackluster dayz ugly as hell ones. I still go back and look at the original concept of the game and think just how exited I was for it then, and how disappointed I am now! Everything you have put out so far just shows how much lack of experience you have. I still hope you can make something good, but I will not hold my breath! Son I am disappointed! Nuff said! thats not true, mediafire doesnt have a limit like that, not even yandisk some russian one is that bad. what are you talking about? Rapidshare isn't any sketchier than most download sites that have free downloads. They probably weren't aware the limit for free downloads is around 1GB since they have an account and don't see the limits. There aren't many sites that offer free downloads that don't have some limit or drawback these days. I decided to pay for a "premium" acct on Rapidshare so I could host the file for everyone else without paying the hostage fee, but Rapidshare is awful and I have been waiting 2 hours with more than an hour left for a 1.2Gb file that I could normally download in 3 minutes. I am very unhappy with this whole debacle. So... why not upload this small file to the many free vendors out there? what is the meaning of this? why must we wait 2 days? 3,535 Backers $121,096 pledged of $100,000 goal "seems like a shakedown." <--------------------- : / That is a sketchy upload. It requires people to upgrade to a paid account which then gives Photon five Euros per person that upgrades. I know you said you are going to add two links in a few days but that seems like a shakedown. D: ETA? yay :D i will wait hehehehehehehehehehe beta today? :D any ETA on release nao? :D its been 2 days! :D I was never given access to the beta despite being eligible for it. oh pls early release pls and i hope we can crouch now :D hope the next build allows crouching and maybe zombies or vehicles. and i hope u guys consider adding infection system for illness... oh well... do you know when the surveys will go out for rewards? do we have a status on the linux version at all? :( Im not in the beta, so wanted to know how far along things are right now since we are into january 2014 Hi, when I try to install the game on a different driver than C:\ the setup try to extract the entire game fine into the \AppData\Roaming\Photon Productions\Forsaken Fortress Beta 2.13114\install\1692CFA and quickly I get a message from windows saying no enouth space, warning, blablabla. Can I bypath the setup and extract properly the files and how ? Please add crouching for players, with some kind of accuracy bonus or lesser recoil effect added for crouching.. why can NPCs crouch but players cant? Hi folks, while I've backed and looking forward to to play "Forsaken Fortress", I've discoverd an new Kickstarter-Campaign from Guido Henklel. He was the producer of "Planescape: Torment" and designed the "Realms of Arkanie"-Series (Das Schwarze Auge), "Deathfire: Ruins of Nethermore" will be a single-player party-based fantasy role-playing game that will combine deep characters and solid storytelling with turn-based combat. It would be nice if many could support the game on Kickstarter: <url>"Wizardry", "Realms of Arcadia", "Might & Magic" or "Dungeon Master". Please look and support if you are interessted. Lighty It is a progress, but beta is still unplayable. Enemies are too tought, my base was stormed by 40+ human enemies and i didnt have a chance. Even the smallest outpost are impossible to capture and aiming system is really painful. I hope next beta will come soon and introduce better gameplay, but it still is a big progress! More Feedback: -Enemy are too good, while player accuracy sucks really bad. -Please add back vehicles :O -Please add back zombies -Please make stealth more important, add night vision goggles, make NPCs miss bad at night without flashlights, etc. -Zombies please!! I want the npcs to live in fear too. right now they are tough !!!!! too tough!! -Vehicles with guns!!! Ok thanks! Nice job keep it up! Is this going to be released on steam? will I be able to pick a steam key for reward if it does? FeedBack On Alpha V2 so far: -PLEASE! Add crouch and prone! I would like to be able to crouch behind cover like my NPC team or the enemy, I'd LOVE prone so we can crawl in the dirt, its more realistic and would make it way harder for us to get hit. So far I LOVE the way the combat feels, BUUUT it needs more work! The way we sight targets is difficult and its mostly just spray and pray unless we get the sniper rifle. But still, I am hoping we can also issue attack orders for our own character eventually so we dont have to keep holding down spacebar. Otherwise yeah. Needs work but it feels fun. -Please fix the way we hold weapons, it looks really weird! -Please allow more commands for equipping weapons, or even hotkeys or mousewheel up and down, etc. Its annoying to hit shift + > or < etc. -Please add melee weapons! :D -Didnt try vehicles yet because I cant find any, will reply again when I find one. -Didnt find zombies yet so I cant reply -I like the wild life and the crazy bears, hoping for more enemy wild life, and birds, etc. -Add Fishing plase :D -Let us scavenge car parts and build our own cars in garage buildings? I'd like to have mechanic npcs. -Let us hire npcs to walk around our base and do jobs like guarding, repairing, research - Improve the UI further, right now its kinda missing icons for stuff and I'd like some tooltips for explinations. Overall its much better than the V1. I will report back with more feedback once I discover everything, its so deadly now the npcs keep killing me and I cant crouch for cover. Which is big. I'd also like there to be a freemode or the ability to turn off that pop up when our base falls. So we can just explore or rebuild cuz I lost my last base, but then killed everyone inside and took it back... it kept popping up "You have lost your last base" on and on!! Installer does not work very well, I got it to work by changing the default installation folder name to anything but \Forsaken Fortress Beta\ without \Photon Productions\ not sure whats causing it to hang but i did finnally manage to get it to install, the progress bar during install didnt work tho. so, the messages are being sent now, or have already been sent? beta soon >:D beta soon? So could we see a non-beta release in January 2014 maybe? I didn't pay for beta.. so I'm interested to see how things are progressing towards a release.. Understandable if that first release isn't exactly a fully completed release.. Hi guys, any word on the beta? Has it started yet? And when is the final release of the game? Thanks. oh and finally before anyone says anything, I know it's not a squad base system (yet) if you really dig, you would see the so close similarities, in anycase sorry to flood the thread here, just comes to show people are really looking for a game like this. oh and I re-read my wording Ops! trying to say people are complaining about allot in that other game and everything on their list to the most part is what your game has.,, IE how do we feed ourselves if all the animal life is corrupted. (guess they didn't think about that one yet) and the list goes on. I even recommend this title, (instantly deleted the post in 2min) on how also their title was a total rip of this one but suckier haha, No I don't try to be mean, but man when you rip a concept from someone, at least do it with a different direction or engine or something! it' really looks just like yours but the bare bones. deadlinger a total rip off of your game on steam atm, go fig. Funny thing is, everything everyone is complaining about your game already has lol. Hope more learn about it, well at least if you release in steam it should go well if released soon enough :) Can't wait guys! is october the alpha, beta or full game? sorry haven't been payin attention and I've probably asked this b4. Great job on the newest update 40, looking good! cant wait to see them zombies!! a typpo: Not a request** a very unfortunate typpo One think I would like to know, I wonder how many different vehicles will be available to us? Will we see Jeeps, Humvee, army trucks or even BMP? This is now a request, but depending on a loot system i would love to take a big army truck on a hunt and load it with various and heavy loot. Or to be really save and have some armoured vehicle. To balance the game, it would require lots of fuel and service, so you could not take it out every day. Everyone! check this out too! man this is so crazy, this game looks like Photon productions mock up version! <url>#ixzz2d4SyeBJV And if course it'd be nice if you could add some simple zombie yelling in the next build, maybe bump up their numbers. And I'd love more NPCs to hire. Maybe random NPCs that spawn to have larger squads. I'd also LOVE a squad control interface. Wells thats all for my suggestions. I'll test it more, thanks for the release. Oh wow, these guys did the same exact thing: <url>"If they don't see me, and I'm crouched, they won't know where to shoot me at." Just basic rudimentary stealth mechanics. If possible. I like the base engine so far, the potential is there and so I won't complain just state the obvious. Once the game is polished it can be a top contender for zombie survival sims so you should do well to broadcast your achievement when it's complete. Steam, GOG.com, Amazon.com, Ubuntu Software, Mac Store, Etc. I deeply hope you leave the research and invention stuff in there, like helicopters and such. Maybe resuce missions or delivery missions. This stuff can only improve the game ten fold. Imagine finding old war tech and getting maybe super soldiers or armor, out of it. Or maybe instead you uncover some crazy virus that makes super zombies appear, etc. Or starts infected people and turning them against you everywhere. Real crazy stuff like this may even let this game surpass Fallout... at least in terms of features. heheh. Something down the line to add are explosives.. like grenades. Feed Back On Beta Test 1: 1. Please fix the sitting animation for when in the cars, or vehicles. (It's stuck in standing animation, no sitting animation) 2. Please fix the animations for shooting with weapons, characters should be holding them straight, the weapons should look straight. Here is pictures of how some other games do it: <url>"Guys. First of all, thanks for all the comments. We are not going to make another game, we are trying to be as consistent to the original as possible. We made mistakes, a lot of them I am sure. Because to make an innovative project requires constant trying, failure and redo...Now we understand your points and we only include third person as an option during combat. The main gameplay will take place in top-down view. (click and go, same as original). From the progress so far, we have only managed to get the core system and resources done. We haven't been able to get into gameplay and balance so much. So it is not late for backers and devs to sit down and talk about the next step. The development of FF will take much longer than we thought. But in order to really polish the game, that extra time is needed. Helping us get rid of errors is much appretiated and we hope everyone is aiming at making the game better. PP" You can find it in the comments section of the Update 38 To be honest, I feel that if they are returning to the original concept they sold to us then this can only be a good thing I guess. I just wish they'd release something by now. They claim their release date is Oct 2013... I'd like to beta test something already.... I haven't received any information on the beta yet. Has it still not come out? Boy I sure can pick them. I've had some bad experiences with Kickstarter projects ranging from being a backer at a particular level and not getting what I was promised, to this. THIS being giving money to a project being pitched a certain way, then finding out that it changed into something that is totally different from the original idea. You'd think I'd learn. Don't pay for things until the job is finished. Wait for the release, see what the game looks like, read reviews, then decide if you're going to purchase the product. It's not like giving money before hand gets you the game faster. I'm only out a little bit, I really feel sorry for the poor saps that believed in this so much they donated more the normal $20-40 price of a game. Quote from the developers! Guys. First of all, thanks for all the comments. We are not going to make another game, we are trying to be as consistent to the original as possible. We made mistakes, a lot of them I am sure. Because to make an innovative project requires constant trying, failure and redo...Now we understand your points and we only include third person as an option during combat. The main gameplay will take place in top-down view. (click and go, same as original). From the progress so far, we have only managed to get the core system and resources done. We haven't been able to get into gameplay and balance so much. So it is not late for backers and devs to sit down and talk about the next step. The development of FF will take much longer than we thought. But in order to really polish the game, that extra time is needed. Helping us get rid of errors is much appretiated and we hope everyone is aiming at making the game better. PP This makes me happy :D WAIT BELAY THAT LAST POST! @Michael my answer is RIP old original Forsaken Fortress say hello to new pew pew fps Forsaken Fortress :P So did this just become another clone? beta today?????! :D Does any one remember Fallout tactics a great tactical rpg set in the fallout universe, Photon could learn a lot from that title and why tactical combat is millions of times better then pew-pew! ooo i gimme beta!!! cant ewait!! :D "It was delayed from mid July to mid August. We are going to release it in two days. We will write an instruction to the testers to guide them through the test. Note that this early beta is not fully open to the public - only to 25 + backers." it's been 2 days since this message :D soon beta! yes? :D BETA!! YES?! :D!!!!!! we must wait and see the beta friend! we must! it will come soon! we must! :D @Trock You don't understand they promised one thing and went back on it, that is treason! You can see im cynical and with just cause in this chase. They did not ask us, I don't care if they give us the best mod tools ever that's like them admitting they could not do the game they set out to make, even though we gave them extra money. In fact screw the money focus on the game did you back this? <url>"when developers intentionally flair up the imaginations of their consumers, or just leave them astray on purpose." If your like me and feel the changes to Forsaken Fortress are unjustified to say the least then please post of it here, on the forum <url>#at=48. Do not allow a game you where promised to die before it has a chance to live. @Roland this is not about making Rpg and shooter players happy, its about a company selling out its beliefs. lol ironically survival crisis z was top-down semi-squad based too LOL!! but yeah. I won't say anything until I get hands on the beta. :D! Please consider adding support for sickness and disease. I'd like to see my team mates get infected sometimes and have to be cured, put in cryo (with technology we scavenge) or... put down. It'd be a cool addition to the game, it's even in an old game like this: <url>"improve" the graphics, they were perfect. The characters, the base weapons and defenses, the terrain and monsters especially the character armors, when i saw the new trailers in more detail then I thought NOT DAY-Z! I talked Haoran into giving us a full low down on the changes but I will complain regardless, I want Forsaken Fortress 1.0, not 1.5 not 1.9, or 7.0. THE ORIGINAL IS ALWAYS BEST! I definitely don't mind having an option to change perspectives. It could actually be nice to be top down for management, then drop into third person for some immersion. Hopefully the original concept is still in there. I'll refrain from freaking out until we see that next update. I hope it's soon. Uhm.. when did the gameplay change? I thought those 3rd person/1st person sections were just an "option" for control if you wanted to get into the head of the character rather than what the default method of control is going to be...? Original pitch: "A special RPG in which you assemble your team, build and manage your base, collect resources, and survive in a post-apocalyptic world" Remember.. this is what we all backed based on.. a base building and management game where you go out and collect resources to survive etc.. not a DayZ Survival FPS game.. we have DayZ already for that.... I personally don't want another DayZ.. tell me this is all just a big misunderstanding, please? Wow, I remember that commercial. I've always preferred Pepsi though. This is more like the way coke changed the flavor in the 80's <url>"Forsaken Fortress" as you knew it is dead :P. @Trock Brass, I'm not going to lie to you mate, but that's just what they did they changed they key feature of the game, and the perfect graphics to day-z graphics MEH! Of course they did not ask us if we wanted this change. And when they announced it near the end of the kickstarter no one cared :P. Now Im asking my self if I just payed for a day-z clone with some home building :P If this does not pan out and the devs still want to deliver a postapocaliptic shooter "like there are not enough of Those" in stead of a rpg il just have to make my own then :(. Maybe if they released there tool set i could remake the game into what it was suppose to be originally, but that is hardly convenient. Hey, I didn't realize but what Voinescu Marius said... Is this game changed now? Did you change your original development vision from this: <url>#1: Is this still a tactical game? Will it still be tactical? #2: Could one eventually produce a large settlement, or even a somewhat self-sufficient fortress, given enough people? #3: Can we R&D different vehicle, weapon, armor, and defensive designs (I.E. Electrified fences to keep the zombie-things at bay)? @Haoran thanks a lot mate, could you be kind enough to log into skype. Id like to talk to you about the game, some SF, and other general matters plus we have not spoken in a long time Well quite honestly mate those changes what the game looked like in the beginning and what was presented recently are two very different things. The game jumped from being a tactical base defense rpg to a all out shooter. Its like what happened to fallout from a turn based tactical rpg to a shooter rpg. The old graphics where just perfect, in trying to do something good you blundered in my opinion. And why did you not reply to my mail :( I was waiting on a reply Hmmm, you're right. In recent news I hear that kickstarter is never sole backers. Usually these guys have private investors who pull the real strings from the get go of the project and may demand design changes that we kickstarter backers have no say about. The system really isn't about the user as much as it is about generating pre-sales. @Trock Im just being naturally concerned I mean the recent videos look nothing like the top down strategy rpg we expected, it looks like a flat out day-z first person shooter. Why did they even think of changing anything at all, especially since every one here gave them money to develop the game they presented in the beginning. I hope they make a update soon and clarify thing. If they scraped the original design over night it just show's they planed to make another shooter and lied to us :( But what am I saying I'm just upset and sad please Haoran give us some answers :( Hey man, on one hand I agree with you, but on the other they stated that their game will feature two different views. I mean they had to have mechanics for direct control of units. Now, I hope that with this view you can still A. Switch between units B. Switch to different views (top down as well as FPS) C. Repair items, use gear, or even switch to build mode (like sims style) I'm sure they won't disappoint.. but I agree I hope they don't change too much. We'll have to wait and see what's planned. I wouldn't be too hard since we aren't getting a lot of insight. And what we have so far has shown the powerful editor they've been making towns with.. Hopefully they leave a lot of room for modders to do stuff. I will be brutally honest with you Photon Productions, I'm very disappointed with you. I mean come why did you scrap the old top down view rpg concept and rolled in the shootery day-z nonsense I mean really. Are there not enough silly zombie games with bad graphics out there now your making one to. The game looks exactly like day-z now and I personally hate it, please revert it back to the way you presented at the start of the kickstarter. Any uptimes soon :O? I think maybe they decided to delay a more improved beta till mid august... but any news? please? :D crunch time ? One more if you don't know! <url>´m glad the goal was met and left behind even, for some extra squirrel power, though it looked a bit though some days ago. Looking forward to the game and wish you happy holidays for now :) Well done guys. Good luck with the dev-ing. And have a great Christmas and New Year. Congratulations! Will get my full (non-VM) Slackware Linux box going :). Congratulations, now get drunk and enjoy some well deserved sleep! See you around when you wake up from celebration coma. ;-) Excellent and do consider a PayPal thing to full the last goal, looking forward to the game! Please do your best and have a great holiday season! No, I don't, we compromise: I won't smoke for whole January and once the game is done I quit, fair enough? ;) Hey! I never said when! I quit right away when you're ready too. *pout* Congrats guys! Well deserved. Looking forward to seeing the beta! Woot, congrats on making a fine finish! So, any schedule when we're done? (you with the game and me with smoking as promised :D) I've bring monsters to this world..! Congrats for the KS success @Photon Those squirrels are scary btw ! ^^ You'll live longer Velkaarn ;) Cheers`` Congrats, guys ! Make us a great game ! Dang it so I really have to quit smoking! But good job, please do your best! Congrats, friends ¡¡¡¡¡ FELIZ NAVIDAD ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ Merry Christmas, Hallelujah, Amen and Peanut Butter! YAY!Another successfully funded post apocalyptic game ...Have fun making the game guys.. And so it is done! well, that's it we wouldn't see our money until 9-10 months later hehe Congrats on getting funded Photon Productions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ No Trolls blowing the Party? OK Congratulations!! WOOHOO!!! Congrats everyone. Hey hey, congratulations are in order to Photon Productions for reaching the goal line! Celebrate you guys and enjoy the weekend and Christmas and have a Happy New Year too huh! Here's to seeing Forsaken Fortress on my computer in 2013! its like watching new years come early.. I thiink the game will be great enough when everything that has been promised allready is realized. So lets focus on getting every $ possible. well just over 3 mins and inder 4k til next level :) The Chartered Accountants building ships would be way cool but perhaps more suitable for another project. you could put your atomic squirrel in there even! I don't know why, but that 3D miniture looks a look like Beeves, You know Beeves and Butthead from MTV in the 90's Two guys doing the Fish Slapping Dance perhaps? An attack by a bandit group called The Chartered Accountants? ... Something completely different in a Monty Python sense perhaps? or train husk,seeing as its a subway.. Kinda hard to back the next tier when no one knows what it is...how about subway dungeon level filled with radiated monsters,both large and small...Squirrels perhaps could hoard bodies down there in the tree husk hive? 130k get Pppfffttt... Death and it's size of a star :) How about addon of a taco van of doom? I honestly want to think the last moment surge was not for me quitting but for the amazing project here. 25 mins, +25k people! I'm just going to open the window for now :/ @Velkaarn: Looks like somebody throw some money to help you quit, man! Congrats Velkaarn & Photon! And the squirrels go wild!!! Let's do this people. added a Nuclear death star weapon... which reminds me what happened to the 110k an extra 10 weapons? I am 99.8753% sure that we won't make it to 130K, but out of interest, what is the stretch goal? Boom! @Velkaar - Think of the money you'll save now you don't smoke anymore :P Well done Photon! Oh crap... I mean congrats guys! Congratz guys 120!!! Hooray! 120K!!! @Chris: Last days and minutes count. I better have a cig now and come see the score. Never doubt the last days rush. From almost not at all to stretch goals. Lets hits 120k and wrap it up! It's amazing that like three days ago we were still around 80k... @Cian, @Photon Thanks for clearing that up! Queue the A-Team @Peter: Thanks for the support but do not forget the actual goal, my lungs are the secondary beneficiary here ;D @Velkaarn - Good luck with quitting ($419 to go). Remember you don't have to quit for a week/month/year. You just have to quit for the next cig. And then you just have quit for the next one again. And so forth. One simple decision at a time. Good luck! hopefully, they pass the greenlight in steam and get accepted afaik, they'll email us Hey, just backed. Sorry if this has been asked before, but when october rolls around, how will we get to download the game (and early beta). Will you pm us the download keys and put a link up on your site? or something else? I actually upped mine even though I don't want to quit :D But a promise is a promise. Eah, sorry watching him did slowly and painfully if more fun C'mon I'm going for a cigarette and if this makes the strech goal in these 2 hours or so I promise I quit smoking (conditions may appear that influence the terms of this agreement). Thanks to new pay arrangement next year I can't really afford to raise pledge but I'll keep thumbs up, make it! Boosted my pledge to the next level. I wonder how many times I can say to myself "Its a Christmas present to yourself" before my wife goes Forsaken SKWRL on my arse??? *shifty look* $763 to next stretch goal... C'mon!!! Godus, is basically the same with better GFX and multiplayer of populas and yes I did pledge it too :) After Godus kickstarter ended I started looking around and found this. lol . Looking good I would say. Just pledged $15 for the PC tier. Might I ask if all the $15 tiers are the same? well, there is an extra bit of more cash again on my pledge. Hmmm are you sure you didn't just gain 500 rather than loose it? bringing you from 118k to 119k? Questions about the crafting and such are reasonable but I'd really prefer to keep those things reasonable and more or less balanced - this is not a dang MMORPG with the supposed standards after all and I'd really love to keep the focus as such. summer is beta time hmmm...is this counter going backwards :( October 2013 is estimated release date but what is estimated release for betas? Added 15 for a shirt to get us closer. Congrats on a successful kickstarter. Literally just saw this and backed it....sweeeeeeet! The description say traits of characters can be dynamically developed over the source of the game, but how much freedom can player influence them? Is there a system similar to RPG where you can freely assign points, or do you have to subtly affect them by having a character continuously perform some task to horn up their skills/trait in the related area? Kicktraq trending progress is showing $121K in this moment What is the lenght of the (digital/paper) C.E. book? 20, 40, 100+ pages? So it will be the DnD thing, where creatures can appear in the wrong biome for some reason you dont care about, because you slaughter them regardless. I like that, mindless slaughter is always fun. 1. Brings me to another question actually (yes, im asking alot, curiosity is a built-in feature of mine). Do creatures and animals have other uses aside from providing meat? Leather and bones useful at all? Can i make my vehicle into a reaver-vehicle (thinking of Firefly here, if you havent seen it, go and see it!)? 2. There will be a research system in the game (I think I saw that it would, but im not sure actually). How indepth will that be? The X-Com style, where you basically research every pile of dust the enemy leaves behind and you need said pile of dust to have the research avaiable to you, or more the civilication style, with a techtree thats pre-defined and where you progress linear through it while not having to have materials for it (talking about civ 2 here, before someone jumps at me). 3. Are you bored or annoyed by my questions? ;) Decided to pledge with 6 hours left. (More importantly, 19 mins until the end of apocalypse day. Didn't want to die without funding this.... peace of mind you understand :) Trusting in you guys to do some awesome work Just uped to $50 + gift box add-on, let's go for the $120K stretch goal Do we really need scenario modes in a roleplaying game? :O i dont know if this has been talked about, but i would like to change the names of my comrads in the game, I would like to put the names of my friends so I would feel more attached to them Oh don't worry, I'll make plenty of videos on it! Woah, it's taken nice bounds & leaps since I last had time to check! Good job and congratulations guys! Three questions from me, as I'd love to see this functionality in this game (at some point, not necessarily at the launch): 1. Will you be adding custom locations for your base of operations? What i mean by that, is that it would be really awesome to be able to choose what kind of base you'd want such as taking over a prison and making it your base, an abandoned (small) town, one house, a whole block of apartments, a farm, a hospital, an armory etc. (Yes, a bit inspired by the walking dead and falling skies there :-) ) 2. Could it be possible, that, at the start (of some mode) you have pretty much nothing (No vehicle, no base, only a few tools and a weapon), and then you have to acquire different places to live? And once you start out-growing your current place, you can either expand, or send out search parties to acquire new (and bigger) places to live? 3. Different 'areas' and species that are more common in some areas of the terrain. For example a mountain range with snow and some unique creatures that thrive in snow (polar-superatomic squirrel maybe?), a coastline or water, etc. Game looks awesome though, can't wait until Beta comes out! And congratulations on reaching your goal :-) Changed from $15 to $35. Let's make it to 120 squirrels before the end. Also, with this move I get access to the beta and the private forum, yay. Question here, when we receive access to the beta can we record and post footage of gameplay on YouTube? yes the squirrel gods need more golden nuts :D Good work, guys. our squirrel gods demands their sacrifi... ehh offerings :D have a drink on me :) then get back to work ;) Hey guys, I thought I'd give my congratulations now, as I'll be asleep when your project ends but I look forward to reading all the comments! Am really happy to have found and backed this game, all your hard work has paid off! just need to clarify, if he bough one of them, for example the linux version, he can also get the pc version (free)? Have a $120k stretch goal been mentioned yet? We have the $110K goal, and are only about $5k with 12 hrs to go to make $120k hey guys, just had a friend question me so i need some clarification: if you buy one of the lower (15$) tiers, you can get all 3 versions (pc,linux and mac) if you want it? Free play forced a pledge from me. :) Very ambitious project, love it. Gonna need a lot more than $100k, hope ya'll have some more investors lined up! Yes! We made it: 110,000: Free play mode(no story, no ending, no limit) :) "Senario Modes" ---> "Scenario Modes" ? I have even more questions (thanks for the answers, btw, but i was running late for my train to work, i also call it the paintrain) 1. Is the amount of loot i can bring back limited by the vehicle i have ? And is that amount further affected by things like weapons and armor attached to it? 2. How is the customization on vehicles? Will there be side- and upgrades for certain vehicle parts (wheels, engine, etc)? 3. Do i need special tools for harvesting certain ressources (an axe for a tree, a drill or a pickaxe for stones, barrels or bottles for water)? Also, i didnt talk about having to break down everything. Only things you normally need some knowledge on what is what to not hurt you or destroy something that could be useful. Its of course your decision, but i think it would make it not only a bit more realistic (atomic squirrels! Post apocalypse! Yay, realism! ;) ) but also more compelling to people who want such staff. I will avoid calling them hardcore, because that always ends in arguments for me And by my rough release date question, I meant - if the game should be delayed for quality improvement reasons (I.E. there turns out to be some nasty bugs), would the game be delayed? Alrighty, just backed this! :) My question is this - where and how will we redeem our DRM-free Digital Downloads? :) Will we get a code for some place like Gog? Is there a rough release date for the game (like 2015, 2017)? Looking forward to see what you can do with 100k budget! :D @Michael Donnellan Don't forget it's a small game budget..they can't accomplish everything they would want for sure. Congrats folks of Photon Productions! 2. We want to reduce this part for simplicity. Break everything down to get resources maybe too complex. So if you want wood, go chop down a dead tree, if you want fuel, go find barrels. complexity is good, some of us are looking for such a game. Simply put casual/easyas mode as default and proper survival mode as hard mode and give us a option. I hope I can upgrade my pledge on PayPal later... a little shy on cash after buying all those presents ;) @Fayce, depending upon how they do the language, it could be possible to localize as a hobby project if there's really enough interest. Or perhaps add additional languages as DLC. OK, probably not that, it would be obnoxious. Hmm, only $8k and some change with 18 hours to go, we could conceivably hit $120k. "So how about taking squirrels seriously? Were usable NPC with crazy attachment to his/hers pet squirrels who time by time runs around base and cause havoc (who gnawed off that water purification pipe??), could be good for comic relief :-))" I like this idea. Squirrels could be both a source of some minor annoyance in the camp (steal food etc) but also some entertainment and healing for the in-game characters, e.g. a depressed character might get in a better mood from playing with or watching a squirrel. My cat has that effect on me, don't see why a squirrel couldn't. Also, during defence of the base you'd have to defend the squirrel as well, it'll be like a dynamic character you can't quite control but still has to keep an eye on. Oh, and users will be put in the horrible situation of having to chose whether to eat the squirrel in times of hunger, which may make some characters depressed. Nice, we managed to get the 110K stretch goal glad to see we secured the :Atomic Squirrel Race stretch goal! hopefully we snag the $130k goal as well! congrats Forsaken Fortress team/Photon Productions! Hooray, we made it!! @photon , ton francais est impecable :) , it does'nt matter if it's only in english , may be after it will be translate. I see NY city too , that was something!!! I agree, multiplayer would be great. Or a coop :) For the resource, will you make the system linked to the difficulty we choose ? Like an easy mode with few ressource and simple, and a hard mode more complex with a lots of parts to gather ? multiplayer would be as likely as fallout having one. Oh no, capture the flag! I want multiplayer now! Write down in blinking red lettering on frontpage: Multiplayer mode at 175000! Bland, on their defense, I don't think they can add much more to the game with such a small budget and team without having to hire an army of devs. Although I do agree that the starting location would be up to the player as a feature. These stretch goals are very unimpressive. Choose your location? I wouldve thought that be in the game anyway. I mean for such a seemingly simple addition. Can we get a decent stretch goal? Come on devs,wrack your brains. Well, final 24 hours to go. Upping pledge, squirrels needs food... Wait, the atomic squirrel is not a joke anymore? Im scared, and im excited. Also, i have some questions that are actually game related. 1. How is the scavenging going to work? Can you just pick everything up (like the junk lying around in the little gameplayvideo you made, or the swings) or will it be like in Dead Zone (<url>"serious" lol. I laughed so hard at how he tried to contained himself. I would probably laugh all day if i was working with a man like that XD. Linlin is on PP workplace with his family ? :P Squirrels,come on, Cheers!! The squirrels are cheering! wooo!! we got free play mode!! Kk, well dude, remember what I said, write it down in some dusty notepad file somewhere, when this game releases and you get serious $$$ from the sales, you should be looking to expand the ways players can survive. Especially if you make it available on Steam. I mean, look at Torchlight.... Also, here's hoping 12, 21, 2012 isn't real bro..... Trock Brass wants to be the Lord Humongous from The Road Warrior. because being a raider you'll have to attack more people for their tech, which makes you wanted, so its like hard core mode for those who want it. Know what I mean? The base is there for people who wanna play the way its originally intended. A true raider has no base. And like, you add camping buildings, that spawn little tables outside on the world map and simply spawn to x-y-z coords on the map's AI pathfinding grid right? and then they can eat outside and you could even have outhouses or mobile research tents. and you can do all of this mobile with these spawnable devices. No man, picture this, you got your base right, and then you insert alternate values for the world map where you can live away from it. And then you can declare yourself a bandit and roam the wasteland map you spawn in. And like, get followers right? And you all live off the land and live off your equipment so the game doesn't end if you lose your base. Awwww yeah bro. Then you add chopper bikes, cuz we need those. I was mostly kidding about the aliens. Hahahaha, Maybe if i ask nicely..I know just the guy to translate into French..plus this person in itself is an informatic ingenior..and very good with website and coding :P Should ask hjim very nicely XD Did you even see their tech demo? They're already toting an open world, what the heck are you going on about seriousness? They have a mobile truck with a gun turret, I'm sure having a bike with a grafted character animation on a single skeleton for the bike animation is not a huge technological challenge. And also, they have a year to develop this game, and if you're stating the reasons for a game being unable to develop something purely out of time constraints when all it is would be alternate textures or in-game models makes little to no sense.Because siting budget for alternate textures or models, makes little to no sense. As well as alternate special effects. In fact, since these alternate devices would most likely be deployed in a free mode setting, I see no reason for them not to be implemented, either now or some time after release. In fact, you should just state your TRUE intentions here - YOU'RE ANTI BANDIT AND ANTI ROAD WARRIOR. GOOD DAY. woooohoooooooooooo, 110K!!!! Good work! Trock Brass, you're talking a whole separate game. Completely different graphics, completely different game play. I seriously doubt that's even remotely possible with the financial constraints of this game. Motorcycles would be extremely unlikely since that requires a whole new set of graphics. FF just doesn't have the budget for that kind of stuff. Adding one new animal would be a big undertaking, adding all the graphics for separate motorcycles and mobile bases? Let's be serious here. I am here waiting for the historical moment, 110K achievement, coming!! Even know some real professional translators that make a living from that.. I don't want to advance myself with that. But i might be able to help with localization at some point (work with severals translators from all around the world..and severals proofreaders). /me is an admin on several huge site..whom include subbing/scanlation. Some of them might like the idea on working on something like a game :) Come on guys! I need my free play mode! We're so close! COME ON MAN! Hey, I realize this is your game and not mine, but you should consider making the 120,000 mark a special "Raider Gameplay mode" or even "Alien Gameplay Mode" where you can play as a raiders with alternate graphics and technology (like raiding other forts and being an outlaw with raids by lawmen type guys or with special primitive weps). Or better yet, add the ability to make Wasteland Choppers! Biker gangs of the waste! Mobile bases! Awwwww yeaaaah!! DO THAT ONE! I'm currently developing a Unity4-based game of my own. It's pretty amazing what Mecanim can do, and the animation controllers help a lot in development. However, switching for me was trivial since we didn't have any animated characters at that point. I'm a bit more reserved about Shuriken, I couldn't get some things to work that work fine in the old system. However, I have to look into this some more, particle systems are an art form in itself. Mecanim or the old animation system? :) Okay! them* Do you build your models in 3ds or do you build then in like autoCAD or inventor and import them? For starters, leave some specifications on the forums on which engine, sdks, rendering software, and other technologies you are using to make the game. That should make the collaboration process faster. I would love to contribute to this game anyway I can! Time to fire up the autodesk software! :D I don't know how the game engine works, but if you put all game string into nicely formated xml files, then localisation packs will be easily moddable by fans. You don't need professional translation services. I am certain you can find supporters who will gladly volunteer to provide localization into major European languages at the very least. So are you going to do a Chinese translation version then? I would love to be able to have an option to switch between English (my main language) and Simplified Chinese (my second language).. 3,003 backers!!! Not all fan fiction is going to be consistent with your vision or be of a high enough quality to satisfactorily incorporate into the game. But such writing samples may give you a chance to identify backers whose ideas and style you like. You may even find someone you would want to add to your team. As I understand it, Bare Mettle (of Sui Generis fame) found their head writer from among their early backers through the submission of writing samples. At any rate, as ukshadow pointed out, giving backers access and soliciting their ideas and direct involvement can be an inexpensive method of generating content and vetting ideas. Naturally, you would have to exercise strict control especially as concerns your proprietary materials. But utilizing the enthusiasm and talent of your supporters is one way you could save funds as an alternative to additional hiring or outsourcing. Lets break 155k tommorow! and shoot for 120k!!! Does Mark still doing work for you guys at Photon? I haven't see or heard much of him since the first intro video. I there , Backed from France , congrats for the $100000 , very good project. @davis Only 3rd person...watch the demo video in update 18 Given the limited budget Photon Production has to work with, community involvement could potentially provide both content as well as reduce the need to outsource work. Will there be a optional like control a character first person/third person thing? Also a Hoarde mode would be kind of cool. I guess that might be free mode maybe They did mention taming creatures...still working on what creatures and details is what they said. I think the DLC was free for all backers...no tier restrictions To expand on what Tom said, see what inXile studio is doing, by letting people contribute with their own models and textures in some way. I am sure at least a few budding artists would like to pitch in some ideas. Just look how the Skyrim modding community went nuts with the skins and suits for characters. Jesus Christ. No dogs....all the squirrels you can handle. *Dlcs Is the lifetime dog's also for the 15 dollar tier? => Photon productions Hello, i have a lot of question ... What is your first langage ? Is the game will be translated in french ? Can i tame a squirrel ? :D a dog ? A bicéphalous octopus mutant ? :D And if you need people for an alpha, you can count me in :) If I may be allowed a suggestion, why not ask your supporters to submit writing samples and those with the appropriate background could possibly volunteer to help edit content as well. Surely you will be able to find capable collaborators from a pool of 3000 supporters. An additional benefit of running design and writing past your supporters is to strike a social cultural tone that will be acceptable to the widest possible segment of your prospective audience. As an example of a potential pitfall I recall you mentioning that same sex relationships will be problematical as a rule. While a certain level of discrimination may be fine if done subtly and without making such relationships impossible or overly difficult. Overt homophobia will give the game a reactionary edge and may be a substantial turnoff for a portion of your potential target audience. Just something to think about. Thanks for the detailed response to Dawn of Nights questions. I am not concerned about the lack of full customisation, but the ability to fully explore the game world including all buildings would be sweet. I agree that the ability of building a base absolutely everywhere could be problematic from a game writing perspective. Congratulations on hitting your goal, I can't wait until this game is released! This is definitely an interesting project and a great deal of progress has been made in terms of giving backers solid information about the nature and scope of what Forsaken Fortress is about. Perhaps you have already provided extensive information about the game world and the story of how it descended into its current state on your forums. Alas, I have not seen any substantial information regarding these matters on either your Kickstarter front page or subsequent updates. As far as I can tell no one on your team has primary writing responsibility. I trust that you won't be offended by my comment but, as endearing as your use of the English language may be in your interaction with backers, I sincerely hope that you will have a talented writer and editor to do the majority of the writing for the game. Ancient Chinese Secret: Those who are in horror in front of a camera will make funny game A lot of kickstarter games allow donations AFTER the kickstarter campaign is over. This allows new people that missed out on the kickstarter to still donate and get some of the goodies while giving the game devs more cash for more game features. I have donated to a couple of games I missed in the kickstarter. Congrats! All that remains is to stay focused, mark what can be done, what cannot beafter release in late 2013, and grow from there. Mind you, like CIan said, 100,000 is quite the modest sum. Should this game be a success, the cash from this will fuel further content, and hopefully, Forsaken Fortress 2 years later. Ambitious, but those that lack ambition are doomed to fail at anything they do. The update is so funny ^^ 100k will still be a very small budget, don't assume that it will make the game that you want. a lot of detail requires quite a bit of cash just to make then models. They won't have to worry about the KS being funded, they will still feel stress because of the dead line and the limited amout of cash again. Every cent they get makes it easier to work and not have to worry so much. 3000 backers soon ! DawnOfNights - ask them on their forum/site Finally! This is one of those games I've always dreamed of, too bad I cant play it yet :/ I really like the whole base management system, really cool! I also have a few questions: 1.When can we expect the beta? 2.To what extent can you customize your 'avatar' 3.Do you plan on being able to build multi-floor buildings? 4. Can you build your base anywhere? 5. How about seasons?(nuclear winter sounds scary!) 6. those building shown in the demonstration video(where you went into the city) can you enter them? And to what extent(are only few/most/all buildings enterable, and what is the detail inside) 7.Also, the only thing bothering me was the roof of the base, it looks a little empty? will we be able to set the texture like the floor, and maybe add some extra things to the top? Either way I want to play it now!!!11111!! PS: Dawn, that is what they call me on most games I play(My long username is DawnOfNights)! I love rpg's, especially oldscool ones with turn-based gameplay, Though I haven't backed them, I follow the works of Sui Generis, Maia, Antharion and Project Eternity very closely. Are you my doppleganger 0_o!? YES FUNDED! zombie squirrels... they are out to get us all... any stretch goals for the last day? Those flattened squirrels... They are the reason the other squirrels hate you. Humans killed their familys, and now, they are coming for us. Also, they try to develop blend-in technologies to prevent road-related deaths. Doesnt go that well, as you accurately pointed out ;) This was never in doubt, make us proud pp You never wondered what squirrels think when they just stand there and stare at you with those black, cruel eyes? Yes, they are plotting to kill you. Now I either want them in the game, or a proper dwarf fortress mod that indroduces killer-squirrels. Yay for the squirrels...now onto crush $110K Congrats, this was much deserved :o) Atomic Squirrel Race - yippee ! Woohoo! Congratulations on hitting your goal! I for one am extremely happy to see this game continue development! Squirrels eat your nuts The squirrels will kill you, gut you, skin you, wear you, drag you back to their lairs, lay their eggs into you (dont question it), wear your skin, cook you, then eat you Damn squirrels I hope there will be some giant miniature space squirrels that you can carry around as a pet! :p This user's account has been deleted. Roasted squirrel-on-a-stick food item. Sizzling crunchy goodness. Huzzah! Now, after your party, make a fun little game which shall stand for itself and your abilities. This gives us the chance that one day, we may be able to play version 2, the director's cut with all the things you wanted to add. Happy Axemas, everyone! There have to be squirrels or else Dawn will be sad :( please Haoran reasure her ! 105 squirrels and counting. On an unrelated note, where's my food? Very good then we shall go squirrel hunting or they will hunt us :O OHHH! I would ask what a herp derp is,only the internet has an answer ..thank you internet... I agree with Dawn, If I liked squirrels more id drop my pledge down to :P kiding No Squirrel 500>15$. Herp-DERP! lol there are only 2 types of people..those who say there are 2 types of people.....and the rest...:) SQUIRRELS are awesome :P! As long as they dont look like teemo :grr i hate him! Squirrel are not a joke and btw. you have no chance to show them in their true glory with just extra $ 5000.. P.S. There are only two kinds of people - those who havent played Baldurs Gate and those who will never forget Minsk and Boo. So how about taking squirrels seriously? Were usable NPC with crazy attachment to his/hers pet squirrels who time by time runs around base and cause havoc (who gnawed off that water purification pipe??), could be good for comic relief :-)) THEY ARE REAL! Nice to see we made it :) OMG atomic squirrel is in my room! Tis true....mo money=mo happy.To paraphrase p dippy of course. anyway, the more pledges we make the more cash we put it the more cash they will have to spend on the game developement and the more enjoyment we will have. @cian-I know what it means.I just don't care.If I can't allow myself to believe in a preposterous media inspired fear mongered campaign of idiocy,what can I believe in?Apparently the ability of a group of total strangers to rant abour squirrels I could care less about and make games to keep themselves and everyone else here happy? Is that so wrong?Cause if it is,I don't wanna be right............. WHAT ?! The squirrel stretch goal was a joke ? :S yeah, but kickstarter get 9-10% of that money, greedy bax-tard :) CONGRATULATIONS !! WE HAVE ACHIEVED THE GOAL! you guys probably celebrate there with nice roasted squirrel on a stick :))) The Mayans didn't say the earth was destroyed or apocolypse. They just left it blank at 2012, @cian-time is an invention of man...I'm willing to bet I won't be dead by the time sun hits Mexico.... @Malisane-well.I hope we see some good ones regardless ,non? it would be nearly impossible for them to get 30-40k in less than 2 days Wrong the Mayans were still on the 20th if they were still aliove @Rob - To be fair, those original stretch goals were for way more than 100k so I can see why they were changed Goal reached ! Very late to the party but congrats nonetheless. :) Make an awesome stretch goal for 130-40k. You still have the time and the backers to reach it. Note-I am NOT HAPPY-AT ALL-WITH having to pay $10 more to internationally ship to Canada,when the u.s dollar is crap,and will be worse next year ,when the Canadian dollar will be worth 5 cents more...Not Happy At All.But I did it anyways,cause .....I don't even know why really,because I guess I hope your game won't suck,and the $10 might even be worth it...Don't disappoint... Well,it is officailly (spelling)the 21st....its the end of the world as we know it,and I feel fine.Bumpitty bump bump..There may be a slight drag ,say 12 hours or so ,before oy realize the end is not ,sadly ,nigh,..but do as you will,the beer tastes as good as it did 5 minutes ago. solid definition on the mod support, map editor and non linear play would help @malisane-really?they had different stretches?Guess I am enjoying a few too many yuletide libations......Missed em.Could you guys bring these back to refresh our memories? @Rob - Yep agreed, the current stretch goals need working on NOW, to take advantage of these last few days and hours. They had a list of good stretch goals earlier in the campaign, maybe they should revise that? 115k small arena to test out weapons and enemies? Congrats! :) And still some hours to go. Congrats on reaching your target! I never had any doubt :D Well, this is a wonderful thing to wake up to. We've met funding. It's getting made. Merry Christmas! Quick! Throw in a small stretch goal! :D @malisane-I had no doubt it would reach goal,but still,I have a high expectation for post apocalyptic entertainment,and a squirrel race,while cheesy fun,is not exactly something I personally would strive to pledge for as a stretch.That being said,I am still kicking up a tier in about 25 minutes as the 21st hits in my neck of the woods...As I will be pledging realtime ,you can be assured,if the end of the world hits me first here in Asia,fell free everyone,to pull your pledge and spend it on beer.if I die first,you know it is the real deal...note-I am highly scepticalas to Mayan accuracy-despite them discovering 0. @Wou yes you are right, it seems to be an overall horrible time for it, i know i probably could have added a little something extra if i had not had to consider xmas gifts on top of it... and i am also supporting Elite Dangerous so that is another drain... though i am happy to say that i actually put more money here than on E-D The sky fell on your heads thats what did happen :P Congratulations! As an afterthought right before Christmas may not be the best time to go after people's disposable income. @Photon Productions: A whale came in, dropped $5k like it just don't care, and went home. $100,000+! Today is a good day. @Gurney: Impeccable Timing. Like clockwork. @rob - Give them a chance, a few days ago it didn't even look like it would reach 100k :) Congratulations! Let's use the final hours to give this ambitious project enough buffer. To be honest,I feel the stretch goals are a little lacking ....an apocalyptic squirrel race ?I suggest a zombie death fight with mutants in a cage surrounded by betting raiders and a colliseum.....You could always eat a squirrel for energy I suppose. Plus,I appreciate a game with an end,how about a few more stretches to shoot for...then we can always say,"if we only got ______,thta would have been cool"...leaves something for the sequel....... They in Either US timezone and chinese timezone... try and pick a time when both are awake! They might be shooting a thank you video or something It will come Micheal they are just not online at this moment i guess. wheres the we got funding update? still wondering if its a troll? Congrats! They will make it easy. 39+ hrs Yes, Adam Walck plege 5000, let's go 110K Btw they wouldn't recieve the cash for earliest 3 weeks :) With kickstarter taken a chunck out of it Same it happens if you buy a $15 pledge. not every one is looking for the game. Some are here trying to see if any great new game developers. Personally, from the last update if they can pull these all off, I can't wait to see the sequel to this XD. Congrats on getting your funding!! How did this happen? Somebody bought 5000? 102 percent and rising! probably they still sleeping on bed don’t know what happened here! They work so hard, to middle night everyday. Pool guys. they will shocked soon, Photon Productions are probably busy celebrating this :P Congratulations, for reaching the goal, cant wait for this amazing game! Congrats!! Hey Congrats! I was abit worried this wouldnt get funded but now alls good. I'd like to see a Wii U version after release. I hear Nintendo/Unity have made it easy to port games that use unity. Congrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully the small amount of zombie apocalypse survival tactics I've garnered from this projects numerous updates will allow me to effectively combat the upcoming zombie apocalypse @_@ holy crap how did I miss this game getting funded (I see the 5000 tier level has been sold out). Damnit, I wanted to be here for that, anyway, congrats to the crew, I think you'll need some more stretch goals past 110k, we'll probably reach that within the next 48 hours Congrats on being funded! Can't wait to play this game! So the Post-Apocalypse game gets funded about 24h before the Apocalypse, isn't that Great? Cheers! the only one is 110k an openworld sandbox actually more like 9/10th down the front page, just above risks and challenges front page about 2/3rd down near the bottom What are the stretch goals and where are they listed? I remember seeing them but I can't remember where. Congrats, what a great rush the last couple of days. Now get to work! :) Congrats! I think you can get an extra 20k at this point! :D @Eric - I don't see the problem, it's called "Forsaken Fortress" not "Forsaken World" ? Yaaaay! Funded! Congrats guys! :D GG-GAME OVER! Congrats on funding! You might want to be careful when using the phrase "Forsaken World" as there is a game out with that name already. It would be a shame if this game had to cancel because of some silly lawsuit Wow. I go to bed for a few hours and when I wake up, we're it's funded. Fantastic. Now it's on to the stretch goals. Congrats on funding! Congrats on funding! Congrats on funding! Hooray! I'm so happy this game got funded! Congrats everyone!! :-D Congratulations! Bring on the end of the world! Brilliant! GJ Everyone. Looks like a really promising game. Yes, another 10K is possible, we have 42hours to go, go for endless game!!! I also would like to see the endless game Yay, 100 squirrels, good, but keep em coming. Congrats everyone! Now let's push just a little further for the 110k stretch goal @Dawn_ me too, but with almost 2 days to go, 10K isn't much now I hope we'll reach the 110k stretch goal now. Endless game is cool :) And just like that, you hit your goal Congrats team And Haoran isn't here :( congratz xD 100k Thanks Adam for the generous contribution :D Congrats, I was sceptic about reaching this a week ago. Great. The horrible design of the Kickstarter page makes stuff difficult to find. There are also more and more good candidates to support. Good luck with the continuation! Wow, 100K! Congrats! Though I'm sure we would have made the last 5k regardless WOOHOO! NOW for some of those stretch goals! You're welcome, and don't worry about me pulling the money, I'm looking forward to this game as much as everyone else. Well, with 43hrs to go, there is enough time to get some reserve money for usual slackers... SQUIRRELS ARE COMING! MONEY OR YOUR NUTS! Dammit!! I missed it! Congratulations!! The people backed 5000K just now is our squirrels GOD!!! Thank you so much!!! If it is, you'll know by the 24 hour deadline - cause after that, they can't withdraw if it'll take us below the goal. Well, when they get back, they will see that 7hrs wasnt even needed... Gratz! FOR SQUIRRELS! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! super awesome to the final contributors and a huge thanks from me and probably everyone else here! I hope last huge amount of money is not fake :D Be interesting to see how that seamlessly works into the game,but I guess we'll make that too...now if we don't all die in the mayan prophecy,I guess I'll kick in another tier to see exactly what a squirrel race is all about. Yeah..next goal is the atomic squirrel race lol what? what happend just now? 5000UISD!!!! My GOD!! Is the next goal really an Atomic Squirrel race? Wow, we did it ! Congrats to all Photon's staff ! A squirrel association maybe ?! Someone just threw 5k ? O_O!: Funded ! WTF?How did that happen?Congrats I guess... hehe if everyone just add another 1.55$ then we make this goal now :) $5000 to go! We got this. Post-apolocalyptic is a popular subject.. TheSims is a popular genre.. why haven't EA made this game already? Because they don't like to take risks.. that's why this game needs to get made because it's the game a lot of us have been wanting since Fallout 1/2.. hehe linlin in a squirrel costume is a great idea XD 115000$ strech goal Linlin wear a squirrel costume ? XD @Light, probably, I had forgotten about this campaign until I got my reminder email. I couldn't afford to back for much, but I am getting a copy. I'm sure I'm not the only one. We will reach 100k Today, i think ;). Then it's the Squirrels xD After reading the description of the add-on i had an idea ^^ (design an architecture like theater) That would be nice to have a creepy theater full of zombies ^^ (some sort of real Rocky Horror Show) Got my $15 pledge in.. I'm one of the people who didn't back till 48 hour email was sent :) In protest of the way Black Isle are handling their own similar idea-ed game... I pledge. So close, $5000 and change with nearly two days left. I really thin k we'll make it and then some. Hello stretch goals.... This game deserves it. Guys, you said you are surrounded by good writers... does it mean we should expect to have a grat post-apocalyptic story? Gameplay and environment are really good, but since it's an RPG I'd like to see mature story, dialogues, moral dilemmas, deep characters and story, with dynamic possibility of choice over all. This could be make the game even great! I hope also to see improved portraits, adapted to the context. :P But in general I'm really impressed for what I can see from an alpha or whatever it is. I ended up backing. It looks cool, hopefully enough other people back it to get past the $100k. I probably would be waiting for the game to be released, if it weren't so close. I think so far only one of my KS projects has actually completed. OH MY GOD! ATOMIC SQUIRRELS ARE ATACKING! we are so close, someone pledge to become an atomic squirrel >.< if I had the money I'd do it Only references of course. Fallout itself has tons of those but it doesn't stop it from being itself, so to speak. "Vault? "Water Chip"? Enough with the Fallout references. Let the game bloom in a direction of its own. Shout outs and references are fine, but basing yourself in another franchise is never good. maybe we can construct a water chip with enough research in the base? top 10! <url>"war changes everything", and maybe some other fallout references other than the radsquirrel. A vault to explore perhaps, I dunno, but there's so much post-apoc to draw from, a rich mythology to dig into, like fallout itself did. *sigh* like that will ever happen eah, seriously can we stop with the bloody squirrels :) Haha yes I do! Anyone else want to join in? Cian? There isn't and for 99% of games there won't be a demo is there a test demo or tech demo I missed some place? Everyone who has clicked on the reminder Agreed! And only an hour until Kickstarter sends out the reminder e-mail... should see a nice boost there :-D Will there be any dlc including squirrels? 9Damn, so close! was one post away : I know that 'If you have to ask, you can't afford it" but is there an option for "You will be made into a game character" add-on? and if so, how much is it just for the one stand-alone? £33+ Cian Caball, I just read it. This is the kind of game I have been looking for: A true fighting-for-day-to-day-survival in a god forsaken Earth. Something that should also happen, in my opinion, is that a successful shelter fortress will attract the attention of those remnants of Humanity who wish to join... and also the not so good interest of raiders, slavers and Lord knows what else that can smell all that nice warm flesh just waiting inside. "You will never be prepared" indeed. Hell, you can even have both raiders and monsters killing each other in an assault gone wrong right in front of your base. Haha. We're doomed I say! DOOMED!!! <url>#21 you will remain jaw dropped for ages! Endgame- endless wave of squirrels! 93 squirrels down, 7 to go! For starters. Question, is there going to be any interpersonal stuff between characters like romances and is this going to be a sandbox game where you last until you die, or is it going to have an endgame? And I mean, we'be raised almost 10k in one day...that's pretty impressive Cian- that just made my day Ahh they have no problem in reaching 100k. it's the question of reaching the streatch goals after that. Looking good! Fingers crossed for those last few bucks! btw oh mighty Photon Productions, Are you getting a new forum instead of the current one? I've noticed that some folders are gone like suggestions and general chat. PS - MOAR SKWRLS!!! <url>"hero" character at the beginning of the game to represent us? 92k right the hell now. And of course,since we won't all be dead by the 21st,anyone left(All of us)will naturally want to kick up a tier or for an add-on,to celebrate our Apocalypse....so we should comfortably make goal..hopehopehope 52 hours to go~~!!!! Your guys will make it !!! So close! I'm thinking we're going to make it everyone. There is always a big push in the last 48 hours of these things. I'm relieved. My wallet feels light... hearted, I guess. :P any update post tonight? My husband backed this a few days ago and, after some intense debate with my wallet, I've backed it too! It looks awesome, guys. I'll pass it around to my friends and see if I can't drum up some more interest in these final hours. Probably :P I'll probably wouldn't do any good in a community..as i am indeed very self-conceited..but kicked out..? Hmm, Knowing me before that i'll take all the fuel from the base and burn the food storage with before leaving (not a forgiving person). Then, i could go find peace with zombies, squirrels and others in the wasteland ^^ Or a wild child raised by squirrels... Aka *We are gonna make of her the traitor of the group* XD Go ahead, go ahead. I'll enjoy seeing it ^^ lol Haoran, i am pretty sure you guys have already figure out what you want to do with my character :P yo please answer my question in update 19 dammed if i don't think we might actually break 100k before 48 hours... Can't wait to break 100k!!!' look at kicktraq, a handy read if you want to get a better understanding (but doesn't judge average daily pledge. <url>"Why the hell has no one thought of this before? It seems like a shoe-in. I'm super excited to see how this will turn out. I noticed that its all real time (and I'm totally fine with that) but will there be an option for a turn based element as well? Not a deal breaker but it seems it would be nice depending on how big the base can get. excellent, you could do any video that you can make ready for the 48 hours... any vid would be appreciated greatly Ok. It is really great that you understand, that FF needs more squirrels, but what the hack is "Atomic Squirrel Race"? $88K....WOOHOO! wow, 88K, good luck number Only 12K to go! A non-video update is great, only to know more about this part Yes, 5 updates in past 2 days, what a hard work team! We can see their “never give up” attitude，their professionalism and leadership . Good work! Upped the pledge, good work keep it up. he's made 5 updates in the past 2 days :) ah in general I'd say most KS haven't got over 10 setup so don't feel left out by any means :)having press releases after you have started is better than having them before you start in my opinion anyway it is Kickstarters fault, they don't exactly advertise outside the site really. not even facebook... which is odd (note I said ADVERTISE not ) exploration would be awesome and it is not a subject that has been covered overly much so far, perhaps with a bit of character interaction with the game world... things they can do and not do on their own or commanded to do so I will like to see a update about the exploration part, like how to know when is safe to leave the base (or the base don't suffer the risk of being attacked when the party is out?) Is possible to send a scouting/hunting party controllable by the AI? can you guys make an update or two more before the close? preferably some vids of action or social interaction? or some detail on it :) We can do it! Hmm, this is going to be close. A couple of days ago, I would have said no way, but it has really taken off in the last day or two. Hope the game achieves funding. Guess we will see a lot of squirre-based easter eggs in the game... 87.5% funded and this well before the 48h mark, we can do it! Squirrel...Squirrel...Squirrel... 90K is coming soon. All hail the holy forsaken grateful squirrel! This user's account has been deleted. trending towards ~$96K... its possible lets keep our fingers crossed and start bumping up forum posts Well, this sure is exciting and I'm not even on the team and I got a mountain-sized backlog of games to play (but none quite like this game). If it ends up $10-20 short I'll increase me pledge. :D @Stavros-long time no see....Zombies and the apocalypse seem to agree with you huh? creepin up on 90k,might hit a stretch..... The Alpha Colony story is an interesting one for anyone involved with KS, particularly for project owners, it shows the risks that there can be if you try to "game" the system. Alpha Colony might well have serious problems in delivering, if their KS had attracted that final twenty-eight dollars... <url>"2" posts. <url>"who is robin?" Please tell me you are joking The owner of the Nexus sites is Robin Scott. Robin runs all aspects of the sites and should be your primary contact. <url>#18: "A morning in the wasteland" Which really gets across the ideas behind the game. It is a really neat game idea that crosses genres and has the potential to be awesome. Well worth a donation IMOP! Less than 15K to go! 69 hours lol i think for me it was RedRum's latest reminder in today's StarCitizen update that reminded me to check back in over here. i want to build that base! ^_^ hopefully the 48 hour reminder will boost us over the goal line quick. Just backed, can't wait to play. Was sent here by War for the Overworld, just want to say good luck with the final hours! I really hope this makes its goal since this game looks fantastic. Come on guys, let's push a little more harder. After all, Fallout Sims is a very original idea for a game, that i'd like to play so much) I said down payment for a squirrel have you talked to robin at nexus yet, need to be more serious about modding to get in. Well I don't know, if you define playing Fallout as life, then it's those things that interfere with Fallout-playing that's ruining life. Ha. Thx RedRum, I read about it on the NMA blog. Need to check my lotto ticket and then I'll let you know if I can put a down payment for a squirrel. @john belt Kickstarters usually move up at the in end with more activity. If a project does not meet its goal at the end of the funding period, no one gets charged and the project gets nothing. Welcome aboard John. May I ask how did you find out about this game? I'm a backer, I'm a backer! Woo hoo, feel pretty good about this (my first backing). The game looks really cool and unique. Currently replaying New Vegas, just love post-apoc games. Looking forward to Forsaken Fortress and Wasteland 2. John Belt - The last 3 days have averaged just short of $6k. If this continues for three more days the project will hit $101k. Projects typically pick up quite a bit near the end so there could be an even higher total. I'm sort of new to the whole kick starter thing, I have only recently been supporting kick start campaigns, so I'm asking from a point of general ignorance. With that in mind, is this really going good? It seems that 83% funded with 3 days to go isn't that good considering this has been running for 17 days already. Do the pledges really pick up a lot in the last 2 or so days? Also, what if some of the backers 'back out'' at the last minute or even after the campaign is over? How does that effect the whole thing? It's good news to see 80% has been passed. Keep it up. seriously, funding for this is going great, you guys might actually consider setting some small stretch goals, maybe at 102,500 and 105,000. I think reaching those and maybe higher will be feasible in the last 24 hours or so. doesn't have to be anything major, just something simple, like a side order of charred chipmunks with each dish of squirrel-in-a-stick. I see you guys work so hard and post so many update those days. This user's account has been deleted. read your mind... I'm telepathic after the great war I still think using IRC would be good, not just for this kickstarter but it would be good place to come up with suggestions, and general talk ... or lurk 24 hours a day in there :) Is there any new update today? 1 In-game Creature designed and named by you($450) a life size teddy bear and he will go by the name pedobear XD :/. I am watching the number keep increasing so quickly, what a beautiful thing! The world will not going to end, everybody will have happy and healthy life for long, especially our grateful squirrel!!! If characters are going to form relationships can some of them be same sex partners? The race that created that are extinct. Anyway, it doesn't say that the world end. it just doesn't say anything Men, already controlled the kitchen in past time. Women only cooked because the men were poor and had to go hunting for food, women only had the cleaning to do. That means,if we are all still pledged by the 21st,go up one level,by the way.. If we don't all die in a Mayan prophecy,I will hit the next tier and flout their apocalypse,then fart in the general direction.I sueggest all Fallout/X-com-Survival horror fans.do the same..Because if we can't rely on 1000 year old predictions about the death of a planet,I say we proudly stand up,fund our own Apocalypse,and celebrate the end of the world as we know it...by relaxing on the couch,in front of a screen,and killing every irradiated ,mutates,ravaging threat on our computers...oh,and get free stuff as well. @Photon Productions: <url>"thanks for your support". As i see who CR spotlight, i can guess my attempt wasn't successful at all..(well..i knew that before today). Hmmm FF is on spotlight of KS again So, Chris Roberts just sent an update to help some other kickstarter projects. I'm trying to coat tail on that over there. Trying to get some of the Star Citizen members. NOOOO! Someone removed his pledge! Do you have any kosher squirrels? I like my squirrels medium rare, and with extra nuts Do you have a special room for squirrels? If you believe the apocalypse will come true, pledge all your money so the apocalypse will come true on FF :) @Gandalf, oh yea! i guess so A day earlier, They could have said it's real life game/drama @Igor, like the freezing scenes from The Day After Tomorrow? @Cian LOL...I forgot that's that date. Well, it's the 21st when FF ends for me. actually 21st is doomsday 22nd is the finish date for this KS. Pppffttt... Come at me Apocolypse! I've seen worse lol, maybe, nukes will just freeze while flying towards us, so no bombs will blowup. its like flying into liquid nitrogen environment. Haoran we've got snow all over the place and its freezing cold, i nearly froze in my car today :( USD 7.50 isn't a lot to buy the game, either that or you could pledge more. *hint* take the latter option and get the game and more things :) $15 is the sole download price. It is not what we pay them for. We pledge them money to see this Game being released and being a great game. it is just that most smartly come up with incentives such as a copy of the game for free. Don't forget they are looking for the cash the fund to hire people to do various things in the game which they wouldn't be able to do without cash. Don't forget it's called a PLEDGE not buying a game. I'm happy for the beta alone because you get to test out the features and say what is good, bad and needs a little tweek. Btw door to door sales men have all but stops because a few of them were convicted for serial murders :). So travelling sales men have a bad streak now :) As backers, we are all in sales :) Long have I waited for this moment :D Locking out modding is the death of games. User-generated content is what really creates the community I think, because you get crazy and talented gamers willing to recreate the trench run on the Death Star in Doom and such. "Open sand box would have been really REALLY nice to play, but 200k. A non-linear style would be nice. instead of the boring linear mission to mission. Varient is the spice of life." Have to agree on this, linear is the death of games. RedRum, it's a UNLIMITED christmas gift per person :) This user's account has been deleted. Step right up...add-ons here...add-ons here...$10 Christmas gift surprise, $15 t-shirts, $15 for additional game...come on you know you want one. Open sand box would have been really REALLY nice to play, but 200k. A non-linear style would be nice. instead of the boring linear mission to mission. Varient is the spice of life. yo people! you should go to the last video on youtube to click "like" and comment it! there's only 2 comments! 80,8K??? Am I dreaming? i had a bad day, and when i come home, here you got 80k! best news for me during the whole day :) your updates are awesome. Long time no see fellow kickstarters, You know what time it is? ZERG TIME! :D So give all your money to photon production so they can make the game, come on you know they can make you a beautiful game ;) PP of FF, Is the Stress getting to you? :) Squirrels have a tail as well, multi-tasking ftw! :) And a tail too don't forget. More like dead squirrels. At the momen it's around 3-4 hours that they'll pledge an extra 1k, so they should reach the 100k mark. ATOMIC SQUIRRELS!!! @Photon Prod Update the home page. We are heading toward $90K !!! And add the Christmas gift box add-on there too :) the pledge is picking up but only barely will it pass the 100/110 mark I'd say unless you lot put a picture of a lazer beam kitten who shoots death rays out of his eyes!! j/k crap, again I forgot to add this in: "An additional copy of the game ($15) " This would mean that they lowered the cost of the game and we get it full version on release as far as I can see. Read the page it's got just about what we want. xmas box, is an unlimited addon and is classes as the rest. IE the FULL addon range This is just under 4 days, so it's around 5-6k needed per day. It's doable I just did as well. Also add the Xmas box add-on :) Probably stating the obvious, but you need to update that graphic on the home page in light of the $80k target reached Well, I sent some messages this morning around. Maybe a few people read them and came over to pledge :) Woohoo! 80K someone who probably thinks this will be a great game... Ok who increased their pledge to make me look stupid? (not that I mind, keep going!) 80K! lol no willpower eh? So close to $80k as well and 80k pledge :D 1K comments! and 999 and more! ok, enough with 5 minutes spaminator commencing operation! We held back so you would have to spam! whaaaat! I've been away for an hour and a half and only one more comment, gonna start spamming every 5 minutes now until we hit the 1k Spam and we're almost at 1k comments, if we havn't reached that by the time I get back from my meeting I'm gonna have to start spamming comments until we hit it :p over 2200 backers, good stuff, we're gonna do fine. 3 days 14 hours left. I'm gonna say we're going to be at least 85k, maybe close to 90k by the 48 hour mark. No problem hitting the goal after that. Seriously, there have been plenty of other games that have had a bigger gap at the 48 hour mark than we have right now, and they still got funded. I just hope people don't start slacking off or dropping pledges, that is the only thing that would stop us now FF is trending towards $92K... thats a good sign. Hopefully this picks up upped my pledge to $35, looks to be a fun game. a minor question on controls, will we be able to set it to 'aimulation' (simulation) where you just point and click to where your character should go or do? for when people like me just want to see what happens :) Soon, we will be over 1000 comments, 80k and 2200 backers :O i found the kick-a-thon video of FF <url>’s work together! I brought mine from $15 to $75 as this game looks like one this team can actually create. Doing what I can to help push it through. I also said he was looking like a panicked little squirrel xD but that's a show of affection ^^ being* I am eing nice to Linlin, i said he was cute :O I just upped my pledge by 10 dollars, I urge everybody else to do the same, this game looks awesome and it would very much suck if the kickstart fell through at the end... What would be awesome if it allowed for Co-op play (For example, someone can take control of one of your NPCS and use their gear, and you play together- working out what to do in missions or certain situations) Can u send me a Demo of the game I would play it to death lol the game looks Fantastic @Grufflehound: I asked the same question a while back, you DO get a copy of the game at that pledge level, without further payment. It means you can get the game for $15 instead of the launch price of $30... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Im currently experiencing some issues with the account used to pledged and good chance it wont get fix anytime soon. Is it possible for me to pledge abit sometime after the 22th? oh btw the way that unlimited christmas gift "addon" is a great idea to boost what we already have. Just checking the kicktraq. seems you've picked up <url>"invented" web browser. It is useful, but afaik not too many backers if any from it directly. However it does provide a channel where people can talk in ref to FF. I'm on quakenet.org. plus you can register channels so no-one can "steal" them. The best thing about IRC is it is free and it's realtime. :) That video update was pretty amazing, it would have definitely sold me on this game if I had never heard of this before. Do you guys use IRC? Excellent update and video. NOOOOO! We really have to get the word out now. Need to get that backer count up. Any word if total biscuit planned to cover or say anything about FF? After taking a better look I decided to join backing this project. Good luck for the last days! I would suggest making comments on posts to bring them to the for-front. Anywhere that there has been a post made, people should jump in and make comments to show that there is interest in the game For example <url>—don't have the time to read all the comments—but one of your fathers tries to make learning AIs, neuronal network on silicon, skynet?! and ofcourse <url>" yeah the more you eat the better the chance you will get eaten." sounds like another "thats what she said joke" :))) its from one of the funniest series out there "The Office" you guys should watch it after you develop this game for us :))) btw dawn im playing dragon age:origins again :-/ cuz of you Pan squirrel ? Screechers Cake ? Bushman marshmallows ? Hmmm, thinking about the choice between eating and being eaten, are any of the critters going to be edible? Zombie fritters perhaps? @Rob Crane, like the morlocks from The Time Machine? Welcome Kibokin, and indeed all new backers! post-apocalypse: check zombies: ummm....no idea? That's the Christmas spirit!Drink and Eat Less,get ready for the Apocalypse,cause those takeout foods will just slow you down,once the zombies come screaming for your blood..Remember the 1st rule of Zombieland-CARDIO.(Note,I know this is not a zombie game,but the Wasteland would undoubtedly be filled with Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers,so better safe than sorry) Just bumped up my pledge instead of ordering a takeaway tonight, shows that computer games can help you have a healthy lifestyle :) I would just like to remind everyone out tthere,that for just the price of an extra glass of eggnog,you could have an awesome game..so Come Cn,Celebrate Christmas with the Apocalypse you've been waiting for ,for a while now.And if you're not celbrating,why not have a beer,and celebrate Christmas with the death of an entire planet,filled with people who never gave you you half the toys you wanted for Christmas!Burn them in a pyre of Yuletide joy,and watch as their ashes fill the sky and choke Santa,that judgmental Fatman! postapocalyptic world: check zombies: check linux support: check Count me in! Find you? I never lost you....even though you were Forsaken...Still though ,I wouldn't let a little thing like that keep me away... Now I feel robbed to have missed out on a such a limited gamer experience.Damn I should have discovered this earlier,and Then pledged for the much higher tier....such is my lot in life....always the bridesmaid,never the bride.(sigh) good question?What IS the difference? What's the difference between the limited $15 tier and the regular one? And yet you make games...surely you can't be confused so easily as a primitive caveman LAWYER,unfrozen in your time,unfamiliar with all your fancy words and "com-pyoo-teers" oh nobody .....,I would never talk about that kind of pla...,I mean those types of...uh,not my ex girlfriend for sure... I see. Thanks for answering so quickly :) Fee for $75 dollars waived because it is smaller package-Thats what SHE said....... Hi, quick question: I just pledged $75 in order to get the boxed version of the game and I have noticed that, unlike other tiers that include physical rewards, it doesn’t feature the “Add $10 to ship outside the US” line. Is that intentional? You can definitely feel the Fallout/wasteland inspiration though..(plus Haoran say it himself on Kick-a-thon; Fallout was their inspiration). Nope, Rob they don't. I tried to talk to Obsidian but they didn't respond..only J.E Sawyer read my email and back the project (thanks Josh !). As for Brian Fargo..not sure if Haoran tried sending him an email..but i don't think he knows.. Wasteland... This of course is a stupid question,but all of the fallout,post apoc game sites ,Wateland2 etc. are aware of this right?I mean ,I heard about it through NMA,so everyone knows right? Just askin.. way out of here....damn edit. Yeah..Stratus a lot of echo. It was actually an attempt remake of Darth Vader XD Apparently the only way of of here is on a spaceship to another planet,or in av Vault to be sealed for a hundred years,but then how would anyone know about this project?I guess it would be Forsaken..... Hi to every new backers! Christian, Dante, Akana, Samuel ! :) Linlin was really panicked. Behind his glasses you can see him looking right and left to see if there is a way to get out of here lol. If we don't all die on the 21st,everyone should kick up to the next tier....Not that I believe that will really happen...(coughbullshitcough) One of the most interesting projects on this website :) BACKED!! I also hope we will get frequent updates (~8 months or so) to add new stuff :) Good luck to the creators. touch = tough... wish we could edit posts @creator, Ya the echo was touch to listen to, I actually skipped most of the interview because it was tough to listen to :( wish we can hit 77K today Forsaken Fortress made me join KickStarter, 50$ is given! Looks like a great concept! I have quiet confidence in this project. Enough to allow my frugal self to back you. Good luck! So funny :D You keep putting the mic, throwing it hahaha ! Haoran mic is in outer space ?! :P Watching the video *Linlin is so cute* And Haoran mic sucks so much lol The last days normally see a peak in pledges, especially with the 48h e-mail reminder. Yesterday we did 6500$ if we do that for 4 days straight we'll make it :O Agreed - Thumbs up to you both for having the balls to get in front of a camera and face the masses :) Jeez guys,stop worrying about your accents,the game will speak for itself,don't you think? Jumping on board, let's push it over! Great day! $80k target for tomorrow :) 72k... today was a good day I have been monitoring the hit rate at overclockers.com, we are approaching 1,000 hits. Its not huge, but there seems to be an increasing trend over time. Its a good sign It was nice to meet you both in person :) I don't mind about the accent. I'm not a native English speaker either so no problem for me. Even though we already learned a lot about the game through the comments on this page I found it still interesting and worth listening to. I hope it will bring new backers! I don't know if this is somewhere already, but here is a video from the Kick-a-thon. <url>"squirrel" i can give you that for sure :P There isn't a "lot" of game that offer to people to "actually" play a girl main character. Back then there was Fallout and Jagged Alliance, Baldur's Gate. You could create a female main character who wasn't a sidekick. Hahaha, yeah, he is a cute little squirrel :D Geez..Igor told me the same thing when i told him i played fallout..>_> (man's culture thing..). So close to 2000 backers, been a good day for pledges. Welcome everyone! not all of us are obsessed with squirrels, honest... Is the forum for the $35+ pledges? Or is the private discussion community going to be a sub-section of a forum? I think, indeed that salvery is a component of a post-apocalyptic world. Since it the reason of the fittest. And yes i am not a man :P. But it was funny to see you calling me dude and all xD. I didn't want to confuse you ^^ so if i pledge $30, I can get 2 copies of the PC version? I'm not sure I can select the reward twice the post apocalyptic world is always associated with slavery.. so i think you should discuss it and make a quest/mission omg slaves in FF? Dawn for 2$ hmm. she's worth more then that ;) Come on 2000 backers !! squirrel zombies Hahaha, yeah i know i am a real addition as a backer right ? :P "The grateful adventures of the forsaken squirrel".. Sounds interesting to me.. maybe it's a book you can find :) hmmm "squirrel shrine" on google image search does not wield anything interesting, it's time for someone to build it.. you know, because then they will come i am a believer! :) s/how/no so, how matter how forsaken this squirrel is, it's still grateful? RPG Maker VX Ace is out..(i want it..but i am keeping my wallet for FF..T_T). I actually started to have this terrible idea to make my own RPG :P You're lucky guys that i was late for your kick-a-thon from what 5 minutes maybe ? :P I still asked my question though , but it would have been better on live xD Thanks Malisane, i actually didn't ^^ Grateful squirrel ^^ Why not ? :P love the signature at the end of the latest update, wonder if Dawn has seen it yet..... You should create an order of cultist in the game following the cult of the Forsaken Squirrel :P I think, we're having this momentum thanks to the Forsaken squirrel effort XD. 71250 :) yo the movie was awesome. classics of fantasy to the fullest. battles, armor, dwarfs, goblins with herpes, gandalf, wraiths, spiders, orc vs dwarfs epic battle... it had everything. Any idea when the beta would be? 70,950. dream? Oi, for what it's worth I'm in with 15--maybe more in the next days depending on the tips I get at work for christmas. I found this project two days ago and thought it's somewhere between two other pc games I pledged for. Maybe that's why it's not funded now? But I like what I see and hope you will make it. Don't give up! —Frank p.s. I wish I had more money. :/ and here i see that you raised 1000 in 2 hours. things are going pretty good just got back from Hobbit :) it was magnificent Welcome aboard Malisane. Join the fun :) lol just backed the project and the first thing I read is that you've exposed yourself? Made me laugh! Woohoo...almost real time answers @Photon Prod. Well, whenever you get that captain diary photo updated you can add the add-on price too. Since that is missing on the home page here. tell us more about armor and weapons customization? are you guys planning to remake UI of the inventory and add more wearing slots? congrats on 70K people!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 30k more to go. yo this should be that Christmas miracle thing like in Hollywood movies. :) Glad to see 70K under the belt @Photon Productions Will you make the Captain's Diary with the FF logo on it? If so, what's the add-on cost for the Captain's Diary? :) Woohoo! $70k Someone should go to jblive.tv in the next hour and start advertising. jblive.tv is the Linux Action Show live broadcast. Its a good spot for dropping a link on a captive audience That's right and Sui Generis was not in US dollars which is really a lot more. FF is very possible. Just stay focused. We also don't want to lose the fact there are near misses too. The Alpha Colony missed by $38 which was so painful of a failed campaign. Well, 5 days before its ending Sui generis was..at 80k£ and asking for 150k.. Their last 4 days was 10k, 15k, 15K, 30k. At the end they finished at 160k. Believe me Stratus i was way more sure that Sui generis was gonna fail that FF. inching closer to 70K.... still a long way to go in 5 days. $6,000/day right before Christmas is a bit iffy Hardcore modders would be interested in being able to make new content such as maps, weapons, creatures etc. rather than in customisation that's part of the base game. I guess that moddability might be ambitious, particularly for a first release, but it would be interesting to know if the game design (specifically the way that item/map/creature data is stored) might support it at some point. A future stretch goal perhaps? Hahaha, if we see an atomic squirrel in the game as easter egg i think i am gonna die from laughing XD Come on $70k There is a customization part. Shoulder, armor, bootsif irememer correcty. There is also a main character,you start off by creating "your" character. Like in Jagged Alliance with particular traits and all. I don't want to go too far and speak in their behalf, but i think Haoran plan about FF is to make it moddable,Co-op and maybe online at some point. I thought I would update everyone in the status of the article over at overclockers.com ( <url>"Patent Trolls". Since there is NO simmilarity in the game concept no judge (in my country) would consider that a valid claim. so guys, what are you going to do with the name of the project when its released? or you plan to keep it up in Legend of Zelda's name :)) have you brainstormed with the team on a new name? I bet you would like $100k tomorrow...we all would :) Hopefully I wake up Sunday and see we are at $70k @Eric Don't understand. You add $15 to your pledge for a second copy of the game or are you asking something else? I'm willing to pledge for another PC version of this game, but I can't :/ Okay, if the world doesn't end on the 21st, I'll kick up to the next tier too. If the world DOES end on the 21st, I'll fund the entire project! This user's account has been deleted. If my squirrels are unbeatable i am gonna complain to Linlin master of all squirrels ^^ @Norsa We are gonna get funded but we'll probably have to wait the very end of the campaign for that. Statistic says that when a game get over 60% before entering it's last week it gets 98% of getting funded. Just fund this already people! ;) Hahaha, mine only ? :P "Did Forsaken Fortress pass already ? I had a question about the presence of atomic squirrel in their game..﻿" by ForsakenSquirrel88 :P I put a comment on the Kick-a-thon direct live now :P I am from Europa..i think i mix up the timing..T_T NOooooOOOoooOOOOo!! I missed my atomic squirrel question i even create that stupid youtube account for this purpose :S Come on i was online at 2:27PM and you guys were gone did you pass ?! :S You could set me up with a funny quote on FF. "If we see giant squirrel..i am outta of here". Or a character traits "Afraid of squirrels" :P Well, Rob i was going to do that up my pledge and pray that the world ends lol. End of the world?Dec. 22nd is the final pledge date..damn..Here I was counting on the true apocalypse happening so I wouldn't actually have to pay...tell ya what,I'll kick up to the next tier if we all don't die in a Mayan fireball on the 21st,and if the rest of you call yourselves fans of the apocalypse ,do the same..haha.. I have created a Youtube account just for that it's called "Forsaken Squirrel" XD Lot of things can happen in 6 days John. Gosh Maya have also announced the end of the workd to be soon.. So that's means really a lot lol. Man, I don't think it looks to good. 6 days left and only 2/3 funded. I have been spreading the word to other kickstarters I back hoping to rally some interest. I really want to see this game come out. Hmm, i can't promise that XD Haha, i am just impatient to see you guys on Kick-a-thon ^^ Ah, no it's Lim-lim ! <url>"pyio-pyio" Linlin was actually the name of the cute little pet you could bought on Planetscape Torment if i remember correctly , such a cute animal T_T. Cell-shading character. Why am i wrong ? v_v Haoran at one point pass the mic to Linlin and say "Linlin want to talk" lol. He is gonna freak out and start mumbling for sure ^^ Exactly! A little scared squirrel that love nuts ^^ I am impatient to see Linlin on Kick-a-thon on the picture of him he looks like a cute afraid little squirrel. I am gonna love seeing him panicking in front of those other creators ^^ LIke fallout 2 did..like it. But it was more focused on town/places and what happened to them after the character involvement than character by character..hmm does look a like what Suikoden is doing at the end of their game. I'd rather have the fallout version. With what happened to this town or group of raiders etc. If characters go their own way it would be nice to have a small word regarding what happens to each of them after the break-up. Like "Character 1" found another group of survivors and is now their leader, "Character 2" was ambushed by Raiders and is presumed dead, etc. Well you asked for a thought on the game and what I think about what I have seen so far. To be honest, I love what I have seen. I think many people here have commented correctly on some elements, (weapon fire , fires a bit more realistic etc) as far as my personal thoughts. I just love the aspect of defense/build/rpg/explore elements. The whole package makes the game. When it comes down to it, I see it as I start with just a few people like say in the series "Walking Dead" I end up with a few people to start and found a place to really defend. Basic items are supplied at start (stuff we probably came in with) and from there the story takes us to building a stronghold. After our first initial wave of nightmares, we realize we need to build up our supplies etc. I see this game going this rout (tell me if I am wrong here) but that's what I get from all the info you have provided. The question then becomes, what is the end game if anything? That really is my only concern. Will the end game be about finding the ultimate cure? Making the ultimate stronghold? Really when it comes down to it for me, I see the game having huge depth (the more items you have the more there is to do , IE Defensive structures, weapons, food more.) Being this is based on our world so to speak and fantasy, you can take it any way you like. For me then it comes right back to the end game. A cool end game could be what was said above, but then you could extended that even further, by going into political stances ,say you build up and build up another location etc, now your a mini nation, maybe you run into others that "have their own little part of the world" *(AI's that have their own stories) maybe you need to influence them to join you? Maybe they are a new threat, the goal being you take over your map fully under one banner. This would take weeks of gameplay, but then it would make the game have depth that would last. Finally you can twist the ends, with alliances or conquest, different story outcomes. Basically your base idea and what you have done is pretty dam cool. With maybe expansions and or ideas, this idea could flourish to a pretty big game and AAA title. I look forward to what you bring to the market. Upped my pledge by $20. I want to see y'all succeed. Your dedication is impressive. A week left to go..and really hoping you can get all the milestones,or upgrades or whatever.I love post apocalyptic games,and want to see another one done right.... yes, really touch my soul. genius The sound track is AWESOME! Cannot wait to try the game! Good job, guys! Love the soundtrack especially soundtrack number 2! keep it up guys, only 7 days to go. I would like to say that you have the best forum moderators cause you always answer my questions, than you guys! bah typos, suppose to se "My pledge is my dedication to your vision" :) but in anycase, it looks great and love the concept. keep it up! Just wanted to drop a note and say I like what I see and look forward to your development. My is my dedication to your vision, keep true! @Creator The interview you guys gave me finally worked its way through the system and got posted tonight <url>"glorious" rulers of current and past times. anyway, yea its mysterious and that's the best material for sci-fi writers IMHO. but in real life - there's nothing good about it.. what happened in Fukushima (Japan) is a similar to our tragedy, but still smaller. we've had a major kaboom here and wind and sh**ty weather, thousands dead, millions crippled. families ruined, lives made shorter, economy is still in a deep hole. that was real apocalypse nope. and i dont ever want to go there, i received my dose of radiation back in 1986, good that i have relatives in Moscow so we escaped the most hazardous period of radiation, but i was still exposed with it like most of the nation. that's why Stalker and Fallout and everything post-nuclear is very emotionally close for me and the rest of CIS (former USSR) what kind of show? where and when? Dawn_ im from Ukraine so i speak russian as 2nd native language. :) yes Leshyi is a folklore creature of forest. guess its kind of similiar to bigfoot Thanks for the pointer in any case Igor ^^ (nice to have such international community xD). Now that you say it Leshyi..does ring a bell.. I am no russian speaker Igor ^^ I barely can read their language..but i knew they had this kind of creature in their folklore. lesnik translates as forester its Leshyi not Leshak :))) Thanks gandalf ;) The russian version Leshak or Lesnik might fit better in a game though.. I wanted to give one name for the concept art (the forest giant). Leshy or Lesovik. <url>。 Let's fight to the last minutes wow, good team work!!! Team means: Together Everyone Achieve More $70K tomorrow! =) WOOHOO! 60K! @Creator I checked out the website today, its coming along nicely. The video on the main page has audio that is hard to hear though. Redubbing it could be helpful we can hit 60K soon today, and 70K in Sunday for sure. Go for it !!! Take my money! I know....I love it! Tricksters some can be...Nasties they are There could be another fortress that is setup for trading with other groups if they appear friendly enough. I can see it being like Mad Max at BarterTown. Check your weapons at the door before you enter. I think rival gangs, monsters, and zombies don't behave themselves very well in towns. Also, please make a recording/video of the kickathon interview and post it, I don't think i'll be able to tune in if it's on saturday. @Voinescu Marius Well, one of the reward tiers is to design a town and it's characteristics, however that could just be an abandonded town. I think it's more likely that you'll find scattered survivors in it rather than another community, although you might find a rival fortress somewhere Nice to know Great find Gandalf! We are very close to 60k now that's 60% of the goal, if we made it this close there is no reason we cant push hard and cross that finish line, in fact the idea of any race is that if you have committed past the half way point there is no reason to stop. I was curious about something, I did ask before but I did not get a reply will there be npc towns and villages, that may give your missions, followers or even trade ? What about trying to contact the Kick-a-thon guys (<url>#chart-daily There's definitely still a lot of new interest in this... we just need to spread the word further so more and more would pledge! We need a buggy (mad max attitude :p) ! guys, Never give up; this is great game, definitely will success. Agreed, I backed Sui Genereis which at one point looked like a nailed on certainty to fail but got funded. People where saying that of Sui Genereis, but then look how it turned out for them :D This user's account has been deleted. As soon as the guys will finish making the demo for Totall Biscuit all of his fans will rush over here begging to have there money taken :P Someone needs to alert the Dead State backers about this game. We gotta get the word out folks! Tell friends, inform others nicely about how assume this project sounds like, let's make it happen! Nice new video. Too bad you didn't have a scene where the jeep turns around and starts running the attackers over. Will the vehicle take a lot of damage from that? Oh no...the total is going the wrong way :( Well Norsa, you are a survivor, so don't give up! ;) <url>"stove table" :P I am not afraid of death, he is my brother, he walks with me where ever I go and takes only the souls of the fools who dare to cross me! He will only take me when I have vanquished all my foes and I am ready, and I am NOT ready! Well I was kidding about that. Not sure about a real save. @RedRum - should there be saved games...? Norsa, we had a discussion about character death on the forum. Come check it out! <url>"hung up" may be a problem. Any thoughts of ability to command individuals in any instances? 4. Both sides are lousy shots. 5. For me, it would "feel" more correct if both sides shot less but were better able to hit targets moving in the open. 6. Keep up the good work! This user's account has been deleted. and if the animal dies, there should be a negative hit on their secondary attributes for a short time And if the rooster gets too annoying...well, it's dinner time! Pets are a nice option, dogs can help not only guarding the base but fighting/hunting, cats can mantain food storages safe from pests (and both pets can be used to influence the moral of the survivors). And what about some small breedable animals to be used as food source, like chickens (or other birds like turkeys) or rabbits? A dog helping to fight is night. To help scout some but not mostly like it's unknown what they find. Food, another base, zombies, etc. Also, it would be nice for them to start barking as an early warming for an attack. Or maybe be able to run around drawing monsters and zombies to chase them, while your people can pick them off. A dog would be nice. Not just as a pet but maybe helping in fights as well... @Photon Produtions Sorry, guess I was taking finding animals as also having pet option. Guess I was making conclusions. @Photon Productions When we find animals in, like dogs, do we have the option to name them? Or is their name auto assigned? @ Marius. I only asked, Simon Roth, Corey Cole and Obsidian. I did wrote to J.E Sawyer because i couldn't reach Obsidian at all..I hope Corey Cole will make an update post before the end of FF campaign. He regurlarly do updates on games who deserves to be known. Only half the developers I sent word to even replyed but a good part of those did help out :) I only ask him to tweet the game ;). I guess he liked what he saw :) Thank you Josh ! Ok...+$15 more for me for a t-shirt. Good deal, I think. Hoping it's decent quality too :) Yes he read my email yesterday lol Ah, maybe it's from the message i wrote to J.E Sawyer..2 days ago.. Itching to play this game - couldn't resist doubling my pledge today, I think it's worth it! This project finishes at 6.35am for me - gonna have to get up to see it!! Oh and by the way Haoran I see you added me to steam very nice, can we chat over there just a minute or two or are you quite busy at this time? Sorry Haoran, didn't want to lose my cool back there but id like there comment page to be only positive don't want people just coming here to get the wrong idea. @Norsa, and other people like you, stop saying it will fail, IT WILL NOT! Il sell my parents car if i have to but this project will not fail! I have all my will that it WILL SUCCED! Will you guys continue working on this if the kick starter fails? ( really really hope you do) ;p @Grufflehound lol write the message to Brian Fargo! whats him to worry!? that people who like 2 games will not pay for 1 of them? i pledge for W2 and pledge for FF. don't stay focused on your fears and ethics when such a great project is at stake :) LOL This user's account has been deleted. Hopefully it won't slow down after yesterday. We need more pledges! Yes, Over it! Cheers!!! For team’s hard work, for all of our passion, for everyone who support this project!! Not only are we going to reach it, we will go over it! I do believe we can reach the target. Go for it! 55% achieved, nice! @Ekster: a $1 tier would explicitly tell them they can back for $1, though. I've read of several people who have been confused between the fact that pledged amounts and rewards are decoupled -- done it myself, when changing my pledge. 55k yes! I have added a little post about this game at the Paradox forums. Every little drop helps :o) I also have a thread on Stardocks Fallen Enchantress forums. This game HAVE to succeed I have and never will have doubt that this is a solid project, and it is only natural that some wealthy people with love for games saw it for just the same. Now we will just wait for the money to keep rolling in but there is still a bit more work to done :) Hey, Hopefully You guys can reach the goal! I would love to see this game come out and the fact that you implemented realistic principles like Maslow tops makes it that much better :). If anything make a FB page as well, It can help at least raise a bit of awareness. I know. Must have been one of those double take moments. Wish I had that kind of money to put down... Bet you're on cloud 9 right now. You're pretty much living my dream right now and I wish you all the luck in the world. holy crap, the fact that total biscuit is considering doing a spotlight for you is awesome. get that demo working and throw some videos at him showcasing the different aspects of your game. If he puts out a favorable video of this game you could easily get the rest of your funding in less than 48 hours WOW, him. the j.e. sawyer threw me. Yeah fallout is one of my favorite games J.E. Sawyer is one of the big names of Obsidian and before that, Black Isle Studio. Ever heard of a little game called Fallout? If so, you know his work. Psy: i feel like an idiot for asking...but who is J.E. Sawyer? And please pardon the cuss word. I apologize. I was a bit... stunned Holy shit. You just got backed by J.E. Sawyer... 'd like to strongly suggest that you email HIM for support. They've already hit their Kickstart goals and the fact is that at least in low level production like this, it's as much the love of the game as the love of the bottom line that drives people. The simple fact I believe is that many people who make these games make them because these are the kinds of games they like, the ones they want to play. You're of the same flavor so I say send them a message and hope for the best. The worst that can happen is that they say 'no'. The best that can happen is their approval can be what sends you over that magical number. Who knows, they might back you themselves! Honestly, I love this idea and I want to play it, and considering I'm even able to post in the comments you know I'm willing to back that statement up with dollar signs. Send them the link! Kill 'em dead! :D did someone just pledge 5000? Wow...just a big jump...woohoo passed $50k!!!!!! I started at the $25 tier and have been steadily increasing my pledge the more i find out about the game :) I agree with psycko to try to advertise on the wasteland 2 forums Might be a good idea to advertise this on the Double Bear (Dead State) and Wasteland 2 forums... this is very similar to those. Honestly, it almost is like Dead State: Post Nuclear edition, which kinda rules. this game looks so good! @Photon : Don't know if someone already suggested this, but what about a Reddit IAmA? Many KSers had used this option to attract more backers @ekster: maybe is interesting to have the option for new arrivals to KS who don't know it's possible to pledge a value different from the tiers (or need a reward incentive to pledge, but in this case the text can be the obvious "have access to backers-only updates") Yes, We can make it happend. There doesn't need to be a $1 reward for someone to make a $1 pledge and comment. Anyone who wishes can pledge the dollar at any time. That's why I'm puzzled about the lack of a $1 pledge, it would lower the barrier for people to come on board, ask questions here, receive updates, generally engage with the project, and maybe up that $1 in the last couple of days. Yes, hopefully we can expect a surge of cash in the last 48 hours. Last minute pledgers and previous pledgers adding to their pledges to get more goodies and helping the project cross the finish line... This user's account has been deleted. Great news about TB, Maia's campaign received a big boost in pledges because one of TB's videos. Approaching $49k :) AMEN! About people not pledging because they lack info on functionality: maybe the lack of a $1 pledge level isn't helping here. thanks for the answer, YES !! that's the best answer i could've expected i like this game more and more every update, and now with this traveling system its gonna be straight up BANANAS! :))) btw, Rob has unveiled a really interesting thing, there's people who are watching this project but dont back it up due to lack of information on functionality.. maybe you guys should use this tip ;) playable demo! i WANT THAT! i was wondering will there be an update about map traveling? how do you plan to implement it? would it be similiar to The Fall: last days of gaia when you travel from small map level to another, or will it be similiar to Fallout when you can travel the map virtually and have random encounters? will there be camping? DUDE hes the biggest game reporter there is, the Cynical brit as he is refered to is the most popular reviewer there is! This user's account has been deleted. :OOOOOOOO NUFF SAYD! @Grufflehound You could've heard it from somewhere probably, I do use this nickname everywhere and usually hang around in forums and play mostly RPGs and FPS ... though I've never heard of Travian. Lately I've been around mostly in BG:EE and Planetside 2 :p And the pledges are growing, but we need more! I want to see more than 50K before the end of the day! Wooot :o That is awsome :D I gotta say out of the add-ons i am definitely liking that photo frame. I got tons of T-shirts and stuff but I'm pretty short on cool photo frames, adding that tonight. Here is one new backer :) I have been watching this kickstarter for a while and decided not to pledge initially due to the lack of a pause option during combat. Having watched the latest update videa and seen that time stops when orders are chosen, I am in. If the combat system was tweaked to allow individual units to be given orders, I would increase my pledge as this game would then be awesome! I agree Igor its so slow right now. If I knew where to find Totall Biscuit id drag him by the hand to come and sponsor the game. where are new backers!?!?!?! 47k is so ..... not good This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I would really like to get the collectors edition, but I shouldn't right now. It looks so awesome though! INDEED! The better question is why haven't we gone over $50k already! HOURS :P 4 gours since the last comment? WHY! This user's account has been deleted. For me, the sim aspect of the game is what appeals the most to me so i hope it will be as robust as ive been led to believe in the videos sofar. However i agree that games like The Sims take it to far with their mood needing attention way to often (their happy meeter goes down really fast) So a compromise would be not to remove features but make the stats change more slowly (faster if on harder difficulties maybe?) So the people who dont like simulation stuff dont have to worry overly much about it and can play the game more like a straight up tower defence (Personally i dont like straight up TD at all, so heres to hoping for variation) ^^ Doubling my pledge to the 150,- Level. Can't have negative numbers show up on Kicktraq. Exemplary Updates, Add-Ons and Feedback on your part! The Game has a solid look to it too and I am confident that it will rock if we push enough money into it. Just as a reminder, the forum to discuss ideas, suggestions about the game is here: <url>#16/e=1f7176 here people just post ideas and all the others who are registered on google account can vote for the best ideas. all you have to do is write a vision document and take the best ideas which can be developed given the time and resources you have. also Haoran I'm still waiting for you in steam to talk on that inventory UI issue... @ Dawn_ way to go! think its a good quest idea Haoran we are actually doing much better then Sui Generis the only got to half there goal in the last 6 days and finished in the last day we got a better chance of getting a small stretch goal :D This user's account has been deleted. @Haoran Actually i spoke w/ Igor..and i wanted to propose a quest.. So, i noticed that in the video there isn't one kid. I thought..having a kid in the team is also a message of hope and represent the future in a apocalyptic world. So, i thought about a story of a child who after the apocalypse as become wild. As you encounter him several times in the wasteland. He might hurt you, lead you to a trap or to ennemies. At some point you'll be able to follow him or not. If you do..you'll discover that he lives alone in a cave with his parents dead bones next to him. He brings them food and didn't realize they had died. You can then try to recruit him. As a kid he can obviously not fight. But leaving alone he knows the world like no one else. Where to find raws material, where to go to avoid ennemies, what you missed on previous place you visited. Secret Storage. He could also be sent as a scout to find object or blueprint and info. Well here is my 2 cents :P. Thanks Igo for telling me it was a good idea and i should propose it :P "praying for a Sui Generis miracle" That race proved that anything is possible :D This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Nice game and Linux version. backed! This user's account has been deleted. Thought I'd share some blog love for Forsaken Fortress :) <url>’s make it happened. SURELY this project will get it's funding. SURELY. Still hoping for the $230,000 stretch goal... just found this project today and it looks awesome :) I just posted the second part to the first story arc im writing in the FF universe, every one is welcome to give feedback on it, hope you guys like it :) its on the story thread in the forum. There is a lot of comment in greenlight steam. But i am not sure that everyone understood that it was a KS project.. Created a entry in GOG's wishlist for who wants to vote: <url>"I love forsaken-fortress" XD Grufflehound -you are so aggressive, I love it wish they can do it This user's account has been deleted. wow, good job guys! Next milestone is 50K, two days target 40K! We will break 40k today for sure, go for it! Well done you guys, Can't wait to see it! We need an update to celebrate the 1000th backers ;). It be nice if it could go along breaking the 40K..But it seems we will break 40k before the1000 backers :O @Kenok That's what I was thinking. @Marius My Eyyyeesss..!! :P I am trying to reach Obsidian and guys in the Obsidian Forum about this game..hopefully it will get us some backers ;). It'll be a shame if a RPG on a post-apocalyptic world doesn't interest any of those Fallout big fans (which i am too xD) I just posted a few ideas I had on the forum every one is welcome to read them and give some feedback :D id like to make a star ship trooper mod for this game x) This user's account has been deleted. @Norsa I can't blame you. I didn't notice the badge on their KS homepage..(while i've read watch the whole thing dozen of times..)myself too.. <url>"kicking it forward" initiative. It was put forward by the creator of Wasteland 2 Brian where they promise to give 5% of their profits (after the game goes on sale) back into kickstarter. There are several who have signed up on this, and they are all listed on this page: <url>#4 @ <url>"n" somewhere ?^^ The Game looks really promissing. Especially the artwork and character design is gorgeous. Just needs a bit of a publicity push to get enough attention for stretch goals. I just noticed it - more by accident - through Kicktraq. Maybe it is because a new video is coming ;) I just stumbled on this: <url>"Lili Marlene" is, of course, but that particular rendition was rather up-beat, shall we say. Harmonica sounds good in this kind of setting! I play Harmonica, as well as Violon. So my opinion is biased on this matter. But harmonica was played during war and it does fits the contest. Well, i might not be the best candidates for speaking about music lol (my taste in music are..i like classic, jazz..and that's probably it lol). @Dawn_: "Something like that <url>…" An explanation of why the fortress was forsaken, right? ;-) Something like that <url>#! For the music can i propose something stupid ? :P I've seen in your demo people gatheriing around a self-made camp of fortune and playing guitar. I thought how not put an Harmonica/guitar piece of work here ? This kind of setting remind me of image during world war 2 or during western..when guys where playing harmonica around a fire ;). Sounds stupid but when i see the video the music i immediately thought was including harmonica lol. Glad to hear it! I've just gone up to $35, the music sample persuaded me that the MP3 soundtrack will be worth it and then it seemed a shame not to go the extra ten to get the world map... :-) Don't worry, this will hit the target And in the end man's greed was only matched by his determination and force of will, and no one, even god almighty could dispute there was still goodness in him, and whatever man's fate would be he would accept and relish the challenges laid before him. np :). It only shows how bad i want to play this game ^^ Off to spread the word. Hopefully it'll help some. @ Grufflehound Well i honestly hope more do because it is a special project. And they had better do it before xmas because not to many people will still have money then! Yes, a project like this (not having any big established names behind it) is more likely to have a slow build, however once people watch the video there's a good chance they will turn into backers, I mean the game is clearly quite advanced already, and the melding of genres being done here should have a broad appeal. Plus, the short music snippet they have on the main page sounds excellent! This user's account has been deleted. Just noticed this and added my support. This game sounds awesome so far! :) For TotalBiscuit he does seem to be interested only into big project like PE or SC..in KS. He did made a pitch for Maia, but Simon Roth is quite also an iconic figure.. In any case he seems to be attracted by what already shine. Not by interesting project. I don't know Angryjoe..(googling it). I am very aggravated that people are to lazy to tell more people about the project, or at least to back early, about half the people interested in a project wait till the end to donate to it, me for example I try all the time to see who I might know and tell them about it, so they can back to if every one would do that the project would be clear of its main goal by now. More so internet personalities like TotalBiscuit or Angry Joe, they don't bother about these until later to, if they would at least make a post on Facebook or twitter loads of fans who follow them would jump on it instantly @Marius I can understand that. I can see it being successful but not by a large margin. Probably 105k or 110k. We'll probably have to wait through the last day to get funded..too..(stressful thing../pats Haoran). I kind of sold this project lol (i told Obsidian "look it's a fallout spiritual successor..! And to Simon Roth that Maia and Forsaken Fortress have the same tiype of Social management and that more games like that are always a good thing for players). Hopefully, they'll say a word about this project! @Dawn we appreciate your contribution really well done, and also mate I always keep a positive and open mind when i back a project, unless the developers have the before mentioned characteristics i don't back them. Plus the project its self is very interesting and demands a bit more interest, I'm not worried it will be successful, I'm worried it wont be successful enough. I have sent emails to Obsidian, Corey Cole and Simon Roth. To see if they could bring their support. A word from them could get us thousand of backers. @Marius You know this project seems to be going smoothly imo. In the last 2/3 days we did 10k. If we are over 50% before the last week i am sure it'll be easy as pie. @Haoran I know what you mean about the forum. I am myself in charge of several forum (some with more than 300k individual in it some w/ only 20 lol). Usually this kind of design is the standard (black and red). That or either Blue and white. Plus let's be fair i don't think redoing the forum design is your priority atm :p I have no idea how TotalBiscuit and Angry Joe got so popular but I wish they would give a shout out to all good kickstarter games including this one This user's account has been deleted. Yes and that is a VERY good excuse not to try make a post or two, and i guess every one else has that excuse to. @Haoran np :). Love the game, can't wait to have more info <3 @Marius I have to say that the black board (for the forum) and red name kind of kill my eyes >_< And why cant more people join the forum makes no sense I'm 100% sure that they will make there funding goal, the key is to make more then enough so the game will be better, so that's why we need to get more people interested in the project. @Voinescu: Thanks, it took a while to start showing. Anybody who wants to copy it, please feel free -- I think that cross-promotion on other KS forums could win a lot of backers, though as you say media coverage is key. @Thomas yes it does show up and it looks good, well done :) what we need right now is a lot more media coverage How about some "I backed Limit Theory" style avatars for people to download, thus gaining non-spammy exposure in other KS forums? I've tried making one, not sure if it's showing up though and I daresay your digital painter could do a better job! It's actually a bit like X-com..except that the character here have a personality..that you'll have to deal w/.. But, i don't like the Sims reference, personally. I'd rather say that the Social Management is more inspired of Dungeon Keeper (you need to make your minions happy). But here troops/character have a personality that you'll have to manage w/. Jagged Alliance (which is also one on my favorite game..). Had a bit of moral social interactivity. W/ people that couldn't stand each others..i don't know never played the Sims..but you'll haveto create your base on this game..and manage its facilities underground. So you'll have to manage troop moral and the fight. @Kaeroku At first they said their inspiration was Jagged Alliance. Also a bit the Sims (even if i think that it is a terrible way to put it..). Because of the need to "manage" your troop moral by proposing activities..(for example having hot water available on a shower..is a real boost in moral, imo lol). But you could say that Jagged Alliance inspired the whole Tactical side; troop management. Sims inspired the whole Social management. Finally Fallout probably inspired the Background/Universe. @Photon Sorry for double post, but wanted to comment on a serious note: I'm looking at all of the information on this so far, and the game looks to be a mix between Jagged Alliance and The Walking Dead (or Fallout 1/2.) The impression is why I decided to back - Jagged Alliance was one of my favorite games, and until recently nobody else did squad combat and very few do it as well. Can you speak to your inspiration, and which sources you see as applicable to your vision for the game? @Photon pfft, check out Iceland. 1000 years of Viking conquest of the Northwest coast of Europe and retreat to their homeland with the spoils don't lie! @RedRum You said it, not me ;) (My name has changed.) I really hope this happens. I really love the concept of this game and hopes it becomes a reality. Just backed this, because it looks right up my street. I have to say I found the multiple $15 pledges confusing though, they seem to do the same thing (?) @Jared Funny...I bet you are hoping for a mature rating on this or an option in the settings. Make the barracks, off time, and morale boosting more interesting ;) I for one am completely okay with 100% attractive women in the final release. It's a survival-based Wasteland, right? Darwin's laws apply. Attractiveness as well as survival savvy and child-bearing hips are the traits which would self-select, so naturally they're all going to be hott. Sorry ugly chicks, you can play this game, but it's not going to feature you. Hello every one I'm knight Marius and im here to tell you that this project will be a great succes, all you need to do is take heart the minds behind this project have everything it takes to make something truely wonderous :) if you will trust them with your money they will not disapoint you trust me! I know that you are working on this, but just to emphasize that doing updates (and perhaps more timely as activity increases), will help build momentum, which is really need for this project to succeed. Forsaken Fortress appears in "Popular This Week" in the Games category. Let's hope it will attract new people... This game looks great. This is about everything mashed up into one game that i love in individual games. (Tactical battles, base building, rpg) I would love to see a pause option like mentioned below but that could not stop me from backing this project. On board due to the publicity vv It would be good if we could make staff pick or popular this week.. i am posting here and there on KS to do a bit of publicity..(lot of people back up project by looking over the discover great project page..) Sincerely, if we make like 50% of the fund needed for the game before the last week (or close). We will do it. Thanks, Haoran ;). I am thinking about the character i want to make, so i need more info :P @Haoran Could you explain us on a further update..what will be the attributes available on the characters ? Also showing us various traits we could have (like hot-blooded, coward,depressive,..) I am thinking to increase my pledge from 100$ to 750$ before the end of the campaign, but i'd like more info toward the creation of characters.. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Really hope your project gets its funding, this game sounds like it could be a lot of fun. This game looks like an amazing production. Sponsored you guys on Facebook, hope that might help you out. Looking forward to seeing the final game. Good luck guys! Looks great. Good luck guys and gals! @Photon Productions Do you have a google + page? Would love to +1 you guys Hello every one, new to Forsaken I had pledge $35 and I am willing to pledge more, maybe this issue has been solved but I see the graphics, and I think they are to bad, hope that this graphics are only a prototype. Love the concept of the game! @Manimal, TB is away at a big game tourney this weekend. @photon productions. You could trying contacting other members of the TGS <url>"race", and it's been like that for a while. There are a bunch of other things that are more important, but it would be weird if everyone was white. Especially if it's taking place in U.S territory. I don't think you have to have cultural diversity. The people I have talked to just wanted different races for the character portraits. For all we know Forsaken Fortress takes place in the former US everyone would have the same basic culture. Or since survival is supreme, needs get stripped down to the basics, "cultural" stuff goes out the window given the extremity of the situation. FYI, I have also read that people want more racially diverse character types, not just "white folk" :) A comment I am hearing from a number of people on the bubble about contributing is this: How "tactical" can the combat be given that it is RT? Can you pause and issue orders? How can you really position your troops or give orders given the frantic appearance of combat? How can you adequately monitor unit health and move it back for protection/healing in the middle of a frantic firefight? I think you need some further description of exactly how combat would work. I am in. Sounds like just the thing for me. Hope it succeeds. Will mention it on Stardocks forums. Serious gamers there. Everyone get onto the forums and start contributing. It's easier than finding someones suggestion by scanning 10000+ comments. Something that has confused me a little bit is that you said the main goal is to get off the planet. Will this be sorta like in L4D when you play a game for a few hours and then escape, or will this be a longer more story focused thing? fishing? In a post apocalyptic world? More like the fish will crawl out of their radioactive ponds and try and catch you! No train? Aww, bugger! How about fishing? I like me some fishin'! Eventhough the project can still make it (I've seen stranger things happen on KS) it is an option (perhaps better?) to cancel this project early and relaunch a revamped one with more PR/coverage soon/the next time. Perhaps have some more footage/images/"final" stuff (even if pre alpha/beta). Have 1/2 English able people handle the KS as much as possible and persue interviews etc. Then also contact or try to the usual famous youtube/tweet people. Just read your marketing update. I've already spread the word to the game group I'm a part of. It's good to hear you got some interviews lined up, More attention = more backers and more backers means this game gets featured higher on the kickstarter site which = more attention. Be sure to let us know when the interviews go live so we can direct traffic to them as well, some people take more interest in a game if they see it in other media because that means it was interesting enough for someone to actually do an article/video on it. Be wary of feature creep. A lot of good ideas are floating around here, but you'll have to distill a few core mechanics out of those. Just read an article on simple vs bloated design. Chances are the more mechanics you have, the worse they work together. The article discusses xcom and unity of command: <url>"agriculture" should do the trick for both. I agree Nestor w/ you. The thing is domestication is the next step after hunting. If you were in a post-apocalyptic earth in order to survive you'll have to start growing your food and your animals. It isn't logical to do one and not the other, but that's a game. If they can't, they can't. As for animations..well petting the dog, throwing grain for chicken/pigs/cattles and digging for growing food. Diversification of food should also be a mood element and a recovering/health factor. Just a quick recommendation here. I'm loving how this game is getting more attention and all the suggestions people are bringing up in the comments. However, don't try and add in every little thing people want. You have the basic concept and foundation of your game set and that's awesome. Build on that with ideas you know you can make happen in a feasible amount of time. For stuff that sounds cool and you would like to add but do not currently have planned out (domesticating animals for example). Start putting that stuff up as stretch goals or something to work on down the line. But the most important thing is to make sure the core game is solid, I've seen a lot of games that promised so much, and tried to impliment so much, but in the end everything was half baked and it really hurt the game in the long run, Age of Conan is probably the game that stands out most in my mind as an example of that. Photon Productions: "Other parties or beasts are just like the player's party, they go after the prey, they need shelter, etc." Hey guys, saw this and thought, will we be able to raid another parties shelter, steal their cool plasma tv to entertain our own guys? Maybe there are some automated turrets we can only get from deconstructing their own base? And can we change our base of operations to one we just cleared of enemies or have two bases? Maybe having more bases increases party size? Just some thoughts Ah, also you could create plasma (regeneration over time), antidote (against spiders); Btw a good easter egg would be to add a character named Haoran an ex-programmer of a video games company with good intellect and good w/ computers :P The domestication idea is an interesting concept, but it could easily grow into a huge time sink development wise. This is especially true if you have unique character animations and behaviors around the creatures. I personally think hunting should remain the main resource, especially its already partly in the works. Plus, its much easier to tie hunting into the already in the works combat system. Not saying it shouldn't be done, if the devs can squeeze it in without sacrificing core-gameplay then more power to them. Also, i' d like to throw another concept in: The Lab, with ressources and corpse that you'll analyze. You'd be able to create new kind of drugs/power-up. Like creating steroids, meds, tranquilizer (that then you could use on weapons like in Jagged Alliance). Well, i like love bump idea about domesticate creatures.. And it is also a really important thing for food. First of all even if it is a post-apocalyptic game if human are alive. You may also find cattle pigs, chicken. Having in your base en environnement where you can make them grow and reproduce themselves is one of the first step toward survival. As for wild creature, how to domesticate them. I think first hand you'll need a med to capture it. Close combat, blunt weapon and shot (tranquilizer). Then you could put them in another kind of facility (almost the same that for chicken etc..) and the ability used for it would be the same (petting). For the animation, you could make a NPC entering the field (facility); petting a wild dog, giving them food (like you'd give a carrot to a horse) and that's probably it. But, i don't see every creatures being able to be captured and domesticate (like spiders or those sort of zombies..). Oh yes. I also wanted to say that I LOVE the art. Very reminiscent of 80s post-apocalypse movies. I have no problem with clean looking, beautiful people, maybe with a smudge of dirt or two. Let's face it ... if the point was hyper-realism ... 20 guys building a spaceship from scavenged materials ... the whole game would have to be canned. It's OK for it to be science fiction. LOVE this concept. I joined as a backer immediately. Best wishes for success with this project. Please get a native English speaker to proofread the main page. There's a lot of good information there, but the grammar and spelling mistakes are embarrassing ... the mistakes may do a lot of damage to the credibility of the project and harm funding. I hope this suggestion helps. not sure how exactly maybe you can run across survivors in the wild who have managed to do this and player can recruit them and then they do it for you? or perhaps the player must capture a male and female have them breed and then expose them to trainers, beastlings would be easier to tame than mature beasts. Hey, hey!, Linux, commercial grade game, DRM free! You got my vote here! Yes!! hi guys a new idea popped into my head today. Please correct me if you already have this feature. Why don't you add some parasites? They should be small, fast but easy to kill. If the player is hit by one they have a random chance that they will be infected. When infected the player will lose control over the character and they will go rampaging. It is another random chance that the player's team can capture the player and give the player a antidote. If they are not sucssesful than the player will lose and the game is over. You should also add infected rival squads that attack you. If some AL teamates are infected than you have to try to capture them with out killing them and giving them an antidote. Just a idea, reply is you thinks its a good idea. :) if you do decide to go ahead with it do in such a way as risk reward not all creatures are able to be domesticated some are more susceptible to domestication than others, attempts to domesticate will not always succeed failures can result in injuries and or death to the trainers but success gets you guards dogs for base defence and some can also be taken out with you while exploring. they can also be used as a trade resource with friendly settlements. i meant to write domesticate the wild creatures so there no longer wild then use as guard dogs i forgot to put ship after the word space i like it. now about ending how about we could choose to build some sort of terraformer instead of a space save the earth instead of leaving it? also could we be able to domestic wild creatures for food and use some of them as guard and attack dogs? how do you gain new party members do they wander in from the wasteland, do you come across them while out on excursions ? or both perhaps? Would it be possible to make the world procedurally generated? I imagine it would increase the re-playability to have the world be different each play-though. I seriously hope this gets funded. The concept video,while rough around the edges, definitely looked interesting. Good hunting! I like the concept and really hope that the funding will be successful! I agree with some of the comments regarding character looks. There is no issue with the graphics quality just that it feels a bit out of place. At least introduce more variety, and why not some old couple or kids and pets. Not just Army veterans and top models ;) As far as I'm concerned Zombies are fine. Hordes of mindless enemies that are coming at you (at your brain and guts) is terrifying. I wouldn't depart too much from the classical depiction of the Zombies. If you have the capability to introduce other enemies (in addition of rival bands of survivors) that's fine. Then you can have mutants with a different behavior and different goals (such as trying to abduct female survivors for breeding). You can have also cultists (something we could expect in a post-apocalyptic world) or mad scientists, etc. But most important of course is to spend quite some time on your marketing. Right now it takes people like me that browse towns of projects (and use keywords such as RPG) to find you. Once your project is better known the numbers are going to grow pretty fast. Add material to your Facebook account. Each time it is an opportunity to get "likes". And of course get in touch with the various blogs and game sites as suggested before. You'll make it, I'm confident! All in all..it's the first game i've backed up in KS (and it's my +20 in 2 months only of activity..) that i really look forward to play. I'll hope you give us more info on the interaction and more concept art (i love your art XD). I like the gameplay, i like the background, the management, etc..all in all it's really a game i want to play. But, there is 2 things i hope you guys will improve in it. First, Jagged Alliance meet Sims is a terrible pitch for me. I love Jagged Alliance (one of my favorite game of all time). But, i think that compare your game which have a real value with something like Sims.. I'd rather say that your game is a mix of fallout and Jagged Alliance that does seem more accurate to me. Second thing, the fact that every character looks like Ken & Barbie does bother me a bit. I think that because you guys have a lot of Asian influence in your team..aesthetic in asian game are really something put in front line. Don't get me wrong they really have a sense of art and are doing wonderful job that i love. But in a post-apocalyptic game you'd expect to see some nasty villainous character with a kind of face that make you think..he/she was a descendant of frankenstein. Well, I don't feel as strongly about it as he does, but Grunker did point out a flaw in the character models. This is a post-apocalyptic game, having some blemishes/dirt/scars on the faces of some of the characters(females included) would add to the immersion and make the characters seem like they had a past. Also, seems like the characters are all 25-years-olds that hail from an even more homogenous Sweden. Some more diversity would be nice. Also, will there be individualized party members? Could make for some interesting ideas. Maybe there's an old, gruff character who can't fight much, but positively impacts moral and is a solid support unit. Maybe you have a horridly disfigured character that is a mean fighter, but makes the party unease, hence lowering moral. Or a weak, young character with bad initial stats but fast growth. Overall, I do like the quality in the models and it seems like you are solid on quantity. I'm just an enthusiastic backer throwing my 2 cents around. Oh, what the hell ! I was holding back because of the real time gameplay without pause, but this game looks sweet and I just can't resist anything that has the words isometric, RPG and futuristic. Good luck ! Though you should know that kicking-it-forward don't consist in investing 5% of the amount you raised on Kickstarter, but 5% of your futur gain once you sold this game. You should edit your project page accordingly :) In regards to having multiple endings, how about something more groundbased, like finding a way to "clean the earth", or laying the foundation for building a big "sanctuary", As much as i like space ships, i would rather stay and fight for whats mine, instead of just running away. And also for defensive/morale purposes, how about being able to "tame" some of the mutants? Like making mutant farms and having them fight for you, or even be pets/food. Would like to have my own big super spider. So this game looks pretty sweet, and I donated of course, but I also like that from this game I learned a central fact about the zombie-ridden dystopian future: There, all men are gruff, buff soldier-type serious business guys, while the only surviving women were participants in America's Top Model, and the building in which that show was filmed is your base. Very little textile fabric of any kind survived, so face with something as horrible as a zombie-apocalypse, these women sadly have no other choice than dress as much as **** as they possible can. This serves two purposes: To save materials that can be better used for bandages, and to encourage the surviving men to work harder. There is little time for working out, too, so although bodily strength and fortitude might be important in the harsh reality of zombie invasion, only the men have time to work out. In the mean-time, the women gossip and put on make-up. Two central necessities in the face of zombie horrors, naturally! In the end, it is just a silly video games. And of course, silly video games don't reinforce stereotypes, right? Right..? @Luke '95? Really? I don't know what games you were playing in '95.. >.> I'd put it more like '00-'05 for graphics quality, which from a very small team on a pre-alpha? That's acceptable. Same goes for the animations. In game development, fine tuning graphics and textures comes later- especially when you consider they're trying to get it funded still, it is possible they need the money to get better software or at least pay their artist to put a lot more time in. Unless I miss my guess, what they show in the video is more of a 'proof of concept' phase, early engine build, with low-res graphics and oversimplified animations. It shows people what they want to do, shows people that they have the basics down (engine, game concept, general aesthetic, etc.) and now they can try to get the money to be able to put the time (and possibly resources) in to finishing up the game and polishing it up nice and pretty for the people who think good graphics = good game. >.> Looks amazing, not enough games like this are coming out these days. If the kickstarter is successful, will we see this on steam? @Josiah Yeah but the graphics look like a game form 1995! It like the people are made from paper. You need some graphics at least at the level of Tomb Raider Legend. That is the minimum bar. Also, when the people fire their like sticks, the whole body is vertical than it goes 45 degrees back, and this is while the body is still dead straight. Like i said, have a shoot around with some real guns similar to the ones you have in your game and find some people who have a similar figure to your characters. yes, funding has definitely gone up in the past couple days, I think people are hearing about this just due to word of mouth, I'm part of a pretty active gaming group and I made a post in our forums, directing some people here. The more people that know about a project the better. Maia, the other project I mentioned a while back, was 30k short of their goal a little over a day ago, now they are 26k PAST their goal, all thanks to a spotlight and endorsement by TotalBuiscuit. Just one video like that from any major youtube channel would get this game funded in just a couple of days. In other news, one question I do have is, will this game be story driven or more sandbox? Will we have a time limit in some way (like after 30 days in game we get hit by some final wave of bad guys which finishes the game) or will we be able to continue building and scavaging more or less endlessly? or at least until we've built everything that can be built? just as a matter of interest have you or any other members of the team made any other games before? This is really gaining momentum now. Daily pledges have increased each day. Today's pledges are double than yesterday's: <url>#chart-daily I am mildly optimistic you will make it :) This reminded me a good bit of Dead State at first glance, I'm eagerly waiting for that and hopefully I'll be doing the same for Forsaken Fortress too. I do think you lost a few days starting so close to Thanksgiving when most people likely aren't swinging by Kickerstarter, but with some more exposure things should take off as having a working demo on top of a solid plan really moves the needle. Also since a few people made comments about the female characters looking too sexy to fit the theme I happened to like them. There's nothing wrong with looking good so long as you're still capable with a gun and useful on the field. anyone aside from rambo trying to fire a .50 cal without a weapon mount is going to get knocked on their ass lol, but that's the amazing thing about video games, you can ignore the little details Someone who doesn't have any real gun skills should get knocked on their arse if they try to fire a .50 cal standing up. ;) @Luke: Bear in mind this is pre-Alpha, that means that graphics may just be placeholder and animations are just kinda slapped together for the 'feel-ish'. Additionally, depending on the skill, size, and strength of the shooter, the caliber of the firearm, and the stance they're shooting from, some shooters do react the the recoil with their entire body. What would be interesting to see, is the physics of the game providing recoil numbers based off every caliber of weapon, and the skill of the wielder would have a modifier that would lower the effective recoil (as would crouching or going prone). >.> Hi guys. I had a look at your video and with a little improvement this game could take the world by storm! I mean seriously! I'm a experinced gamer and I've never seen a game quite like this before. You have a very unique style of gameplay. You've got heaps of aspects of gameplay. What you need to improve is the enemies you've got. Try something more complicated than zombies. Maybe undead soldiers that have been parasited and guys with swords. Also you should add some tanks or vehicles into the game. My last criticism is the grahics and charater motion. These grahics are, no offense, not acceptable. When you characters fire their guns you need to make their hands and arms jerk, not the whole body. I'd suggest you fire some guns for real and see what happens. Overall, a very awesome game. Cna't wait for it to be launched! After following Project Eternity, fairly closely, one thing I thought that was neat for them was unofficial stretch goals reltaed to social media. If you get X numbers of Google +1s and X number Facebook likes you throw something extra in. Its good incentive to help popularity of your site. Good for spreading the word yes cyborgs !! will there be friendly settlements out there aswell so you can form an alliance for trade and support? This user's account has been deleted. So, I just did a lowball pledge at the moment, mostly to keep tabs on this as it progresses, but I wanted to let you guys know that for me there are two things your KS is lacking that I look for when it comes to backing a project with such grand plans: Who you, as a team, are and what your background in game development is. Where the money will go towards getting the game developed. I'd very much like to see an update adding that information. This user's account has been deleted. Don't forget to get out their to the press. Reddit and rock, paper, shotgun are 2 good ones. I'm sure you got others lined up. Remember Photo Productions needs to be working everyday on kickstarter updates and answering questions. As they say, kickstarters are not sprints, they are marathons. Thank you for Linux support. just letting you guys know that Totalbuiscuit just did a spotlight of Maia (another game on kickstarter) just because he liked the concept, I don't think the creator even contacted him. Maia has 3 days to go and needs almost 30k more but I'm betting they're gonna get funded pretty quick after TB's backing, publicity does help. Definitely hit TB up with your game, he mentions in the interview he enjoys that type of game and you're game is a little similar as far as the base building aspect can we have a cyborg squad mate? also i have to agree with Peter Jacob on fashion model survivors Hope this project happens. Make sure to attempt a Reddit AMA halfway into the project. Lots of gamers on it would LOVE to see this type of game succeed. Any plans for Steam Greenlight? That also helps get the word out. A few years ago I sat and designed a game that looks a lot like this one. It's a game I always wanted to play, and to me this sort of game is why Kickstarter is here for. A few questions for you guys: How do you see things like basic survival playing into the game? Will the player have to manage things like food, water, etc? Once thing from books/films like "I am Legend" was that finding a bottle of whiskey, or some nice food was a huge morale boost to the people back in the base; that and the missions to find food to survive, which made up a big part of being "alive". The second question I have is around the relationships between characters. A project like this seems to be very character focussed, and I want to feel like they have lives and personalities that I can engage with. You've already talked about how you see your teams being composed of people who complement each other, but have you any plans for adding emotive concepts in there? Things like characters falling in love, or hating each other due to backgrounds, etc. One big thing to me that is missing in a lot of games is that the characters never evolve together, which to me seems like a natural fit to this game. This user's account has been deleted. Looks awesome. My only complaint is that the female survivors look more like fashion models than, y'know, survivors. Really hurts the immersion. This user's account has been deleted. The gameplay depth and uniqueness of this project is amazing. I really hope your kickstarter succeeds. I have to say the description initially turned me off (I thought yet another wasteland RPG). Maybe don't describe it as an RPG, because from what I understand its really an unique strategy game (with RPG elements). Dungeon keeper meets Rebuild meets tactical RPG / squad combat meets the Sims :) pledged, best of luck guys! And here's some more advice lol. Emphasize the features of your game which make it stand out from other games. Currently there are a lot of RPG's and post apocalyptic games in existence, both on and off kickstarter. Emphasize the fact that the game lets you design and defend a base, that it has real time squad based combat but the squad is made up of unique and individual characters, these are features not found in many games these days, in fact the only recent game similar to this is the new X-Com and that did really successfully because of that. Add in any other unique features you can think of that would draw attention. When you try and hit up some of the major media networks have all of your game's unique features up front, along with a video. They probably get a lot of requests by many groups so you need to make your game stand out from the group. In my job when we get selected for promotion the review board spends maybe 30-60 seconds looking over our profile and accomplishments (as they go over dozens of packets at a time) so we have to be sure all our best stuff is up front to and noticeable. The concept here is similar Just pledged as it looks like its going to be a solid fun game. Im out of the country for six months, I hope when I get back your almost done :) I'm not in the business so I can't give you expert advice but here's a few pointers that might help. Gamespy is a gamers website that caters exclusively to PC gamers, they did an article on dead state's kick starter back when it was going and It got a big surge in backers due to the exposure. I would suggest looking up the website's contact info and asking if you could set up an interview, or at least offer them details and a video so they could do an article. IGN, rock paper shotgun and giantbomb are other sites I visit on a regular basis and they also occasionally do articles on up and coming games. Another option is to try and contact some of the major youtube channels. Totalbiscuit and the Yogscast are two of the major ones that tend to do previews of upcoming games (TB did an interview of interstellar marines just recently). You could check their websites/twitter/youtube channels to figure out how to contact them. Bribing...ahem, I mean offering them a few incentives such as a copy of the game if it gets funded might help, or maybe a free poster or something. There are other youtube channels like nerd cubed and the mediacows who you could try as well. Honestly, the youtube channels are just as big a link to potential customers as gamer sites. Totalbuiscuit gets at a minimum of 100 thousand views per video, 300-400 thousands on his popular ones. The Yogscast have almost 3 million subscribers, getting a video on any of these guys channels is a HUGE exposure boost to your game. As I said, I don't know the best way to contact them, if you have any friends in the industry you could ask them, you might even ask some of the other successful kickstarter groups what they did to get word out about their game, most of them seem pretty friendly Also, LOVE the Rewards Tier Breakdown Looks very solid! Good pitch overall; you already have a working demo, and I can imagine what kind of game this is going to be very well based on the description, so no problems there. Like someone else already suggested, get tons of exposure, then you're golden. Looks like an interesting project found this one today. it kinda gave me a bit of a mad max impresion, hopefully it sucseeds funding This game looks great! Can't wait to see more about it. All the best with the project! :) Also, why is it only the attractive, scantily clad women who survive the zombie apocalypse? lol, guess it's all a part of natural selection Wow, so happy I decided to browse through the video game section on a whim today. I was sold as soon as I saw your kickstarter video and I know for a fact there are a lot of people out there who would enjoy this game. The same group and funded dead state would love this as well, with base building, survival and the background story of the game. One thing I MUST emphasize that you will need is exposure. You already have gameplay videos which is HUGE, get this stuff out to the gamer sites and major youtube channels. Hell, ask from fellow kickstarter groups to endorse you in exchange for endorsing their products, (Hero-U did a lot of that) The only reason people arn't throwing their money at this game is they don't know it exists, and with all the work you have already put into it, it would be a shame to not get it off the ground simply because it has no visibility. I'm in. I might pledge more if.you slip in some more limited pledge levels. Looks very interesting and unique. Backed and hope it is successful. Backed. Looks interesting