F the creator of this KS page. F KS for not holding them accountable for people paying for a product that is never going to happen and thus is a theft, via this platform. F KS and the creator. Just painfully. This is ridiculous that we have no way to do anything vs the creator and the "trusted" platform, as our money has flown away. F. GIVE US THE DIGITAL FILES. Guys, it's over, dude made bank, we took an L. Happens sometimes. Don't ever use Kickstarter again if their inaction is serious enough to you. sigh Just commenting to keep this thief's KS "alive". Way to go KS, you are the bad guy's handlers. Kickstarter... please understand that you are an accessory to robbery/fraud/being a d-bag. Good job. Literally the creator hasn't logged in in 7 years. This was a KS sanctioned robbery. Ya know, if you give someone the files and art, we can get them printed. I've done my own decks before, I could do it. This is still the only kickstarter I've ever been completely scammed on. still a thorn This man is a thief. Kickstarter let us down. SMH He last logged in Sept of 2013... pretty sure he doesn't care. Just like KS. They got their cut and now couldn't care less about us. Still leaving comments here since I want the creator to feel some guilt for stealing from us. Sure didn't! He's a scumbag, through and through! Did it work? I just submitted a support request to Kickstarter with the text below. Feel free to copy and edit it yourselves. I am a backer of "Founders Playing Cards" (<url>"The Department of Design") stole a total of $37,092 from 1,138 people (including $23 from me) using Kickstarter, and paying his Kickstarter fees with stolen money. John Slabyk has gone unpunished for 6 years, because while Kickstarter happily accepted $1854.60 in stolen funds from John, they wont lift a finger to help his victims. Help John's victims get justice. Kickstarter has done many great things in the last 10 years, but aiding and abetting fraudsters is not one of them. I tweeted once more with his handle while including Kickstarter in hopes that they may see it. I have also submitted a ticket request to Kickstarter asking for an answer on why this has continued to go ignored for so long with so much money in question. I recommend anyone still paying attention here to do the same. Still amazed that John Slabyk has experienced exactly zero repercussions for thieving from me and 1,137 other people. Based on the video link below, he may still be connected to Obama. If he is part of the D.C. swamp likely no chance of justice...which he knew when he started this... John Slabyk theif, and scammer. I'll keep posting John Slabyk scam artist until we get justice. If we allow this then it will continue. At a minimum it has to be kept in search results. Worth a shot. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. every once and a while I'll comment on his new project on Vimeo and he deletes them. today I just said "1,138 backers pledged $37,092 to help bring this project to life.". I've backed nearly 100 board games on Kickstarter, all far more complex than a simple deck of cards. All successfully delivered their projects. This is my only failed "successfully funded" project I backed. Congrats. As I've said before, you could have at least delivered the PDF to everyone and allowed us to finish the job you were incapable of completing. This deck had a lot of promise with great illustrations. By all accounts, the only thing you had left to do was get the deck printed. The logistics and process for this are simple and solved by countless other KS projects. My only conclusion is you never had any intention of fulfilling this project. Hope the $37,092 you stole from your backers was worth it. looks like he's somewhat active on twitter and Vimeo. <url>— I hope something happens with the FTC investigation. At a minimum, John Slabyk could provide the PDFs for the cards to all backers so we can PnP. Hello everyone - I thought of this earlier today and have since been on the warpath about it. I filed a complaint with the FTC (who recently were successful against another Kickstarter fraud) and the DC Attorney General, since I live there (as it turns out, it appears our friend John Slabyk lives in DC too). I'll let you all know if I get some traction. His most recent tweet dated three days ago: "Be acceptive of the deceptive. Never to conceal, only to reveal." @humanot @Kasey Frerichs - unfortunately I am not anymore. :( Still checking in from time to time. At least John Slabyk's name comes up as a Kickstarter fraud on the first page of google searches. it's truly incredible how a man could just disappear like this How many of us are in Washington? Not sure where to start but willing to help. i'm glad this has not been forgotten. i bet he never thought the fallout would last this long. Not surprising to see that many backers are still checking in (because the design really was great and something worth supporting) and that many are posting on the recent legal decision against a Kickstarter campaign that failed to materialize (<url>— and at that time, you may not be feeling so good about pocketing nearly $40 grand years ago. Hope you put it to very good use. I wish I got these, they were one of my favorite card designs on KS. I don't think he understood the potential, watta waste. Checking in. <url>"Founders Scam." Just checked in after months away from the site. I took Joseph Bridges' comment and went and reported his Facebook page as a scam. Can't hurt to keep putting pressure on this guy. <url>"I'd back it" not "I'd give back it..." I don't get it: why doesn't the artist he hired (who didn't get paid) just create a new KS with the files he designed? If he didn't get paid, then they are his property. He should make a new Founders KS campaign. Seriously, after all this time I'd give back it to get a deck. (Wouldn't back it for 3 decks and a coin like I did last time!) yup, just reported it as a scam. seriously, it isn't like he ran into unexpected costs -- i've backed 5 other card kickstarters, no problems. what an ass. I figured I would report his facebook page as a scam just to be a little bit spiteful. Who's with me? <url>#, goes to vm. Left a message. @John - Thanks - very funny! <url>"I greased off over 37 fat stacks, from just a stupid little project website, yo! From over, like, a thousand people, ****!" Enjoy smoking glass while you got it, Jesse. this is fucked @Paul - I'm interested. i wonder what would happen if someone filed a missing persons report No one knows who/where this guy is and how to get ahold of him to serve a lawsuit? He just disappeared? @Paul, that sounds like a good idea. I would be interested in the ability to have a deck printed. What would be considered reasonable to get the file ready to print? Looking through the updates for this project, it looks like almost all of the important artwork is available in pretty high resolution formats. With a little photoshop work, I think it would be pretty easy to get this deck printed. Sure, it will take a little work to redo all the spot cards, but it's plenty doable. Since the creator scammed us all so badly, I highly doubt he would have any issues with us taking his work and getting it done ourselves. In fact, maybe I'll do a one off and have it printed at MakePlayingCards or the like, so at least I get something out of this ridiculous scam. What say you Mr. Slabyk? Objections? I thought not... richard - the email address you're referring to is actually <email> which is not affiliated with the australian design group you linked. found an email address for him at <email>. He probably wouldn't answer but it implies he works for <url>"If you've been burned by a crowdfunding campaign, your best course of action is to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau or send a complaint to your state attorney general. In Nash’s case, the BBB in Nashville assigned his company, Altius Management an “F” grade. At the end of the day, it’s probably best to treat crowdfunding like a charitable donation — donate at will, but understand you may never get anything back in return." Hey, everyone! Since everyone's getting so angsty, I'd thought I'd review these cards to tide everyone over. The tuck: Well, I'm told it's very intricate. But it's actually much cooler than that. It's totally transparent! Hell, I'm looking at it in my hand, and it's like it's not even there! The cards: Unlike anything I've (n)ever seen! From the looks of it, the USPCC used the same material they made the box out of, because they too are totally invisible! They're fantastic for magic. Spectators are amazed when they find out you actually have cards in your hand! The handling: Brilliant. They fan so smoothly, it feels like air. Overall: A great deck of cards! Don't let them out of your sight, though. They'll completely disappear (just like your money). @Ira - I agree. Hoping this Washington case holds KS with some accountability. They currently do nothing. They don't even report these thieves. Kickstarter is complicit in these scams and is profiting from them. Based on their disgusting track record in enabling the scammers and falling on their side of the issue, it seems to leave them wide open for criminal penalties if not civil as well. Jeff is correct, I can say anything I want in a contract with another individual, that does not make it legal. @ corey - Kickstarter is welcome to put anything they want in their terms of service, it doesn't mean it'll hold up in court. Honestly, I don't care about Slabyk at this point, he'll get his dues. My issue is with Kickstarter's failure to do ANYTHING at all with scams. It's one thing to not take responsibility, it's another to not even help the victims of scams that they are profiting from. how we do next ?? only wait or have web to complain ?? count me in if we get something going. This news makes it hopeful that justice will find it's way back home here! Does anybody know how the organization was done to get this current lawsuit off the ground? Also, like I've said before, this comment section is not a good organizational tool for doing this. I believe we do need some outside network to communicate and organize. <url>"log" the conversations, but it would be better to keep those who rarely check in a way to sign up for notices and to be kept in the loop on what is happening. As it stands now, there is no way to email or contact other backers to unify anyone here. I would set it up, but not really sure how to go about it or where to put it. Anyone have the know how or ability to do that. Lawsuit seeks restitution for consumers The complaint against Altius Management and Edward J. Polchlopek III, filed in King County Superior Court, seeks: • Restitution for consumers; • As much as $2,000 per violation of the Consumer Protection Act in civil penalties; and • The state’s costs and attorneys’ fees for bringing the suit. Salbyk, you really thought that none of your 1138 backers would care if you ran away with the money? As far as I know, Salbyk is in New York but that doesn't actually really matter. I'm from WA State but I'd suggest waiting to see how this progresses before getting too excited. I imagine there's a few of us WA backers that would love to bring Salbyk to the attention of the AG's office now that this is happening, but this is pretty new territory as far as KS/lawsuits are concerned. *IF* this works and the suit is successful, this could be used as precedence for other state's AG's to become interested as well. Asylum also has a year over Founders, with a year's worth of silence as an added bonus. We all know that time won't make a difference but it may be considered "too soon" to get the AG after them. They wouldn't want to bring that kind of wrath down on a project creator that was delayed with poor communication (which happens quite often, unfortunately) because rightfully angry backers tried to force a response. This should really be a legit fraud/scam thing, y'know? Which Founders is and I'm not defending it whatsoever, just to be clear. Just musing about why Asylum would be a better target for a suit at this stage. The AG's complain specifically mentioned that 31 backers were from WA State, which may be relevant to their decision as well. You can read the full complaint to see their arguments/facts here: <url>"friends" that could help quell that). Lastly, those of you talking about starting the "Justice Fund" campaign should NOT do it on KS, as again, they'll profit from it. One of the other crowdfunding sites (ie indiegogo) would be a great place for it. I would happily contribute, particularly if KS is one of the parties being sued. All right, some of us are still here but what's the point of discussing this issue on the internet? What would be the best way to proceed? Is there any way we can get our money back? It still seems odd that it's apparently so easy to scam so many although we even know who is responsible for this mess. Would every single one of us have to sue him? I mean, we're talking about $37,000. Were it not for this kickstarter/internet thing, he wouldn't be getting away with it so easily, would he? Likewise I'm here too. Right here with ya Dan. Still here as well. ME as well! Still here Kind of hoping Jackson Robinson wasn't kidding and he'll do his own version of these. I'd be in for at least 2 decks. A real shame. So much potential wasted. Still here... I just hope justice prevails! I can't believe nothing has been done about this Checking in as well. Backers please leave a comment, any comment, when you check here - just to keep this active. checking in... Good, this guy needs to go down for fraud. I'm game for the lawyer idea as he should be sued for the damages and money he has stolen; should be an easy case. All of the evidence is right here online through Kickstarter. You don't take money promising one thing and just disappear, not without some sort of consequence. Anyone know a lawyer? :) It is looking like this kickstarter scam is in the top google search results for his name "John Slabyk" @Paul - isn't that the truth. I don't think Slabyk would come out. He would have to complete this project which he clearly isn't interested in. @Jackson - My goodness, man, your talent FAR exceeds Slabyk's!!! You should do these cards and see if that somehow lures Slabyk out of hiding to claim copyright infringement. :) It's been a year. Bummer. @ brys - yeah this was only my 2nd KS, and I did also have reservations. Needless to say, I approach all KS projects differently. Got pulled in by the beauty of these - won't again. @Kevin M This is a really late reply, I honestly don't check this project very often since...well, you know. :( As Giddyup said, the lack of communication and disinterest of backer suggestions were two giant red flags. Most projects feature excited creators that want their pet project/dream design to be the best it can be. Check out the number of updates Slabyk had during the campaign run and the amount of time between updates. Look at how few posts he made responding to questions. Speaking of his posts, the biggest red flag of them all was actually the very first two posts he made. Talking down to backers, acting superior, not wanting to attach their (his) "individuality" to the project, etc. I nearly canceled my pledge off those two responses alone, but decided to give him the benefit of the doubt. That was a mistake. The other signs where the entire approach to stretch goals and future decks. In update #4, he presented some additional back designs, made a surprising request for feedback, and hinted at some stretch goals. Then we went quiet on the subject for nearly a week, posting two batches of artwork for the courts in the meantime, before announcing the stretch goals. All of them focused around cajoling people to add additional decks to their pledge to get something for free. The giant, ridiculous "why didn't I cancel right then and there!" red flag here that resulted in me halving my pledge (I just couldn't bring myself to drop it completely, the cards were too pretty!) was the addition of the second deck - solely as a freebie at an impossible to reach stretch goal (remember, he posted these with a mere week to go) for those that purchased three or more decks. You couldn't add any on, there was no talk of print runs, just a complete lack of detail outside of "buy more decks." In retrospect it was a transparent attempt to coerce people to add more to their pledge despite the oddity of how the project was run by engendering some goodwill in offering freebies. Playing card specific oddities were the lack of discussion of card stock, finish, and the general nitty gritty into the specifics. Compare that to how successful (and delivered) projects are run. That generally sums up my feelings of hindsight on the entire thing. @ Jackson - wishful thinking *it wouldn't I like this deck so much. I wish I wouldn't have been botched. I should do my own version. Maybe in five years I will go to my mailbox and there it will be. Maybe I'll just retrace the artwork in illustrator and submit it to the USPCC I think it would be better to run it here. Use KS against a KS. :p Don't you think we should use indiegogo to start the Kickstarter legal defense fund. That would be awesome! :-D I would totally be down for a legal defense fund kick starter. I wonder how we could message all the backers... Oops - sorry @Tim @ jeff not a bad idea... would be nice if there were a way to contact everyone here. But others might join the cause. I am in. Just got an email from Kickstarter congratulating themselves on over $1 billion in pledges. I wonder how much of that was lost to thieves like Slabyk. But I bet they don't publish or even track those stats... Getting close to one year for this one... a shame. That's not a bad idea Tim: the Kickstarter Justice Fund to retain a lawyer for pursuing the criminal, John Slabyk. I would put in at least the amount he took from me to see him convicted in court. Each backer would get the opportunity to become a member of the case against him in the complaint. Would anyone be interested in a kickstarter to fund an attorney? ( Just an idea ) John Slabyk Just to put his name here again. If this is how he is, he will likely succeed in ruining his own life. Apparently the most we can hope for. I will still check in here however, as I don't give up that easily. Hoping something comes up somewhere. He cannot hide forever, unless he has skipped the country. Checking in... Not good news. Hopefully any future employers do a minimal internet search to see his actions here. Last mail I got from Internet Bureau "Dear Sérgio Sousa: The last of our several letters to John Markian Slabyk was returned to us by the post office. Through our investigations, we have been unable to locate any contact information for this company. We have no other information regarding this company’s whereabouts. In the case of individual complaints, we offer a mediation service. However, mediation requires the participation of the other party. Under these circumstances, we regret that this office cannot assist you. You may choose to pursue your own inquiries. If you succeed in locating this company, feel free to renew your complaint and we will gladly attempt to mediate. Another option you have should you locate the named individual is to sue, although they may not have the resources to pay any judgment you obtain. We cannot be certain the individual is insolvent. They may, in fact, be able to pay all or part of your claim. You may wish to discuss the matter with a private attorney or financial advisor. If you need an attorney referral in New York State, you may contact the New York State Bar Association’s Lawyer Referral and Information Service at (800) 342‑3661, Monday through Friday, from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Lawyers participating in the Service have agreed to provide an initial consultation of up to one‑half hour for a $25.00 fee." Seems like we out of luck! @Kevin - One big warning sign was an almost complete lack of communication and a kind of disdain for backers before the project was funded. In hindsight, it's not a surprise that his attitude got worse after funding. @Brys What were the signs you saw running up to the close of pledging last year? Others may benefit from your observations... Such a shame. Out of nearly 100 kickstarters I've backed this is the only outright scam I fell into. There were plenty of signs and I had considered canceling my pledge several times, but still. Anyone know the latest? I tried calling both numbers showing on that Celsius website and one is no longer in order. The other goes to a vm. i check in every once and a while. this guy hasn't logged in since september. Near 1 year since this ended.... I'm still watching. Does anyone check here? If so leave even a short comment so this stays active. It was contact information for someone named Patrick Eagan-Van Meter (a paralegal specialist with the Federal Trade Commission) that Matt said he had talked to or had been contacted by. I can't remember which. What did the comment say? If anyone caught it Anyone have any idea why Matt E's post was removed? @ Matt - great news! Will be checking back to see what happened. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I reported this project as "abuse". As in over 1,100 backers are being abused by ZERO delivery of any project material. We'll see what happens. @ Tim - I agree, Mr Slabyk is counting on us giving up. Someone who know how to set up an outside meeting place should do so, and maybe we can get a start to more organizing. Hi all. Decided to do some research of my own and found <url>#716-604-4026 NY#917-324-6382 Locations: 1514 Wieland Street, Chicago, IL 60610 531 E 20th St, New York, NY 10010 Don't give up! I was wondering the same myself. I was hoping the NY Attorney General's Internet Bureau would have given me another reason to hope, but alas, it's foolish to believe the government would respond to anything in a reasonably efficient manner, or for that matter, an unreasonably efficient manner, and in this case, reasonably efficient is needed. It's also difficult to mobilize the efforts of supporters with this damned comment section as the only tool for the backers to use, for which it was never intended. We are the only ones suffering here and given the response from Kickstarter, they probably believe that ignoring it will make it go away. Well, I hope it doesn't and Kickstarter gets burned for their acceptance of this practice. A clever lawyer will one day put them on the front page and only then will these crimes be felt. Until somebody makes them squeal, I doubt we will be able to solicit the slightest grunt from them. So, I have decided to stop sponsoring projects. Not taking into account the potential for fraud and protecting those who extend the trust required for making all this possible is just unrealistic and very short-sighted. They are providing an avenue for fraud and hoisting it on the rest of us, with one hand over their eyes, while the other palms their portion of the support. Is anyone following this? Any news? There is a button at the bottom of projects to report the project to Kickstarter--I've reported it as a "charity" and added a comment. Maybe others could do the same to get Kickstarter's attention. And I agree that Kickstarter should refund to each backer, their portion of the pledges collected. They know that frauds will traffic in their site. Expecting such, and having awareness of the harm that such fraudulent activity will bring upon Kickstarter's image, one would think that KS would be anxious to refund their portion of the take. Its commonly called a cost of doing business. Take AMAZON FOR EXAMPLE. Last month when winter storms crippled the shipping companies, Amazon refunded shipping fees for late packages, despite the delay not being their direct fault. Instead, they realized that refunding shipping fees was the right thing to do and chalked it up to a cost of doing business. As a result, I will always be an Amazon customer. When will KS put on their BIG BOY PANTS and step up to the plate to do the right thing as the host of a fraud? Just used Debbie's template to send a complaint to the NY AG office. If we all pile on... I received a letter from the NYS Attorney General's office asking for additional information to be submitted including contracts, agreements, order forms, proof of payment, correspondence, etc. There's not many people with that name doing the things he does. I would assume that's him. For those who haven't participated in the complaint, read my previous posts. You'll have a chance to make a bigger statement by lending your voice to the complaint I've registered with the NY attorney general's office. Is this him? <url>#3 for me. Is it possible he's in Chicago, guys? Both of his subdomains on his dodsr website list him as being in Chicago.... @Derek - I got it but with the Holidays haven't filled it out yet. I would be interested in what you whip up! I think if we can streamline the work and not make each of us repeat effort it will make it more likely more complaints will be submitted. I mean I haven't done it because I know it will take time and I haven't had it yet. So would really appreciate your info - screenshots from the kickstarter page/updates and some text explaining what's going on. Thanks. Hey guys- I sent an email the <email> using Debbie's template. Thank you so much to Jeff and Debbie for the work they have done so far. I received an email back quite promptly asking me to fill out a complaint form which can be filled out here: <url>"briefly describe your complaint," as well as a place to attach documents for evidence. If something like that hasn't been completed yet I can whip up something basic with screenshots from the kickstarter page/updates and some text explaining what's going on. Has anyone else filled out this form yet? Out of 250 projects I have backed, this is scam #3. This guy will get what he deserves, I have no doubt. I filled out the google doc form... WOW! They will not let him do this again. Thanks for nothing Kickstarter. I contacted Kickstarter and complained that they listed this project under "rewards collected." It was a bit of salt being rubbed in the wound. Sent my email to <email> as well. <url>~John-Slabyk/133161499 Why would Kickstarter use google docs for a survey? <url>"fix" what I see as a problem with the lack of BACKER SUPPORT! I hope many of you are with me on this but I want to see some resolution come so we can conclude with this project. Here is my ticket: "I know you are aware of the campaign concerning John Slabyk and his project the Founders playing cards. There isn't one! I have been sorely disappointed to what appears that you exhibit no concern on behalf of the backers to help us resolve the issue. After all, you have benefited monetarily directly from the backers of the project and should bear more than you have. You've lost nothing from this fraud and writing an email or two is not enough. (I would wonder if a court case comes from a fraudulent project that since you benefit monetarily and you have no recourse for backers that you are in essence providing a channel for fraud and may be found party with those actions. I am sure you would find it disturbing and uncomfortable with such questioning.) Most of us have jobs and lack the time to be playing detective. I propose that you put some teeth into your words of accountability and that is provide what you might call "Alternative Solutions" interface for resolution of fraudulent or troubled projects. For any project as ours, which exhibits catastrophic failure, then I feel you need to establish methods for the backers to follow-up and mobilize their forces to see some justice, for instance, contact information for the state's attorney general's office for complaints. Also, a Mobilization Interface, opened after reasonable time so that backers can solidify a campaign to pursue justice on their behalf. At this point, the comment section is very ineffective and painfully frustrating. We need some form of posting page and a way to contact all supporters so that they are aware of the issues and can respond. Right now, you've left us nothing. No way to get our money and no way to respond. It's really shameful that you have done nothing more than this. I hope you can see my point and will consider adding this to your website because it is needed. By not responding, your silence is just providing an open invitation for it to happen again. If backers knew going in that you have the "Alternative Solutions" and a way for backers to mobilize if they don't respond then many would think twice even before starting." For those who are just coming back, please read earlier in the comments where I have a simple way for you to respond by sending an email that I hope will magnify our voice with the NY Attorney General. Also, @DEBBIE below has even provided a response template for you to email, so with little effort you can become a part of the campaign. I hope we hear something about this case and it will provide a resolution. Thank you all. Boy, this is a bit slow. I think many have given up! You know, this is where Kickstarter could step in and allow some sort of postings in the same way "updates" works. Another backend interface that is opened up to supporters for the purpose of solidifying the backers to go after a fraudulent project. Kickstarter? What say you? Sent e-mail. Thanks for your hard work! Thanks Jeff for your effort. I too have submitted my email. Also, thanks for the form letter idea Debbie and Russell. thanx! I´ve just sent an email as indicated with a screenshot of my pledge (33$) hope they can do something cheers Great job, Jeff. Sent sent an email. email sent. Maybe Kickstarter may see this stuff. please email mailto:<email> and reference File Number: 2013-1133994. Good work Jeff Jenness To whom it may concern, I would like to formally join the complaint for File Number: 2013-1133994 at the Internet Bureau of the NY Attorney General's Office, against John Markian Slabyk and his company The Department Of Design. I was also defrauded in the amount of $13.00. Please contact me if you need further information. I'm one of many who have been defrauded. This person has not made any attempt fulfill his requirements to his backers. Basically, When the Kickstater ended the lights went out. Sincerely, Russell Leigh Common @JEFF - Thanks. I have filed and here is a "form letter" to make it easier for anyone else who would like to also join. Makes it really easy. Just copy and paste then put your amount and name. Hit send and that is it. Please join this! To whom it may concern, I would like to formally join the complaint for File Number: 2013-1133994 at the Internet Bureau of the NY Attorney General's Office, against John Markian Slabyk and his company The Department Of Design. I was also defrauded in the amount of $XYZ.00. Please contact me if you need further information. Sincerely, YOUR NAME HERE I'm late to the party on this but very glad I discovered this. To be honest, I had forgotten about the cards until today only now to discover the fraud. I've emailed the Internet Bureau of the NY Attorney General's Office and will continue to check back for any additional actions that can be taken. Sucks. For those of you who have collected contact information, you might include this to assist in the case also. I am hoping we will see some justice. The thing I hate most is how he violated our trust. I hope you all will participate since we now have the attention of an authority. Well, there is some good news. The Internet Bureau of the NY Attorney General's Office has responded to my complaint. (Remember I gave the website and how to fill it out in an earlier comment.) They were notifying me that they will be contacting the "company", i.e., John Markian Slabyk. I encourage you now to write an email and join in this complaint. If you wish to do so, then please email mailto:<email> and reference File Number: 2013-1133994. Tell them that you are writing to formally enter as part of my complaint and that you too have part of this fraud, John Markian Slabyk. Tell them how much you lost and then they will see the magnitude of this case. Anyway, if you don't do something, this guy is going to get away with it. Damn, I was wanting to post some stuff but, under the leave a comment box it says "Be respectful and considerate to those who have screwed you". OK I may of added that last part. scumbag keeps deleting my comments on the founders facebook. most recent comment was something along the lines of "just wondering how you find the time to delete all my comments but don't have the time to say sorry for this failure of a project and refund everyone immediately". deleted within a few hours. i've had it. another day another kickstarter stiff. For anyone new joining and leaving comments regarding contact emails & addresses etc. Please read through previous comments, they have all been contacts by myself and a number of others in the last few months. Read back and see if there's anything else that can be added rather than re-hashing old information that is proven to be a dead end. Just filed an IC3 complaint. Hopefully that gets the ball moving. Has anyone checked the dodsr.com WHOIS? <url>"Internet Justice". then you're not limited at all. Convince someone somewhere to write about this and include the names John and Greg Slabyk. Link that article here. Then convince more people to write about it. Or write your own article about it and post it to different blogs. Link all that back here. Try to get multiple crosslinks going. The goal being to forever link the names John and Greg Slabyk directly with this project. Any search for their names should reveal loudly what has gone on here. Any type of background check should bring up this information. No, this may not result in the cards being delivered. In the long run, however, it will make the Slabyk's wish they hadn't pulled this stunt. See this page for an example of text that can be used for an article or blog: <url>"out" her because she may still be working on this story but I really don't know. We had a lengthy conversation on the phone early on and I gave her quite a bit of documentation and information about Slabyk, Kickstarter and this campaign. I've heard from her a couple times but not recently. I would think that this sort of thing would be interesting to writers at Wired or Inc or those sort of magazines but I don't have any contacts and, as I said, I've sort of lost steam on the whole thing. Good luck! @Kevin: Thanks for all the effort you've put in. I don't blame you at all, but I think that's what Slabyk is counting on. As far as Internet justice goes, that would be getting so many stories out there associating the name Slabyk with this project that they would never be able to dig themselves out. I know people have been contacting "the media", but I think that means main contact numbers. Instead, I would strongly suggest contacting individual reporters looking for a story to pad their resume. It's unlikely that this is going to wind up on the front page of the New York Times, but that's okay. 100 smaller outlets (your local paper included) can be more effective in making sure that any search for "Slabyk" shows stories that talk about this project. Hey, guys. I'm losing interest in fighting the good fight on this one. I've done a ton of work including contacting multiple people with the media and reaching out to 20-30 people that John and Greg Slabyk know but it seems like no one really wants to help. It's a shame, really, because this is a guy that needs to be dealt a little Internet (or actual) justice. Apparently that's not going to happen so I'm dropping out and probably won't check back. If I ever receive these cards their going in the trash. No sense in keeping a reminder around for someone who is completely unworthy of any sort of respect as an artist, a business man or a person. Good luck and I hope that something positive works out for all of you. I just sent an email to the White House explaining everything, maybe we have good luck and some one can help us. If you are thinking of contacting the media, I would suggest that instead of (or in addition to) contacting the main number for an organization, you contact a specific individual investigative reporter. Giving the story to a generic email address will result in the story getting lost in the pile of submissions they receive each day. Giving it to a specific person who is looking to make a name for him/herself would have a better chance of succeeding. If you know of a specific blog that is desperate for content, it might be worth pointing them in this direction as well. @gendar: Many people have reported this to Kickstarter. Kickstarter's position is that every project has an element of risk, that it's up to backers to research creators beforehand, and that they'll be keeping their 5% cut, thank you, come again. If you read through the comments, you'll see people have done a lot more, including, contacting various law enforcement agencies and filing a report, such as IC3.gov (Internet crime report with the FBI), various media outlets, etc. I encourage you to add your voice to all of the above. The more people who yell, the more likely we'll be heard. And did any1 wright to kickstarter support about our situation? @Sydney Nobody has. I never received my two decks of cards. The address is correct. Please help! Sydney Mathis If you are Pintest, stop by <url>#!contact/c16fm Are there any skilled orators here who would like to report our cause to the good people making a documentary about some of the fraud going on at kickstarter? The only reason I don't do it myself is that I feel I don't have the best grasp on this situation or the best writing skills. Hopefully if we can get some light shed on this and the Slybyk thieves, something will happen. On a side note, I had this far fetched idea of writing to the president himself, explaining this, because he claims he worked on his campaign. Obviously it's a snowballs chance in hell, but who knows. Okay. I'll do that! Thanks! @Megan, you should read back through the comments here on Kevin M.'s efforts with news reporters, etc. I think you two are working toward the same goal. I'm wondering if someone needs to tip off a news agency or call the White House media correspondent. I'd love to hear their opinion of this since this guy has ties to the President. Might bring charges to this guy that we otherwise might not get. Just a thought. Thanks Megan...hope something comes of all this. I just submitted a TOS support ticket here on kickstarter about this. Waiting to hear back. I also emailed our creator and we'll see if he replies. Hi website h.dodsr.com is up and running as of this moment. I captured this image from the info page of his site that says he is from Buffalo, but lives in Chicago. So those trying phone numbers, try the ones from Chicago. <url>"John Slabyk" and "Greg Slabyk". I've been a part of some other message boards that do the same with scammers/cheaters, unfortunately I have no knowledge of how to get it done :) Best course of action now is public shaming, damaging his reputation and any future prospects (along with pursuing a legal solution, of course). Megan, you're the hero we have all been waiting for!!! <url>"Risks and Challenges" section of the project page, he indicates that everything is already complete, save for the coin. Even if a coin DID take 8 months to figure out, this is still a BS situation. then there's this <url>"accomplice: a person who helps another commit a crime." Just because he had a limited role in this situation doesn't mean he doesn't deserve any blame. If he doesn't want to get caught in the blowback from this he should help us rectify the situation because he had a hand in the project, it went south and he has more access to his brother than any of us do. If nothing else, Greg will be liable for taxes on the money that went through his Amazon Payments account. If he received money from John to cover that, its reasonable to assume that money came from the proceeds of this project so, in essence, he received stolen goods. Encourage him to do the right thing and convince his brother to resurface and deal with this mess. I know you say Greg isn't involved, but he took this risk by helping his brother and is now involved whether he likes it or not. If anyone has the power to help it would be Greg. How does he or any of their family not have contact with this thief? I put $55 of my hard earned money into this. I want my product or at the very least see justice dealt to this coward. This is grand larceny and we can't and shouldn't let this guy walk away. Oh man this sucks. Kickstarter need a way to flag to backers of this stuff. Looks like I wont get my cards but unless you look in the comments it's not that clear. This is my 3rd project backed to go pear shaped. Oh well What type of information would you like that would fix this? Greg didn't have access to it ("it" was referring to the money, not the account) because the money was gone, and not by his volition. Can I provide screenshots and documents proving all of this? No, of course not - I'm just sharing what I know, take whatever from it you would like. How would you feel if one of your friend was in trouble because someone very close to him made some type of huge mistake? I've been checking back time to time if there was any updates, and keeping myself informed about what people are saying. I know that Greg didn't do anything wrong, and it sucks to see him talked about like he did. People have contacted me via facebook regarding this, and I don't really want to be involved because I've shared all I know, and I'm in the same boat as you. I put in some money and didn't get anything for it. 1 My name is not listed because I do have any more information and don't want to be involved, I'd like my money or my cards, but it seems like we will get getting neither so that's as far as I will take that. 2 I have only used kickstarter twice, that's correct. 2 local people asked me to support them, and I did. 3 I just started commenting because like I said before, Greg is being blamed for something he didn't do. For your last question, everyone was shared his brother's information below multiple times and in multiple ways. Sorry if I couldn't be of any more help. @BC I appreciate your attempt to provide some transparency, but like Giddyup said, it only raises more questions. The fact that GREG set up the account, yet had no access to it at any point sounds like big pile of bull. Also, I am very inclined to question the credibility of your claims since you: 1) Don't have a full name listed. 2) Have a very limited backing history. 3) Have literally only just now started commenting on the situation. If Greg "showed you he had nothing to do with it," can you provide that evidence? In fact, can he give us contact information and a means to pursue this with his brother? I knew it would lead to more questions, and I've shared all I know. I feel bad for Greg because it truly is a cold thing for a brother to do. Greg offered to assist with the promotion and he apparently helped set up the Amazon account. When I asked Greg if I could have my money that I backed personally back, he said he didn't have any access to it, or had any of it at any point. I've known Greg for roughly 13 years, this is completely out of his character. I don't know much about his brother because he lives out of state, so I can't speak to his character. @BC - Care to expand on "he explained the whole thing"? "Greg … did his part". What was Greg's part? Greg, "had nothing to do with it". Nothing to do with what? The fraud? So someone set up Greg by putting his email address as the contact person for the Amazon Payments account without his knowing? That's a cold thing for a brother to do. How well do you know Greg? Is it out of the realm of possibility that someone willing to help steal $37,000 would also be willing to lie about it? Your comment, while appreciated, only leads to more questions. I know Greg, he explained the whole thing and showed me he had nothing to do with it. Someone mentioned the amazon account, obviously Greg wasn't the only one with access to it. I'm bummed as anyone here, I pledged for my friend Greg. Greg did everything he could, and did his part. It's sad to see this not work out for everyone involved. found his partner from the obama campaign, this was his response: "I haven't spoke to him in 4 years. sounds like slabyk." @Giddyup and @Dan B. Thanks for the info! Confirmed. <email> leads to <url>"Department of Design". Click the "Details" link and remember the transaction id. Click the "Problem with this Transaction?" button, then click the link that says "Click here to contact seller". You'll see a form, asking for the transaction id. Fill out the rest, just put whatever in the description and then click "View email". It won't send anything yet, but will show you a preview of the email. And the "To:" address is <email> which is Greg Slabyk's email at buffalo (John's Brother) Dan B. appears to be the original source of that information. My Amazon Payments transaction was made to "The Department of Design". Amazon would not tell me anything more than that. Maybe Dan has some inside information. Can anyone tell me how you were able to tell that the associated Amazon Payments account is in Slabyk's brother's name? Talked at length to a reporter from DC about Slabyk, the project, his connection to President Obama's campaign and other things I've found online. Gave her all the details I have from comments, backer-only posts and such. She was very interested in this. Hopefully we get some attention and traction; especially since this would be someone local tracking down Slabyk. There are no guarantees so we'll have to wait and see... I'm going to stick with Scam until I get actual finished product in hand. Joshua Nemecek, it's cool that you contacted some people, but it doesn't make any sense that the guy would change his accounts and delete posts and all the other shady stuff he's done since "not running away with our money". It's a scam. It's only $13 for me so I didn't even bother contacting my credit card company, but it certainly opened my eyes to the problems with Kickstarter. Here's what I got back from the US Playing Card Company: On Tuesday, October 29, 2013 3:19 PM, <email> wrote: Per our Custom Division: We’ve been in contact with the Kickstarter project creator but the deck hasn’t been printed. Consumer Relations US Playing Card Company @Raymond Lam: Dude, chill out. I don't know Joshua but he seemed to be quoting what someone else told him, not defending Slabyk. @Joshua Nemecek: Thanks for looking into it and posting what you found. And also explain why if he was still in the process of completing this project, he would go through the effort of un-linking all his accounts and changing his privacy settings AFTER we started asking about the project's status. If it "walks" like a scam and "talks" like a scam... @Joshua: I get that some people work on their own time, but please explain what he could possibly be working on that would explain zero communication and results? He clearly has the card designs ready, as evident from the pictures found in the project's description. The only possibility I can think of is that every single file involved with the project was lost, in which case, he should just explain so. Genius or not, he is accountable to 1138 people and we are all pissed off. As paying backers, HE deals with US on OUR time. Would you please share what evidence you were given to support the claim of "he's notoriously flaky, but he's not running away with anyone's money?" We have already seem claims from people in contact with this designer's friends saying that scamming 1138 people out of $37,092 "sounds like something he would do." Given that comment and the current state of the project, I'm sure most, if not all of us have a "guilty until proven innocent" mentality right now. There is also a website called IC3.gov which allows you to report internet fraud to the FBI. It might be worth all of us reporting this case. I discovered through LinkedIn that I know some people who are connected to the project developer, so I asked them to look into it. The word I get from people who know Slabyk directly is that he is still working to deliver the products. They said "he's notoriously flaky, but he's not running away with anyone's money." They also said "He is a design genius, like literally in a whole other category and he listens to no one. You deal with him on his time." So, hopefully he'll come through sooner rather than later, but the Kickstarter model means he gets paid before delivering. I wish they had some sort of "escrow" where they'd hold back something until the project is completed. Ugh, this is my first looking into what ended up happening with this kickstarter. I feel betrayed. Such a shame too, could have been a great project. @Sam Gong: I'm not sure why you keep saying "you" when YOU could register domains, build a WordPress site and take to social media to promote the site/situation. I'm talking to media trying to get some traction for coverage on the story, trying to find Slabyk and such and I know others have taken action as well. Go to it, man! Built your site and let us know when it's up! :-) It's sad this has gone completely past the possibility of any good outcome. The only positive, fair thing left to do is protect future victims of fraud. johnslabykfraud.com, slabykfraud.com etc. are available domain names. You don't need to rely on traditional media to raise the visibility of this scam, you could just set up a wordpress site and report the disappointing project outcome on one of those domains. A few links and social shares and anyone that googled his name would know about what he did here. Everyone, good work with keeping up on this scam of a project. For those who are new to the hunt, please through all the comments before you start a line of contact that has already been drawn. Unless you have some super special awesome mega fudge-coated super connections, repeating the same actions over and over again won't help. If you have said connections, please let them be known. What can you do to help? Here is an incomplete list: 1. Contact Kickstarter: Although their policy is unlikely to change, a thousand backers complaining is likely to rustle at least a few feathers. 2. Contact Amazon Payments: Though it seems that the time limit to request a refund has passed, it doesn't hurt to try asking. If the representative says that they can't help, ask them to add the recipient of your payment to a "black list" so they know to be wary of future transactions with this recipient. A thousand negative feedbacks is bad for anyone. 3. Contact your credit card company: As people have stated before, request a refund for "good never received." Be insistent that you get a refund due to this project being a scam. If necessary, offer more details of the project, including links to this page, and suggest that they investigate this scam on their own as many other backers are likely to request refunds. 4. Contact the media: Nothing ruins careers quite like the media. Getting the proper media attention will likely bring this scam project a significant amount of coverage. Media personnel also sometimes have access to sources that normal civilians do not. In addition, the negative media may compromise the public image of Kickstarter, forcing them to adopt more strict policies and reactions for scam projects. Do what you can to help, but please be sure to be respectful every step of the way. Making us look like raging lunatics will only hurt our cause. The home page says that this deck was to be "printed by the US Playing Card Company". I just contacted them and asked if they have any information. Will report back. $2/deck would buy you decks printed from a no-name printer on tissue paper with crayons for ink, would not include a custom tuck box, and would not be wrapped in cellophane. By all means, go for it. @Rahul, well as someone connected to the design "world", I'm interested to see how you are able to pull it off so easily. Go for it, dude. Printing a deck cost $2 and to source design approx cost around $2. Given we sell marginal amount of decks say somewhere around 2,000. He has to come out of hiding if law suit will follow and I don't think that should be problem too. How many of you here have not received money yet?? @Charlie - good job on that tweet. Keep following and posting. I got a couple good full face photos from early on. Just need a good place to post them. @Jennifer: at this stage, filing a claim with your credit card company will only result in a refund if the amount is low enough for them not be bothered with. If you pledged $13 for one deck, it will cost them more to go back and forth with you than it would to just pay you the $13. If you pledged for 10 decks, I think you'll be out of luck. If enough people do this, however, it might put pressure on Kickstarter (via Amazon via credit card companies) to take fraud more seriously. @Rahul: $4/deck is less than cost, not to mention shipping charges. Yeah, count me out. I'd just like my money back pls @Rahul So someone should spend a *monumental* amount of time recreating the designs from low-res web images (plus source printing and fulfillment), charge less than a third of the original price, get everyone to pay a second time for something they already paid for and then risk having to deal with legal action from the original designer? That's a fascinating plan. I'm going to pass, though... I seriously think we should go ahead with this "a pretty interesting idea brought up by a backer earlier was to relaunch founders cards on our own and see if slabyk would file a copyright claim perhaps" by Al... As we all fall for the designs which are no doubt good we should make it available at much reasonable rate (around $4 per deck) since we already have the designs!!! Just to let everyone know, the tweet that John Slabyk posted the other day has been deleted by him. It's not relevant to us, but I think perhaps he saw my earlier comment and wants us to think that his account is still inactive. Good thing I took a screenshot! <url>"goods never received." If everyone tries to recoup the money through credit card claims, then maybe this will slowly effect the open-ended policy kickstarter seems to have with folks like Department of Design. We can let this get away!!! The guy who commented before of relaunching the project ourselves with his artwork, is awesome idea!! I think we should go ahead with that!! I'm not sure what I can do, but I appreciate and am glad so many are concerned here. If anyone had suggestions on how each person can help, then let us know. The first thing we have to do is get organized. We need to start a Facebook group or something so we can all communicate in a more efficient manner. As the comment below me says kick starter should have a fraud page, but they don't, and probably never will. I don't know how to make websites but it would be a good idea if we have the resources between us to do it. Not just for this guy, but all kick starter fraud. A website where we can have all kick starter fraud campaigns and people can post all the information they have on the ones committing fraud. Essentially we would be creating a database of thieves, getting their names and information out there, and hopefully helping lead to their capture. I pledged $55 of my hard earned money to this coward. I wanted these cards for my dad as a Father's Day gift. I could care less about the cards now, I just want to see this guy exposed, captured, and dealt justice. Perhaps Kickstarter could have a "Fraud page" and since he has not responded to them, paste his picture and the project on this page and offer some reward for the providing contact information. There has to be something that can be done, but anybody who has the power are sitting on their hands. I am sure that just empowers him to lay low and keep the money. Kickstarter made a percentage, maybe they can use that as a means to bring him to the public. Something has to be done or Kickstarter is just condoning the behavior and it will happen again if he is allowed to go free. After a long silence, John Slabyk actually tweeted the other day to another Slabyk relative. I already sent a message to said relative before and got no response. This is somebody called Alex Slabyk, who has very recently made his twitter private, but I was already following him before he changed this. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Any lawyers out there who would like to take my investment to bring this man to justice? I don't want anything but to see him brought up on a wire fraud charge and any other charges that might stick. @Jerad I think that's the conclusion we've all come to... This user's account has been deleted. You don't have to do anything to obtain copyright protection. The moment you create something, a book, a picture, whatever, it is automatically copyrighted in your name. The only reason to file for a copyright is to prove that you are the author. If that proof is available elsewhere, such as here, that's all that's generally needed. I still can't believe something like this happens. Doesn't kick starter take their social security number or anything? There has to be something we can do. question really would be if these were copyright protected. I'm sure they weren't and again if someone did run with it he would have about $37000 to fund an attorney. And then the counter suit could occur for services not rendered. There's a discussion of this project going on at <url>#1: Thanks for reaching out. I'm sorry to hear that you haven't yet received a response from this project creator about the status of your cards. While we normally encourage backers to reach out to the creator directly, we've messaged this creator on behalf of all those that pledged towards this project. We've sent them a reminder of our Terms of Use, which require creators to fulfill their rewards as initially promised or to refund any backer whose rewards they cannot fulfill. We've also reminded them of our expectations regarding clear and regular communication with their backer community. I hope that this will motivate them to provide you and other backers of this project with a much needed update. After this I asked if they had received a response from John or any type of correspondence. Response #2: Thanks for reaching out. I'm very sorry to hear about this creator's lapse in communication. We have indeed reached out to the creator on behalf of backers like you, requesting that he post an update and reply to his direct messages. We've yet to hear back from him ourselves. In the meantime, I'll be sure to pass this project along to our moderation team for review. The fulfillment status of this project will be taken into consideration should the project creator try to submit another project. Were you abel to call any of those numbers and get responses? Found Phone Numbers: 630-252-7246 716-604-4026 But has a utility that was reported in 2013 @ 9599 CHARLESTON BLVD W LAS VEGAS, NV 89117-6654 JOHN SLABYK 1231 NW 10TH ST APT B WASHINGTON, DC 20001-6340 I clicked on the Report this Project to Kickstarter button about a month ago. Never got a response from them. It's sad to think that Kickstarter is okay with this asshole tarnishing their reputation. If you click on the "What is Kickstarter?" link at the top of the page, down towards the bottom it says: If a project is successfully funded, we apply a 5% fee to the funds collected. I know 5% isn't a lot, but it would be a great show of goodwill if Kickstarter took that 5% they collected and gave us all small partial refunds. @Al - that is an interesting thought. I mean, would he file a complaint knowing he has run off with all that money and that in so doing he would have to return money or make rewards to fulfill to backers? Unfortunately I think a lot more time would have to pass, and I don't know how practical it is. Unfortunately, I think the press is our best recourse at this juncture. As to Kickstarter, they can have policies, but you never know how a court might see how this site is actually run, and what obligation they actually do have. Policies do not necessarily absolve them of responsibility. They also claim this is not a store, and yet I believe that a case could be made to the contrary on many projects. They also state that creators must refund money or fulfill rewards. What responsibility do they have there? It is not as clear cut as - Kickstarter has no responsibility for anything. I think there is an argument they do have some responsibility despite their stated policy. @AI Unless Slabyk gave us his artwork file that's basically an impossible proposition. The amount of time spent recreating the work that has already been done and filling in the gaps that we never saw would be outrageous IMO. a pretty interesting idea brought up by a backer earlier was to relaunch founders cards on our own and see if slabyk would file a copyright claim perhaps From Kickstarter's perspective, they have not failed in any way. The terms of service clearly says they are in now way responsible for projects that fail (such as this one). Outside of the people who get screwed by project creators such as John Slabyk, no one seems to care that a project failed or see Kickstarter as being responsible. Ultimately, the terms of service has no teeth to compel project creators to fulfill their obligations. It only protects Kickstarter from situations like this: "Kickstarter is not liable for any damages or loss incurred related to rewards or any other use of the Service. Kickstarter is under no obligation to become involved in disputes between any Users, or between Users and any third party arising in connection with the use of the Service." That said, I talked to a reporter about this issue specifically. We'll see if that turns out to be an interesting angle for them. @ Jeff - agreed. Kickstarter may have policies.etc, but any case can be made. For anyone contacting news outlets, should Kickstarter's failure to help in any way whatsoever also be highlighted? Perhaps if they start taking hits publicly, they'll actually get off their asses and do something to help instead of hiding behind their TOS. He may attempt to retreat, but there is just too much info out there, and that info has been saved by folks here, for it to matter at this point. Taking it down would be rather pointless. @Ira Burton it seems both of those Facebook accounts are visible if you're logged in to Facebook. At least they are for me. Strange. Here's Shane Parrish's (friend/colleague of John's) Facebook page in case anyone else wants to reach out to him to: <url>"try to find harmony," or "Endeavor to discover agreement." any tried a Whois lookup on his domain? here is some info on it as it doesn't seem private John Slabyk 1231 10th street Washington DC 20001 1-312-312-2012 <email> info could be fake but who knows Both of the FaceBook links posted a few days ago are now dead. They are retreating. @Jeff Jenness I'm not sure what website was at h.dodsr.com but the main website for the project (www.dodsr.com) is still up and running. John has now taken down the site <url>"identity" across the web. I am guessing that he feels he can slip into anonymity or we will fall into forgetfulness if he disappears from the Internet. I think that's just as naive as believing he can run away with $37,092 and not have to account for it. How deep can he dig that hole? Apparently, pretty deep! What stinks is I really wanted these cards.... Now I just want some kind of closure I agree with finding this guy any way possible. count me in for getting our money back I am just leaving a note to encourage those who are investigating. I am sure there are a lot of silent partners here hoping to see this come to some kind of conclusion: cards or refund. Since he has not really communicated anything at all, it's also clear that there were not extenuating circumstances in this situation ... he just up and ran with the money and committed "wire fraud". Have we located his place of employment? If there is anything to be done, please let us all know. @Kevin M. Fantastic! Hopefully that reporter does a article or story on this. I don't want it to die out and he just gets away with everybody's money. Oh, and John disconnected his Facebook account from this project in the last few days. I'm guessing he has 100% given up on the project and feels justified because of our complaining. Here's a link to his Facebook account. I would encourage everyone to send him a barrage of inbox messages. <url>"Stephen Geer" who is now a partner at a company called OMP Direct. He previously worked with John on the Obama Campaign. He definitely knows where he is because he's posted a photo of him in the last month at the scottish right of freemasonry court in washington. - <url>"Yes, I know Greg. I'd totally say Greg would do something like that LOL. Sorry bud" Now that John's Facebook friends are no longer visible on his page, I inboxed the 8-9 people who have liked photos he has posted to say that John has fallen off the face of the earth and I'm trying to contact him. It has been a week and no one has replied. @Giddyup, I'd say the MOST important was the legal issue. He received a C&D in regards to the project, after he had spent money. He produced a successful deck Before Army Men and thought he had planned for everything. Bad stuff happens, and the lesson from Army Men, Vortex (Who took forever to ship, because he spent a crap-ton of money on personal stuff), Asylum (Who CLAIMS someone else used the money within the company on the wrong project - but the guy is a liar and traveling around, posting pictures of expensive cigars and bourbon on his twitter) is do not touch the KS money until you have your project finished. @Giddyup, thanks for posting that. After I posted, I scrolled through the comments over on the Army Men page and found that someone had posted the full update Adam posted with the status. Fascinating stuff. Again: thanks. A number of things went wrong with Army Men. The most important one was that he spent some of the money on other stuff: "It bears noting that some of the money was already spent. As there should have been a profit I took care of some student loan debt that my wife and I have both accumulated." After that, he didn't have enough money to finish the project. I think he tried to stretch it out by not giving updates (this is a common theme for all failed projects) and was scrambling to try to get the money he had spent. When the natives started getting restless and started threatening legal action, he confessed. He offered to issue refunds in a kind of sketchy way (wanted people to fill out a SASE, send that to him, and he'd start to issue refunds two months later). More threats of legal action.... As of July 30, he says he has issued $13,000 (out of $16,000+) in refunds (I received mine). Others are still waiting for their refunds. I suspect he's issuing a few with each paycheck from his day job. This thread on United Cardists has more if you're interested: <url>"the cause" if we are diligent about this, it will serve as an example and establish a precedent and make people like John Slabyk think twice about running Kickstarter scams. I would hope we would have the support of Kickstarter, as this would lend some credibility to the website. Right now, it is too easy for someone to just walk away with backer money. A quick Google search will show that John Slabyk is his real name, it's not a pseudonym. It would have been nice to get the cards from a lot of these abandoned projects. I particularly liked the Army Men cards. Legally, however, the card designs are still his. USPCC would never accept them as a project from anyone but the owner. One call from Slabyk and they would shut any such attempt down. Besides, it's not clear (to me) whether the images provided here are high enough resolution. Not that it matters. @Sam Gong, l'm not sure it's possible (for copyright laws etc.) but.. could be very nice.. someone could open a new KickStarter project "Founders reloaded". In my opinion the "so called" Slabyk should give written permission. BTW, I'm pretty sure that Slabyk is a fictional name. Do you remember that he claims to have worked for Obama? Well, this guy was really working for Obama <url>"John Slabyk". My 2 cents. AGAIN... BECAUSE ANYONE READ THIS... Last week, I sent an email to The U.S. Playing Card Company and this was his response: De: "Singson, Nicole" Fecha: 18 de septiembre de 2013 14:45:11 GMT+1 Asunto: FW: Founders Playing Cards Good morning, Although we have been in contact with the creator of Founders Playing Cards about this Kickstarter project, to date there has been no recent movement and nothing has been printed. Nikki Singson Custom Sales Representative The US Playing Card Company 300 Gap Way | Erlanger, KY 41018 ( 859-815-7413 | 7 859-815-7493 | ( Toll Free 1-800-543-2273 |Visit us online If this is not proof enough that we've been robbed, I don't know what else we can do. Pitchforks & torches aside- I really just want my cards. I feel it would be morally right to take the designs to the printers ourselves, does anyone know if we have legal recourse to do so? I filled out a complaint with the New York Attorney General using reference posted below by Jeff. @Kevin I've gone through Greg's instead, contacted his parents and girlfriend last Thursday. But Facebook says they still haven't read my messages yet... I absolutely LOVE that since I posted my comment about contacting all of John Slabyk's Facebook friends, he has made his list of friends private. So, I guess Mr. Slabyk is reading our comments! Personally, I think that, even though it seems pretty unlikely, he still thinks that he will be able to complete this project and fulfill everyone's orders. I really doubt it at this point and just stop back from time to time for the entertaining comments. Last week, I sent an email to The U.S. Playing Card Company and this was his response today: De: "Singson, Nicole" Fecha: 18 de septiembre de 2013 14:45:11 GMT+1 Asunto: FW: Founders Playing Cards Good morning, Although we have been in contact with the creator of Founders Playing Cards about this Kickstarter project, to date there has been no recent movement and nothing has been printed. Nikki Singson Custom Sales Representative The US Playing Card Company 300 Gap Way | Erlanger, KY 41018 ( 859-815-7413 | 7 859-815-7493 | ( Toll Free 1-800-543-2273 |Visit us online If this is not proof enough that we've been robbed, I don't know what else we can do. Bill collecting wise, is it acceptable to contact former employers? I don't have the telephone number, but I believe the address of one of John's former employers is 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., Washington DC. Maybe someone there can get in touch with him? So there is a phone number for the guy? I don't want to call (high costs from the UK), but what happens when you guys try to call? You will also need to provide your personal contact information. It's sad, but I felt that this is my only recourse. I tried to believe but seems it was in vain. Here is some help if you want to fill out the suggested complaint to the New York Attorney General's office at: <url>"wire fraud", at least. There were 1,138 backers of this project with a total investment of $37,092. Here is the website of his legal obligation: <url>"For abuse, please send inquiries to <email>." I feel abused. Do you? The site <url>"security." But Slabyk's work was well respected. What a shame. I've been screwed, I guess. There are 1,138 backers. A dollar has no more merit than $200. So, we're all victims. But, I have to admit, I'm one of ten. I invested $200 with the hope that I could get the rewards, spread this fella's talent and skills to folks who seek a great designer....and, give a few high-end mementos to friends. I'm following up with the Illinois Attorney General - a friend of mine who is also seeking re-election and might just be looking for a great headline or two. I gave you time Slabyk. The benefit of the doubt. But, the lack of response, the deletion of your social media accounts and so forth....screw it. What a talent you've wasted. and I agree with you wholeheartedly, you just know how smug they think they are when they posted that "we've landed on the moon" update... WOAH HEAVY... Greg Johnson ... You are the man! Thank you for your hard work sir. Not about the money at this point. It is about the principle. It is about a smug little thief and his equally sleazy brother and making sure they don't take advantage of anyone else. Complaints are filed with the ny attorney general, FBI and my local police. They will be arrested on multiple counts of Internet fraud. Their Internet activity and financial transactions will be uncovered and any other shady activity they are or have been involved in will be brought to the light. It's done I got a charge-back through my bank, merchandise not received. With most banks you can do this online, as I did. Took <5mins. Talked to police. It gets better. They recommended the FBI due to it involving so many victims ,37,000 and being an interstate crime. I see Greg slabyk has removed his Facebook page. I'm going to file an official police report. If Greg Slabyk received the money, attempts should be made to contact him. Facebook: <url>"passions" is unacceptable. Greg, thank you for your hard work. People in kickstarter were saying there's nothing we can do for refunding, but honestly, we can still take action against said creator if necessary. And considering it has been past 6 months without update, it is time to shake the hornet's nest. I'm only patient with these things when people give updates to their own projects, their supposed babies and passions they are trying to get created. Whether it is scamming or incompetence, I demand a response to this project or action WILL be taken. Cheers Greg for calling! John logged in today so he knows whats up. WHERE YOU AT JOHN It should be said, this is NOT!!!! a confirmed telephone number or address. I called left a polite message, and the reason for my call. but the voice on the message sounded like a rather nice mother. we should NOT harass this number with phone calls. I and everyone else is frustrated, but before we bring innocent people, that may not have any idea what this is about, into the mix, let's take another deep breath. The number and address is useful for IC3.gov complaints, but I really think we should leave its use at that. So the facts appear to be as follows: John M (markian) slabyk of 25 Stearns, Buffalo, NY 14218 (716) 822-3643 and is known for creating the Obama logo (famously known for it according to his own words) and the Buffalo Sabers logo, kicked off the Founders Playing Cards project on Kickstarter in February 2013. The project was fully funded March 13th 2013. He raised $37,000 . The day after funding his Wiki page was deleted? Delivery was scheduled for July. July 24th was his last cryptic update telling us the cards, coins t-shirts were being finished. Interestingly enough USPCC has no record of John Slabyk or his designs, so we know the cards were in fact, never being printed. After July 24th there was nothing. Zero contact. there have been 104 posted comments to John and his dept. of design. We have made attempts to contact him through facebook, linkedin, and every other social media/email associated with him, or his name. The $37,092 in amazon payments went to his brother Greg Slabyk. So he is clearly involved. We know he logs into kickstarter for which this is his only project, so we know he has seen all the requests,pleas, and comments associated with his account. Still nothing. Multiple internet fraud reports have been filed with IC3.gov from various backers of this project. Still no response. It has been months since anyone has heard from him, or what he did with the money. It seems very clear, he thought he could walk away with $37,000 and eventually people would forget about it. we won't. He even looks like a complete **** Guys... bad news... i've been doing some internet searches... looks like john has recently spent our money on a lavish holiday... <url>~Markian-Slabyk/133161499 - A.k.a John M Slabyk, Anyone from the states game to give the Slabyk home residence a call? Probably belongs to his mom and dad, Donna and Markian Slabyk, care to let them know what their son has been up to? 25 Stearns, Buffalo, NY 14218 (716) 822-3643 Just remember this guy has $37000 of our money hahaha john taunting us with his logins... whatever dude Who ruins their career (and it will) over 37000 dollars. I wonder if he lost hope when Jackson Robinson came out with the fed 52 deck. Jackson is 1000 times the graphic designer slabyk is and a professional. Slabyk probably compared his work to Jackson's and in a fit of **** rage wept all over his originals, thereby having nothing to send to uspcc . He probably just jumped on his big girl bed and bit his pillow Manik, it is cool if you want to keep hopes high, but we don't. This guy has given us every reason to believe we just got scammed . There isn't an intelligent argument on earth in defense of slabyk's behavior. None. You can let this guy shit on your head, and thank him for the hat, but we don't feel so charitable. Name one job on earth , Where this flys. We are the client and he fucked us over. Manik, you are in la-la-land if you're trying to compare a fabricated production printer to a simple offset print job. Both are totally different and anyone with half a brain you would know it. John had all the artwork done before going to kickstarter. This money is for the purpose of production. Sure, maybe he needed to rejig the artwork here and there, but it shouldn't have taken him more than a month max. I doubt he would have needed to anyway if he's already got a quote from the card company (how else would he have come to the magic 13,000 goal)???? Why you are still vehemently trying to defend this guy... is it because you both worked on Obama's campaign that you think he is your fellow brother? You probably never even met the guy which means you don't own him shit dude. If anything it makes you more sketchy...! I dont know how many times we all have to spell it out for you... someone of your skill set and calibre cannot be this naive!!!! If you want to keep playing the "normal human adult, let's keep waiting" game as a smokescreen for the fact that you got burnt by your "fellow brother", go for it... don't think that by trying to defend mr slyback here makes you out to be a martyr or something... it only makes you look like a dummy! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @dean Your questions are irrelevant—I never said I would contact him or that he should reply to me. I said I would be patient because, as a normal human adult, I knew what I was getting myself into before I sent a magic website my money. Yo Manik Rathee, thanks for the reply and the unnecessary updates on your life but you still didn't answer my questions... Did you manage to get into contact with him? or did he end up replying to you? How did you feel your "patience" help you in getting in contact with him? or are you still patiently waiting? "Kind Regards" Dean. Anyone receive their decks, yet? I haven't been able to get a response from these folks. @Dean This week, I received a project that closed backing on Oct 8, 2012. I am also waiting for another project that closed backing on Oct 13, 2012, was set to DELIVER in March of this year, and still hasn't been shipped. So yea, I'm good on being patient, but thanks for checking in. Such a kind soul. because he is a little B*&CH I wonder if John Slabyk's parents ever wish they had a son? Kevin M., I would throw in for the $33 that I sent to the thief that took my $33 with this project. Yo Manik Rathee, Where you at? still waiting on Jon's reply? how's that working out for you? did you get to speak to him when he logged in a few hours ago? Maybe we should wait another 5 months... The Founders creator did leave his email address in the very first comment he left on his page: <email> we could all try emailing it (if it still works) in addition to all the other ways that have been discovered. I've also sent personal messages with zero response. He should feel ashamed...complete disregard for humanity. I filed the IC3 complaint as well. I am very disappointed, I was going to use these as gifts this Christmas. I realize my posts have escalated in frustration, We have several guys here where I work who collectively are into this guy for several hundred bucks. The more we talk, the more pissed we get. That being said, I have cooled down. My complaint has been filed. He has logged in, He has seen our frustration, and he has remained silent. this project is way overdue, ZERO communication, Zero responses to emails and posts to every single internet based communications means he has his named tied to. The government is involved for god's sake. Still nothing. a single sentence of explanation would clear up everything. Still nothing. The evidence suggests we have been taken for 37,000 dollars. my guess is he meant for this to be a project. Got the money and either blew it, or realized it wasn't enough to cover the actual production costs and he freaked out and froze. I think he stuck his head in the sand and hoped it would just go away. He is probably realizing that getting answers and our money back has become to some of us,our new religion. I for one despise the idea of being taken advantage of. I will issue a very public apology and cancel my internet fraud filing if this guy would contact me with an explanation and/or a refund. that's it Any idea on when the rewards will be shipped? Yeah I'm one of the people on the "probably not a scam" train. That said, all the updates are in the first person plural ("We've finished" "We plan" "we were hoping" "we'll have an update"). Are there multiple people working on this, or are you just using the royal we? I'm assuming you're just the one guy. A couple of your friends have stepped forward to defend you in the comments, and I guess I'm wondering why you can't ask one of them to write some updates for you? To my mind at least, there's nothing wrong with having social anxieties or whatever. But play to your strengths, yeah? If your strengths lie entirely in design and not at all in communication, then maybe somebody else should do the communication. You ain't gotta do it all, man. According to his profile page: The Department of Design Last login Sep. 05, 2013 Maybe he's typing an update right now? Or maybe he's reading our frustrations? I filed an internet fraud case with IC3.gov . Thanks,Bandar his next background check will result in an interesting conversation for this unethical creep. sell voodoo dolls of these thieving little skells for a $20 pledge, potato in their tailpipe for $30 and so on I would throw in $10 as well. You should open it up to other failed projects from the DC area to get additional funding sources. You could become the Kickstarter Bounty Hunter. @Kevin that's worth a 10 dollar pledge from me. I would be interested in seeing the pledge tiers and add ons I think I'm going to start a Kickstarter to get people to fund me flying to DC for a couple of days to see if I can find John and talk to him. Plane fare and a couple nights in a hotel won't cost much. Anyone interested? :-D I officially hate this flaky, theiving POS kick his door in @Paul Graf, I've said this before but I have to imagine SOMEONE who donated to the project lives in the DC area and could drive by his address at 1231 10th Street and knock at the door. Any voluneers? His login IP address can be tracked. Maybe we should ask Kickstarter to provide that information. This may not give us his address, but the IP could reduce the possibilities. @Giddyup, the difference between Creature Cards and Founders is that Gary has a real brick and mortar business here in Beaverton where I live, and where a person can go visit the guy and actually talk to him and see what is going on. John, on the contrary, is nowhere to be found. He assigned an alleyway address to his dodsr website, he's lived in several cities and states, and since he doesn't communicate with anyone, it is much easier to jump on the scam bandwagon. I quote one guy name (k) in another project say "If no word is heard from you (truths- not bs stories) I will be contacting IC3.gov ("The Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) is a partnership between the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the National White Collar Crime Center (NW3C)") tomorrow to try to get back my funds or, at the least, make life difficult for yourselves and your company. I will also make sure kickstarter doesn't host any of your future ideas on their site." Hope that will help guys @dean. Genius, I love the website idea. I tried to go there, but got nothing.... Is there still hope? Perhaps. Another card project, "Creature Cards" has just started shipping. Creature Cards funded on 11/21/2012. By contrast, Founders funded on 3/13/2013. Like Founders, the creator of Creature Cards wasn't a fan of updating backers on the current status of the project. It's possible/probable that the continued pressure from backers had something to do with Creature Cards finally making good. For what it's worth.... @Dean - I wasn't suggesting making a half-baked professional site. I was suggesting making a fully-baked professional site. You say you want to "take the piss out of another designer". Ask yourself what exactly you mean by that. What real world consequences would you like to see happen to The Department of Design and will your actions help in that regard? Personally, I believe you're wasting your time by doing what you're describing. However, it's your time to waste as you see fit. You guys are all entitled to your opinions, but in the end i think my way is the best. It's also going to be funny in terms of the work involved and how i can focus my attention in a positive sense. I am not dedicating my time to make some half-baked "professional" infomercial site. This isn't A Current Affair or consumer watchdog, this is one designer taking the piss out of another designer. If you dont get the humour involved, that's fine, you guys are more than welcome to start your own websites? no one is stopping you dudes. @Dean - Shea is correct. If your goal is to make Mr. Sleestak feel some of the "pain" he has inflicted on others over this, be as professional as you can, keep your emotions in check, and stick to the facts. The facts are enough to hurt him. If I were researching this guy for a potential job and saw a site like what you are describing, I might just dismiss it (depending on exactly how it was made) and chalk it up to a disgruntled Internet weirdo stalker - of which there are oh so very many (you even mentioned stalking....) If, however, I saw a professionally made site that laid out the (verifiable) facts of what happened here in a straightforward manner, I would take it VERY seriously. Decide which outcome you want to occur and work toward that. While it may make you feel better calling him names, it won't bother him in the slightest. I like both ideas. Do the site in your own way but maybe add a link to a section that shows the truth behind it all Urgghhhh Shea dude, way to paint me as a jilted ex-lover with an axe to grind. I never said he was a crap designer (have a read at one of my first comments). It's the fact that he is such a good designer that decided to do this is what erks me. What you've pointed out is what i plan to do... Except i want to do it in the first person. What the fuck is wrong with wanting to design the website in the first person? I want to make a parody of him to balance all this crap that comes up when you search about his name. "The Department of Design & Semiotic Research is devoted to the cultivation of efficient communication through analysis & understanding of the systemic, cyclical and mercurial movement of information through complex systems and the emergent forces of function & form." You dont think that long-winded elitist bio deserves to be taken down a notch??? @Dean- my problem ain't with the website so much as with the approach you said you were going to take( you said you were going to pretend to be this clown and pretend its a portfolio, etc.). How about you just do it as yourself. State the FACTS of this whole debacle. Dude launched a Kickstarter, made a lot of dough from a good number if people, offered jack communication, has still not delivered, etc. Reference everything on this Kickstarter site possible, from his own idiotic update comment about the moon to the high number of comments by people who are angry about his behavior. You load a your site with facts that can be backed up by this Kickstarter, like a bad, but intelligently put together review, you'll make more of an impression. You do a site where you say "I'm "this guy", and I did "this" and I'm "that", and I'm a crap designer" and I'm a "thief", it'll come off as just some faceless nameless cat on the web who doesn't like this Slabyk guy and has an axe to grind (and I ain't saying you don't have a reason to be ticked with the guy). I've been a working graphic designer for 20 years. Trust me, you do a reasoned, poor review of this guy and his WORK ETHIC, or startling lack of, which ever the case may be) with the undeniable FACTS laid out for everyone to see, you'll be better off. And even if by some miracle the guy delivers, you've still got a completely VALID and HONEST review of his performance, there for everyone to see. and really, doesn't this whole thing boil down to a certain individuals HONEStY? No disrespect meant man, but you asked. @Shea, thanks for the legal advice dude, but you need to relax and ride this train out. As i stated, i am not from the states, no crime has and will be committed. This is not identity theft (i am not using his "details" to commit fraud). It doesnt matter if i have a domain in his name. People have domains in my name, doesnt mean i am legally entitled to it. I implore John to come after me, hire as many red-blooded stateside lawyers as he can. let's see what case he has? because i promise you they will deliver as much as he's delivered here (nothing). People write negative reviews for restaurants all the fucking time. Business owners attempt to sue reviewers for slander e.t.c. How many times do they win? Like i said, this website is to review John's performance and no-show... i am not disparaging his character, i am stating facts. But just to play fair, what would you suggest I do Shea? give me a solution and i'll take it into consideration. I'm serious. You say things like "hope he gets what he's got coming" but you don't seem too enthused about the idea of a website highlighting his scam? Gotta crack some eggs if you want to make an omelette mate. @Shea and Dean, I really don't think John will care about this website idea one way or another. He cannot, for the life of him, add a single comment to this section where several people have voiced their concern or outrage; what makes you think he would pick up a phone or send an email to an attorney? If you google his name, this comments section shows up as the ninth entry in the search results. That alone should make him want to set the record straight, if he is concerned that others may stumble onto this forum. But he doesn't seem to care (re-read Update #17 where he acts like nothing is wrong at all and addresses ZERO issues that have arisen from this campaign), and so I doubt that a website will shame him into anything. I think that the catharsis is about all you'll get out of the website and about all we'll get from complaining about this guy in an open forum. I just have a gut feeling that this campaign is over and we have already heard the last of John. Unless, of course, there is another lunar landing!!! @Dean-In the States, it would take all of 10 seconds for a lawyer to jump on this. You've purchased a domain name that is his name, you've stated in public by this comment section that your intent is to impersonate him in order to slander him and possibly cause him future financial harm, again by tarnishing his reputation ( beyond what this clown has done to himself). So identity theft, slander, libel are all things that any red blooded stateside lawyer would jump on in a heartbeat. Don't get me wrong, if the guy scammed us, and I'm not convinced he has(there are any number of technical problems that could torpedo a project like this, which doesn't excuse his lack of updates/communication AT ALL), I hope he gets what he's got coming. But here, his scamming us, and some kind if revenge play by those he scammed are separate issues. If someone steals my car, i cant track them down and beat them to within an inch of their life, much as i'd like to. Do what you gotta do, I guess, but in the states you'd likely end up out way more in legal fees than what you are out in this Kickstarter. @Shea, thanks for the concern dude but i'm not from the US, so unless he has a time machine and wants to go back to my country, apply for PR and sue me before the fact then i think i'll be fine. Also out of curiosity... what do you think he can sue me for??? Libel? Defamation of Character?... hahahaha i think we have suitable grounds for criticism here am i right? Nice! Might want to mention that his brother (Greg Slabyk) is at least somewhat involved in this Kickstarter scam also. His name is the one on the Amazon payments account that took the funding. @Dean. Man, you are opening yourself up to a world if potential litigation. I'm ticked at the guy's lack of professionalism too, but you might need to let this website nonsense go, for your own sake. Also throwing it out there for anyone who wants to help (with written copy, designs, fan art submissions e.t.c). This is starting to become a very cathartic exercise so if you're finding that your harbouring a lot of ill-will towards john and need an outlet, i would recommend helping out. You can contact me at <email> (yep that's "slyback") Eric my man, it's coming soon. ;) I've decided to make it look like a portfolio site. "Hi my name is John Slabyk, i famously designed Obama's 08 Logo, i also scammed 1138 People of $37092 ... for more information on how i can ruin your business contact me" sort of vibe. haha I think it'll be fun. Will keep you guys posted! Site is not working for me. Is it up yet? Domain Name: JOHNSLABYK.COM Registrar URL: <url>"insane"? I am making a website reviewing John's poor performance, his deception and theft. I am not fabricating lies. This is a site dedicated to informing the public about John's ruse. Nothing more, nothing less. If he delivers, i'll gladly take it down. If he doesn't, i'll leave it up. This shit is so simple. If a nigerian scammer scammed your mom out of $37,000+ would you let people know about it? scream it from the mountains? go to the police? try and find this guy/gal? or would you take this pretty ignorant stance now? Fuck who knows right?… maybe this nigerian prince is taking a while to fufill his promised payments… you guys just need to just wait dude…! "Realistically Mom, you invested in a scheme that is a few weeks late… let's keep waiting… Slightly late! = scam? You are bowlful of crazy mom… don't be so quick to judge." Sup Guys! i mentioned making a site earlier last week about making a website just to fuck with this guys life. Just an update, we are now the proud of owners of JohnSlabyk.com! Wooohoo! I've been stalking this guy a lot lately so i've built up a nice list of people to email this website once he's done. Past colleagues, friends, family e.t.c. I might even send it to his Mom! in the words of the great wu-tang clan we "ain't nothin' ta fuck wit"...! So he finally logged back in again yesterday after almost a month and still doesn't leave a comment or update. Unbelievable! @Tom I am a product designer, and the idea that because someone is creative excuses flaky behavior is garbage. flaky BS has no place in the design world, we are as accountable to clients, commitments and schedules as everyone else, period...I am curious what your parameters for patience are? 2 months after scheduled delivery, countless emails from countless backers with no response. I don't care if this character is the most talented human being alive, he owes us. The only reasonable excuse at this point for his complete negligence would be if he was dead...So if you are friends with this clown, please tell him to pull his head out of his a$$ and man up, and please stop defending indefensible bullsh**, it's weak. @Tom, while you are encouraging people to be patient, I am encouraging John to stand up like a man and answer us here. It's not about patience when we are dealing with a flake. @Tom If you guys run in the same circles is there any chance of you seeing him in the near future and confronting him about this project? Obviously electronic communications have proved pointless. I emailed John. No reply yet. He is profoundly talented designer who is known in some of the circles I run in and we have mutual friends. I encourage folks to be patient. He clearly did a lot of work. I found this info maybe someone in USA can try to contact him please... <url>"haters" because they expected an ounce if professionalism from this guy, Tom? Really? Well, still coming here, waiting for nothing, just to get some consolation from other backers. I will buy some of what the haters here are asking for refunds on. Slabyk, come back to us if you need something. I have gone out of my way and gone through EVERY avenue to reach out to this guy. Kickstarter, Facebook, Linked in, personal emails....I received nooooooo responses whatsoever. Crickets.... Like everyone else, who cares if it is late, that is not the point. SOB has our money, a lot of people are into him for HUNDREDS....anyone who wants to forgive this guy for taking your money, good for you, I applaud your forgiving nature. This passed being acceptable some time ago for me though. None of us are going to get these cards...USPC doesn't know this guy. Manik, I appreciate your input on this subject. I agree that mid August is not really late but as others have said, it's the lack of communication or the cryptic updates that are worrying. I don't advocate the vilification of individuals who are not deserving but in a case like this Mr. Slabyk seems to be willfully ignoring the individuals who have trusted him to deliver on a project they funded. An update is just a few keystrokes away for Mr. Slabyk but he continues to disregard anyone who simply wants an update. Again, as I have stated, I hope that Mr. Slabyk comes through on this project because it is worthy of the money I invested. The cards are beautiful. I will however be on the bandwagon to curse his name if he does not follow through on his obligation. i still trust that this is not a scam. the amount of work that went into this is pretty insane, and the guy's name is out there, with a friend commenting that claims to know him and know he is flaky. too elaborate to be a scam. but that doesn't change the fact that the guy needs to man up and post an apology and a real update with real information, even if that information is "we are 3 months behind schedule". rest assured i won't go near any product with this guy's name attached to it again. I, too, have backed several projects and I think ALL of them were late (some REALLY late). This one stands out -- mostly because of the lack of communication and the lack of response to a lot of comments from concerned backers. Even on the most chronically late project I've backed, the organizer will answer questions within a day or two. Even one posted photo of the cards sorted out would end this discussion entirely. There's been nothing. The fact that the survey was sent with no mention of t-shirt sizes is peculiar, and that makes me worry. If you're going to order t-shirts, you're going to need to know the sizes. Any t-shirt company you go to is going to expect that, and they often have suggestions for size distributions (for non-presale orders), etc. Considering that nearly all of his art work was already finished, how can he be busy fulfilling orders? The cards are sorted, right? Coins coming. Shirts printing. No time to answer one email? I've ordered many runs of t-shirts. It takes an email to the t-shirt company with the art work, a credit card and a phone call. Even if he's making the artwork, that takes hours, not days, and certainly not weeks. What kickstarter really needs is a rating system for organizers. This user's account has been deleted. @vtp8545 - I get that you want more communication, but jumping straight to 'this is a scam, lets figure out ways to ruin this person's life' seems insane to me. Instead, maybe this person is busy fulfilling the order. Reaching out to them (odd that this needs to be said, but reaching out *calmly*) is a much better idea than making a site to paint this person as a scammer. Seems like several people have blown this far out of proportion bc they had a little support from other commenters. Realistically, you invested in a new product that is a few weeks late. Slightly late != scam You're obviously entitled to your own opinion on it, but considering this is my first time looking at this comments page, I have a fairly clear perspective. This user's account has been deleted. Estimated delivery is July, and it is mid August. That is not a tremendous amount of time - a tiny slip-up with a printer could cause this delay. I wouldn't be so quick to freak out and judge this person. You're doing your searches on this individual with the assumption that he's a scammer, so naturally everything you find can be twisted to arrive at that same conclusion. To date, I have not received a single kickstarter product by the estimated date. That's how production of new products works - things change, timelines change, and roadblocks pop up. I, for one, am going to continue to patiently wait for an update of some sort. My mistake, thanks for the clarification. Regardless of amazon or paypal, by the time you realize someone took your money and you aren't getting anything you have run out of time with both amazon and apparently paypal. a special arrangement with these funding sources needs to be arranged to protect backer investment. I will check out indieGoGo. thanks @Greg There is already a "Kickstarter-esque" service that uses PayPal, it's called IndieGoGo. I'm not sure who told you that Amazon Payments has a ridiculously short statute of limitations compared to PayPal, because they were wrong. PayPal will not allow claims filed after 45 days from the payment date. Amazon Payments on the other hand (for 3rd party websites that use its service) allows up to 90 days. This is taken directly from Amazon's A-to-z Guarantee page (<url>"For purchases using Amazon Payments on a third-party website, you must wait 15 days from the order date to submit a claim. From that point, you have 75 days to submit the claim." That doesn't really help us here since it's past the 90 days, I'm just saying that Amazon Payments claim time is twice what PayPal's is. The only way it would really work is if Kickstarter accepted payment directly and held project creators accountable for their projects, however their terms are written in a way that Kickstarter is not held accountable for projects that don't follow through. I will spare everyone further posts from me, but I want to leave it on this note. I cannot find a way to contact anyone on Kickstarter that addresses this issue. I love Kickstarter but here is my prediction. Someone is going to the the brilliant idea of making a "Kickstarter-esque" web service that instead of using Amazon and its ridiculously short statute of limitations, will use paypal. This will offer the backers some protection (seller fraud via ebay model) The project leaders bank accounts will be tied to paypal, and if something goes south, paypal will pull the money back. it really is a shame that Kickstarter is so hands off about this. When you look at some of these backer tiers, they are for hundreds or even thousands of dollars. Once people realize they can simply lose that money with no recourse for recovery no one is going to pledge those tiers. Kickstarter will become what AOL is to Google and wonder what happened to their great idea. I guess somebody should start a kickstarter to fund the designing and hosting of johnslabykscam.com. @Jackson: First off, thank you for doing a campaign for a similar product but actually running it right. I appreciate the frequent updates, and yours is a polar opposite example of this one, a playing card Kickstarter done right. Unfortunately, I did go through Amazon, but their statute of limitations has expired. They denied me the first time and I tried refiling/escalating, and sure enough, the A to Z guarantee has a limit of 30 days. I'll try again with my credit card company and with Kickstarter directly, but I don't expect much luck. This may have already been stated but you may also file a refund dispute with amazon. Who ever owns the account with the money will get an email. Ohh , nevermind i get confused with my things , sorry Shelli Lintjer (<email>) has issued a full refund for your payment. Message from merchant: Unclaimed product so we have issued a refund. Anybody get a. Refund ,,, i just get my money back ... @Dean. What a great idea!!! I like the idea of a relentless campaign geared at motivating this POS to do right by the people he de frauded. In my office alone, 4 people have money into this and we all have this vision of the guy (and his brother) laughing in a bar ordering drinks with our money. I hope he gets what's coming to him. There are a lot of negative links to him at this point for anyone who Googles this arrogant little thief. John Slabyk, designer is a Con man and a thief....DO NOT HIRE THIS MAN!!!! Wouldn't it be funny if someone made a website disparaging John for the rest of his life? it would totally be like donthirejohnslabyk.com or johnslabykscam.com and it would feature his intention to defraud 1138 people who "trusted" him. It would pretty much be the yin (John Slabyk - the Snake - don't trust) to the Yang (John Slabyk - mad gun graphic designer for Obama). We can get the press involved and be on this "Kickstarter is a vehicle for scam-artists" bandwagon that seems to be happening at the moment. The story can be "John Slabyk tries to defraud kickstarter but all he got was this website ruining his reputation as a trustworthy guy." All we need is a graphic / web designer... who here is a graphic and web designer? Oh that's right i am. I seriously doubt anyone here is going to seek legal action against John, it's just such a headache to engage a legal team for a small paltry sum. That being said, he is having a free $37,092 lunch on us and that just annoys me to bits... Actually that annoys me a lot, John using his goodwill and rep as Obama's designer to launch a bogus campaign. John Slabyk, Super-Cool-Mad-Designer who i looked up to, liked and respected (actually thought your thinking on logotype creation for the Obama campaign were pretty smart) ... Whatever dude, we live in the world of the "internets" and you can't do something like this and expect to get away with it. Someone needs to bring you down a notch and i am more than happy to do it...! If anyone wants to know it seems like his brother was in on this job as well. At least he promoted it on his facebook that he was apart of the project. (claimed to have worked on it the past year) Greg Slabyk <url>"Department of Design". Jackson Robinson is an amazing artist and savy kickstarter. His projects are the model of what a kickstarter project should be. his federal 52 decks blow my mind. His communication is awesome and he keeps every backer constantly in the loop. This Founders BS is the only project I have backed (and I back more than my bank account would recommend) that I have gotten screwed on. This Clown (he is an unethical flake and a clown apparently) is the exception, not the rule. Ok, When I said "clown" I meant "person". Just disappointed that my first backing would turn out like this. More disappointed because they are spectacular cards and still really want a deck. Hopefully the person behind this project will come through in the end. I did look up Jackson Robinson, he has great projects and will be backing one of his soon. Thanks again for the heads up Paul. Paul, Thanks for your message. I will keep an eye out for other playing card projects etc. Perhaps my next experience will be more positive. Certainly disappointing that this clown has no respect or sense of responsibility. Have a good one. @Matt E, that's sad to hear. Sorry that your experience on KS went south on your first time out. My experiences on KS have been just the opposite of this project. Jackson Robinson and other artists have done phenomenal jobs with their campaigns, the cards they produce, and delivery of those cards. Perhaps you can find a campaign that interests you and has a lot of comments involving the creator and backers discussing things and everyone having a good time and the feeling that the creator is truthful and honest and appreciates the people who helped them reach their dream. In any regards, good luck!!! Whether or not this guy delivers on his project, I can promise that my opinion of Kickstarter projects has been soured. It is my first project and likely my last. So much for testing the waters... to the creator of this deck: have little respect for the people who appreciated and trusted what you presented as a project. I don't care how flaky you are in life or how uncomfortable it is for you to communicate with all of us. put on your big boy pants and man up. You have our money and we either want a refund or the product. I click on the link from the email for the survey and it just brings me to the homepage of the project... am I missing something here? Last update on July 24th, but there was still more to come. Why am I not surprised it has not happened? Well July has passed and still nothing, maybe that will wake folks up If the Estimated delivery is July, I will give them July. I tried to contact him as well and received no response. Also I didn't see an appropriate category to file a complaint with Kickstarter on this...I don't blame Kickstarter, but they need a mechanism to protect backers from fraud. By providing the forum for someone to solicit money for services, they are in essence endorsing the solicitor. and whether or not that stands legally, it is certainly the perception of everyone who supports Kickstarter projects. If you can't guarantee what people are committing money to, soon you won't have anyone willing to commit any. That would be a shame because Kickstarter has great value I don't know why people actually thought this might come through by end of July. In the Risks section he mentions July 4 as the delivery date, that should have set off some alarm bells when that date was missed and we heard nothing. But everyone here was clamoring about how end of July was some magical date So is this legit or not? has anyone heard from this guy? Obviously it is the end of July and nothing... Nadia I'm from Italy. Don't know if it's possible Any other international backers here? Do anyone know how I can get my money back, if it's even possible? Yeah Daver I agree. This is about the opposite of one of Brads projects. Lesson: First created + no Facebook + no real name = good risk of scam I won't back projects like that any more. This user's account has been deleted. @J Caldwell, they can say it all they want, it is just legal speak for "Kickstarter takes no liability for anything.". I could put in my TOS that by using my site you owe me your soul, but it does not make it enforceable. The simple fact of the matter is that even the TOS acknowledge the potential need for refunds and returns, just as any retail store would. They are trying to convince people that they are not a store as a way to absolve themselves of responsibility, not because they believe it to be true. Perhaps 'store' is not the best term, how about bazaar? @ J Caldwell - all that is just legalese for - Kickstarter takes no liability. In other words, Kickstarter doesn't want to be sued. It doesn't change the fact that creators essentially set up temporary shop here to get pre-orders for something they wish to produce. Pre-orders give them the money needed for production and an indication of demand. Otherwise as I said below, projects should end as soon as they are funded. @Ira - I agree it essentially is pre-ordering a product. And if enough people want the product the creator gets money up-front so he/she can afford to make it. I will take it a step further. If it was only about raising the funds, a Kickstarter should end when the goal is met. At that point - dream fulfilled. Projects continue well beyond that because people want the offered "reward" for their "pledge." It's not a store. "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." Kickstarter isn't involved in shipping, production, design, inventory, etc. All that is the responsibility of the creator. Furthermore... "Kickstarter is not liable for any damages or loss incurred related to rewards or any other use of the Service. Kickstarter is under no obligation to become involved in disputes between any Users, or between Users and any third party arising in connection with the use of the Service. This includes, but is not limited to, delivery of goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with campaigns on the Site. Kickstarter does not oversee the performance or punctuality of projects. The Company does not endorse any User Submissions. You release Kickstarter, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, damages, and demands of every kind, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the Service." It's not a store. It's at best a clearing house. If you want a refund, you'll end up talking to dude, not Kickstarter. You put up venture capital, with a stated promise of reward. There are many things out there that folks put up VC for that fail, and folks are out their VC and have no reward. This has happened before with Kickstarter projects (or other crowd funding sites). Post hoc ergo propter hoc. Just because Kickstarter takes your money and distributes it to someone who says they will distribute something does not mean they are a store. I used to buy in to the whole "Kickstarter is not a store" argument, but that is just not true. The terms of service for the site state that if the creator does not deliver on the rewards, he must refund backers money. 1) I give creator money in return for the promise of some good or service in the future. 2) Creator creates and sends me something to fulfill their earlier commitment, transaction complete. -or- 3) Creator fails to do what the committed to do, then I ask for a refund, which per TOS and the law, they are obligated to do, transaction complete. I fail to see how this differs from any other store that offers preorders of products/services. Therefore, Kickstarter is a store. I can say that the sky is not blue, but that does not make it so. Nobody said it was a Kickstarter requirement. Just because it isn't a requirement doesn't mean people shouldn't be upset for a lack of communication. If you go into a department store and ask an employee a question and rather than answer you they just ignore you, you're going to be a bit annoyed with them aren't you? I mean, they're not required to answer you, but that doesn't mean it's not upsetting when they don't. I don't think anyone is really asking for that much, just a small update on the progress every couple of weeks would be sufficient I think it's a shame, because with just a bit more communication during the funding, this campaign would most likely have been much more successful. And the lack of updates post funding makes people hesitant to back future projects. Again, no where does Kickstarter require someone to communicate. They suggest that they do. Dude has communicated. Not like people want, but if the argument is that he's not, he has. Just not what you wanted to. We all gave him money to complete a project. We did so with out stipulation. There was no stipulation about updates, or what is in the updates, or even respect. Do I think it is a poorly managed project from a communication standpoint? Yes. Am I frustrated a bit? Yes. Was there a requirement of communication? No. Do I get to ding someone for an expectation that isn't a requirement? No. Will this influence me backing any other projects of dude's ? Yes. I'm sorry for this project I will echo what Debbie has said. Almost nobody is upset about delays. Also, nobody is asking him to have perfect communication skills. What we are asking is for him to have SOME communication skills. Literally all most backers are asking for is to say the current status every few weeks. That's a 5 minute commitment every couple of weeks, nobody's day job would interfere with that. "Hey guys, things are coming along nicely, designs have been sent off to USPCC and I'm currently waiting for proofs." "Got the proofs back, making a few final adjustments and then they'll be off to the printers!" "Just got words from USPCC that the decks are being printed, you guys will have your decks soon!" "Decks just arrived on my doorstep! Rewards are now on their way out the door, expect you item in the mail very soon." There ya go, there's a few boilerplate updates, now he doesn't even have to write them. Just post those when each event occurs. My .02 cents worth. How about a creator taking a few minutes to give those who pledged him money a proper update. Especially when he is getting emails asking and it has been 2 months. It isn't the delays that are making people upset. It is the feeling that this is a scam. Backers gave this guy a lot of money. They deserve at least an update on how the project they supported is coming and why there are delays if there are any. You cannot just drop out of sight. It is not respectful to those who gave money to fund a dream. He also set up rewards to those who donated. It isn't a store, but he also said he would send backers things for their pledge. So enough with the store argument. How about respecting backers. Just saying. My .02 cents worth. Kickstarter isn't a store. Most projects ship late. Most folks don't have experience launching a project, or if it is a successful project, handling the volume or the project management aspects. Most of these guys have day jobs and this is a dream of theirs to do. I think a lot of folks complaining would be in the same situation. Having perfect communication skills and keeping everyone informed at all times isn't a requirement with Kickstarter to launch a project. Showing that it isn't pie-in-the-sky and you've done your due diligence is, which he showed. That doesn't mean there isn't any risk, and he has yet to miss a dead line of the project. So how about you all calm down a bit, accept the risk you signed on to and be patient. Jeff, I am not making any excuses for the guy, but I don't believe him to be scamming us. I just think he has abhorrent communication and management skills. I understand not everyone is the best at dealing with the public, but like you mentioned logging in at least once a week (or even a month) to say, "Sorry guys, been a delay due to [reason for delay]. I will update you guys with the progress once I know more." should be outside the realm of anybody's communication skills. And if they are, get somebody to do it for you. Are the cards great looking? Yes, I'm still hopeful to receive them. Assuming I do get the cards from this project, will I back another Department of Design project? Not sure at this point, I'd be quite hesitant unless I see a significant improvement of communication. OH and if i was this guy i would ignore you all as well, until i got most of the cards out. Large purchases like this are always very time consuming to ship. Tired of all this "relax, people" bullshit. In what world do you live in where you can't find 2 minutes in 3 months to login and post an update saying "Sorry folks, I've had some delays, but still working things out"? Quit making excuses for the guy, he deserves every bit of hate heading his way, even if he does fulfill the orders. People come on relax, give him a chance. You should expect at least a 2-3 month delay on most kickstarters. Its just how it goes, delays happen, if he had the product created/printed before the kickstarter he would not have needed the kickstarter money would he... Also no corporation will be there long if they give out personal info too anyone with an attitude on the phone. Come on people common sense. @Doug Not all artists are flaky! As bagheadinc said earlier, Jackson Robinson, one of the best artists on KS, is quite the opposite of a flaky person. And the majority of the playing cards I have backed were either delivered on-time or before, and the others that didn't, communicated any problems they were having. So, in my experience, it has been just the opposite. No printer is ever going to tell you confidential client information, regardless of who they are and how big the project is. Trust me on this. A random guy asking for privileged client information is going to get the same, "go away" answer. Besides non disclosure agreements and everything else a printer has to deal with, confidentiality breeches can ruin a printer's reputation. I have worked with printers who did Upper Deck trading cards and Playboy magazines—there is no way they are going to tell you anything. As a fellow designer, I can tell you that any self-imposed deadline on any project is hypothetical, and best case scenario. While you always try to hit that deadline, remember that times to complete anything can change hourly with a power outage, a crashed hard drive or the flu. And as an artist myself, I can tell you all unequivocally, that ALL artists, painters, designers, musicians and creative people are flaky. Seriously guys, we're nowhere near PANIC BUTTON time on this project. Hang in there. I also contacted USPCC, after we got the "on the moon" update. I received essentially the same reply as Matthew Miller, he's telling the truth. Also, John, if you decide to run another Kickstarter campaign, you should take Jackson Robison's campaigns as a shining example of how to properly run it. <url>"USPCC said this project is a fraud" doesn't necessarily make it true. @Ira: Wouldn't they say that they can't discuss customer projects instead of flat-out saying that the project didn't exist? I am skeptical about the statement from USPCC, I can't imagine they would just hand this information over in this day and age. I really don't know what to think about this right now... @Shane If John is known for "dropping of the map", then maybe you should suggest to him that he not try to run a KS again, since these kinds of things really do need to be managed by people who can communicate well with others (like his motto on his website suggests). Shane, have you spokent to him at all lately about the project? It just seems incredibly bizarre that he hasn't meaningfully communicated with anyone in a long while and has really upset a lot of people some of whom might actually have the means to legally go after him. Not a good way to start a business. @eric: my intent was not to "cover a buddies ass". but to just let you know that as someone who knows him well going radio silent is not out of character. the hope was to maybe easy i tiny bit of the stress, not to help defraud you. As far as why i hadnt posted early, i VERY rarely come to kickstarter. i just got the survey and then saw the number of comments so decided to peek in @Sahil Kambhampaty I'm relatively certain that USPCC doesn't just hand over customer information. Pretty much every reputable company would never give out client details or details of a client's project upon a random request. @joe: you are entitled to your opinion. i have zero to gain by misleading you. i just have had a long history of him dropping off the map and then coming back once he has finished something. i will reach out to him, but again the way he drops out of communication i dont know when he will actually get it. my only intent was to let you know that he is a real person (flaws and all) and i honestly dont feel one bit that its a scam... i just think he is overwhelmed and behind schedule. i wouldn't have backed this if i did @Shane If you just now felt the need to come out and tell us this, covering your buddies ass..., where have you been for the past 4 months? @Shane: I don't buy it for a second. If he's one of your closest friends, can you get him to post a meaningful update and respond to our private messages? It sounds like you're at least paying attention, so we'd like you to help us out. I still think this is crap. The survey is pretty much proof of that. I pledged add-on for both the Inaugural Coin and the American Ace T-Shirt, and you'd think he'd have the foresight to make sure the survey accounted for both, but it doesn't. Think about it; he posted a last-day run for getting more pledges for the add-ons, and if he was concerned about getting those to people, he'd make sure the survey had room for both, and however many people may have ordered, or at least a comment box. I'm going to try contacting him again, but I don't expect any response. To all: John is one of my closest friends. i have known him for 13yrs and can damn near guarantee that he has no intention of scamming people. That being said, he does go radio silent sometimes when he is working through things. My guess is that getting all of this stuff produced was a lot harder than imagined and instead of responding to messages he has been trying to sort it all out. Don't get your hopes up guys. He claimed in an update that he has spent 33 days going back and forth with the USPCC but when someone asked USPCC they said they have never heard of him. It's not impossible that he could now decide to print the cards after all but he's already proven to be a liar so I'm not optimistic. Survey doesnt always mean anything. And I know it looks shifty, but anyone involved in the Asylum Deck can tell you this is nothing... yet. Got my survey, too! I also got Survey I just got an e-mail to confirm my shipping address. So after all this drama, is the product shipping? Anyone else get the e-mail? Anyone on reddit? We should get the word out about this guy Call your bank. How do you get a refund if you paid with a debit card? Contact your credit card companies directly, people. You can still reverse this charge by going through your credit card. Given 3 days and no further info and the manufacture's message below, it seems pretty official. So the cryptic message must be saying - I am over the moon, your small step (money pledged), my giant check. Since he likes to go with the day in history thing, I will add one of my own. Jul 23, 1878: Black Bart strikes again @Matthew Good work, by the way. @Mathew I think that is about as official as you can get. I asked the following as a follow up question: Thanks. Anything by the 'Department of Design' or anything called the Founders Cards? Appreciate it. Their response: Hello Matt, We do not have anything under those names. Unfortunately I believe that the Kickstarter project from John Slabyk was a scam. Regards, Consumer Relations Thanks, Good Job. Hate to be double posting, but want to make sure everyone sees it (posted in the latest update comments as well). Here is my message to the USPCC. Hello, I backed a kickstarter project to produce cards printed by your company. I am starting to this that is was a fraud and they have no plans to produce a deck of cards to deliver to the folks who backed their project. I was wondering if you could help. Can you tell me if you are currently producing a deck of playing cards that matches the following kickstarter campaign? <url>"The Department of Design" out of Washington D.C. I believe the person's name is John Slabyk. Any thing you can tell me would be appreciated. Thanks, Matt "John Slabyk" is the name he has been going by since at least 2007-2009. Under the heading "What Change Looks Like" (this is referring to the Obama campaign): <url>"What is your question" click "My reward", and then click "creator accountability". 4. Then click "open a support ticket" and type your message. It says only to go this route if the creator has not made a good faith effort, and I think that definitely applies here up to this point at least. Also the options for reporting do not seem to apply to this situation. Strange that Kickstarter doesn't have such an option. It may be someone is using the name fraudulently, but I doubt it. I would think John Slabyk himself would have been onto it by now. He is a graphic designer and reportedly worked on the Obama campaign of 2008. This is no secret on the internet. He has done multiple projects - just do a search and it is all there. It seems very implausible that this is identity theft. Yea I think it's time to call it too. I don't know how he thought it was a good idea to up and abandon a project like this. Especially since his name, John Slabyk, is associated with it. Maybe someone is using the John Slabyk identity fraudulently? I'd say to click the "report this project" button at the bottom of the page so this issue could be brought to the attention of the Kickstarter staff, and from there attempt to recover your money. Good luck everyone and hopefully this is resolved somehow. Just did a little looking for dodsr and found this guy - John Slabyk. Same name and face I remember before on the website during the Kickstarter (now missing.) There are multiple references to his new company by this name over the internet. Does anybody know this guys name? I thought is was kind of funny when this guy did not want to send out any survey until he got the cards. He has a dead web site. He was to have it up & running 3 month ago. Has never backed a project. We are 2 weeks past the "delivery date," they aren't answering emails, dodsr.com is now just a front page and email link, facebook page has no activity, no survey, there has been no update in 2 months. At one time there was a name and face associated with this - now gone, This is screaming scam at this point, regardless the beautiful design work. What more do I need at this point? As much as I wish this was real - these cards are awesome - wishing it to be real doesn't make it so. So sad, but trying to be realistic here. Going to start gathering info to present to Visa. I think it is time to call this a scam. I tried twice, through KS I would also be interested in how many here have tried to contact them . I think this is vital information. I had a nagging concern from the KS campaign and lack of communication then, but they put so much into the awesome design that I went ahead and backed. That concern is now only growing, though it does seem like a lot of trouble to go to if they were not going to deliver. On the other hand, that could have been the way to get the number of dollars they did since I don't think this would have ever done well otherwise based on how it was run. They are either legitimate and just terrible at running a campaign, or they were good at making it look legitimate to get more backing. Not sure which, but any lack of response is making me worry. I am watching this closely as I may be one of you going after a refund via my credit card. Has anybody tried contacting them? I been trying to monitor the Internet for activity to see if he is still around. I found his YouTube account and he was on it 3 days ago. That is the only activity I have found to be current beyond his June 25 login to KickStarter. Have a look: <url>"be respectful and considerate." Certainly the project creator isn't being so... Joe Freund, they are legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project, or refund backers whose rewards they do not or cannot fulfill (See "Accountability" section of the Kickstarter basics: <url>#Acco). From that link, this (<url>"De Populo, A Populo, Pro Populo" on the coin. He was given money by the people, he took advantage of the people, and has done relatively nothing for the people... Hey...any lawyers among us, I seem to recall that it is a Federal Offense under the CFAA as amended in 1986 to violate the Terms of Service of a website. By failing to provide reasonable updates or delivery of rewards, it seems he has done so. So do I just show this website to a federal prosecutor and magic happens or...? Should rephrase..I went directly through my CC company to get it Amazon Payments has a 90 day policy. It's been over that so you won't be able to request a refund that way. Due to the lack of communication you should be able to get a refund through Amazon payments and your credit card Others as well: Vortex, Stealth, and Ultraviolet among them. Army Men is the only one i'm aware of that actually issued refunds. @Bagheadinc I think it may be a problem on The Core deck as well... Can't speak for all Kickstarter projects, but of the 20 playing card Kickstarters this is the only the 2nd one that has had problems to the extent where people were questioning if we'll ever get our cards. The other project was the one Paul Graf mentioned (Army Men Playing Cards). In that project refunds were (and still are it seems) sent out. Is this common for kickstarter projects? Hearkening back to this, "The only challenges remaining are in finding the right Engraver to complete the Founders Coin, and then ensuring that all orders are received by July 4th.", it is a bit worrisome that the holiday has come and gone with nary a word from Mr. Slabyk. While all of those still holding out for a positive outcome may say that John is just a poor communicator, it is (and has all along been) appearing more dire than all that. It doesn't really matter when his unrelated website was created or if he is currently still in DC, back in Illinois, or in upstate NY, what matters is that he isn't discussing anything, which flies in the face of his DODSR website motto which says that he is "devoted to the cultivation of efficient communication...." If John doesn't come through with delivering his promised product, then perhaps he will follow Adam's lead (Army Men Playing Cards kickstarter) and start refunding his backers' money. I think ALL of the concerns in that post are overblown. "First, why is the company's email account on gmail? Wouldn't they have their own domain mail account?" When they registered the domain originally they obviously wouldn't have an email on that domain yet. Why didn't they change it later? It's never a good idea to use an an email address with a domain identical to the registered domain...if any issues happen with the domain how are you going to access the email to deal with it? "Second, the website is due to expire the day before the Kickstarter ends? (Note, it later got extended; it now expires in 2015.)" It was also registered years prior to the start of the Kickstarter. It would only be suspicious if it was registered days before the Kickstarter began. "Third, why would a Washington, DC, website have it's server in Lavalle, Quebec?" Because that's where the webserver is. There is not really any reason for them to use a server within DC to host their site. Nothing in that post indicates "scam". That's not to say that the radio silence isn't worrying, but I see that as poor communication more than an indication of a scam. I can definitely see why people are nervous or upset about this project (especially those at higher pledge levels) and even the smallest update here and there just to let us know their alive would ease some of the worry. I suppose time will tell, but for now all we can do is wait and see. @Pequelord: I think some of the concerns in the post you cited were shown to be overblown in the responses on that thread. I think it's still a little bit early to be calling "scam" on this one. More (or simply ANY) communication would be reassuring, but this guy has shown from the beginning that he just doesn't care about keeping people in the loop. His selfishness will probably limit his future success in the long run, but that is entirely his fault. I still believe this project is real. Everybodu check this... <url>#p23631 I think all this project is fake... Any lawyers anxiously awaiting this product able to determine what all 1138 of us do next given that the creator hasn't provided reasonable progress updates or delivered (well..it seems highly unlikely without my address) rewards? Hi DoD, as a fellow card designer and multiple time user of Kickstarter, here's a tip. Send these poor people an update. You are doing a massive disservice to yourself and the independent designers in general by sitting around and not bothering to keep people in the loop. You created a gorgeous product, don't drop the ball now. I was able to fund a similar project in March last year, with the same number of backers and similar dollars, all by myself as a total newb, and somehow got all my 1000+ packages out the door by the end of May. Leaving everyone hanging without a word going into the month you promised the goods delivered is bad form. Stick your head in, everyone will appreciate it. I was able to access <url>"respectful and considerate" in these comments if the creator isn't respectful of us? Lack of updates, missing deadlines to post said updates... It really sucks when great projects are set up and then dissapoint because the creator decides not to engage the community... From the FAQ here on kickstarter: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Given how this going my faith that DoDSR gets an update out by noon his time today is slim to none. He's got about 2 hrs to prove me wrong... I got the exact same message at the same time I'm looking forward to the executive version. Wow, this is great news! I am anxious to see the "Greenbacks" as well as all the other decks. Thanks, Eric! 29 hrs after my message yesterday: "The Department of Design Thursday May 16 2013, 12:47pm EDT Eric, There is absolutely an update coming very soon, as we have just received the final proofs. The pre-press setup has simply required alot of quality control and back and forth between us and the USPCC as we plan for printing not only this first version, but the future versions to come as well. We have much to report, and are well on track. Thanks for the question ... the next update will be posted today (or possibly tomorrow morning)." Our leader has logged in today. Is anybody in the loop? Does anybody have any news or information about what's happening? Riccardo, did you ever hear anymore since May 7th when he was a few days away from an update? Just curious. Love to hear something soon. Yep unfortunately it happened while I was posting, so I did not see it until after, we will all keep our fingers crossed. @Ira, I have already said that I will keep my opinions and gut feeling to myself. I would be happy to be wrong. We shall wait and see. @Paul, where I come from, grown ups don't make accusations that are not true. Go back and read my posts. In every one of them I make it clear that the criticisms regarding the lack of communications are warranted. To imply that he intends on doing anything but deliver the product is unwarranted without proof. For me, proof could come in the form of an admission that he was fleeing with our money (has not happened yet) or failure to deliver near the committed timeline (also has not happened yet). Until then, we just have to wait. None of the backer rewards include a commitment for updates, so they would just be a bonus. Now to your point; the decent thing would be to update us, but that is not a requirement, just the right thing to do. @Sahil, that was well put. In all seriousness, I have had zero other discourses on any other project that I've backed. And I know that I cannot project my own personality on the owner of this project, but it baffles me that this guy seems to have zero regard for the people who back him -- even when he does give a comment, it comes across as snide and backlashing. I will not be the one to dust off a seat for this guy, but I'll try to keep my opinions to myself until July 4th comes and goes. @Paul One of the things that I think we all need to keep in mind is our end goal. We all want the project to be successful and for us to receive what we pledged for. I think the best course of action is to welcoming to new communication from DODSR and encourage it instead of being resentful and bitter (I am not accusing you of being resentful and bitter, but I do think your discourse is closer to bitter than welcoming). I understand your right to be critical of this project and its creator and your right to express it, but in the grand scheme of things, it would probably be more helpful and pragmatic to us all to suppress such objections for now so that the creator doesn't become intimidated and further deprive us backers of communication. Maybe you feel like the creator has an obligation to respond regardless of how intimidated he feels about the backlash he'll receive but the fact of the matter is that it's up to him to actually make that decision and unless we become less hostile I don't think he has any incentive to communicate. I guess essentially what I'm saying is, I don't necessarily disagree with your criticism nor your right to express such judgments, but I do feel like it would be better if we all create a more welcoming environment if for no other reason than the selfish desire to make it more likely that we receive the communication we want. I don't think I need to get used to anything. People have absconded funds from KS in the past, and KS hasn't even been around that long. I don't consider KS a store, but if you take my money and you don't create your project with it, then we are going to have problems. I have backed projects where the project owner doesn't say much at all during fulfillment, but they spoke friendly to their backers during the pledge drive. This person talked down to his backers, which makes a person a bit wary and wonder what his intentions are. We are having a discussion here and my stance is that he should communicate (in a civil manner) to alleviate any issues his backers may be having. Until he does, then I am going to question his intentions -- bad communicator or not. Get used to it. Criticism is fine, where I get concerned is when people start talking about him asconding with funds, or being ashamed, or is somehow otherwise being dishonest. All I am saying is that at this point in the project, the only thing that is fair to expect is communications. If he is not doing that, it does not nescessarily mean he is not going to follow through on the project, it just means he is a bad communicator. There are lots of those. I have backed a lot of projects, some have had great communications, and they are the ones I would be most comfortable backing again, some have had no communication and have still delivered on or shortly after the originally anticipated date. People on Kickstarter are getting too convinced that this is somehow a store where you order finished goods. It is not. It is a place where people with good ideas come to try and convince others that it is worth implementing. Most do not have significant product development background. Sometimes there is a learning curve. Sometimes people fail. There are risks to Kickstarter, get used to it. @Ira What is wrong with criticism all of a sudden? Perhaps some strong words will help DODSR rethink his next venture and maybe he won't be so quick to put up another campaign without thinking it through better (assuming that everything is on the up and up). If I deposit money in my bank account and every time I drive by the bank I see they are closed and there are no emails or any other explanation as to what is going one, then I would be highly worried about my investment. Same goes for this; this is one of my investments and I want some answers as to what is going on. Simply that. @Paul, I would not jump into this shark tank if I were him. You only further strengthen my previous argument. I fully agree that communications have been horrible, but again that does not warrant accusing him of being dishonest or a thief. He may be those things, or he may just be an average guy who got in a little over his head. If the end of July comes, and no product is delivered, then we can start debating his moral standing in the world, until then, give him support instead of criticism, it will take you much farther. I feel the difficulty comes when you read his updates. In every one, he says he will do something within days or weeks, but it never happens. He sets himself up when he does this. If he has no real intention of following through, then he should never have said so in the post, but it is reasonable for us to expect him to do so or comment on it. As a leader of the project, he should at least keep his word or give a quick reason why. Even so, I understand your point. If he delivers in July, then all this discussions is moot, but the July date is a "suggested" date. If you read the FAQ, this does not mean he must to deliver then. So, with little information about what is happening, it could very well slip into next fall if he so chooses. Perhaps we will know something soon. Still, it is not unreasonable to expect some information on what is happening. We have had 2 updates in over two months now and there was in each one statements that something would happen in a matter of days. Did it? That is what bothers me the most. I don't know. I too feel it will solve itself, but next time I will be very wary of supporting a project with this kind of problem. I disagree with Ira. I believe the part of being fair does not only apply to the backers; it is fully on the shoulders of the project owner. He can be accused of much more than being a poor communicator. He has logged in periodically (every few days) into his KS account and has obviously read these comments, and then still refuses to reply. That is quite brazen, ornery, non-appreciative, and nothing like a person should act who has been given $37K by a group of total strangers. This comment area is supposed to be respectful, yet his lack of attention to his backers in this area is the most disrespectful thing of all. This project has been the reason why I started pledging on kickstarter. God bless America and the hundreds of ways for making business & fun you can have in your country. I only wish I could do the same in Italy. #Ira ... Couldn't agree more He committed to deliver by July, and while I also agree that we should be getting better updates than this as project backers, I hardly feel that it is fair to accuse him of failure, fraud, or anything else. At this point the most he can fairly be accused of is being a substandard communicator. Be patient and be fair, patience will likely pay off. I can't wait until he finally responds to us with the "Oh, I've been really busy!" routine. I'm not falling for it. This guy is obviously a clown. I just did a look up for John Slabyk and he's easy to get to. Going belly-up on this project would not be a good thing since he is so visible and this would harm him irreparably and he is in the image business. Perhaps if he would just give us an update and ease our anxiousness. John? I want to add, that I really want to see this project successful. This is the project that drew me to Kickstarter in the first place! I really like the artwork and by looking at the work already done, surely very little stands in the way for it's success. This is becoming a bit worrisome. After going and reading up on the FAQ to set some expectations in this case, it seems we are not receiving at least a "good faith effort". We should be getting some feedback for the project and the time between updates and the growing comments section with no response is unacceptable. I am probably like the rest on this project, all I really need is some communication. I am an understanding person and I know that things happen, but with $37K, there are some expectations here! I hope he knows there can be repercussions. Have the "risks and challenges" changed? I looked at it to see if he mentioned any problems that could account for this, where he mentions getting all surveys back by July 4. But delivery is July, right? What's up? What do you hear? Nothing but the rain.... He told me yesterday that an update is coming in a day or two. Let's wait Disheartened. But still hoping this isn't my first KS gone bad. Please post an update so we know this is still happening. And, again, today (5/6/13) he has logged in, but apparently too shy or ashamed to respond. Tsk, tsk. An update is coming! Update please! It would go a long away towards showing your "good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date" Well, if nothing else, he is still alive and logged into KS today (5/3/13). I'm just hoping this guy is ok.. You never know These are the only links that I know of for the project owner (Geau posted them earlier in the campaign). There seems to be a lack of activity on those sites as well. <url>"hey guys the deck is printing" can go a long way. I've tried via private kickstarter message, email and twitter. I also just sent this tweet: <url>"more info" on their stretch goals during funding, for instance. It was an oddly run campaign in terms of communication right from the start. It was the reason I lowered my pledge to a mere two decks from my original much higher tier...if they were unresponsive while asking for money, it wasn't going to get better once they had it. I would have loved to been wrong in this instance, but here we are with wary backers and the start of wondering if it was a flat out scam. ;) I also backed the Federal 52 playing card project and was blown away by the amount of communication. They went on to break the record for the most money raised for a playing card deck. They just sent out the surveys 3 days after the funding ended and are using Backerkit.com to manage the post-Kickstarter organization. DoD. You have our money, the very least you could do is keep us informed. (Unless this is a scam. The website is still just a static page with an email link...) Yes, we would like an update or some comments, thank you. Anybody out there DODSR? According to update 11 it takes 5-6 weeks to produce the cards once art is finalized. If you finalized art, tell us! If you haven't, will you still make July 4th delivery? 5 weeks from today is May 27th, leaving you about a month to receive shipment from USPCC, process orders and for the shipment carrier to deliver them. Any update on the coin engraving process you mentioned in the last update? Signs of life appreciated, you haven't logged in since April 16th... @bagheadinc I have seen backers on other KS projects voice this same concern -- that waiting to send the surveys helps cut down on bad address information, but I'm not so sure that is a viable concern. Do people really move that often between KS campaigns? And if they do, isn't it really up to the individual to contact the KS project owner to inform them of their change in address? Most campaigns that I have backed send out surveys the week after the project funds, so.... Seconding Riccardo, an update on the USPCC process, which sometimes doesn't go as planned, would be great! I understand the reason for holding back the survey, I'm just longing for updates... Hope to see some pre-production sample.. Estimated delivery isn't until Jul, they are most likely waiting until they are ready to ship. Kickstarter only allows one survey per campaign, so by waiting, they can ensure that they have your most recent address. Still waiting for the survey to arrive. If there are issues that have come up that are delaying the project, please let us know. Anything is better than silence... @Dan B. +1 Waiting for a surveys too. Hi, any idea when the surveys will be sent out for shipping info? Is there any chance of getting leeway on the 300% stretch goal. Say, for instance, people who bought 3 decks or more get a booklet since we got pretty damn close? yea just missed the stretch goal, what a pity, wish you would still produce them tho! just short of the stretch goal :( Thanks for adding the coin as an add-on. I just upped my pledge to get more decks and the coin. Less than an hour to go. I know I rocked the boat, but I'm back. Hope I'm not disappointed. If all turns out well, hopefully i can buy the DoDSR a pint down in DC as I'm a local. I love these cards so if my money is wasted...oh well...they're too damn cool not to get the chance to own. Hopefully DoDSR works well to communicate with the backers after funding! At least once a month would be great! Good luck guys...really love the design, not a fan of how you ran this kickstarter but hopefully I don't have to learn from my mistakes...The only other kickstarter I ever have felt burned by is a deck of cards... Glad to finally back this project knowing I can get a deck and a coin. Very excited. Got my color question answered too. Looks like it's only blue this time around. Latest update answered my question about the coin, now, how about those different color decks? Does anyone know which versions of the deck are available? I know that the Greenback and Executive versions are planned for later, but are all three Inaugural colors available from this Kickstarter? I'd 'like' to give you guys more money, but without knowing what is and isn't available, I don't know what to pledge for. If all three colors (red/white/blue) are available from this Kickstarter, I'd gladly raise my pledge to the 3 deck level. I dont think you need a Ph. D. in marketing or business to say "I value your support, here is an answer to your question" i dont think it takes more than being an honest actor with a little respect for your backers. people werent asking for the world, just human decency and respect. maybe in these days that is a lot. I appreciate Solomon's point, however, I think it is much more simple than all that. Being successful with your backers doesn't take marketing skills, business skills, or any skills other than plain old decency. After seeing all of these comments here and noticing the tally that the backers have pledged, I think any decent human would want to say a few words here to acknowledge the people whom have spoken and to try and alleviate any concerns those people might have -- not to tell them that they felt wronged because they didn't get some kind of personal attention. As it stands, the lack of care towards the backers here, in light of the comments made, could cause a person to infer that the creator of this project couldn't care less about the very people supporting him. That seems so very odd to me. Free money from strangers. I just could never bring myself to cop an attitude toward that. Is there a way to get the coin without spending $44? And should we not reach $36k in the next 24hrs, is there a way to get the booklet? It's funny, but while I agree that TDoD could have been better about communication in a variety of ways throughout this project, at this point some of the complaints have me puzzled. Having given it some thought, I think I've pinned down a point that many of us seem to have missed (myself included): Kickstarters are NOT necessarily natural marketers. Think about it . . . the vast majority of those who post Kickstarter projects are the creative innovators who have planned and designed an intriguing project, but for one reason or another have a desperate need for funding they cannot get through conventional means, or because they do not necessarily have the business or marketing acumen to acquire it. It think it makes sense for us, as Kickstarter backers, to remember that marketing and selling an idea is not an easy job, or something that just comes naturally to everyone (Case in point; TDoD made plain recently that their normal practice is to let their work do the talking). One last thing - I understand the desire to underscore leaving a project with an explanation as to why, especially if support is being dropped to make a point, and new backers (as seems to have been the case here) may jump in to take your place. But some of the recent posts might be sending a message opposite to the one they intend. I can see someone upset about the number of posts by TDoD overall, but to complain about lack of communication immediately after they've made 4 posts in 6 days really sends the wrong message . . . unless you're upset they've posted too much, that is. Similarly, while I DO think TDoD made some bad phrasing choices recently, I don't think their comments were really intended to attack their backers . . . And once more, similarly, I don't think all of those who have been posting comments directly to TDoD have been on the attack . . . we have to remember that it's REAL easy to to misinterpret "tone" within a posted comment. Again, I really think what's gone on here is a Kickstart being run by a person/group who exhibits incredible creativity and design talent, but may be somewhat lacking in Marketing/Business/Kickstarter Netiquette Skills. Hopefully we can all learn something from this situation, and still benefit from what we can do for each other in additional ways. After all, that's what this is all about, no? -Solomon I agree with the general consensus here. I love the design of the cards, the thought process behind the designs, and I fairly confident that the decks will be sent. Despite those points, I dropped my $33 pledge to $13 because of the unprofessional way the Kickstarter Project has been run so far. I do understand this is your first Kickstarter and that you might have naively thought it would be a simple "present your product, receive funding, move on" type investment bid. I can understand that. But the fact that you don't take the chance to learn from it is the failure. Instead of realizing the dynamic is different and attempting to respond directly a little more often, you chose to respond condescendingly and wave off concerns by asking for "legitimate questions". Backers asked for more communication because that instills confidence and you respond by accusing us of wanting "personal attention", as if we were a spoiled child. Backers asked for the ability to add on more specific products as ways to customize their pledge and there fore give you more money and you respond with very unrealistic stretch goals. The only reason I haven't completely canceled my pledge is because I really like the card design and still hope to receive the cards. Please. For your sake, eat some humble pie and listen and learn. We WANT you to succeed. Don't abuse us. Especially if you plan on running other Kickstarter Projects. - Sincerely, A Concerned Backer. @cloud08540: I was told you can just add $11 to your pledge for a coin (or additional coins). Its the pledge difference between 3 decks and 3 decks plus one coin. I've been watching this for a while and wanted to go for the $44 tier. I'm retracting my pledge for lack of communication and to save me the headache later on the road. There has been a weird bout of creators lashing at their backers. That is about the opposite way to get my money. Is it possible to just add on a coin? I only want one deck, but would like a coin as well. I don't think most of us really believe that DoD are fakes and that this is one big fraud. There's simply been far too much work put into the designs/previews/video to make that realistic or even worth whatever's left of the $30k after the fees if they really wanted to cut and run. Anything's possible, but I just find it really unlikely. The communication has genuinely been off putting though, even assuming the best of intentions on DoD's part, and it makes people nervous. As Kouture Crochet said, pretty much every Kickstarter (cards or otherwise) runs into delays and problems. Some of them are totally out of the creator's control and their hands are tied. It's at that point that the good communication and personal connection that well run Kickstarters provide come into play. Excited backers that genuinely feel part of the project will be willing to put up with a lot and support you through the problems. Backers held at arms length will assume the worst at the first sign of trouble and demand refunds/file disputes. I think DoD is already seeing an example of the former and it's a real shame. Hopefully the cards are produced smoothly and some tough lessons have been learned for DoD's next project. I have to comment here: "If anyone has legitimate questions or concerns about the product or the production process, we will reply as promptly as possible. " this makes me think that DoD sees backers as folks without legitimate questions. because otherwise you say you would answer questions? or do you only want to answer questions via your private email? im sorry but if you are asking for the money i work hard for and i asked as i did almost a month ago "how do i know you are who you say you are and you will deliver what you promise to?" that IS a legitimate question. "seeing the people behind the curtain and feeling as though they have gotten to know them personally, but this was not to be our approach, and it seems to fly in the face of everything you guys know. Call it an occupational hazard, but attaching our individuality to the work we create has never been our modus operandi, and has always served us well in bringing more honesty and attention to the work itself." but i have to ask, if your style is in direct opposition to kickstarter style (i.e. answer questions in the comments, use our input, and interact with backers) why did you choose to launch via kickstarter then? why not use another format that fits your style better? not only that, others have asked other questions about add ons which is basically "how do i give you more money and buy more product" DoD's answer about how we feel we arent getting the personal attention is just not good business etiquette regardless of if its kickstarter or not. and it is certainly not how investors in your projects should be treated or talked to. as a business person: treat every customer of future customer with complete respect try to understand their questions and answer them acknowledge their concerns answer questions as best you can as quickly as you can this is not kickstarter etiquette, this is business etiquette, this is people etiquette, lastly, the final reason why answering questions calmly and politely is general business etiquette is because if you ask for a persons money by ignoring their requests: how will you respond after you have their money? will you suddenly answer questions better and communicate more? or will you ignore questions about missent or miss-delivered packages? will you communicate with them whether or not USPCC as accepted the designs and contracts signed? or if you have problems getting that done? because i have backed many playing card decks and problems with USPCC are not uncommon, sometimes they are copyright problems, or deadline problems and they are not always USPCCs fault. but its a lot to ask that i give you money, without any answer to our questions, and assume that unlike most projects, nothing will go wrong because if it does we wont know your response has lost you backers, and if thats not reason enough to take what we say seriously. im sorry if im harsh, but it is VERY sad to see a project i want to back but cant because the creator doesnt take backers seriously or treat them with the respect and communication (and updates that dont answer back questions or respond to backer concern dont count) that backers deserve. I *WANT* to give you $44 for that level but you've made that darn near impossible and im sad. @DoD: I would love to see you guys work on a deck similar to this but with iconic Wild West court cards and theme (e.g. Wyatt Earp, Doc Holliday, etc.) To be honest, I don't see how this could be a hoax at all. Every one of the cards has been designed and thought out including the card box, and they have a website as well. I don't see why DoD wouldn't just print out the cards, considering the amount of work they put into the design. I suppose their Kickstarter etiquette could be better, but I'm new to the Kickstarter scene as well, and I was pretty surprised that DoD was getting pounded so hard for not responding to the comments section. Although I can understand the frustration, I think that some people are overreacting. That being said, I think DoD has made the wrong types of responses. They should probably have just made a simply apology explaining how they are new to Kickstarter and said they would work on being more engaged in the comments, instead of saying things such as "it seems to fly in the face of everything you guys know". That just sounds like DoD is calling it's supporters ignorant. That's completely unnecessary. DoD is using Kickstarter, so the company needs to adapt to the medium. Pretty simple. I really appreciate the detailed updates, very fun to read, and it's nice to see that DoD has put a lot of effort and thought into the cards. That being said, they really need to work on public relations. Supporters don't want to read that DoD is basically ignoring their feedback to spend their time doing better things (even if it's time spent working on the cards). As it stands, I'm supporting this project because of the great, well thought-out product. But if the company cannot handle constructive criticism appropriately, then I might reconsider. Personally, I've backed a lot of KS projects (much to the chagrin of my wife) and it is a rare thing to see such detailed updates. Yes, some project heads respond to every comment both in the "Comments" section and in the Update comments section. And yes, some project heads post updates almost every day. But look at the details that they have been sharing in their updates! These aren't just the "here's a pic of a recent drawing" kind, they post pix, high rez pix, details on the thinking that went behind the choices of the people they have characterized, historical info, .... I'm guessing this is either a real and brilliantly designed project, or a very creative hoax. My money is (literally) on this being the former. All of that said, it IS good to see John responding here. If he could respond once a day for these last 5, he'll probably see more support, and reaching higher stretch goals. I also find the approach of not communicating with the people (strangers, really) who are funding your project to be a bit disconcerting. Yes, your card designs are very appealing and the background information about the cards seems well-thought, but since you have been designing that for over a year, I'd think you might now manage to set aside some time for these 900 people who are cheering you on. Having a seemingly blasé attitude toward your fans, especially during your inaugural KS project, seems like it could backfire. N'est-ce pas? I personally find the approach interesting and have only stayed a backer because the amount of work the cards, the website, and the background would have taken to design and put together, show they are trying to produce something unique and of high quality. Or so I hope and think because I have never designed playing cards and have no idea. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'm not going to defend TDoD entirely, but I just thought it fair to remind the final comment made in their, now, second to last post . . . "And again, we want to thank you all for your support. Those that show it patiently, and those that show it passionately, we appreciate you more than you realize." No, it doesn't make up for the limited contact and lack of answers, but we should all remember that Kickstarter is not only still relatively new, it seems to be entirely new to TDoD. Can't help it, I have a tendency to play peacemaker *sheepish grin*. -Dr. D. I had to go back through my backer history to be certain, but this is the first project (out of 25 backed projects) where the creator never responded to comments. In fact, the projects that I have most enjoyed supporting were the ones in which the creators stayed very active with the comments and updates. This project would have way more funding if this were the case. I love the cards and would like to pledge more, but I just can't feel comfortable with a creator who's not responsive to backers. Maybe I missed it, but if (not sure you are, but that's one way to get more support for your project) you are going to allow people to add options, such as coin, uncut sheets, t-shirt, etc. You need to post the amounts to add to pledge for those items. Would be interested in some of that. This user's account has been deleted. It isn't my place to post the reply I got from DoDSR, but I'll post my reply to them. I'll let them address what they said publicly in these comments...oh wait they never post here...so that probably won't happen...Anyway...here's my reply: Hey- Thanks for responding. Saying you are here twice in a private message but not saying why you can't, for a 30 day period, commit to a few hours on the internet every day to support a project you are asking for investors in, cause hey, Kickstarter is not a store, isn't really a great response. Especially from "perfectionists". If you look at the greater Kickstarter community, you'll see we are a pretty forgiving bunch if the reason you aren't always around is college classes or whatever...but you do have to explain that BEFORE taking people's money. Also, if you claim to be perfectionists, you'd probably address all the questions in someone's private message. Do you plan to allow people to add shirts or coins a la carte like many have asked in the comments and I asked in my previous email? In case it isn't clear, I'm still not particularly happy. I'll leave you with one final thought...If you look at your backers per day chart...you'll see you had a lot more backers yesterday, a day with two updates, than many of the surrounding days...maybe greater interaction with the Kickstarter page and community will allow you to gather more investors in case of unexpected expenses or to support further growth of the company(and those other awesome designs). Just my two cents before I remove my $44 pledge. I'll come back Mar 13th and see if you guys did anything to assuage my fears but for now...I can't be sure this is a wise investment. Best of luck! With all due respect, Geau, I think that those voicing their concerns would just like a simple acknowledgement (here in the comments section) from the creator of the project. We have come some 23 days without a peep from the creator to those who are spending their hard-earned money to back his project. Just sayin'. Errr... typo. Today = 3/6. I was slightly concerned about the creator and lack of updates as well, BUT... An update was posted today (3/7) and with a little Google-fu it's not too hard to find information on the creator. Why it's not linked on this project, I don't know, but it's out there and obtainable: <url>"The Department of Design" and the full bio is no further help and everything here is signed George Washington. I am thinking about bailing on this......but I really like the cards! Just sent them the following message, let them know if you agree: Any chance you plan to address people's questions about stretch goals, add-ons, etc before the end of the project? You last posted about stretch goal plans on Feb. 27th (and first on Feb 19th) and it is now the 5th of march, that's 20%(or 63% from the 19th) of your 30 day Kickstarter project if my math is correct. 823 of us have joined together with you to make these cards a reality, throw us a bone? You guys have done really nice work here but if you don't prove you can provide information about that status of the project in the last week of this project I'm going to cancel my pledge because the KEY to Kickstarter is communication and if you can't communicate during a 30 day window when you are trying to get us to give you money I find it hard to have faith that you'll follow through once you have the money myself and 822 of my new best friends pledged. It isn't even about stretch goals, though the alternate backs you made are GORGEOUS...just communicate with us, please? I love the greenback deck please include if possible Having done a few playing card projects on here (and starting my business in true 'kickstart' fashion), I just wanted to commend you on a beautiful design and well planned campaign. Far too few people seem to put in the attention that a truly successful KS requires and it is wonderful to see you guys doing so well. Kudos and I hope the rest of the process goes smoothly for you. Looking forward to the cards! A red and blue deck set would look great together. Any chance of a red deck to go with the blue deck? Also somewhat interested in the shirt as an add-on. I would like to get the coin as an add on. Is there any way you can make this possible? This user's account has been deleted. First off, congrats on such a wonderfully designed deck! I love the style! I would very much like to receive the coin or the T-Shirt, but really do not need 5 decks of cards. Can you add them as add-ons to other pledge levels? Proud to have pledged for 2 decks. These look amazing. I don't know many card games but I will learn some just because of these. congrats on making funding! Beautiful deck, happy to be a backer. Would love to see Rosie replaced by Lady Liberty though! I love backing this playing card projects, I just wish I had more card games to play other than solitaire and cribbage. Just in time for presidents day. Well, derp. Read the description again and it says they'll be embossed. The design on the cases almost begs for an embossed finish can you include more identity verification info that we can see? your site is one page, you are not connected to facebook and you have no history on kickstarter. can we get more info on who you are? that what I call it a great deck ,,, is there any way you make the Antique Gold Coin as an add-in Sharp design, fantastic back art, and the face cards are awesome! This deck is going to blow the doors off of your goal! Nice work!!