Fuck ! I just stopped by to say "Fuck you" to the creator that stole all of our money and ran. lesson learned the hard way, this was my 1st KS that ran away with my money I’m loving all these people who are posting “I invoke my rights...” as if it’s a magical spell that will get their money back. This thing is long gone. Sad to say. And honestly probably would’ve been poor quality anyways. Lesson learned here. Big time. This is never happening. The company has folded. Brandon Yamawaki and World of Simple Design has walked off with over $65,000 and we will never see anything from it. I had reported World of Simple Design to the California Attorney General in 2014, but nothing came from it. The company said this was a risk of backing a project on Kickstarter and that there were no guarantees. My money would not be refunded. At the time, the Attorney General agreed. What was a nice promising project, really left a sour taste in my mouth for crowdfunding for a long time. I think of this project every time before I pledge on Kickstarter. And obviously, I still think of it as I'm writing a comment, that most likely, will never be read. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I never received anything from this. :( The fucking asshole that screwed us all is still logging into Kickstarter. His last login was August 2028. Fuck your Brandon Yamawaki - you piece of shit! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Happy early birthday to all 745 of you. 6 years ago later this month we all received a survey to send our addresses so we could receive.... .... ... .... .... Wait for it.... Shipping January 2013.... I demand a full refund for my pledge amount ! Oh yeah - I've moved 17 times, I've forgotten which address you have listed. Also how did the lawsuit go against the backers who called your company a fraud. Yawn - just woke up from a nap. Product available yet? Will it work with the iPhone X. Also when will I receive the questionnaire about what colour I would like. I have not received my reward, nor any further information regarding reward. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount! Helllloooooo - will I get interested on my $99 I pledged over 4 years ago? Pssst - still here - shipping yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Just checking in again - yup I'm still here, but have a new address - can I provide it ? Still haven't heard back in over 4 years. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. get cancer Brandon Yamawaki is brondon still alive? I've moved, can I provide my new mailing address. lol Crickets in here. Written this off a long time ago. I'm sure she's sleeping soundly ever night, but Karma is a ... scam Yeah, let's get the law involved. Each of us needs to file a complaint with the authorities. <url>"i'm going to become rich and famous after i invent a device that allows you to stab people in the face over the internet" - bonus points if you know where this is from. Never got a response. Totally dead. Chalk this one up to bad mangement. Reported to the FBI <url>﻿ Wow, they are pushing their Podi-M on Facebook and here they leave us with F-All. This is a disgrace, KickStarter should refund everyone who backed this project. This is the 2nd kickstarter project that I've been burned by. I don't want to back any other kickstarter projects because of this crap. So frustrating. @Tushar, doesn't seem so. Several of us reported Brandon to the district attorney here in California. I got a letter back indicating they were unable to do anything. I sent notes to Kickstarted & received silence. But I will never give up and Karma is a ****. hi guys.. cant we make some kind of legal complain against this cheaters? there has to be a way out i guess I contacted them through their website recently and haven’t received a response. I think this is a lost cause. This is about to get real serious for World of Simple Design... Check out this article: <url>… This is the update I would have hoped we would have today, but no. No docks, no updates, and no refunds. Happy Anniversary World of Simple Design! Great job on tainting Kickstarter for hundreds of backers. Is there a new timeline as to when we will receive a product or our money back? Thanks Two years later... :( Refund or... "The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." I'd like a refund please. I Already moved in n to my second phone since backing this project. It is no longer needed or wanted. UPDATE or REFUND. No more waiting, no more lies. Kickstarter Updated their Terms today, obviously in response to projects like this: '/img/assets/defaultdealimage.jpg'; If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Seeing as the Foundation Dock team has done none of the above, I invite whomever is in charge of this project these days, because we have no idea to, to post an update. That's it, just post one damn update. Between this and the Elroy, 2 out of the 3 projects I backed on KS have failed miserably. I would love for Kickstarter to have some stats on which funded projects actually delivered to clients with an 80% or more satisfaction rate... I am starting to suspect that the majority of projects on here that are based on pre-ordering stuff are doomed to failure. I just wish that KS would be more honest about reporting this stat rather then focusing on the funding side of things... the real project failures are the ones that get our money and don't deliver. Max, that's why I've never anymore and won't back up another project on KS. It's too easy for them to not take part on any of this. Last logged in June 26th. Wow. Sigh. Kickstarter Scammers: Brandon Yamawaki, Bill Debley and Laine Scandalis - Brandon left the project and the company for <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Backers such as myself have repeatedly requested project status updates from the company. However, the company barely communicates back to its backers. Kickstarter.com has thus far been of little help. I seek assistance from the Attorney General in obtaining a refund of my $114 from the company. Please see the below link for a similar situation that has received the attention of Washington's Attorney General: <url>"hey guys it ain't happening" message so we can all move on. Just received my World of Simple Design response to the Attorney General. Upset me more than anything else. WoSD doesn't recognize as a anything but backers to an idea and downplayed the "rewards." I filed a complaint as well. Very easy to do. Thanks for the great info and follow up guys. Hopefully something constructive comes out of all of this. Complaint filed (see below)! Everyone who backed I would encourage as well! Guys, I read the article and read the AG's full page. You all have my full help and support. Just a quick question: what's the most optimistic (for us) outcome of doing this? Hello I just send my complaint to Office of the Attorney General. Ian, I just received my letter from the Attorney General yesterday. Hopefully if they receive enough complaints, they will take action, much like the state of Washington did. For anyone else who is filing a complaint, perhaps they can also link to this article, lending credence to the fact that the attorney general can take action: <url>’m sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate with each other through these developments. We’re sorry that this hasn’t been the case with this project, but hope that you’ll continue to back projects that you’re excited about. Thank you again for sharing the experience that you have had with this project. We are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. We hope that you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow with our community. Best, Megan For those that are serious about complaining: you should get in touch with the bbb of California, and the attorney general consumer protection agency. If there are enough complaints the attorney general will bring an investigation into world of simple designs and it's principles lain and Brandon. May I please have my pledge back? Please!? I have funded at least 15 other projects, ALL of which have delivered as promised. Absolutely none have been as ridiculously incommunicado as this project. Again, I would just like my money back. Please. 1st! !sr class Thiefs! There needs to be a penalty for this kind of negligent behavior and wanton thievery. Kickstarter, this has also been my last project backed ever since. It's a shame because this is the kind of thing that hurts the projects that really deserves to get to the market. Can't you guys just call this project failed and send out a summary apology or whatever for wasting out time. Of the 3 projects I have backed on kick-starter only 1 has been a success, but at least the other guy tried to keep backers updated. Frankly I don't really care about the dock at this point. I would just like an open and honest accounting if this failure with Brandon and lain's explanations of what went wrong. You guys wouldn't have pissed everyone off so much if you had just been a bit more professional and consistent. If you dealt with suppliers in the same haphazard way it is no surprise that you spent all the funds and have nothing to show for it. Put this debacle behind us. Thanks. The Kickstarter Terms of Use (<url>"new" individual in charge keeps calling people names like IDIOT on the Podi-M project, another disaster of a project that appears to have actually shipped, albeit with huge compatibility problems. So, where are we now? Even if I receive the product, I no longer want it, let alone need it. That's the best case and seemingly unlikely. Are the people running this so dense as to not realize that a pattern of constant updates would get a few people off their back? Now I'm just rambling. What a cluster. Estimated Delivery January 2013 HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA We got taken. Not even an April 1st email telling us we are getting our reward. :p Why cant these dopers be indicted??? it'd be better than any John Grisham legal thriller!!! Wow looks like World of "Very" Simple managed to get the Podi-M to backers. Mind you they are complaining about quality. We are still here waiting ours. Open letter (or comment) to whoever is in charge now: Who are we talking to? Like Gail-Anne said, respect is earn and lost. IF whoever wrote this is not Brandon (he EARNED this distrust), I, and most people here, will at least be neutral to this person. If you want to "get into the market" as you say, start by earning the respect that this Brandon character completely lost. Thanks for the explanation about the Flex Cable material. Here are some tips for next steps: - WEEKLY updates: please refer to projects like PEBBLE or PROJECT ETERNITY. They post so many updates it almost pisses you off. - Give us a TIMETABLE. You say you "hope to have all this done in next few months" and we are entering Feb, are you talking about Apr?. You say you are confident for "getting this out in Q1 2014" I think your math is wrong, and I'm sure I won't receive my reward before March, 31st, that's the end of Q1! Give us dates, not general assumptions! - And, last but not least, probably nobody thought of this before. If only any of the backers suggest this.... PICTURES, post PICTURES! You want respect, EARN IT. We all know Kickstarter is not a shopping mall, but we are all investors here and have every right to make demands. Without us, you won't "get into the market", and treating us wrong is not the way. Cheers. And we'll all be looking forward to the next updates and news soon enough. And, by the wall, a polite and honest person would not be ashamed of introducing his (or her) self. Still hoping this product actually happens. Please give us some hope (or at least refunds) Now where is Laine Scandalis? or she run away too? Scandalis indeed. Over $100K of risk free money + mismanagement = this Ok, Brandon is no longer affiliated with the project... It does not look like it makes any difference we are still not getting any news. So who is responsible for the project now? Bill Debley or Laine Scandalis? You guys did take our money why do you think we will just sit back and let it be? For photos of the scammers... <url>"If you realize that you will be unable to follow through on your project before funding has ended, you are expected to cancel it. If your project is successfully funded, you are required to fulfill all rewards or refund any backer whose reward you do not or cannot fulfill. A failure to do so could result in damage to your reputation or even legal action by your backers." ..even legal action by your backers. It's been long enough. Enough time and chances have been given. I'm contacting Kickstarter through legal counsel. If this goes any further I'll update here (much more promptly than Mr. Yamawaki has) about all of your involvement in action against World of Simple Design - Brandon Yamawaki This'll cost much much more than my pledge of course, but I think that's what he's counting on. No I'm not being sued, just going by what they said in there last update which was way to long ago. They are to busy suing people for being pissed off at them for not producing a product. Any updates ??? Has anyone tried contacting the media? Interesting, I think I will be in Torrance, CA this week. I will put this information on my dash board so that I don't forget. Looks like Brandon took a job at Yvolve Sports Ltd, t/a Yvolution in July 2013 Brandon Yamawaki Creative Director at Yvolve Sports Ltd, t/a Yvolution Orange County, California Area Media Production and also 1. www.thinksteez.com 2. <url>"Merry Christmas and Happy New Year" as an update since you post something with no sense every month. Even "Investors" can sue and obtain damages from "creators" that scam the investors from their money. With that said, I wonder if we will have any "updates" in 2014? However also, Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. As you know, this is not Amazon. You are an investor. Do you know what happens to a lot of investors? They LOSE money. They don't consider it theft when a investment they made doesn't work out. You invested in the idea of the Foundation Dock, and get a reward for doing so. Well, "Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. On Kickstarter, backers (you!) ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it." This was outright thievery!! He is hiding behind the Kickstarter rules to protect him from prosecution. But as I have said before, fraud is fraud and California will not allow him to hide. Bryan, I have to say that you are naive. This is downright theft! Delivery of the product was promised a year ago and still nothing. A few pictures but you can get pictures anywhere. Maybe I would have not called it theft if he would have communicated his problems with us but again, no communication for months at a time. Finally, Kickstarter has told us repeatedly that they will not get involved. The transaction is between the person who creates the project and the person who supports the project and Kickstarter will no do anything. Yes I am serious, this is theft. I wonder just how long you will wait patiently for a miracle, but I bet most of the investors in this project agree with me. They have waited patiently and nothing. Many of us, myself included no longer have the same phone so the device we orderd is useless. You tell me LOL, I say the laugh is on you. Additionally this is not very funny. Also, on his website it says "Foundation Dock pre-orders will ship late Dec 2013. We are currently backordered and are not taking any new orders." im pretty pissed, but I think this guy/team is just incompetent and did/ do not have the knowledge to pull of a manufacturing operation like this. I mean they did post SOME pictures. lol lol...I don't think this is theft...are you serious? why would he use his real identity if his intention was to rob people? And really, if it was blatant theft, wouldn't kickstarter be looking into this a little bit more? 100% with U Bruce!! Bryan, The project was not a "flop." It was out and out theft. He stole $67K. I wrote my small investment off a long time ago, but the theft of my small investment and the investments of 745 others adds up to criminal activity. In California where he resides that means a sentence of several years in prison along with full restitution. No I don't really expect to see Brandon go to Prison but what he did leaves me with a felling of disscust. Again, I have no dreams of getting a refund or even getting the finished product. The fact is that I don't like to get screwed, especially since he still is selling these products on another web site. Jeez people...get a life!! Kickstarter is NOT Amazon!! Its been over a year now, so chill! Just forget about it and then maybe one day in a few months you'll get something in the mail you werent expecting. No one is getting a refund. NO ONE! So stop acting like commenting on here is going to get you one. And guess what, they dont give a shit about you complaining. Obviously it hasn't even motivated them enough to post the occasional picture. Just GIVE UP. This project was a flop... @Bruce - lol LT, Are you kidding??? You might hear from him but we will never see a finished product. Never! It has been move than 14 months since he got the $67K and nothing. Update? Oh wait wrong project, I'll hear from World sometime in 2014. @Joseph Binotto Im with U Anyone try seeing if there is any recourse from the credit card companies? I wonder if we could find an attorney to go after Brandon? To me, fraud is fraud. I don't think the terms and conditions we all agreed to protects Brandon from fraud. I believe his egregious actions would even support a felony fraud charge here in California. Cody, I will agree with you on that last statement. Only problem is that in the 15 months that this fiasco has gone on, I have changed my phone twice and no longer have any need for the product. That will not be a problem as Brandon is not going to deliver the Foundation Dock anyway. I think more than anything, I'm just disappointed because this was a product I really wanted. It definitely would've become an element in my daily routine, as much as my phone is. What a shame :/ I went to his apartment in Santa Monica, (same address for his business) and checked it out several months ago. I very politely knocked on the door and saw that there was someone inside. No one ever answered the knock at the door. I left a typed message on the door asking for a call back. Did you ever get a call back from Brandon? Neither did I. Why am I not surprised? Joe, please do that and keep us informed. I wish I could do that as well. If only I lived at least in the same country as you guys. Since I live in southern California, I plan on checking out his "business"! This has become personal now. What about suing this guy? any recommendations? Brandon hasn't logged into Kickstarter since Oct. 16th, but apparently he's found the time to update his website (www.worldofsimpledesign.com) to read: Foundation Dock pre-orders will ship late Dec 2013. Oh yeah, that site doesn't have real photos either. See I knew Brandon wasn't clear in his last update. He was meaning Oct 2020 and Nov 2032 for our items. "We anticipate shipping for Flex Cables to begin late Oct with Foundation Dock units shipping mid Nov." Brandon, have they shipped? If so, tell us! Haven't they? Then tell us why! If you are a fraud, then just disappear. If not, BE A MAN AND HONOR YOUR WORD! Stop coming up with this shitty updates and telling us that what we're saying is an absurd! What's wrong with you? With pictures! I don't care if its of the cables, the docks, the vacation you took with our money or your mothers tits, just send some kind of pictures. Send us an update you dicks! @Bruce - maybe it's time for another visit his company and see what's going on? No communication from Brandon in over 6 weeks and what did he say then. He told us that he would ship in two or three months. It has been over a year since he got his $67,000 and it looks like this thief is going to get away with deception. There really is nothing we as Kickstarters can do. holy i got my flex cable ... November fools The world of simple design = The world that doesn't exist thats why its so simple. Brandon = Fraud More simple like that? Could some clever IT bod hack his websites so that anyone who accesses them are redirected to a page informing them of his poor performance and potential fraud on kickstarter? time to start loading his "contact me" with emails? <url>"patiently waiting". And nobody is "actively doing something" either, right? Thiago, "Just a friendly reminder". Are you kidding. You really can't be serious. This guy has had the money for over a year. $67K funded in October of 2012. That's 13 months and suddenly because it is November something magical will happen. He doesn't even give you the benefit of a response. His communication skills are nonexistent. And yet you are patiently waiting for Mid-November. What will happen in Mid November when you don't get your package. How about Mid December or even Mid January. Face it, he took the money and spent it elsewhere. Of course you can sit there waiting (until you turn blue.) "We anticipate shipping for Flex Cables to begin late Oct with Foundation Dock units shipping mid Nov." YAMAWAKI, Brandon, 2013. Just a friendly reminder. are we all excited it's the end of the month :P OMG, they are still trying to take money from others? If so, that is fraud and they should be prosecuted. They are also taking orders and money from their site. @Bruce - exactly what you are saying ... there's already been two versions of iphones released before anything has come from World of Simple Design. They even had the gaul to try and release something on Indiegogo a few months ago. Got our money and now trying for some other's money on another fundraiser site. @Joseph - I'm into about 20 kickstarter backings and so far this is the worst one of them all. There are a couple that are late, but updates show they are on track and I believe I will receive product. Joseph, You say that you are reluctant to back KS projects now and will do so very carefully. Only problem is that you and I and everyone else has in picking what to be is that we don't have a clue. This looked like a great project. There was no clue that this guy would be a thief and take our money and run. Like you, I am having second thoughts about backing anyone else because of Brandon's actions. $67K and no accountability for over a year. There are some Kickstarters who say that they are still waiting; waiting for what. After nearly 13 months do you think anything will change??? And yet they still wait. Tick tock on the clock, But the party don't stop, no! Looks like Brandon was the only one to party on this KickStarter project. Bruce, you were right. I was wrong (trying to find an ounce of goodness in this project). I was such a fool. The sad thing is that I am really reluctant to back KS projects now and will do so very carefully. Hey Carlo...nice camera you got on your pic, maybe Brandon could use one like yours!!!! LOL! Carlo, I honestly hope you're right. You guys are gonna feel might foolish when we get our cables! Yeah, I guess he was so excited to spend our money, he forgot to buy a camera. Again...... This is a Fraud!!! @Curt I ask Brandom for some pictures ling time ago....he wasted our money and dindt have enough to buy a 0.3Mp or a VGA Camera. Please forgive me. I totally missed the meaning of your post. What really bothers me is the number of people who still believe that this joker will come through and deliver a finished product. Talk about being naive. It has been over a year since he got the money from Kickstarter and he doesn't even give his Kickstarter the courtesy of a response. Brandon sure is a loser. PS It has been so long that I switched phones and have absolutely no use for his products. Bruce ... have you not read some of my other posts? My post was a joke. Shot through the heart And you're to blame You give Kickstarter a bad name I gave my part and you play your game You give Kickstarter a bad name :P Hope you've taken some nice vacations Brandon. At least show us some pics of them! Ondrea, And???? Go on, what did he say??? What did he promise?? You say he responded to you? Why only you? He can promise the world like he has for over a year, but Brandon's promises. mean nothing. He has responded to me. Lance, Are you waiting for a miracle? This guy has had the money for a full year, not communicated with the Kickstarters in a meaningful way. Repeatedly said that he would deliver and has not delivered and yet you seem to still be waiting for a miracle? He is not going to respond to you just like he has not responded to anyone in the last six months. Yes, he has made an update or two but the delivery dates in his update are long gone. This guy has run with the money. We still on track Brandon? I know the saying silence is golden, but it doesn't count for Kickstarter. It does not take over a year to produce a new product such as Foundation Dock. This man has had our $67,000 for over a year. I would be willing to bet that he has used the money for many of his personal needs. His communication skills were non existent. I could go on but it is not worth the time and energy. Make your own assumptions pertaining to Brandon Yamawaki; I know I have made mine. Quote from the Home page of this project. "When we achieve our funding, we will finalize tooling in Oct 2012, start our production run in Nov 2012 and will start shipping in Dec/Jan." Just saying....... Joseph, Joseph, Joseph; When October 31 comes and goes, what will happen as you? You will still be waiting for your Dock. It has already been one year, twelve months. Why would an additional month be magic. We have told him all along all that we were asking for is communication and he thinks so little of us that he doesn't have to respond. He has absolutely no respect for the Kickstarters who gave him $67,000. If you read his last update, he spent more time telling us that it wasn't $67K than he did telling us how he was going to correct the situation. He has no respect and yet you want to give him more time. This is the worst part of this project. This man took $67K and yet you roll over and say "thank you." Come November 1st I hope I am wrong but I am willing to put money on it that he is not shipping product. You on the other hand, come November 1st will probably want to wait another month to see if he "might" ship you dock. You are a true dreamer! Bruce, so true. I don't even want them anymore. I will sell mine on eBay as soon as I get them to mitigate my financial loss. But I am accepting their word based on the last update and give them the benefit of all my doubts. They were lousy communicators & probably horrible businessmen but that doesn't make them dishonest. I am withholding final judgment until end of October when I expect to see an update indicating cables begun shipping as promised. Does anyone really want them anymore? I know that I have changed phones twice in the last year and have absolutely no need for the cables that I had originally ordered. That aside, I am not really holding my breath that Brandon will suddenly ship the finished products. It has been a year and nothing yet. Why should we think it will suddenly ship? There have been several other products on Kickstarter that are very similar to this product and they all shipped out, a little late but they all shipped. Brandon has a lot to prove to us. He still has to prove to us that he just didn't take the money and run. Well happy anniversary to everyone then. Let's hope this is the year we get our flex cables. It's been exactly one year... I only have one question; Why no communication in more than 6 weeks. If you are as well meaning as you claim, a short reply regularly would alleviate much of the pressure. Until I see the finish product or a total accounting of the funds, not just a update (which really puts the blame on someone else); I will still question weather this is a legitimate project. Now it it your turn. Prove me wrong. The only way you can do this is to ship finished products or provide a complete accounting telling how you spent the money. We all are waiting for your reply. Will that be in another 6 weeks? This kick-starter project has provided me a considerable amount of amusement. Thanks for the recent update. Update just in.... Last Login 31 August. Brandon, you should be ashamed of yourself up to your eyeballs with your inexistent communication! You make kickstarter and every honest business person on it look stupid! Repeatedly many users have asked you to communicate on a weekly basis, even if things dont go as planned, but you have just as repeatedly ignored this request, and reduced communication more and more over the weeks and months. Now it's inexistent and you're even making us feel bad for pointing out your failures (see your own updates where you think our commenting is outrageous). You should take up a credit loan of USD 68000 and pay us back our pledges, SIMPLY because you did not communicate, not because the project failed, but because your communication is absolutely unacceptable! I am saying this in a respectful and considerate way, but my respect and my consideration is more towards the hundreds of honest backers, and not for one dishonest and communication-wise untalented and twofaced project manager. From the Kickstarter Article, link given by thialgo 6 posts down: "Kickstarter, itself, has made it very clear that it has no legal liability in any dealings between backers and project creators. (...) ... the company has a policy against commenting directly on failed campaigns or disputes between users" Brandons last Login to Kickstarter: Last login Aug. 31, 2013 ... speaks for itself! Brandon, seriously, you must be joking, right? INFORMATION!!! WHERE IS IT??? Seriously!!! No News?....Bad News!! This guy its a fraud. Can you believe it has been a year with this disaster. He got the money in early October 2012 and ran and is still running. $67,000! HEY LOOK! <url>"there is no money left." I am sure like you that there is no money left but, I am asking for a full accounting of the $67,000 that he took from us. Anything short of a full accounting is totally unacceptable and is really theft. Joseph is right, "we all have been had." I do believe his intention was to get a product out, but at this point, I believe all the funds are depleted. With no money left to produce the product, what can he do? I would have more respect for Brandon if he informed that this project is a failure - silence is a weakness. Funny thing, this was an impulse backing. I assumed due to its simplistic design, it would be easy to manufacture and execute. But what I didn't consider was fraud. Sadly gentlemen (& maybe a couple ladies), we all have been had. Time to move on and chalk it up to our testosterone gadget loving stupidity. Really? No update at all? Please respond. Carl, I agree with what you say but let's face it; communication has been non existent. It has been over 30 days since we last heard from Brandon. The odds of us ever hearing again become longer each day that passes and anyone requesting and then expecting a refund is not living in reality. Some interesting comments. I totally forgot about this project and had to spend time reading all that has been written. I am one of those pool 13 souls who invested over $200. I'm not financially worse off, but I'm a man of principles and feel a little let down here by Kickstarter and Brandon. If I start a project I do my best to finish it and keep those involved in the loop even if things go south. Like many have mentioned, reporting this is not really going to get us anywhere. Kickstarter are aware of the issue. Let's hope he does eventually respond to the backers to at least acknowledge that the project has failed. Probability of a refund is extremely low. Aditya, Face it. He doesn't have the money. It probably is long gone. What other reason would he have to not respond to the people who funded his project. And as for me I have written this off a long time ago. This is simply unacceptable, I do not even plan to use this phone for more than a few months! Can I have my money back? Bruce and others, This is off topic,but maybe useful - if you're looking for an iphone dock, the Dock+ is the first Kickstarter project that has exceeded my expectations. Bruce, I agree with you 100%. My only point is that I think we're screwed and I'm not going to waste anymore time on this train wreck. It's fine for you to pursue this and it could benefit all of us, but I think your probability of succeeding is slim. Correct Bruce!!! FRAUD!!! SR, I disagree with you 100%. I would not have knocked on Brandon's door or left him a note asking for a response if he would have communicated with the Kickstarters throughout the entire project. We have gone for periods as long as 2 months without a word from him. He took a total of $67K and won't even give us the courtesy of a response. This man just disappeared. That says fraud all over the place. He received the money almost a year ago and now is 8 months late in delivery. I agree with you that this is one project that we probably will have to write off but for some 13 backers who have invested $229 each, this is hard to swallow. My guess is that it's not fraud, but more a problem of incompetence and getting in over their heads. Either way, it's time to move on and write this one off. The money was probably all spent in attempting to get the product made, so I doubt there is anything left to refund. I see Kickstarter as taking risk, and if I support dozens of projects, I'm prepared to deal with one or two crapping out. I'm not excusing bad behavior, and yes, Brandon owes us an explanation, but we need to accept reality. Knocking on the founder's door and the BBB are wastes of time, unfortunately. On a separate note, I just received the Dock+, and it's an example of a great Kickstarter experience. 1 One Word: Fraud Here we go again. Just because you came out 10 days ago and told the Kickstarters about the manufacturing and delivery problems you are facing, that does not mean that all communications should stop. What has happened in the last 10 days? Sure something has happened, good, bad, but we the Kickstarters what to be kept in the loop. We want to be assured that this is a legitimate project. You owe us that much. Javier, it's the same answer I got a few months ago. As I said, reporting does nothing. Bruce, please check it above. Here you go> Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Ticket #245677: How come Kickstarter is not hearing my request and backer fro... Your request (#245677) has been updated. If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support, Aug 04 13:07 (EDT): Hi Javier, I'm sorry to hear that this project's delays and lack of communication has created a frustrating experience. I looked through the comments and sent the creator a message. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use (<url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. Kickstarter itself cannot force the creator to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, or communicate with backers (though we encourage them to do so). It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised and backers ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. For more on creator accountability, please take a look at our FAQ (<url>#Acco). Thanks, Ian Javier Toledo, Aug 01 23:34 (EDT): Let me tell you that every Backer has tried to contact the project creator, and he never responds, even hasn't show us any prove of the real product. Just take a look at the comments section of the project just take a look to see. Kickstarter Support, Aug 01 17:56 (EDT): Hi Javier, Thanks for reaching out to us about this and I'm sorry to hear that you've gone for this long without receiving an update on this project. While fulfilling a project can often take longer than originally anticipated, we expect and encourage creators to maintain communication with their backers throughout all phases of a project. As a backer, you helped to bring this project to life and you certainly deserve to be updated on its status. I'm sorry to hear that the creator has been unresponsive. If you have already tried to contact them through the "Contact me" link on the project page but haven't gotten a response, you might also check their profile for other contact information. On each project page, you'll see a 'bio' link on the right. In the bio you will see a link to their Facebook profile, website, or both and you can try contacting them through those. Unfortunately, we aren't able to provide any additional information other than what is listed on the creator's profile. That said, I'm more than happy to reach out to the creator of this project on your behalf. I'll be sending them a reminder of our Terms of Use, which require creators to deliver on the rewards that they initially promised or to refund all backers. I hope that this will encourage them to provide you with a much needed update. Best, Ian Javier Toledo, Aug 01 00:23 (EDT): This is the 5th email Im sending about this Foundation Dock - by World of Simple Design-Brandon Yamawaki <url>"Report this Project". Give Kickstarter the information about how the project is 10 months late and that we cannot get an answer from this man and ask for their help. Also refer to the fact that he is selling the same items on his web site, worldofsimpledesign.com Let's see what happens. It says this on their website: World of Simple Design pre-orders will ship late JUNE/JULY 2013. You say its 'ridiculous' that people think that you are trying to be fraudulent...however your ACTIONS speak louder than words...and everything you do, especially your lack of communication is disturbing. You have no chance of running a successful business if you can't keep 700 people happy...I mean seriously you can't take 5 mins out of your day to post an update here? WE ALL UNDERSTAND WE ARE NOT SHOPPING. If we thought it was shopping we wouldnt have been ok with a January delivery date. You promised a delivery did you not? We did back your idea, but not for FREE! You could have tried doing this project without any backer rewards. This is NOT a place to get seed money from angel investors....................... You have the absolute worse communication skills out of ANY project I have backed. Please show us you have a single shred of decency within you and POST A DAMN UPDATE occasionally. Jason, Are you kidding?? You said, "Let's all just wait a few more weeks." You are talking about requesting a refund and yet Brandon does not even give you the courtesy of an answer. We have not heard from this guy for over a month. Waiting won't help. Last week I drove over to his address in Santa Monica and knocked on the apartment door. The name on the mailbox was not his but I knocked anyway. No one answered and I left a polite note on the door asking for a call. Of course I heard nothing. Face the facts, this guy is a loser. He probably took the money and ran. Legal action in small claims court is worthless if you cannot find the person that you are suing and even if you find him, you still have to collect the judgement. He promised delivery in January 2013 and that is over 8 months ago, and yet he still takes orders for this same product line on the World of Simple Design website. I don't see anything but writing this money off as lost. Hope I am wrong but I don't think so. You know what would be a good Christmas present? Giving those of us who requested it OUR MONEY BACK. Sadly, I can't get a credit card refund, and I don't have the time to pursue legal action in small claims court. Let's all just wait a few more weeks until we get another update full of new excuses. It's not like Brandon ever told us what that "firm date" was for shipping out Flex cables and car chargers, right? UPDATE PLEASE... a Christmas present for last year is becoming a Christmas present for this year... well hopefully this year Brandon, Please send me an email or message here on Kickstarter so that we can arrange sending me my refund. I'm sure you want to do the right thing, so I'll be standing by and expecting to hear from you in a day or two. Sincerely, Thiago Javier, reporting does nothing. Shane sorry to tell you not wait for any response from Brandon, I encourage you to report to Kickstarter this project, Its almost 1 year since funding started and not even a clue of the product as today. So the only thing we can do now is to report this project. Brandon, Please send me an email or message here on Kickstarter so that we can arrange sending me my refund. I'm sure you want to do the right thing, so I'll be standing by and expecting to hear from you in a day or two. Sincerely, Shane Ok, Javier and Bruce, you have the address of his company, which is probably where he lives / used to live. I would expect / hope that he's not there, but in freaking China. I don't live in the USA, so I can't just drive there. What's the next step? What can I do to help? I don't think filing a complaint in BBB would do much, because apparently he's not worried about his "next costumers". Check it out: <url>"sit down and cry", as we say in my language? We need to do something about this! Talking to KS does nothing. Talking to the credit card co. does nothing. What's next? How much more time do you want to keep checking this page if there news? We either do something or consider our investment "burnt money". I do not live in USA. I think it's harder to do much more about this. I'm accepting suggestions, though. for all the people who say they will buy the "une bobine". i have one and i am disappointed with it. it's not very stable and the solution for iP5 is (pardon my french) shit! I still believe in Brandons Product, i am just UTTERLY disappointed with his communication! not even the delay itself, but the (quasi non existing) communication. Brian... again.. we need updates regularly. Once a week. can you promise to do that? give a sign of life, with photos, once a week? i dont think that's too much to ask for 67,000 bucks!!! Thiago, Jean are you for real??? Do you really think that there is any money left to send out refunds? Mike McArthur and Jason Silver, what do you suggest. How can I contact you guys? Jason, I sent you a twit. Please issue me a refund. The lack of timely and accurate communication is a huge business failing as well as the representation of the product shipping now on your website. Thank you Please issue me a refund. The lack of timely and accurate communication is a huge business failing as well as the representation of the product shipping now on your website. Thank you I sort of agree with Andrew except...... Brandon created his own "bed" by not keeping the Kickstarters who invested in your project informed on every step of the way. We have asked for updates and you don't even bother to reply. Yes, problems occur in manufacturing and additional costs that were not counted on occur all the time, but you could have eliminated the majority of your communication problems by simply communicating with the Kickstarters. Four or five months ago, you saw problems and you really said nothing. Three months ago the problems were still there and you said nothing, last month you promised to be shipping by July 5th. Surly a month ago, you saw these problems. Why did you not communicate your problems each time they raised their ugly head? How are we to believe you now? I want to believe that you are telling the truth and not spent all of the money on items other than intended but your track record is terrible. I can only suggest that you monitor this site on a daily basis and then answer any questions immediately and be truthful. Don't tell us a story thinking that is what we want to hear. We want the truth. Communication with us can be a major portion of your salvation. I wish you luck. Just read your email you sent last night, you have my full support, I am happy to wait and understand the issues you have with producing something like this. Jason, I read the article you suggested and would like to discuss further. Our funding period is also interesting. BTW, world of simple has an indiegogo project for an iPhone dock that elevates sound or something. Contact me. I might know someone. I wrote to Kickstarter yesterday: Ticket #239008: Project SCAM!!! : Foundation Dock - The new home for your iPhone Thanks for taking the time to contact Kickstarter. We have received your request (#239008) and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. In the meantime, please have a look at our Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) to see if the information there can help you: <url>"When Kickstarter Investors want their Money Back": <url>"Accountability on Kickstarter" post from the Kickstarter blog: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are EXPECTED to post a Project Update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is CRUCIAL. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are HONEST and TRANSPARENT will usually find backers to be understanding. Meanwhile, Brandon hasn't even logged into to Kickstarter in over a week (check his bio). So much for honesty and transparency. Brandon, we NEED an update! It's been one month since your last update (which had no news in it). But even if there still is not much new to tell, we still request an update!!! We all get that things go differently than expected, but it is absolutely lousy to not update at least once a week at this stage! We expect an update ASAP! @Bruce Brown that doesn't seems a great solution for iphone 5 - BYO cable and wrap it around the neck. L.M. You are so right. I looked up the link for a "similar" product that you told us about and this man has delivered his products almost a year ago. His prices were less than Brandon charged and the finished product looks even sharper. All of the reviews on his product are good. The product is now selling on his website. I went on the web site and placed an order yesterday for his product, cost me $30 including freight. The dock is to be delivered in the next few days. Forget Brandon!!!! He is a true loser!!!! Write him off! I am tired of waiting for the product. If he would of just answered our questions on a regular basis, I bet most of us would not have a problem. Anyway, seems like I have solved my problem by eliminating Brandon and his Foundation Dock. Take a look at <url>"nice" dock but in the time that we have been sitting waiting, newer and better designs are out on the market. How many Kickstarters went without a dock for a six month period. I know I didn't. I went out and bought a better one. I know I would like my money back but that would be a joke. This guy has spent every penny and now is scrambling to find funds to pay for the finished parts. I really believe that. Brandon, you think so little of all of us that you just don't bother to answer our questions or to give us updates. I really don't want to waste time reporting this guy but I am upset enough that I think I will report him. I would ask everyone else to report him so that he feels the pressure. Thiago - I reported the project and asked Kickstarter to contact Brian, to make him either give us more and more frequent information, as well as information that actually has content and shows us what's happening... or that they encourage him to admit the project failed, if that is the case! It has been a 6 month delay now, I think it is reasonable to put some kind of pressure now. Especially as updates come in VERY slowly... Brandon . please send an update IMMEDIATELY!!! --- June 20 is well over... is the production done? please show some pictures! and give as more information!!! I've purchased five items (backed about forty) that were featured on Kickstarter, on websites after the projects have closed, and I've seen that the products were delivered, with satisfied backers. One was not funded but still sold on Etsy. My point being, guys like Brandon, and Charlie (the creator from Curt's post) are going to hurt people bringing cool ideas here. Why back them when you can read the comments, see if they are doing a good job, and buy the product on Amazon, or other sites for the same price, or even cheaper. Some people might not get funded if we are not willing to take a risk (lots of backer only updates make me suspicious). I was new to Kickstarter when I backed this, and Brandon has taught me to be wary. Don't be fooled..this is very much a store........Caveat Emptor.........and men without honor, who have already been mentioned will never understand......Semper Fi....... So I am having a similar problem with another project I backed. <url>"This means Flex Cables for iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 and car chargers are going into production with a completion date of June 20 + 15 days on the water to get to the US." June 20 + 15 days = July 5th. " I guess the only thing he could say is "its on the ship" June 22nd, two days after the expected "completion date." Where's that update, Brandon? Why does getting any information for this project feel like pulling teeth? Here we go again!!!!! Brandon, 21 days from your last update. Almost a year and we have seen 4 pictures that suposed to be his work at China. Again I encourage all people to report this project to Kickstarter. Can I please have a refund. Thanks "This means Flex Cables for iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 and car chargers are going into production with a completion date of June 20..." So, it's June 20th. I don't think it would be unreasonable to expect an update, regardless of whether or not you've hit your dates. Transparency is key here. <url>"as indicated in the last update....This means Flex Cables for iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 and car chargers are going into production with a completion date of June 20 + 15 days on the water to get to the US." June 20 + 15 days = July 5th ".......interesting that no production photos have not been shown to us with 3 days left till completion of at least part of the project............Just sayin'.......... No one has answered MY question, yet! CAN I GET MY REFUND?! I left that version of phone a LONG time ago. I need to move on, please. You broke EVERY promise, I need what I used to back your promises back, please. Jeff – I've read through the updates, and I just want to confirm 100% that the Foundation Dock WILL be Apple MFI Approved / Certified? You mentioned in your 2/19 update that "We got approval for our 1 dock design (our original design).", so I'm pretty sure that's the case...but just wanted to get a firm confirmation. Please let me know. Thanks again for all of your efforts, and I hope the major hurdles and bumps are behind you. I can't wait to get my Foundation Docks, Flex Cables and car chargers. Cheers! :-) -Shane Greetings Brandon..........How are things going? I see on your website you have changed delivery to late June/July, I'm thinking that is just for the cables and charger, as per your previous comment, but hey, I know a lot of things can change in ten days since you last commented. So how goes it? Brandon, That reply is exactly what we are asking for. It give your best guesstimate at this moment. If the dates change, please keep us informed. And yes, I am familiar with the manufacturing process, Bachelors Degree in Industrial Management. Things change. Just keep us informed. Thank you for the response. Wow!!!! Just got your last update. You gave us no information in that update other than to say hello. You don't get off that easy. You are the manufacturer. You know your estimated production and delivery dates and yet you refuse to tell us. Right now you are over 5 months late on your delivery. We want an estimated delivery date. Let me quote you from your last update, "we are still on track with production and projected dates. Material has arrived at the factory, so far so good.” Great, the material has arrived. I am sitting here laughing because The Raw materials just got to the factory 5 months after you first promised to deliver.??? By the way is that all materials required to manufacturer all of the items shown in Kickstarter or only bits and pieces for some of the items? Is there now any raw material that you have not received? Now that the material has arrived, how long does it take to manufacturer and get it out the door. We want a timeline. Also once everything is manufacturered, how long will it take to ship to the US? And how long in customs and shipment to your warehouse? And then how long will it take for you to break down the master boxes and ship out the finished goods. We want a timeline, no we demand a time line. Nothing less will suffice. Your update told us nothing at all, other than you are still breathing. Bruce, The World of Simple site (<url>"World of Simple Design pre-orders will ship late MAY/JUNE 2013". Well, it's the end of May - time to update the website! Thiago, I think you misread the last update. Brandon promised a "completion date of June 20 + 15 days on the water to get to the US" What if the products don't finish by the 20th and what if it takes longer to ship via ocean freight? Any does our 4th of July holiday weekend add any additional time? Of course you have to a dd additional time to get the shipment through customs and shipped to his facilities. And then comes the time required to assemble the units, pack the orders orders and ship them out. Add to that a few days shipping. If we are lucky sometime in August sounds about right. Brandon, If I am wrong, you are really the only one who can correct any questions that I have brought up. Remember you promised delivery in January of 2013 and now it seems at the very best we might get delivery in August of 2013 (7 months late) But yet you fail to respond to our questions. Brandon, weekly updates, please. He gave us a date: June 20th. I'll keep that in mind. I'll quote my comment on Update #25: You have sent pictures and gave us a due date. Let's just get that straight: flex cables and car chargers will have been produced by June 20th and will ship separately, right? What about the docks? You don't have a timeline? Also, I STRONGLY RECOMMEND you start updating every week and always with pictures and dates. PICTURES and DATES! For everything... try to be thorough! If you do that, I bet you won't have to worry about people complaining, ironies, lawsuit threats or Kickstarter banging on your door. I, like everybody else here, am on your side! If we invested, we all want the product made and sucessful. The update is more than 2 weeks old and yet again we do not hear from Brandon. He promised delivery in January, which is 5 months late and yet he does not keep us informed on the status of the project. That just shows you what he thinks of us. Took the $68,000 and ran. Read about the Army cards, what a sad story! Hope this one works out. I'm indifferent either way, but hopefully you work this all out before Apple changes from Lightning, but I can't imagine it'd take THAT long hah. .....Thiago Falcao...... It wasn't always like this, here is a direct quote from Update #17..........."Well, we’ve reached the end of our Kickstarter campaign, and we couldn’t be happier with the results. We just want to take this time to thank you 746 times (we ended up with 746 backers – we know that because we’ve refreshed the Kickstarter page every five minutes for the past five weeks)"...........My, my, how things change. So I guess in lieu of no information on progress from Brandon, everyone might want to put 'Army Men' Playing Cards, up top, in the search projects box, and take a look at the comments there.........interesting stuff........just sayin'....... Brandon, Weekly updates, please. Brandon, Weekly updates, please. Guys, about this TRUNK thing, I really think the lightning connector won't hold the phone and might even get broken. I wouldn't even bother... The infamous Foundation Dock at least have some support on the side of the phone. I moved on to a totally different phone months ago. And to be honest, I had even forgotten about this project. But now that I "happened by," I would like to find out his I can go about getting a refund. If this product ever DOES ship it will now be completely useless to me. Please advise. Chan I was going to post the same thing!!! I will got one of those.... since this Foundation Docks will arrive with luck on Christmas. Just saw this on fb.. <url>#20, 21,22,23,and 24. He apologizes in each of the updates for taking so much time to update. His last update is over a month ago. We have not heard from him in over a month other than to tell us he is too busy to write an update. This is the man's MO. He is full of apologies and full of bull. As I am writing this, I see on the Kickstarter page a note telling me that when writing comments, "Be respectful and considerate." How can you have any respect for someone who does not respect you??? Thiago, Forget how inundated he thinks he is...... That is not a concern right now. No matter if he was really swamped (Which he definately isn't, Barndon owes us updates on a regular basis. Look at his last update (quite lengthy) but he says absolutely nothing about how the project is going. He does not offer any pictures. He does not give us an estimate of shipping dates. All he says is that he is very busy and wastes a lot of time telling us about other Kickstart projects of which he has no connection. We should be getting weekly updates and if there are problems we should be told. That is part of making an investment in new technology. Things are delayed. Delivery run late but the is absolutely no excuse that he is too busy to write updates on a regular basis. Take a look at his other web site where he is taking orders for the Foundation Dock at foundationdock.com. Here he is promising May/June delivery. May is almost gone. Again, Brandon makes a lot of promises, blames a lot of people, and does not deliver. Does anybody have the link for the Q-ube KS? Bruce, Bryan, Jason and BRANDON, All these other delayed projects, besides having picture updates, had thousands and thousands of backers, 500% or 1000% of the expected funding. That means they needed a production 5x-10x larger. That's not Brandon's case! It's 746 backers and i don't think it even reached 120% of the expected funding. THERE'S NO EXCUSE! I read you last response to our coments (posted about 9 hours ago). It was lengthy and told us nothing. You talk about all these other projects and yet you continually refuse to say anything about this project. What is the status of this project? There is not one of us who cares what has happened in the past. Why do you refuse to tell us what is happening. You surely must know. I am not familiar with your other project at <url>"start shipping in May 2013". Yeah. Anyone interested in a class action lawsuit? At first I was understanding of your plight you seemed to have gotten yourself in over your head and were trying to figure it out. Now it looks like you took our money from the Foundation Dock campaign and used it to fund a new project: <url>"success" you are truly sleazy.<url>"still patient" and wishing you success." How can anyone still be patient? We all wish you success or we would not have become involved with this project. Everyone wants their dock but most realize that there can be problems during the production cycle. I am pretty sure that I am speaking for most of the Kickstarters, what we want now is information. It has been over a month since we had an update from you. You can eliminate most of the "haters" by giving us a good update with a realistic end in sight. How much time would it take to write an update? 30 minutes at most, maybe even less. Even you, busy as you are can give us that much of your time. As I said before, you owe all of your Kickstarters that much. How about it? Brandon.... I'm sorry but apparently you only answer to these "threats" as you called them. Yes, you do have a point about the delayed project, AS LONG AS YOU KEEP US UPDATED! That's all everybody is asking for! I, myself, backed the Pebble. And I had no problem waiting these 9 months that you've said because they had 38 updates! Oh, also, they had 70 friggin thousand backers! You had 746! They had a much much much bigger demand than they expected... I'm sorry, but that's not your case. Of course it is easier said then done, but don't underestimate the intelligence of people you don't know. BTW Brandom as you told me on the updates comments "nice to see you here" I will tell you: It will be nice no to see you but to see updates!!!! And let me tell I'll DEMAND every day! for all backers. World of Simple Easy money! Good luck, keep at it... realize there are lots of patient backers wishing you success. Brandon...............Did you start shipping the Q-UBE Docks today?.....I see you checked in.............. Bruce, I did send them an email requesting their attention on this project. They answered me asking me to click the REPORT button in the bottom of the project's main screen. I did report it, but haven't had an answer about it. And also, I think I won't have because you do not leave your address. You have to do it logged in, though. What do you suggest we do about our money? I forgot to ask one question, What is the status of our $67,748? After all it really is our money. There is no problem with a project running slow, but you have to let your "investors" know the status of the project. You have not done that. You have given us all sorts of excuses but no answer. I am not going to bother myself anymore with this loser. Some of you said earlier that you were going to contact Kickstarter to report this project. Did anyone? Was there ever a reply from Kickstarter? So, what about that update you were in the middle of writing? Sadly the next generation of the iPhone may be out by the time we get the awards for our pledges. I'm still holding out faith that Brandon will come through for us. Keep at it, WoSD! Sadly, I have lost any and all faith in Kickstarter projects. Even though I will never back another project, I do expect to receive my dock one day and would like it to be for iPhone 5, since that is the era we are now in. Brandon, please give us some means to adjust to our current phones. Your last update was dated April 14; that was over 3 1/2 weeks ago without a word from you since then. No pictures, No Comments. I reread your comments and they we ambiguous; you said a lot about nothing. You told us that you again are in China. How long a flight was that? Do you think that you could have spent some of your flight time on your computer informing us of the status of the project? You cannot really think it is Javier's fault for slowing down the process. If you would have spent more time letting your investors know what is happening; you would have eliminated this problem. Sure we want the product but I would guess most would understand the delays if you offered a timeline. Sometimes the timeline has to be extended but then another timeline would be in order. You have a lot to learn about management skills. I forgot to mention that besides having a lot to learn; you have $68,000 of our money. WOW..............Interesting comment, from Brandon (Javier, you crack me up!, and if I recall they have a songwriter on staff, maybe you could team up?). This is a direct quote from the October 2 Update...." As soon as our Kickstarter campaign ends, our retail store at World of Simple Design will launch, and the Foundation Dock and Flex Cable packages will be available for preorder immediately " I guess those folks weren't shopping either, be interesting to hear some of their comments....... Hi Brandon. Although I was initally excited when this project was created, you might say that the bloom is off the rose. I'm astounded that you're actually criticizing a backer for raising valid concerns with this project. I've backed nearly 20 projects on Kickstarter, and have never experienced one with such poor project management. While there have been 24 project updates, not one has shown an actual photo of: the factory, the PCB board, a pre-production sample, etc. How do we truly know progress is being made? Sadly, I'm reporting this project to Kickstarter too. I suppose that this will mean you'll have something else to "deal with" instead of posting an update. MR BRANDOM!!!! EXCUSE ME!!!!!!!! This is ridiculous!!!! Now Im the one Slowing down the process???!!!!!! Let me remind you..... We are the ones making your project and dream come true with our money!!!!!!!!! Where are the pictures, demos, answers from backers, etc etc etc that we are been asking for??? Now that almost every one here are complaining you appear, but not when all this people ask you for answers you're not updating or answering. If this is the way you are gonna treat your customers let me tell you......WRONG. @barndon: I already report it. @Bruce Brown: I could make millions with my music LOL!!! Brandon, You have emailed me because of a comment before. Please send me an email with an estimated shipping date, or issue an official update doing it, or I'm reporting the project. I'm sorry this had to get to this. Here's what KS has to say: "If a project you’ve backed raises your suspicions, please let our Trust & Safety team know by using the Report this project tool at the bottom of the project page. We review every report with care." Ok, 3 days and I did not get an answer. Bruce, Javier, Dave, Matt, David, Pierre and Cody. How about we do something a little more useful instead of whining comments. Any suggestions? Quoting Dave: "This should put to rest any notion that Kickstarter project creators are immune from legal liability for unfulfilled promises from their Kickstarter projects. They can be sued for breach of contract and be compelled to remit appropriate compensatory damages to the aggrieved backers." Javier, your music is good. Do you think you might want to start a Kickstarter project? Can we finance an album of your music??? At least we would have something. Right now we have nothing with the Foundation Dock. I just want to sing.......Aruba, Jamaica, ooh I wanna take ya $$$$ Bermuda, Bahama, CHINA....... come on pretty mama Brandon: I'm a big fan of the project, but please, give us weekly updates. It sucks to use the sentence "you owe us that", but I think (and others too) you are starting to. Again, there's no problem in having a delay, as long as the community can rest assured they're not being made a fool of themselves. CAN YOU ASSURE US OF THIS? This is my last request and comment about this. Brandom z z z z z z z z Bradom z z z z z z z z z ohhh no I forgot he's in China -.- -.- -.- -.- -.- -.- Thats the way he's updating this project. I guess to me it is all about accountability. The communication is poor, it seems his team has left the sinking ship (as evidenced by the fact that Brandon now has to do "EVERYTHING" himself, his words, not mine). What happened? I, probably like quite a few of you, have contacted him personally. I have not gotten a satisfactory response. He is in China (dollars bleeding away), send us a picture of the factory, (LIFX guys did) of him eating a egg roll, at least something. But no, just lame excuses. I know everyone who backed this wants it to succeed, to help in a small way to realize what may have been a dream. That in my opinion means you have a responsibility to keep people informed, good, bad or ugly. In that, this project has failed miserably. Will it succeed? I have no idea. I do think that with the level of funding, it would have been hard to pull off even with no problems at all, yes I do. Stress, maybe......Challenge, for sure, but these are the things that let you know your alive...........Semper Fi.......... Brandon, you write in your update: "We are looking at April for final samples" - it is the end of April! Please show us pictures of samples and keep updating us!!!!!!!!!! There are a number of projects who's creators disappear as soon as the project gets funded. There are too many dishonest people using Kickstarter to take advantage of backers and steal their hard earned $$$. "Investors" are only hoping to track their investment and only expect was was promised at the time project creators asked for money. At Kickstarter it's always in the form of a 'promised' product. Communication is a reasonable expectation throughout the process as is the fulfillment of the projects reward. It's an explicit agreement - in writing when the project begins. No one says you may get an award...they explicitly describe specific rewards. Too many broken promises from project creators leads to investor frustration and anger - Unfortunately,broken promises are the norm here at Kickstarter. I'm with Cody, and I always try praise Brandon when posting a comment. But, in this casem differently from Pebble, he should be posting more updates more frequently, that's what upsets people. Not the delay... Again, keep up the good work, Brandon. Yeah.... Right Cody!! Umhu. Good comment Cody ! I just wanted to send out some positive vibes to you guys, cause I feel like there's a lot of backer negativity and entitlement on Kickstarter! At least from my perspective, people can't treat Kickstarter like an online shopping mall. We're investing in the inventions/dreams/future of a company and its team. The fact that we will eventually receive the product is a great bonus, but that's not where your $15, $30, or $99 is actually going. You're paying to help them make this a reality, not DIRECT PURCHASING an item. If that's what you were looking for, wait until it is released to Best Buy and go pick one up yourself. The last thing Brandon and World of Simple need is more stress while they bust their asses trying to make something out of nothing. Apple is a company with high standards that must be met -- it's not a quick or easy process, and neither is production on an item that heretonow has not existed anywhere ever. Once again -- if you only back projects because you expect a product to be shipped to you day and date, then kindly delete your account and move on. You're not cut out for this. We are investing in people and ideas. That's where your money went. You want to go to COURT?? Oh please, how about you just go AWAY!? can't wait to use this in my car Separate shipping will be great, Good news for me. Hope that you will declare it accordingly. - Won't be taxed (32%) if each shipment value is lower than USD 160. What should creators do if they're having problems completing their projects? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a Project Update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill."...........Interesting This should put to rest any notion that Kickstarter project creators are immune from legal liability for unfulfilled promises from their Kickstarter projects. They can be sued for breach of contract and be compelled to remit appropriate compensatory damages to the aggrieved backers. Mr. Brandon? It seems that you see this page every month, What about the pictures I asked 3 days ago? hello? World of Simple my ass... Updates, please. At this speed iPhone 6 will arrive!!!!! What about some pictures to probe us that Materials,colors, etc etc are not the ones you and us were expecting? I dont get it 6 months later and you still looking for production samples? WOW, very dissapointed, I dont mind to give you away $30 bucks, money doesnt matter but at least we should have the truth and demostrate everyone here that trusted on you and in the future will think twice to back any project from you. Best of luck on your research and what else we can do rather than wait. I don’t mind the delays I expected them. But I think you should find community manager. Seems like you are more of the product type person rather than a communications person. Brandon any new updates? Brandon, I've sent you an email and a message through KS 4 days ago and didn't get an answer. I'd like to know if I can change from the 30-pin connector to Lighting. I understand the delay you're having and and have no problem in waiting. Also, I'd like to know if it's possible to have a smaller value (US$ 49,00) declared on the invoice so that I do not pay importing taxes here in Brazil. And, if everybody is getting this coupon you've mentioned to William. Thanks again. Thank you for the info.... Can't wait to receive the foundation dock I need to change to a lightening cable, how can I do this thank for the update Brandon !! Thank you for the info Brandon! great question William Is there a chance that all the backers will get a discount on future orders of these products and or anything else your site has? I know other kickstarter products offer a percentage off on future orders or a promo code for a discount... i am filing a complaint with the credit card company that you have cheated us and we want our full refund of the money. Can you either resolve the matter peacefully or we go the liablility court and also file complain with amazon payments?? Await your reply I agree with Matt lol Hey Brian. This is getting really late. How about you update us weekly from now on? I think that'd be fair to all the people that made your project possible. guys... UPDATE PLEASE!!! you owe it to your backers. No sign of life for over a month! Come on!!! you guys suck I too now need the Lightening connector : / any update? I no longer have the iPhone 4S. Is there any way I can change to the Lightening Cable? Thanks, Michael Any chance I can change to the lightening cable? This user's account has been deleted. Thank you for the updates describing the delays you encountered but what is the current estimated ship date? any update? What is your current delivery date barring any unforeseen problems? Thank you Updates would be great. If we're waiting a couple more months I'm going to need to change from the 30 pin to the lightening cable. Hi Brandon! I want to clarify, when I send an order? Thank you. Hi, i ordered a extra cable and a car charger through your webpage, will i get it a the same time as my dock? Or can i bundle it into the same shipping as my dock? when do we expect our delivery? its been feb now and the delivery was estimated Jan 2013. please update you guys need to work on throwin an update up here once in a while Hi Folks, any update on the issue resolution yet, and current forecast shipping dates? Thanks, any news about the MFI approval? I understand that you have had some delays regarding the iPhone 5 lightening cable, but for those of us that did not request that as our desired dock, is there a projected time frame for the 30pin cables to go out? Or is everything put on hold while you wait and see what happens with the lightening cable? Thanks in advance, Michael Thanks for the update and info ^^ Any updates?? Can you let me know the cradle dimension (maximum phone case thickness) As I would like to know if a iphone 5 with a bumper case will fit Thanks any updates? its been a while... Hey I accidentally ordered just the car charger that doesn't include the cable. Can I adjust my pledge? Hello Brandon, any update, issues or good news? Hi Brandon! I'll be moving in a week, but have already submitted a survey for my old address -- is there any way for me to get my new address to you guys so I don't miss my shipment? Any chance that those that just ordered flex cables could be shipped earlier? Seems it's the simplest part and most likely to be ready way before the docks. I mean, aren't you going to create a cable compatible with Note 2 or is there any chance to refund the money? Thank you and sorry for the re-post Brandon I love Fundation Dock, I backed it for the early super bird special and an additional cable for a S3, but i am thinking about change it for a Note 2, and i dont want to lose either my money neither the dock, what options do I have if I buy the Note? Thank you! Not sure if this has been asked yet, but how would we use the headphone port for the iPhone 5 when cradled in a car for aux audio use? wait i already submitted it, i'm an idiot lol i never received a survey, is there a delay because i pledged close to the end? thank you Is this still on track for a January delivery? I'm just wondering if you already have Apple Authorization to use their Lighting connector so we can be able to Sync and Charge our iPhone 5 or iPod touch 5th Generation. Regards. Hey Brandon, I just got my survey and I was wondering where I could go to see what all of the colors look like so I know which color cable to get? Thank you for the amazing product! I pledged $164 and picked the $114 (dock, cable, car charger) but for the life of me can't figure what adds up to the $50 balance. Can't wait to get this !!!! I added $30.00 to my pledge for an extra flexible cable/cradle. Will there be a flexible cable with extra bulky cradle for iPhone 4/4s or a cradle for the iPad 3/4 available soon ?, as I would like to choose one of those for the survey. survey ? Received & summited my survey. Thanks This user's account has been deleted. I never received any survey either? Double checked my email to make sure just now. @Fred M I received my survey Oct 18th. When are the surveys going out? I have not received anything as of yet. Brandon – I just picked up an Element Case Sector 5 aluminum iPhone 5 case (<url>″ wide, 5.15″ long and .35″ deep Also, will the cradle have a protective liner inside, so as to avoid scratching the iPhone and/or any metal or otherwise delicate surface? Please let me know. Thanks again, and I hope everything in your post-funding world is good. Cheers! -Shane we await our docks.. Hi Brandon I've pledged/backed for 2 different categories. 114 and 50. But I can only choose one How Do I go about it ? The extra bulky cradle will fit the new Rockshield v3 for iPhone 5? The dimensions should be the same of the previous version for iphone 4 (Rockbed v3). Thanks again Thanks for the reassurance, Brandon. Glad to hear that you guys are going through the process now. How will Apple's new certification rules for the MFi program affect your delivery schedule for iPhone 5 docks? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Congrats Brandon and world of simple design, can't wait to get the dock I had a question about the USB ports on the back of the dock. Will they charge the iPad with 5V 2.1A or are they standard USB power ports? I need news on the bigger cradle, please. Thanks again I apologize if this has been covered previously, but is a USB cable for connecting the dock to a computer included with this reward? Thanks! Hi Brandon, I just read your comment that the pass through hole on the cradle is only for people using the flexible cable in their cars. So if I want to use headphones with my iPhone 5 while it's in the cradle+dock will I be using the "line out" on the rear of the dock? Sorry... if this has already been covered I didn't see it. Brandon, If I want a USB car charger and extra flexcable for my car, I add $45 to my pledge, correct? Randall, the passthrough is on the cradle, not the dock. Does a pass through hole on the dock simply mean that it's just a whole and we have to attach an 3.5mm audio cable into the iphone's actual headphone port or is there a 3.5mm port on the dock itself? Basically I just want to dock and listen to audio without having to plug in a separate cable. Just curious, it says estimated delivery is in January 2013. If we are doing a dock as a Christmas gift, is it just going to be a later gift or is delivery going to be before Christmas day? The Cradle will fit the new iPod touch, right? What is included with the $15 car charger option? is the adapter included? Could you guys test extensively the iPhone 5 connector before shipping? Maybe show us some videos and photos? I'd like to make sure that the cradle can hold it in all kinds of angles. Thanks. Hello, I read on Gizmodo this morning about Apple cables requiring an authenticator chip for the iPhone 5 Lightning Connector, with a recommendation to avoid third-party cables for now. Is this something you've planned for? Thank you! Hmmm does the car charger or dock have an aux out? Are the audio connections (speaker and mic) wired through the Flexible Cable, wireless via Bluetooth, or something else? That's good to know regarding the length of the car charger. Thanks, Brandon. The boxes look great! Can't wait to get the product! Yeah! $45,000! Hope we get the RED cable!!! I second Gabriele's question. Any news on a larger cradle for bulky protective cases? Hi Brandon, thanks for the update. I got a couple of friends to back the project today. Regards. Brandon, can you guys try to make the black part of the USB car charger--the part that goes into the car's cigarette lighter socket--as short as possible? The 3D model you have of the charger shows a really long stem. That could potentially have fitment issues with certain cars, particularly ones with a stick shift. Can you comment on the quality of the speakers? Hi! Just backed the last 99$ Early bird. Just want to confirm that the shipping cost to Canada is only 20$, same as the other early bird award. Am I correct in assuming that the 50$ was the old shipping costs? Thanks! Any additional stretch goals besides the ability to chose the new cable color? Brandon, for the iPad, how will it hold on with the weight? I have an iPad 2, which should be lighter than the new iPad. I'm planning on using it next to my bed, for reading before sleeping. Will this be able to hold the weight? Hi Brandon, I'm not getting the iPhone 5 at all. I'm assuming all new iPhones after the 5 will have the new pin connector, will I be able to purchase a new cable two years from now?, will this product be available at retail stores after Oct 2nd?. Thanks again, I apologize if this has already been asked Good morning, when do we get to pick what color of the cable we want and if we want it for the iphone 4 or iphone 5? Thanks for the quick response! I'm super excited for January so I can get my hands on this! I have the $99 reward and I was wondering if there was a way to get both the 4s and 5 cable. How much more would I need to pledge? Thanks in advance! Also, hopefully the clear back part that holds the phone doesn't scratch the back of my new iPhone 5! Any update on the iPad version? Also, I'm assuming there will be a NATIVE iPhone 5 cable, not using the adapter, right? Oh and congrats on reaching your goal! congrats on making it!!! Looking forward to receiving my Foundation dock! Just $150 more! So close...... Hit 37 already That's fine, I don't mind waiting a little bit. I will be waiting for my Spike2 case for iPhone 5 anyway. Thanks. Being that your asking backers to let you know if they will need 4s cable or iPhone 5 cable, I'm guessing this dock does not support the adaptor apple will sale for those of us who still use the old 30 pin connector Will the current rewards remain the same when you find a solution for the larger cases? Can I stick with the current pledge and be covered for the large case version? I just want to confirm this, I selected the $119 reward and pledged the additional cost of an extra cable and a car charger, I don't need to do anything else at this time correct? From what I understand you'll contact me when funding ends to select the color of the two cables and confirm the the rewards? Is there any chance this would work with the Spike case (another Kickstarter project)? Great project! Such a simple design but amazing product! Can't wait! Hi there, This looks like a really great item so i grabbed the $114 plan, but I am wondering if there is a charger for the base (powered usb ports) included or must you buy one separately? Thanks, I can't wait for mine!! ~Gail I'm sorry to bother you on the subject of "managing your plegde" again, but i'm from Europe and i believe my specific question is not asked/answered already. I got the early bird $ 114 plegde and i would like to add an extra cable. I know that i have to add $ 30 to my plegde then, but do i - again, i'm from Europe - have to add another $ 15 for shipping as well or does the original shipping cost of the $ 114 plegde also cover the shipping cost of the extra cable? Will your car charger also charge an iPad, meaning will it provide 2.1A of power? Will is also support a standard USB cable? Does the "cable" also include the "dock" portion? Is the dock portion itself exchangeable? (i.e. iP4 -> iP5) What is the dock portion made of? Aluminum or plastic? If we buy the $114 level with car, dock and cable can we add the $50 (2 cables) option or just add $20 to get our original order to 2 cables? So I added $15 to my reward. So it's at 45 with a cord. Is that how I can get the car charger? I'm convinced I changed my pledge to 114.00 can't wait looks great I have a USB connection in my car, I just want to make sure it will fit there as well vs buying the pledge with the car charger? Thanks Brandon. I got the early bird $114 and added the $30 for an extra cable totally $144 pledge. Can't wait to see the iPad cable... it would be awesome on my night stand! How do I add another pledge for an extra cable? Have you consider to make 2 dock sizes for Flexible cable for people like me that have large case? Will there be a flamingo pink cable (Basically pink, I figured that would be the name of it) What if you have like a otterbox type hard case that's a pain to remove everytime to dock Like the concept of the product, however may iPhone users, myself included, have their phone in some type of case. How will the docking work with cases? Maybe a connector for the iPad as well?