Excited to see the pig - keep up the great work gents! I'm glad to hear that things are going well and I like the new trailer. For myself, "Summer" is specific enough :-). Any update on a delivery timeframe? March is almost over; do you have an ETA for delivery? works for me, i'm just happy to be playing when it went over the mark :D over the 9999 mark, does it still count? "What operating system do you want your digital copy of Full Bore to run on? Windows / Linux / Mac" Well, although I prefer Linux the only one of those I trust to actually work is Windows, so I'll have to go with that. Do I really have to choose? :( So will Full bore be available on mac? I supported it hoping I would be able able to play!? WOOT WOOT YOU MADE IT!!! Congratulations guys. Great job done by all and pledges well deserved! Read you worked on Nurarihyon no Mago: Hyakki Ryouran Taisen. I love Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan :D Glad I funded somebody who in some way or form helped something related to something I liked. That was a long way to go to find a connection... Grats on the successful funding! Grats guys on a success funding! 4k above your goal is awesome :) aaaand... Time up! I never knew that KS actually counted down the last couple of minutes second by second without having to refresh the page. Addendum: I did find the secret code room that required the use of my mobile phone, so that isn't it. I believe I've fully completed the demo, but there's one thing a little off... <url>"Dig Site", if I go the lowest platform, the screen stops scrolling. See screen "<url>" When I clear the diamonds or go through all the not-yet-trodden-through doors, their signs disappear from the map(s), but when I get one of these green orbs the question marks still remain in the map screen. Not sure if I overlooked something, but that has happened two times know. The WASD-thing comes due to me not being much of a FPS-player, so I play most platformers or similiar games with the arrow keys and the WASD-keys feel unnatural. The save-slot thing is probably due to the fact that I've learned to have multiple saves in most games, since most games I've played over the years had bugs or other stuff corrupting my saves files. Even if it is just one rare occurrence in an otherwise stable game and you have to start all over. As for your saving scheme, I actually dislike games storing their data not in the folder where I installed them. I know that's pretty common these with flash games and others spreading their data all over the system, but I really find it annoying. I fiddled a bit around with the graphic cards settings and that seemed to do the trick. Not perfect, but much faster now. Two more things: I don't really like the WASD-combination for movement and I prefer to have the option of more than one save. Probably stuff that'll be implemented/changed in the final version anyway. I like the pixel animation, really fun (like when you head-but a non-destructible wall). Characters move pretty sluggish in all big maps, thought. Speed gets back to normal in small sized maps. Not sure if my computer is too old (P6100, 2GHz). Well this looks odd, im of to try the demo.