Ping I live in Winnetka California. I have received nothing. So, any chance i'll see the foreign language edition copy i pledged for? I received both of mine, and love them! I am still pretty disappointed about the condition of the box I received. I hope any future campaigns will be handled better. I'm still waiting for my copy of the Black Box and rewards too. Have received nothing here in the UK (although, as noted by others, copies have been on store shelves since at least September 2012). No response from CGF to my e-mail sent to <email>. I haven't received mine either. So far nothing has arrived. It's almost February and there have been copies on Amazon, EBay etc. for a while now. Why are actual backers in Asia, like myself, being forgotten? I still haven't receive my game, who should I contact? Received mine today.. Brisbane, Australia... Now it's over six weeks since the China Post parcel to Oz was sent. Has it turned up this end? Do you know where it is? Is there anyone out there? *crickets* Can you please confirm (A) that your Australian distributor has received the US-shipped portion of the Australian orders and (B) that you'll let us know when the China Post parcel arrives with the distributor? I got it already, But no risers and mini camp came with the package. :( I'm not sure that it will come later? Still waiting on the game arriving. If all sent by last Wednesday - even given the poor speed of Royal Mail and my location at the back end of the Universe I would have thought it should have arrived by now Just wondering what's happened to the various bits and pieces still missing from my pledge - got the games, the poster and the promo. Got a letter (great!) but not the one with the (ornate?) apology :-) No badge, risers or tee-shirt (!) yet... Silly question: if I put those little plastic feet on the player camps to elevate them, will the camps still all fit in the box? Or will the added height to each piece of cardboard make them hard to fit in? As a US, should I have received mine. I have moved in June. Hopefully you picked up new address. I still have not received the game, can this be collected at Essen? I still do not have mine and I live in California. A friend of mine who also did this campaign, who lives a mile away got his three weeks ago? So I guess I am forgotten? @Tegs: Last info I saw was from a week ago, on the BGG thread ( <url>"those should have finally started shipping yesterday or today. I will edit this update to post a confirmation that all such orders have shipped from Shanghai, hopefully within a day or two". That was three weeks ago. I assume no news is bad news, but could we please have another update? Got mine!! Thanks. Loving it. > Is there anywhere to go to get shipping status? Not here apparently... Come on guys, the last update is from 06 september. We are almost in october!!!! I know it's not pleasant for you to post here because people (including me) are angry, but hey, you owe us $73,102! I think it deserve a little more respect! Is there anywhere to go to get shipping status? Toronto, Canada -- Received a parcel of 2 games today. Have to pay extra CAN$20 for tax and handling fee. I am happy with the new game design and quality. But this KS project was not a pleasant experience, with the year-long wait and extra cost despite i already paid for shipping. Can you provide some details on Australian shipping? 14 days ago the update you were going to post an update 'within a day' of orders shipping in Asia. The game was made in Asia. How is shipping in the region so hard? The Chinese postal system is incredibly cheap and pretty efficient in my experience. Just send them to a damn post office and stop faffing about with middlemen. You cannot have more than a hundred odd games for Asia. When I backed this project OVER A YEAR AGO I did not expect so many delays and so much misinformation. Eventually ,one day, hopefully within this calendar year I will receive the game, and spend most of my time whilst playing relay a tale of customer service woe. Thanks John! @axelfudge, mine arrived yesterday in Canada via Canada Post What is the address to send the 5.00 for shipping! No response in 3 days! I need my games! :) I just know I'm going to walk into my FLGS an see GtR:BBE sitting there... and CGF still can't tell me how they are shipping this to me in Canada. Still waiting. C'mon, folks. So, my FLGS shipment apparently got lost. One year wait for naught! They did sign off the package one week ago and to the date I have yet to receive a proper answer about what happened. Lesson learned, at the tune of $35 and a year wait. This user's account has been deleted. This project has gone Titanic! Just got mine (& other than a pretty bunged up corner of the main box, making opening it a little fiddlier than usual) everything looks very nice, can't wait to try it out :D @Dale Totally agree with you ! I am dissapointed. Until now I have been concerned but have written it off as a kickstarter thing, but its not like this is the first product from a brand new game publisher with no other products under their belt. I have to jump on the bandwagon of people posting about stores receiving the game before I have, since at least one of the local stores I frequent received copies for retail sale on Wednesday this week. This is very dissapointing that the people who made this kickstarter happen are not being taken care of in a timely manner and before the retail stores. Not too mention that the backers are paying more than the stores are charging! Information has been sporadic at best and then the information contained in the updates has been like a shotgun blast into the blackness of a land locked night at the sound of a ship on the ocean or a shipping container being moved that you thought you may have heard. It would be nice if someone, anyone, associated with Cambridge Games would actually collect and disperse correct information in a timely manner and address the backers posted concerns. I really hope someone steps up to the plate here and decides to actually take care of the backers and make things right! My game arrived on the 5th... I haven't had a chance to play it yet, but it feels solid, and I love the texture on the cards. For folks who haven't gotten their copy yet, hold out hope! This project is *finally* delivering! I just got My Black Box Delivered at my Place. Hope to Play over the weekend. I just picked up my black box at Chicagoland Games. AWESOME. For those still waiting, it will be a serious treat when it arrives...Thanks guys. @Shawn This is poor organisation for sure. This project smells bad since the beginning. We got false promise every updates and sometimes no update at all. I don't know what's worst : no news or false news ... I have not received any response from Cambridge Games or emails about my FLGS stating either that my copy has shipped or that they have even accepted the game. I contacted my FLGS that I listed when purchasing the game and they have heard nothing from CG's. I'm not sure whether this is from poor organization, or if Canadian's are just being scammed. Customer service and responding to issues should be an important aspect of any company, and this one, so far, has failed miserably. There are MANY people getting copies from actual gaming stores, but yet I sit home without any notice or response. I feel ripped off and will be filing a complaint to KS within a day unless I hear some proper feedback. Hey I just got an email saying my game has finally shipped...still not sure how it is shipped a week and a half after I saw it for sale but at this point I am just glad it is finally on its way! I got a change to play the Black Box Edition last night and it does look nice. Unfortunately it was copy my friend purchased from an online store (at a lower price and actually got it a few days ago). I can understand him getting it at a lower price. I can sort of understand stores getting it before backers. I can some what see how someone could get it delivered from an online store and paying a lower price. What I am having trouble understanding is how the ONLY comminucation I have gotten about all of this is form this forum in which I was told "I hear that there are a few concerns that we have been sending games to stores for sale but not to backers. That's simply not true." Hello! Any news about the shipment to Asian backers? I just saw copies for sale online at Noble Knights! :( Hello! Any news about the shipment for european backers? I have to say that the fact that it is available for purchase when some US backers have not even had the email noting their copy has been shipped is very disappointing especially since the updates indicated shipments to US backers would occur a couple weeks ago and yet comments below indicate shipments to US backers are still going out. I have not recieved notice of my shipment yet and have to chock this up to "over promising and under delivering". I get this is a large scale project and one of the first of its kind for Cambridge but you guys have severely damaged your credibility. Still no email and as a backer in the US how do I not have this when I can now get it from many sites (who have it in stock and seems I could have got it from them faster): <url>". How are they personalized? They look like regular cards to me. I don't see instruction on how to incorporate them into the game. Finally, what are the little rubber dots for? Just wondering what % are shipped in the US. Have you got to the individuals yet? Thanks Steve I received my game today. Thank you so much it was so worth the wait. Thank you for everything. I know there were problems but thing like this happen. Saturday game night is going to rock. We now have another new game to play. -steve I just picked my game up, and I'm glad that you sent a demo copy along with mine to Jupiter Games. My copy was in great condition, and a few demo games were played the night before I picked mine up. The game was well worth the wait, you and everyone else at CGF have done a great job. We just received our copy and other than bubbles and a few tears in the laminate, it looks great. We can't wait to play this week, and thanks for Plato 3000. All in all more than worth the wait. Any update on Asia shipments? How far through are they? I picked up my copy of the game today at Rockhead's Comics and Games in Kenosha, WI. My box is slightly crumpled, but nothing major. I am very happy with both Glory to Rome and Plato 3000. Allen, the owner/operator of Rockhead's wanted me to thank Cambridge Games for sending a free demo copy for the store. That was a very pleasant surprise to find in the shipping box. One other backer's copies were also delivered today to the store. <url>"When we ship the game out to you, you will get an FYI email." - Amber Ying, <url>#9781602 No email received = no shipment? Is anyone out there? Waiting for update... Euro backer, still haven't received anything. I have not received my copies yet and I am a US backer. What is the word? Have you shipped to all US backers yet? If you have I've not received my copy. <url>"Glory To Rome Black Box", but didn't get the "promo cards" and "Plato 3000".. are they in a separate shipment? ***Also, the promo items is not here yet too... Now it's the 'middle of next week' can you tell us, over a month after the delayed Asia shipments were due to ship, if you'll be shipping them with the current agent ASAP or have gotten a new agent? Thanks. Any chance I'll get my copy in time for my birthday (August 14th)? :-) Cambridge Games posted an update on BGG, but it looks like it wasn't cross-posted here. Here's the link: <url>"update almost every day" list: a month ago. The only mailboxes that aren't full are those of backers - that goes for email and standard mail. Kickstarter mailbox is full also Jerimiah's inbox seems to be full. I sent an email about picking up my copy at Origins but it bounced back as not deliverable. I sent another copy of the message to the kickstarter email. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I want to get it shipped to my house instead of at the store. How do I make that happen? I'm leery about the store pick up option because I think there's a real possibility that my copy will end up on the shelf for sale or they're going to expect me to pay for my game at pickup time. Thanks. Matt @ Ramon, according to Update 20, in the Summer (which I think means before September). Unless you're one of the advanced deliver backers. Hello, when can I expect the game? I sent a msg to you. Hope u have received and read it! I'm still not clear on coordinating this with a local game store (free shipping). Is CGF going to be taking care of this? Do they still have the info of the game store I submitted? Will they be contacting the game store to make sure that they are OK to receive it. I don't want to be out of the loop on this and just have it show up and be rejected none the wiser. Hi there, Looks like you're checking here and not messages. I'm moving to London in May, so the store shipping option isn't going to work for me. How do I get this changed? Cheers, Thomas @ Mathieu There are almost always delays beyond the original estimated shipping date, but people aren't always so antsy about it. Is it always like this on kickstarter ? The link is below. 1612 people is a lot so cut these guys a break (NB. Terry Patnode). For lazy ppl: <url>"Pck up at Essen" option? Given that I don't wantto pay for shipping (I live in the UK), I'd now liete "Ship (for free) to local game store option" to be available to me now. Is that possible? Thank you for the update. It's been a week now ... Also curious on timing. An update would be great. Thanks. Any updates? Where is the game? August 22nd to January 2nd? Where is the game? Seeing as I've just received my D-Day Dice microbadge, I thought I'd check how the GtR microbadges are coming along? Any word on the advanced shipping? You are killing me here. 1612 backer and potential life-long customers left hanging and getting agitated because someone couldn't take 10 minutes to get an update out. Poor form. @C. Scott Kippen - That'll work, we'll use that address. Thanks. @Tom - Sorry I missed your question. I've replied in email as well, but yes send me on an email address of a game store you'd like to pick it up from. @Laura - Things are progressing, and we expect the game to show up to you in about mid-January. We'll get an update out soon to help keep everyone updated. Hi again, can you please respond ? Is there a way to get the game plus the promos ? Especially as someonje put the game up for the Jack Vassel fund ? Hello?? Tom Any new news? Last update was almost a month ago. Hi Jeremiah, i fear you oversaw to anwer my question - can you please tell me - as i couldnt pick it up at Essen - will we have to provide a store now or will you send it to our home adresses? Tom I also put in my address in the form as there was no address for BGG.Con. Is that sufficient? The mugs can be purchased from <url>"Brick" do I just select the options I want once per copy? Hmm i finished the questiononaire before that and put the info about the Essen Pickup in the last questio - hope thats okay? And what about Barons can i also get one? in Essen please :) Is there any way to increase your pledge to cover shipping at this point? Hello Ed, on the survey there is this question: "Q3.3) Which International Edition would you like to receive? (Honorary Patron Only)". Will it be one more copy of the game in the additional chosen language, or? Just a heads up, even if you put personal address as your option, it still wants a store's information. i just Dashed it out. You'll need to do the same for the contest ones, even if you didn't win. Rubbing salt in the wound are you? ;) Can we get a (rough!) estimate on when things will ship? I'm moving between continents in the coming months, so it's kind of important for me. :) This user's account has been deleted. I'm having problems completing the survey. Keeps telling me "error Please enter a response for all questions." And the 39 cards in the RUBBLE description is really 57 cards (not 39) right? Thanks! The survey asks me if I want the 57 promotional cards for the I.V Edition as a promo choice. Is this not what I selected with my RUBBLE level??? Ed, thanks for an amazing project, can't wait to have it in my hands! Just a quick question about the survey (I'm new to this): What do we put for shipping details if we're going to pick the game up at Essen? Thanks! So many people to thank for this! Congrats CGF on a very successful project. I hope future endeavours prove to be as successful. Look forward to playing this beauty! Congratulations CGF! Can't wait to get this in my hands and play it for the first time! 25 minutes to go, almost 73k$. Congratulations CGF ! Hi, will you bring Barons to Essen ? If so is there a way to preorder it? It seems quite rare and i would loveto get my hands on it. Tom I had the uncomfortable conversation with my FLGS about my support of this project and asking them in advance if it would be OK to have the finished game shipped to them. After the look of 'why didn't you order this through us?' and the conversation about it not being available through their game distributor, they agreed because I am a good customer, 'as long as there is no liability for us'. So I have to ask the obvious question - what's in it for the game store to accept our order? Please excuse me if I didn't see the answer in my quick scan of the updates and other comments. They look like standard card size, 63.5 x 88. Do we know yet what size the cards will be? I'd like to have sleeves prepared for when this arrives. :-) Wow!! Congrats guys =D!! The highest funded boardgame/cardgame/videogame ever! We've smashed past the $64,965 mark!! Woooooo!!! 3 days to go. Will be wonderful if we smash past 75000! XD When will these start shipping? $2.000 away from being the most funded project game to date! My bet is that we'll reach 66.000 before the time limit. I just received a new card game from Small Box Games, and the cards are the best I have seen in the hobby. Ed, would you take a look at their card manufacturer and consider it for GTR-KS? Also, my preference would be that the card dimensions match a standard Ultra Pro hologram sleeve. These cards will get a lot of mileage because of the pride the owners will take in the product. Investing in top quality production will pay dividends long term. Congratulations to Ed for a grand slam home run here. And to KS for allowing little guys to be venture capitalists. Why do I have a nagging suspicion that we might see more CGF games funded via Kickstarter in the future? :P Congrats Ed! Pretty amazing. Already 1000 past the 60k limit! Come on guys, let's make this the most successful game project ever! :) I really like the idea of the portable box! Your progress is amazing! The folks at the "Far West" RPG Kickstarter project have done exceptionally well and are claiming that their progress is a record for an RPG project - is your progress a record for a board/card game? I've haven't seen one go this high in the past, though I may not have seen them all. $60,094.00 Pretty impressive. What a bunch of superficial snobs we all are, as we had to wait for a "deluxe" version of the game before throwing our money at CGF. =) Wonder if, with 5 days to go, what is the likelihood of yet another tier? Only $853 to get to the next reward level! I'm in and I've got wood! @Todd: In the FAQ at the bottom of the Project Home page there is a section saying that the backers will be receiving an email once the project funding is complete. I just sent my pledge! There didn't seem to be any way to post an address for free shipping to a game store anywhere in the world. How will that be done? @Jacelyn: I'm a wood level pledge. No advance shipping for me. Of course we will, there's no doubt. :) Sweepstakes!! Wondering if we'll hit 60k... @Brendan: Did you pledge extra for advanced shipping? That would also determine when the game might arrive. With funding just 8 short days away is there any idea when the game might ship? Well this is just very, very lovely. I was wood backer #1000. Makes me smile, congrats guys! Thanks for the quick reply Ed - much aappreciated! Thrilled to see how well this kickstarter project is going. Best of luck to you guys in the future - can't wait for a similar update to Barons (but leave Zombie in my Pocket as it is ;) ) This is a bit confusing to me. I just pledged $35 today, August 12th, which puts me into the "after August 9th" groupe of backers. As I understand, this enables me to choose three of the six bonuses, right? Does that mean that I can get ALL of the promotional cards (promotional items 3 and 4) AND the "travel" version of the player camp (promotional item 6), or do I have to pledge more to get all of this? Also, when do I get to choose the promotional items? Thanks in advance. Best regards Morten I just want to say... That was the best product video I've ever seen on Kickstarter. If I hadn't already donated, I would have right now, just for that. Dude should be in commercials. Next? Wow... I can't believe this game has over 1,000 backers and $48K with 10 days left. Pledged total sitting at $48,250.00 ... Not long now! Congrats on making Kickstarter history. Well you were my first Kickstarter pledge... Why? Because I played your game for the first time last night and then I saw the backers at 999... I had to grab the 1000 slot :) Great game, great challenges, great rewards... This is how Kickstarter should work! Hey Ed, do you know what dimensions the cards will be yet? I'd like to be sure I've got enough sleeves to protect them from day 1 :) I always thought of Glory to Rome and enjoyed the cartoon art a bit. This art just looks so classic and designer and such....that the second day or so it was announced I had to have it. The game's reputation is high so it was a no brainer. Keep up the good work. So, so excited. I'd been putting this one off because of the art. Ed, just curious - how high did you expect this kickstarter to go? And how quickly? Michael: Check Update #4. There are 4 promotional items: badge with pin, badge without pin, promotional cards for black box edition and mini expansion for current version (= Rubble pledge). You can choose three of those because you pledge so early... (and there is no need to change your pledge from wood to anything else to get those three promotional items.) Normally, the way most Kickstarters work, you get the rewards at your level and below. So if you pledge at Wood, you would also get the rewards for Rubble and Thinker. That's how all the others I have seen work. I'm confused. On August 1st, I made a pledge of $35. Since then, several new incentives have been added. What do I need to do in order to get the rubble expansion? If I select manage my pledge, I cannot choose both rubble and wood.... Please help, -Michael Re: Tom Hoefle In the top right hand there is an icon that says "me". You can click on it and it will give you the infomation you seek, or you can click on the blue button just to the right of these comments to see what you pledged and can change it from there. The min pledge for a copy of the game is $35... to get the t-shirt you have to pledge at the $75 level. All of the different levels are listed in the grey area to the right. where can I see when exactly i pledged - as i want to get all promo cards and maybe the t-shirt ( if its avaibale in 4XL :) ) how much do i have to pledge? ( for a firsttime kickstarter its kinda hard to get all this info ) We should start a betting pool or speculative market based on how high this project will be pledged. Very sad that I couldn't qualify for the August 3 stuff since I was busy at WBC, but glad I could sneak in while it's still August 8. This might seem like a really dumb question, but I'm new to KickStarter, and I scoured the BGG "Black Box" forum and couldn't find an answer. How do I change [i.e. upgrade] my pledge to a higher level? Do I re-pledge the new higher amount, or the difference [e.g. cumulative pledge]? If I live in the UK but want to pick up my copy and promo bonuses from Essen, do I pledge $35 for the Wood or do I have to pay the extra $5 as it's not shipping to a store? Are you guys planning to remake Barons in a similar fashion? I fell in love with Barons, but I can't seem to find a new copy. Also the artwork on the Rome Black box is very sweet. I wish I found out about this before (/sad panda can't get rewarded for the $40k mark). Did this hit $40,000 on August 7 or 8 EST? Check the "Backers" tab and see what day it records your backing as occuring on. Woohoo! $40,001!! How do I know if my pledge was before midnight EST on August 3rd? I know I pledged on that date, but I am in Romania and I am not sure if I qualify... OK. No I have a problem. I am a WOOD Backer, but I also would like the rubble awards. The system doesn't allow you to pledge at 2 levels. Any chance of a WOOD+RUBBLE tier? and have any of these cards been playtested? and by expansion cards I mean exclusive promo cards.. Can someone explain the rubble tier in a little more depth?...will the merchant bonus cards and republic buildings be in the black box edition? and are the expansion cards artwork similar to the I.V. edition as well? I second Indru Daniel's comment about the insert design. How about custom sleeves like Ascension? Absolutely amazing, good looking version of a great game. You have really shown how to fund using kickstarter! Can the foreign language edition on offer to Marble be in Latin? If you are looking for another neat give away for a new donor level, may I suggest uncut sheets? I'm very happy that CGF has responded to the fans and pushed through a graphics update...this was a long time coming. Sad to say, but I am one of those who was put off the game because of the graphics. Even though the game mechanics look great, I wouldn't be able to find friends to play with me because of the kiddy looks alone.. I had to back this the moment I saw the new art direction. What stunning design. Congrats to the graphic designer for creating such beautiful illustrations. I would love to get a Glory to Rome poster with new art, but 175$ is too much for me. Are there any other chance to get it? OK, I'm in. This really is the way to go for game project funding, especially for established game special editions where we know what we are getting. How about a "Glory to Rome" Kickstarter card? Smething that gives you a boost. With a donky kicking on it...? Very impressive guys! Yep, same here, promo cards pushed me over the edge. I had planned on waiting to purchase from ThoughtHammer.com (no local game stores) but since I can now get promo cards that I can evenually throw into the mix like an expansion to the game... I backed it. The promise of promo cards pushed me over the edge! I always liked the game and meant to pick it up eventually. The new styling, promo cards, and supporting the design effort made this the right time to buy. will you be including the recent 6 untested buildings from that BGG forum thread? i'm obviously interested because my DOMUS (brown, when built: you may take a patron action) was an admired design! ;-) Impressive, the goal has been reached after what, about a day? Congratulations are indeed in order :-) Congratulations !!! Please make sure that the new insert also accommodates sleeved cards, as some of us like to sleeve EVERYTHING, no matter how good the card quality is. :) Goooooooooooooooooooooood!!! ^^ Pledged $35 with "ship to gamestore" option. Anyone know which Paris gamestores would receive this? I admit this was my first time with Kickstarter. I wish they would have just added shipping into the cost. If you want it shipped to you add $5 to your pledge. If you go back to add it, increase your pledge by $5, don't just make another $5 pledge because it will change your overall pledge to just $5. You can do this under the Manage Your Pledge button. Even though "Free shipping to any game store (anywhere in the world!) sounds exciting, there is no game store close to me. So, I added $5 to my pledge ($40 for Wood Level) to get the game shipped to my regular address. I'm assuming that's a correct assumption? I've never seen a "ship to a game store" option before. :o) I need this. I did indeed put my money where my mouth is! What the "Rome demands BEAUTY!" T-Shirt, Limited Edition Enamel Pin" will look like? Will we see a preview before the pledge time is up? Any change that you'll get rid if the incorrect Middle Ages spelling "Coliseum" and use the original "Colosseum"? Very excited about this, pledged instantly. Might be a good idea to throw some of the pictures of the new design I saw on BGG here on the kickstarter page -- the more pictures the better. It looks great! Always meant to, but never picked up the original. I like this versions art better though, so I'm in for one :). I honestly didn't mind the original art and style, so if this never came to, I wouldn't mind. However, I do like the changes and perks, so why not? Great stuff! I have I.V. and can't wait for the upgrade. When you get art for the poster and T-shirt please post. Awesome! I already have the reprint, but I'm totally up for the art restyle!