Not sure why my order is stuck in Canada since June 8, and cleared customs there, while I live in Dubai, UAE. info please. Thanks. Why I haven't got mine yet? Got mine here in Canada today. Can't wait to play this weekend! Mine arrived yesterday in the UK, seriously can't wait to play it! :D Got mine, looks great! Can't wait to play this weekend! Tuck box open! I grabbed a screwdriver, shoved it in the butt, pushed up to the mouth.. and pushed it open.... gently Got my cards today, really excited to play! Thanks for the great work guys! Can't... open... 8-bit.... tuckbox.... How excting! Received my deck today . Can't wait to play Cards are not here yet. Any news on shipping? Any word Are you shipping already??? Shipping? Awesome!! Can't wait :D So is the game still coming out? No updates since January. Soooo April? Love the update, and thanks for the good news. Still on schedule for March? Updates? My pleasure, and looking forward to the update! I can't wait to embarrass myself with this game. Any word on production? I haven't received anything for the Backerkit thing. Has anyone else? Yay! Wow, what a buzzer beater! Great end to a great campaign, congrats to Grant and to all of us for being the first wave of people to play and get the word out on a game that will take over CAH's dusty, **** laden mantle! Booyah! and someone joins the fray! w00t! 13,000 stretch goal completed! so close to that 13,000 stretch goal...so close <email> Looking forward to leaving stuff. The top pledger on humble bundle led me here! This game looks so fun! Glad I made it in before the cut. Just saw this on BWL, Holy crap this game is going to be fun! Glad I didn't miss this one. if the stretch goals aren't met, will the spite cards be available as an add-on? Congrats! Funded!!!!! Saw the link to this KS in Humble Bundle top contributors. Looks fun! I can see the finish line. Saw these guys at PAX and had a blast. Great game that I look forward to drunkenly playing with my friends! After PAX Prime, these guys gave me and my friends their entire booth. The blue bench is my loot. Hell yeah I'm backing this! Good luck at PAX Prime! Played it last night at the bar. Everybody joined in. Tons of fun. Good luck guys! #atrollbeingatroll The top contributor of the humble bundle led me here. Glad I found it Congrats on being the first project I've pledged towards. Hope you reach your goal; it's going strong so far. I've been looking forward to this Kickstarter since I first heard about the game. Good luck! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.