Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. After all this time, I believe an explaination of where the money went and why we aren't seeing final and maybe release what you do have. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. any news? This user's account has been deleted. I still want my money. Hi! I want my money back. 2 year Dev. This is ridiculous, it has been 3 years without an update. A refund will never happen, hope you enjoy the money **** bags. This user's account has been deleted. I reported the project as someone else mentioned since there is no communication from the creator. To dungeons deep and caverns old We must away ere break of day To find our long-forgotten gold. Is there still anyone here? No update for a loooooooong while... Right whats happened to this one? last update was mid last year WTF Far over, the misty mountains cold Is this still a thing? If by any chance you guys are having trouble with development may I suggest that you see the Sydney or Canberra AIE establishments or Universities? And work out a deal with them and give students a chance to work on a game intended for the market? Either that or apply for a small business Government Grant? Welp.... Did you die? kickstarter said they contacted the creator and spoke to them. but i don't know that that makes me sure anything is going on unless they can take 5 seconds out of their day just to say. "we are still working on it." Alright, this is getting ridiculous. Hey, to the 198 backers that have backed this and occasionally check here, I recommend doing a "Report this to Kickstarter" and select "Post-fund Communcations", or whatever the last one is. So sad coming to this site, looks like things might be dead now. I had really hoped this game would get finished. I just cant imagine supporting another game on kickstarter after this rather epic failure. I still have a slimmer of hope but realistically I believe otherwise. Maybe an update to let everyone know its over? ...Okay, this has been going on too long without an update. I think I am on the verge of asking for a refund. There has been no progress within the past couple of years. :/ Even though I haven't been involved in the project since the Kickstarter, I would still love to see them finish it. The game was still a lot of fun. For the record, I have offered them the background assets that I had already done for them. I don't know if they'll take the offer or not, but I hope that they try to show something off in an update sooner than later. ...and we are now at March. Wheee! 1 year mark. Thanks. I expect it will be worth the wait. Its November 22nd .How about an actual update?. Fair enough about issues outside this project but this project is well delayed and people are getting itchy feet. Hey, guys? Been quite a while! I am starting to get the feeling, too. :/ Welp, I understand the fact that things happen and situations change but it's approaching a year anniversary since the kickstarter started, even just a trailer to show of some of the art changes would be cool at this poinr but it's feeling more and more like a vaporware product. Ahh, I was just about to pop in to comment, too. Alright, gotcha. @RedKnightGames - You guys were doing good on updates for a while there, but it's been two months since the last one... Hope to hear something soon! Appreciate the team being in touch more lately. Digging the behind the scenes art / creation approach :D Well, the March update mentioned about the art director and environment art contractor. But... besides that, I am curious, myself. Whats actually the delay with this?. The goal was reasonably small, delivery due feb 2014. Its June (tomorrow) and there hasn't been an update since Feb 18th Can us backers get some form of approximate delivery date, or at the least a monthly report on whats happening?. REALLY PEOPLE? Not to sound like a jerk, but ANY sort of an update would be welcome right now, even if it is just an explanation of why we haven't gotten a update in a while, haha. I realize you're all probably working hard on this game, but communication is still very much appreciated :) I would like to know a likely release date as to when the game might be done. Also a bi weekly update would be appreciated. Some pictures and videos or something to show us backers what you have done and improved, as well as before and after pictures or before and after comparisons of all that has been done to this point and possible schedule breakdown of how you plan to proceed and how much longer you have. Any updates? curious about a UPDATE guys. Would love to be playing. Hey guys, any update coming soon? Congratulations guys! Congratulations, guys. z_z/ *thuds to sleep* Gotta disagree with the last sentiment. I highly anticipate a Wii U release, and hope the developers look into Paypal funding to reach that goal! This game looks like a Nintendo dream come true :D I think you should have re-arranged the stretch goals for better success. For example, the Bonus Stages should have been the 16 000 tier since nobody really care about the Wii U. Glad to be on board for a digital copy guys. Glad to help an Aussie project too. Congrats on reaching goal! Could I get the SNES controller as an add-on? If so, how much? Hey guys is there any possible way to get the snes controller in a higher tier? I originally was going to do face in the game but changed my reward to all physical (without lowering pledge amount ) after seeing you guys said it was only for physical. ..HOLY HELL, that is one hell of a jump. I was stopping by to check up on this for the night and I suddenly see ($10k) and I was like 'HOLY HELL'. So yeah, congratulations on making it. We have 8 more days to see how far we will get in the campaign. However, we are at least now funded. thats awsome! 1 person took the custom hero skin 3 thousand in one night how!!? omfg we did it nevermind aboutthat last guy he wont' take a random request... but he might take a business inquiry: BUSINESS INQUIRIES: Genna Bain // genna[at]cynicalbrit.com Tried ENB, VaatiVidya and Rurikhan, might push this past total biscuit since there's an open demo Youtube Channels that might be worth contacting <url>’ll come back with some. It’s nice to hear rock paper shotgun has got a hold of this game and gaming blend. Have you guys been talking to gaming media? I’m sure there’s plat former specialised games media that would cover this. I'll put This campain in the Angry Joe kickstarter forums and spread the word a bit. Hey. I like how this game looks. Sorry I don't have too much to give and I'm also not much of a PC gamer. If this ever made it to the 3DS, I would buy it without a second thought! This is gonna cut it close, I'm gonna try and signal boost this a bit. Greetings from canberra red knight I answered where you asked nearly 24 hours ago, but no response from you. It seems that you do not want the conversation you proposed.. I'm very disappointed with the last update. Not well designed stretch goals, and unrealistic amounts. At the speed that this campaing is going, they will be unreachable. 15K for soundtrack? Achivements for an extra 5K?? Double objective funding for only reaching more tracks and achivements, is by far uninteresting. Extra levels and bosses are good effords, but too far away. come on... Looking forward to this awesome game, I love side scrollers! Hey guys. It is good to see that the campaign is making progress so far. Granted, 17 days left and it's almost half-way funded. I will admit, I feel like part of the campaign may suffer from the music. There's something to it that... lacks a zest to really capture the attention of a player. Probably redoing some of the songs with more zest to it may add something to the feel of the game. I backed this because the graphics are awesome! The game is also scrolling really smoother. However, I don't particularly like some of the gameplay mechanics. Some of them are not intuitive, especially when swinging. If you ask me, when you're swinging, just release the swinging button to let go instead of using another button. And it takes a lot of time to turn around when in air. It's like taking too much momentum. Also, I would suggest display boxes to disappear after hitting a button, instead of closing after a short time. I wasn't able to read the most of them. There were some other aspect I didn't particularly like, but I guess the demo is in too early state. Good luck with the project! oh.. :_( but hey! the exclusivity has its price! :P what a piece of artwork this poster! excellent update, but one question @Red Knight, please. Will this poster be available through an add-on? There are several 100$ tiers, so if you're in one that is not the "adventure knight poster"...will you have the chance to get it anyway? And nearly 50%..great! I hope PS4 controllers will work out as well. I use mine for PC gaming as well and Windows 7 seems to detect it right out of the box as a standard USB game pad. The demo is awesome! :D @red knight games programmer, Great stuff, I love hearing back from the programmers as I get the best info on what is going on. Great work guys. wow! awesome new update! that amazing Megadrive box + that snes usb controller! you convinced me to jump to a higer tier! sorry for the triple post just found the bug report email address sorry for that. sending now. Also I i am aware that this game is in the very early stages. So I don't want to sound like a dick . But this was definitly worth my 95$. Hey Red Knight Games, Ultimoore from Rootgamer.com. I just tried the Demo runs great and a even better concept and I as a Linux gamer thank you for thinking of Linux as a platform to bring this game to.but I have a note on pachaging and some questions on gameplay from the demo. Packaging: Note that 90% of pc users use zip files. That is fine and dandy but on Linux you should package the game as a tar.bz2 for ease on all linux distrobutions. Gameplay: note about my setup. I am becoming a livingroom PC gamer and have gamepads to support this filthy habit (Its wonderful). I am using a Logitech F710 wireless gamepad (x4) and anyone who had used the F710 knows there is a switch ontop that allows 2 settings. 1. "D" = Direct Input (so the game reads the gamepad as a plain usb gamepad). 2. "X" = Xbox controller (I think you can figure that out). - Will players be able in the future to set the bindings for both USB and Xbox controllers? As I noticed a massive difference between USB gamepad settings and Xbox gamepad settings. -My res for my TV is 1920 x 1080 when I tried fullscreen the window expanded but the game did not. The Art looks Fantastic, The sound and music is great . This game does much more then give a feeling of nostalga , I really feels like I went back in time an I am that little kid again playing a great plaformer. This will be a great game for Steam Machines (wink) and Steam OS / Linux. Keep it up. TimeZONE, not timeline. Woops. Small note: it is a good idea to engage the audience, as it'll raise the interest and activity. Otherwise, prospective pledgers may lose interest. Mind, I know that you may have some serious timeline differences, but every bit helps! Yeehaawww This game looks like a interesting idea! I think this would greatly fit the ps vita. You should contact sonys indie dept! To begin with, I'm at the lower tier. Let's see what this game has to offer in the upcomming updates. and oh! I'm in for the Wii U port too! Let's hope you consider it! Interesting pixel-art game! It reminds me a lot of the old Actraiser snes game with the Bionic Commando hook. Thanks for bringing such great games on Linux! :) Oh man! I love good platformers and this one looks just amazing! First of all this game looks really interesting and seems to have a lot of potential and I really hope you guys get a lot of support for your Kickstarter. Secondly, I'm just hoping that you would aim even higher. This game would be awesome to port to various consoles, perhaps on Nintendo or the more indie friendly next gen consoles (maybe even OUYA). The Megadrive/Genesis box was a real tease, reminding me of PierSolar by WaterMelon, and if you don't have the know-how yourselves to make ports of the game a reality I guess you wouldn't have much trouble finding someone who could help you with this - all funded by the campaign of course. The gameplay feel seems like a 16-bit version of Shovel Knight, with gameplay elements of Bionic Commando/Hook Champ and Run Saber. If you're able I think you should consider revising your stretch goals and maybe look up options and costs of adding console ports to your Kickstarter. It would probably get more attention in the gaming community and reach out to a broader audience. Just an idea. Once again, I wish you the best of luck with your Kickstarter.