Same problem here, I'll send you an email. Thanks for your work. Hi Guys, Still no sign of my key, are they being released in batches? Frustrating knowing the game is launched and I can't play! Thanks John Hi guys, Received my retail key (awesome) but when I activated it on Steam, it has activated as a Beta key -- ?? Should I give it another day or so and try again ?? I'm in the UK, so it's not midnight in the States yet I don't think, Thanks guys, Rob Are you guys still planning on eventually building the giant world you talked about early on (Adventure Mode), or are you stopping here with the Skirmish-type stuff? Also, we will be receiving access through steam, correct? I can't remember if you specified that in the updates. Curious about getting access to. Steam says it's released 28th of October, has the release date been pushed back? When will the eligible backers get a key for the game? Day of release? Guys, any chance of seeing an iOS port coming along at some point? Hey guys, I never got any beta keys? I was supposed to get two and never received them.. Nevermind, just found the update saying we'll get them through steam. Got home from travelling to find the penstick waiting for me. Noticed the game and soundtrack are not on it. Don't know if I missed an update or anything, but are we still getting a copy of the soundtrack? Got my Captains Log Notebook today. Looks A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Only problem is that my wife wants to steal it and make it her own Super bummed- my computer epic crashed last week and I didn't get it up and running until this morning. Hope everyone else had fun in the closed betas though :( Recieved my poster today...its pretty awesome! No, no. You guys are awesome! I would like to pay via paypal. Keep up the great work. Got the captain's log. Love the sketch by Eugene Chu. Cheers guys. I would also like to pay the $10 postage if it's possible. Got my T-shirt! I love it! Nevermind. For some reason I thought the weekends were consecutive. Has anyone received their codes for beta weekend 3 yet? Never got a code, Disregard previous comment. I got it. :) I think I'm a bit daft. Where do I actually download the game from? Alas I was given my code the same weekend GW2 had its first open beta event. Any update on the steam codes? any update on te steam codes? Still waiting for steam code :< thanks for the update I was wondering. and I did get the same email for this weekend too, but no steam code yet I haven't received my steam code too I have gotten the email for the beta test this weekend and i still did not recive my steam code Nice to see GOI Online on Steam's upcoming list! Looking forward to testing it. How are the rewards coming along? I was checking earlier, thinking it's about time we got the next update! Let's just say I fell asleep, and the update came right after =P. Is beta up yet signed up to kickstarter just for this ! Oh sorry for double posting, but just wanted to add that choosing to work with steam is one great choice. I bet you guys won't regret this decision! Heh, it's considered one of the worst periods of time for a gamer - Awaiting the release of the game! I would say "Haste makes waste", but goddamnit where's our game! Haha! Just kidding (Not kidding about wanting our game though). fair enough. cant wait to get my hands on it and play with my friends, even if itll be on US servers :) any update on beta progress? @Muse Games Great. Looking forward to streaming it then when things get moving! Will there be any NDA? hows things moving along? do i need steam to play the beta When will beta begin? Congratulations! We knew it would exceed the pledged amount, but seriously so much more than expected! Can't wait for the game, really! Congrats guys. Looking forward to the beta. Congrats guys! Trying hard to patiently wait for the beta :-) Congratulations guys. I can't wait to play this with my friends. Congrats! I hope that choosing the 10$ level and paying 20$ will give me two keys... Hey simultaneous funding to GoIO and the Order of the Stick Reprint Drive ! My Bank account won't like it :-) Success! 300% funded! I played Guns of Icarus when you first put it out on steam ages ago, and this looks 1000% better! I am pumped for this! Congrats guys, now make this game so I can play it for hours and hours :D Congrats on your funding, you guys did awesome! I was pretty tempted to grab that bullet-shaped USB drive, you should definitely have these ready to sell at any conventions you go to, I would buy one in a heartbeat :D Mike you should try making a separate kick starter for your wife then you will be able to get it twice Hi, Really looking forward to this game. I had wanted the $20 pledge for 2 games for me and my wife, but it's sold out. I pledged $10, and thought maybe I could do it twice. But that doesn't seem possible. If I add $10 to my pledge can I get a 2nd digital copy. Thanks Dang, I wanted to be the thousandth backer. Ah well, I guess I will have to make due with 1,005. Thanks Muse Games, it looks fantastic! I enjoyed the original and am excited for this one. Out of curiosity, is the game going to be all group content or will there be solo content for when you can't get a group together? Sure, I'll be happy to let you know how it performs. It might not be very representative of the same hardware on Windows though, since I'll be going through WINE. Sometimes it's a little faster, often it's somewhat slower - kind of a crap shoot. Is it posible to get the T-shirt for the captain and crew pack? or that would involve to give 4 shirts or 4 posters to each member? 4 copies for LAN gaming nights! Thanks for putting up that option. Is character gender tied to class, or is it part of character customization? (I'd prefer the latter, if it's still up in the air.. uh, no pun intended) Just pledged $20 and I'm reasonably sure I won't even be able to run it - that's how cool this looks. I've got a double-whammy working against me - the computer I spend most of my time on is a pretty powerful laptop, but it only has Intel integrated graphics, and I run Linux so I'd have to run it in WINE anyway. So the more settings you can give me to dial down the graphics the better I'll like it. ;) Still feel very good about supporting work of this type and quality. If all else fails and I can't get it running I'm sure I'll have friends interested in a donated copy. Sorry slightly confused, what is different between this release and the may 2010 one? could of been mentioned before but im slightly confused. Is this Guns of Icarus 2 ? If not then I am very confused because as previously stated there is already a GOI listed on steam for a mear £3.49! Hello, I have to say that I fell in love with what you guys are doing as soon as I chanced by it while browsing the video game projects. This is exactly what I've always wanted to see done in a game! I only learned about previous games in this style after looking into this some more and I regret not having had a chance to play them online. Quick questions for the development crew: This will be a retail game, correct? As in a one time purchase sort of thing? If so, what kind of price are you aiming for? I can see this easily going for $20~30 on steam but I'd like to know what you guys were planning in that regard (I have some friends who are interested in pledging but for one reason or another cannot use Amazon and so would have to wait for the release.) How will the online be handled? Will this be dedicated server based or peer to peer? Will you guys aim for hubs or will the gameplay completely take place in the skies during battles? How many players/player controlled/airships are you guys aiming for per server/instance/area? Will there be massive battles or will they be more controlled and focused bouts? Also, I don't know if it's been suggested yet or not but I think you guys should try doing an "IAMA" over on Reddit. Reddit always love learning about indie developers, their experiences, and their work. I know there are thousands of people there who would love to play a game like this. It would be great publicity for your studio and your project. Give it a shot. :) quick question~ will we have to pay extra for international shipping? I apologize if this is a stupid question but is it possible to add more FIRST MATE packages? I kind of want to get this game for one of my friends as well. Keep up the good work and love how the game is looking so far! How many can you have in your crew on the airship at once? Two questions: Will you be at PAX? What kind of subscription model will you be using? Oh, the things I'd do to get the FIRST MATE reward... Will there be a galley on board to heal after fights? You got my 40$ looking forward to the game. My friends and I want to own the Skies! Hey, hoping to see a nice end spike in the last days :-). And I hope the games that are quite visible, being on the front page etc. (like GoIO) are going to get a little bump from new people who came to the Kickstarter train with the Double Fine Adventure game incredible pledge (more thant 25 000 backers in less than 24 hours) :-) @Howard Thank you for the super quick reply! Looking forward to accidentally falling off a flying boat in the near future. Just wanted to say that this is the first KickStarter project to which I've pledged some of my scarce funds. You guys obviously have lots of talent and a great idea on your hands. Looking forward to getting in-game myself. Good luck, folks! Are the exclusive costumes different per pledge tiers, or are they all dedicated 'kickstarter' exclusives of one style? Also, will they be available to non-backers in the future? Just curious. :o Selkcip was the 500th backer! I'm sure somewhere that is quite a prestigious honor. :3 Hi! My pledge didn't include a soundtrack. Is there any way to add/purchase it separately? Looking forward to the game! :) Ps. this is much more cool Steampunk airships I wish i had more money to pledge to you guys. I dont even care about the rewards. This is a game i have been waiting for since i have seen the Star wars galaxies space combat. Same as this but just in space. Woohoo! I'm sure this'll be as good as the hype! :D Can't wait for Beta. :3 (Been watching pledge count get closer to 20k... It's better then TV! @_ @) This game is going to be fun, i hope you guys do a great job and im looking forward to do some beta testing to help this be one of the recognized online games in a see of online games, :D :D :D Can't wait for the Beta :D!!!!!!! When is the beta soposed to come out? Hey Muse Games :) I have to say the game looks FANTASTIC!!! I pledged $20, and I want to wish you good luck. Looking forward the game, Barel from Israel :) Why have I not commented yet? This looks amazing. I backed this on first sight. Looking forward to the beta! I happen to have two more questions for you. The first one concerns international orders, ie. how you are going to handle them and do we need to pay extra for the shipping costs? Second and I know you're busy, how's progress going on the rest of the goodies? Can you give a ballpark estimate as to when we'll get to see how they look? yay i have birthday in march. i may have to think about donate 40¤ sorry but when do the beta release @cross Agreed... I can't wait. If I visit this page any more then I might start pledging more than i can afford. Wow this looks amazing! Just pledged the captain and crew as me and my friends would are all really excited about this :D Hey, quick question: I'm currently signed on at $25, but I have a few friends that I'd like to get copies for. Is there a possibility of tacking on an extra $10 to get additional copies? I'd go with the Captain and Crew option if I wasn't so selfishly wanting one of those posters ;P Congratulations again guys! Be proud of the awesome work you've put into this game so far! This could be the next big title, Indie or not. I await March in utmost anticipation! Congratulations on achieving your backing. Look forward to seeing the result. Keep up the hard work guys and I'm sure this will be a hit! @Jeremy Loscheider Me and my friend play the steam Guns of Icarus, TheTraveler is my username, add me if you want :) Great! I look forward to following your updates from there, and I'll be sure to point a few people your way :) ALMOST THERE! *Falls over in excitement* I bought the Steam version last year and was playing the other day for some stress relief, and thinking it was such a shame I could never seem to find other players online because I could really use some help on the ship against these confounding air pirates. Lo and behold ... I wish all at Muse games absolute success. The story is awesome, the gameplay fierce and intense, and even the 2010 version looks great. Any word on specs? I doubt the new version will still run on my old HP. I'm really liking this concept. In for the $40, 4 copy deal, would be an awesome game for me and my friends!. I was wondering, have you guys ever played Air Buccaneers? It was a mod for UT2k4 way back in the day and this game has some vague similarities. Anyway, you guys are definitely making the goal, good luck on your development! This looks awesome! pledged more or less within half an hour of finding out about it, sounds perfect! Trying to persuade a friend I game with to pledge as well but he's notoriously fickle when it comes to these sort of things, luckily enough I pledged for the 2 copies so I do of course have back up plans... :P Looking forward to watching this develop anyway guys, i think hopefully you have the kick starter in the bag and so for the moment i can only wish you good luck! Just found out about the original GoI a few weeks ago, I got it off steam, and now I am totally sold on the airship combat thing. I noticed you guys don't have a moddb.com page. I think it would help the game reach a larger indie friendly audience if you made a page there. Many indie games have their base of operations on moddb, and many gamers, such as myself, regularly check in for updates on projects there. Or if that's not a priority, I could do it for you, with your permission of course. Because this game might just be waiting to fill that multiplayer combat niche that people never knew they craved :) Anyways, good luck! This is THE GAME I've been waiting for in all my life I love both steam- and dieselpunk and airships in special is one of the most epic things in the world I wish you the best of luck! This user's account has been deleted. Hey was just wondering, can you guys post pics of the t-shirts/posters? You guys are more than halfway there and theirs still 42 more days to go! :D If I was a gambling man I would say that Guns of Icarus will make its Kick starter amount :) 2,000 Dollars in two days is allot of money. Muse Games get the word out! Captain and Crew for the win. I'm not sure if we can actually achieve $10k at this point though. Really a great game but looks like the fans aren't rich like myself... Will try to advertise about this too. Do not get VBulletin for your Forum Software - Use this it is 100% free <url>