This user's account has been deleted. Yay, got mine today! Now to find my helmet. What is the recommended psi (in lbs) for the tires please? The front feels a little flat. Just got mine today. Boy is it hard to learn new tricks at my age. What a workout! Great work guys its a joy to ride. Well done guys. Very good project - just wish I had had enough money to buy one? Is there any where one can try it out in London? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Hi received it next monday, I was in holidays, so I just picked up thursday. Cleary it takes time to manage the halfbike but it's fun !! I have the feeling my halfbike is turning on the right, do you have the same behaviour? Thank you Kolelinia for your project ! Woohoo! Just got a shipping notice! Thanks guys, can't wait!!! This user's account has been deleted. Nice! Where are you located Ulrich? Did you get a shipping notice? This user's account has been deleted. Hi, From my experience DHL's shipments always undergo inspection and taxation (and DHL's handling fees are steep!) whereas others' do not. If other carriers are cheaper then we both win. Please let me know if you can use another carrier. Thanks! Hi, It is my (bad) experience that shipping with DHL always incur the highest import taxes and also handling fees compared to other carriers. I've backed numerous projects and found similar comments regarding DHL specifically from fellow backers. Is it possible to use a different carrier? Fedex, UPS and so on? They also offer fast delivery and usually rates are pretty much the same. Disclaimer: I, or anybody in my family do not work for any international carrier :) Great news guys! Which carrier will be used to ship the orders internationally? What will be the declared value? The weather is starting too cool off so I'm excited to get pedaling - any update on shipping? Got my T-Shirt, thanks! I hope you can start the mass production of the half bikes soon :). This is a great project. cheers This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Amazon seem to suspend my account pending verification of my identity. I have submitted the information needed to Amazon but still waiting for their action. In the meantime, is there another way to get the money to you guys? This user's account has been deleted. Congrats guys! :-) I'm glad the campaign was successful!!! There's going to be a lot of celebrating. We're so happy for the whole team. John and Maria YEA!!! Congratulations, Kolelinia! WAY TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! John and Maria This user's account has been deleted. Congrats ;) Amazing, I am truly happy! Congratulations in meeting the goal!!!!! Up 15 from me as well! I've just increased my t-shirt to $40 and now you are only one halfbike away from the goal! Good luck!:) Donated $899 and hopefully this is success, meanwhile, is that Double O a water-proof design? Just send out this question to Paul and waiting for answer as well. Besides, is there more colour choices such as matt black? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'll make sure you guys pledge your sum. Just gave 899 and will have a colleague to do the same. We're almost there! This user's account has been deleted. Upgraded my halfbike pledge with 25$. Hey backers. Let's give this project final push it certainly deserves! I just went up to $1250USD from $950USD . So I increased at least $12. This user's account has been deleted. Not long to go, best of luck and hope you can make it the rest of the way! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. After a lot of consideration, I've upped my pledge! I think this is a great project - the development of new modes of urban transport can only be a good thing - will be very interested in following the development of this project and also seeing the new ideas that are born from the process! Good luck towards reaching the goal! Go Bears! Come on let's do it, almost there! As a retired aeronautical engineer, the elegant simplicity and functional focus of design was immediately apparent to me. I'm honored to be with a $899 pledge and am now going to up it another $100 as my way of encouraging your efforts. I look forward to success!! I really hope that this campaign succeeds. It seems like the project would be just as possible with 95%+/- of it's funding. Frustrating that Kickstarter doesn't have anything in place that would allow for some sort of vote/agreement to be struck between backers and projects owners agreeing to move forward despite not hitting absolutely 100%. Or some way for the project owner to lower their goal amount at the last minute to allow for it to succeed... I'm sure that if those things were in place, someone would find a way to abuse that. But I really don't want this one to fail. How much do you really need to make a bike like this? I would be able to do it for $1000 all in, using scrap metal. I am suspicious that the funds are being misappropriated and would like clarification in this regard. Its always easy to spend someone elses money :) I'm interested. I assume you have all these in mind, but here are my requests: 1. compact, collapsible, carry on a plane, backpack-able 2. optional (swappable) treadmaster instead of pedal and crank 3. granny gear for climbing San Francisco streets 4. rear wheel brakes (not keen on downhill in the wet with a front wheel brake.) 5. rain fenders to suppress tire spray in the wet 6. optional very wide wheels for off-road (ish) especially grass, sand Thinking about folding, while I like it light and rigid, I wonder if a pivot under the steering arm might also allow for folding and suspension with a coil-over shock between the rear fork arms. The steering arm could be a telescopic rod, adjustable for rider height and preference. I think riders will want handlebars to be able to balance and put power into the pedaling. Not to get too far along the design arc, but it looks like a platform suited to an auxiliary electric drive with regenerative braking, etc. Something borrowed from electric skateboards would likely integrate into that rear truck and wheel assembly. Maybe a wider rear track for "novice" riders and a narrower rear for easy street riding and riders wanting different handling? As far as price point goes, for the simple "treadly" design, I'm guessing an entry level model around $199 would bring the (crucial) widespread early adopter population and usage that these alternate-bikes (invariably) fail to achieve. If the real price point is $800 or higher, as suggested by the pledge prices, this will be a hipster gadget for a few geeks, which is fine, but it would be great to see these things stacked up (in their folded, backpack configuration) in the foyers of buildings and under the feet of train commuters, et al, all around the world in their millions. In any case, good luck! Of the two hubs suggested I think I like the idea of the automatic one more. @Lauquin Jean But I've never used a geared hub like these before so I really don't know. Seems like kick shifting would interrupt the pedaling process...am I wrong? Really hoping this campaign succeeds so I can use this as my daily commuter. Though, it may have to compete with my OneWheel for that role. Been seeing all sorts of good press/articles on this, so fingers crossed. Any info on the dimensions of the halfbike? Surprised to see there isn't more conversation going on in here - wonder why over 200 of us are so quiet? Seems like Halfbike should make for a pretty cool community of oddballs. Guess all that matters is that word is continuing to get out - not a whole lot of time left. Any update on either the folding aspect brought up down below or the kick shift hub? @KICKSTARTER - thank you for the info. Can you confirm the cost of the contribution on the basis I pay for my own trip. THANKS. I think $7,000 is too expensive for a weekend away with no equity. But I like the project, thanks. I plan on affixing a stick horse into the grip, and riding around Jackson Hole like a grinning idiot! Hi, I am interested in this project, and even the higher donation of $7,000. Can you please tell me the estimated cost of this bike when it comes to market? For $7,000 is there a share in the business? Thanks. He can get his own plane ticket and stuff. He can have the bike, the expenses go towards my fun though. :) Just did the $1 pledge to comment, I may up it later after I talk to my mom so that we can maybe split it and get my dad one. He likes to run, but his knees are getting bad from the impact, and I think it'd be pretty hilarious seeing him in this self-powered Segway. That and it'd be good for him, and if he liked it I'd see less of him :). And as for the trip, by all expenses paid, does that mean many nights out on the town and lots of money spending is covered? And what about shopping? Probably easier in english : <url>€ Upon further research, it looks like Sturmey is re-using their PDF from the S2C (C for Coaster Brake). The S2 as linked previously does not have this brake. Just to follow up on Lauquins suggestion. What about a Sturmey Archer S2 Duomatic hub. It's 2-speed, freewheel and changes between its gears by pedaling backwards (kick shift). Very simple and available for < 100$. <url>"drag" around when not riding. You guys should think about it~ Would it not be possible to incorporate a hub gear to assist on steeper slopes? Also, just curious as to why you don't have a small T-handle? Just wondering if the height of the handlebar is adjustable at all, or if there is a specific height range/weight the Halfbike is best suited to? Also, as far as exercise - is this more geared for recreation and fun, or could it be used as a sort of cross training piece of equipment? Only ask because "Sunday morning in the park" and "short distances" seem to downplay the workout factor. That said, it is one sweet looking machine! Thanks for clarification :o) Kolelinia seems to be located in Sofia/Bulgaria. Where are the Halfbikes shipped from? I hope you plan to ship the Halfbike from Bulgaria to EU backers and from Tucson, AZ for everybody else. The halfbike doesn't only seems as cool to have but also as a great multi-muslce-groups trainer especially compared to a normal bike. I guess that could be yet another very strong selling point especially for office people stuck on their chairs for 8+ hours. I just wonder how easy and respectively safe it is to ride it up and down a hill and whether you have thought of including a small storage compartment...like for a small shopping bag or a girls handbag? As a backer of both these inspiring projects, I hope I can mount my trigger bell to my halfbike later on this year, when projects are successfully funded and ended. Just wondering if You would like to do kind of transatlantic co-operation and combine a bit those two innovations? Trigger bell would be good addition to halfbike I think. Great project! Hope to be riding one soon Is international shipping included? Is halfbikes for backers in the EU shipped from the US?