Thanks for everyone's feedback. It means a lot that there are still supportive voices out there. The hardware design for the base station and sensor station was outsourced and recently completed. There is one remaining firmware task, which is to migrate from a custom Ethernet stack to the official w5100 libraries. Not an overall huge task, but one remaining to be done. The second task is slightly larger. Although the web interface is mostly functional, there is some existing work to be completed before it can be released, and then ongoing feature additions and improvements. This is a task for a javascript programmer, specifically someone with angular experience would be great. Let me know if you have the skills / interest to help. Cheers! Mike Happy New Years all. The New Year is a time of reflection on the year past and projection for the year future. Reflecting on what I've learned from this project is very difficult for me. This project has become a very sore spot in my life, partly because of how difficult the road has been thus far and how much I believed in it going in. Unfortunately, I had a series of misfortune all around, but upon reflection the main downfall has been lack of team. I quickly burnt myself out and ran through a series of less than reliable partners. Had I planned better or known what I know now, I could have either budgeted the cost of paying skilled professionals to do the work I was incapable of or not moved forward without trustworthy, reliable and skilled individuals who were wholly committed to the project. All I can say at this point is you all have my deepest apologies for still not delivering. That being said, I am still making weekly progress -- albeit rather slowly -- towards our shared vision. At this point it would be infinitely easier just to throw up my hands and throw in the towel, however I've invested too much time and far too much money to get to this point, so I will see it through. I hope you can all trudge on with me in the new year and give me your support. Your kind words and encouragement are extremely motivating. So I look forward to 2015 and hopefully can see this thing through to the end. It has been a crazy journey of ups and downs and isn't quite over yet. If anyone has a (serious) interest in committing to this project and lives on the West Coast, please do reach out to me. May 2015 bring you all love and prosperity. I've received the 500 lcds I ordered from taIran for the base stations. I'm refactoring some of the database tables to better fit the new dashboard model. Ive also received the milled enclosures back and am putting together an assembly document for the manufacturer. Once this is completed I can put in the order for production, at which point I will ask you to all make sure you have your latest shipping address on your harvestgeek profile. Thanks It has been over a month since our last update and I'm sorry for that. HarvestGeek moved from Charlotte to Silicon Beach in Los Angeles CA. My belongings arrived a week late and I still have no date when the Internet will be installed in my apartment. So my updates will be less until that is resolved. Manufacturing has started and we ran into a slight unforseen snag with the LCD manufacturer who is based on Taiwan which is requiring we reroute the units through another country before importing to china for production. The cases and the LCD units are the last pieces were waiting for prior to assembly. The lead time the LCD mfr for those is end of October and will then probably take a couple weeks to be couriered. Mike We have some pictures of the redesigned units for you. We're just waiting on the displays to reach us to make some final measurements for the CNCing of the cases. It has taken a little longer than expected due to delays in the sourcing of a few components. <url>#gardenpics a setup of your garden and we will be sure to retweet you. We look forward to seeing what everybody is working with :) More updates to come next week. Cheers, Mike Hi Everyone, I hope this finds you well. As part of our renewed effort to get back on track, we have started an initiative to provide weekly updates to you. We will also be reaching out and asking for your feedback along the way on a variety of topics. Our first opportunity to do this concerns the display on the Base Station. We're currently looking at two options and your input will help determine which ends up being used. Option 1) Graphic LCD display -- <url>") x 12mm (.47") -- about the size of a large wristwatch. The advantage is, despite its small size it has better support for displaying graphics, with a pixel size half as large as Option 2 and a slightly large pixel count, allowing for greater graphic resolution. Option 2) Character LCD display 20x4 -- <url>") x 25mm(.98") are twice as big on this display, making it easy to get information at a glance while you're tending to your plants. Ok so let's hear your feedback! I'll be happy to answer any questions you have on the above. ----------------------------------------------------------- In other news: Our new team members, Lorenzo and Bing are now official HarvestGeeks. Bing brings a proven software development team to the table, and Lorenzo runs a commercial chili pepper farm. However, their passion for the project has existed from the beginning. Now focused on bringing this through to completion, they were also backers of the project more than a year ago, who then offered their help and services when we were struggling to move forward. That's it for now. Until next week. Mike Posting this update that I wrote March 21 but apparently saved and didn't send. April 18th updates at bottom. -------------------------------------------- I had hoped the web interface would be ready this week. As previously mentioned, I hired a contract development firm, Brightbit ( www.brightbit.com ) to implement the rest of the dashboard. They estimated a 6 week development cycle, which was to end this week. Three and a half weeks ago, I started to become concerned (around the halfway mark) that their progress ( and their billed hours ) were not in line with the deliverable. I started to reach out to them with little success. The work that they had done was largely administrative and what they deemed cleanup work to get started on the project, which is completely understandable that they work in a codebase they are most comfortable in, assuming they make good on the actual deliverable. Long story short, after two weeks of failed communication, I decided to halt any further work in order to prevent them from burning through our already limited funds with more unnecessary changes and no tangible results. I asked for a full refund, to which they denied, finally settling on a partial refund for the hours billed. This is just the latest failure in a string of setbacks encountered on route to getting this actually built. I did see this coming around three weeks ago, so I was able to switch gears and seek out some freelancers on oDesk who I've contracted out smaller portions of the project in hopes to see some more immediate results. Additionally, our new partners (Bing and Lorenzo) have agreed to lend us their development team in the phillipines to jumpstart the process. They should come onboard Monday and hopefully we will see a much faster rate of progress, as we've more or less stalled or false started now for some time. Again my apologizes the news is not better. Mike ----------------------------------------------- April 18th I've had pretty good results through oDesk contracting out small pieces of work to developers while my new partners get onboarded and familiar with the infrastructure and development which is already done. It can be quite overwhelming at first to get up to speed due to the complexity of the backend systems at play. I'm anxious to have them get started on the web interface so we can start providing demos and screenshots for you all to see and provide feedback and hopefully start earning back your trust and support with the progress. More importantly for HarvestGeek, I am anxious to have a fresh set of perspectives and direction and insights into the decision making. Obviously we, I , have stumbled considerably trying to get this off the ground. I look forward to sharing the reigns with two capable individuals who have started and run their own businesses and are passionate about what HarvestGeek is trying to accomplish. In addition to getting them up to speed on the development they are also helping me get the business items in order. On that front we are putting together a spending report to account for what we've done thus far, which we intend to share at least a high level once completed. We're formalizing our business processes, business plan and setting a new timetable and milestones so we can set expectations and re-establish rapport with our stakeholders. We're expanding our hardware testing and integrating it with the web application with sneak-peaks of the dashboard to come. We've set aside Thursdays to focus on HarvestGeek and redeveloping our customer relations including me giving a more concerted effort to responding to stakeholder inquiries. -Mike Just wanted to give a heads up. I received notice that our host machine from Linode is being DDos as of an hour ago. We are working to resolve this. Additionally, we will be providing progress updates by early next week as to our next steps. Thanks, Mike Just a heads up, head over to www.harvestgeek.com/blog to see pictures of our prototypes and a video of our sweet sweet upgraded LCD screen Hi Guys, Sorry for the lack of good communication. The progress is moving along a little slower than I would have liked. I had searched for a good fit for a hardware engineer for the team for a couple months who ended up backing out due to family and other work obligations. It set the hardware development back a good bit, but we are back on track now. I have partnered with an excellent and talented engineer from Switzerland who will be moving the hardware aspect forward from here. We are admittedly a little behind my original schedule, but now I've found a suitable team and I am confident in the individuals we have on board and look forward to hearing your feedback on our progress in the near future. Thanks for your support! Just a quick update to everyone :) As some of you may have noticed we are in the middle of a major upgrade on the website and it has been up and down over the last few days as we migrate to new hardware and service providers. Not to worry, we may continue to experience some outages as we move to a more stable environment to facilitate our development efforts. A lot of progress has been made on the software side of things in preparation for our delivery date. We've also added a new team member Ben Thorson who will be leading up our hardware development efforts and refinement. Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Stay tuned for more info. THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO HAS BACKED OR OTHERWISE SUPPORTED THIS PROJECT! And helped make it a reality. I have been swamped with your comments and E-mails, so I apologize if I haven't gotten back to you yet. I'm working hard to respond to everyone. If you haven't gotten a response yet today, please send me another E-mail reminder. Your questions and comments are important and I want to make sure everyone is heard and responded to. This project is about community and I take all of your inputs very seriously. On Stretch goals: I had originally anticipated offering the $50k stretch goal of WiFi BaseStations. This is not going to be possible at this time, and here is why. I had been planning on using the WiFi chips available at electricimp.com , they are a wonderful piece of hardware. On further research, I'm unwilling to incorporate them in the project due to their restrictive Terms Of Service. The long and short of it is using their WiFi chip relays all your data through their webservice before reaching the internet. This is in no way acceptable to me and I suspect to many of you either. I'm taking suggestions now for alternate stretch goals. Give me a shout out and let me know what you think. Thank you everyone. Important upgrade to AutomationStation We've had a lot of requests to increase the number of outlets in the AutomationStation and we're listening. With the latest changes to the reward structure we're please to announce that we are able to upgrade the AutomationStation to now include control of (4) four outlets each rated for 15a instead of the previous (2) two outlets. This is going to incur some additional testing and validation cycles on our end, but we're up to the task. This applies to all who have already backed, so enjoy your upgrade if you were planning on receiving an AutomationStation. Cheers, Michael Upper tier reward levels have been simplified by popular demand. If you still don't see a reward level that you'd like PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE reach out to me via E-mail, comments, twitter. This does not impact anyone who has already backed. But I'll take another opportunity to thank you all for your continued support :) One Love! All unit reward levels get an additional SensorStation To make our rewards more attractive and provide more value to our backers, we are adding an additional SensorStation to all reward levels over $65. This is extended to anyone who has already backed our project. For example the $65 Early bird kit now comes with One Base and TWO SensorStations. This goes for all the reward levels beyond as well.