Things are not going well. There has been no forward progress on the game, although there has been hard work put in trying to get the project back on track. Michael, a backer and friend and programmer, has been volunteering his time to dig into the code and try and see why no one has been able to get a version of the game to compile that even matches the unfinished state it was in when Jonathan (the original programmer) left. Michael has been unable to get a working version of the game to compile. He reached out directly to Jonathan for help. When Jonathan tried to get the game working from the current code, he also failed. He could not get a version of the game to work either, even using his own computer and expertise. He has not responded to additional requests for aid or insight into solving this very huge problem. I don’t have the technical expertise to understand exactly how that could be. Michael, who does have the technical expertise, is also at a bit of a loss, other than the fact that the shifting code base of the Go programming language combined with either changes in Lua or OpenGL libraries created some crippling incompatibility that Michael can’t track down and which apparently foiled even Jonathan’s attempt to create a working version. With things that screwed up, some sort of more drastic action is called for. I’m still weighing my options, but there have been some parties who’ve expressed an interest in taking a crack at the problem. Or possibly we might take the art assets and design and try and use them in a whole other game engine. Financially I’m way in the hole on this project. I did not take any payment during development and put thousands of my own dollars into the company. I’m still paying for things like taxes and accounting fees out of my own pocket at this point. I also now have started a job, since I can no longer afford to drain my savings to work on Haunts, especially given how far off any kind of income from the projects seems. I have been giving refunds as people request them, and will continue to do so as best as I can afford it. If you want your money back, send me an email through Kickstarter and I can refund you through Paypal. Kickstarter doesn’t process refunds and Amazon Services will require me to send them an email request for each refund since it has been more than 60 days, so Paypal is definitely the fastest way. I’m sorry this has all gone to hell. I still hope for some kind of Haunts something, but there’s no longer an obvious path from here to there. Instead I’m left looking for less obvious paths. I am personally mortified at how things have turned out and I beg your forgiveness. Rick I’ve owed you all an update for a while, but frustratingly there hasn’t been much news to report. We got off to a roaring good start with community involvement in the open source Haunts effort, but we pretty quickly ran into a software roadblock that stymied all our efforts. Resolving has proved quite a challenge. Almost as challenging was actually understanding why we were having so much trouble. As a non-programmer, I could grasp the issue in theory but I didn’t think I could explain it well. So, I asked Michael, who’s an old friend and project backer who has been working on Haunts a lot, to explain it: “Haunts is written in Go, a new and quickly evolving programming language developed at Google to address certain programming challenges that are important to the kind of work they do. There is nothing special in Go that makes it particularly well suited to video games, but on the other hand there is nothing inherent in the language that makes it a bad choice, except for the fact that it's new and not well supported. Anyway, one of the neat features of Go is that it is designed to take advantage of distributed code development and reuse of code developed by other people. It's a slightly hacky feature, IMO, but it works. Basically, there is no master "script" that tells the compiler how all the bits of code relate to each other. Instead, that information is embedded directly in the files themselves. So rather than, for example, specifying a folder that contains your "headers", you actually embed in your program an absolute path to github, google, or some other file-sharing repository, and the Go compiler will find the code and build it into your program. If you want to use OpenGL for rendering graphics, you can search the internet for someone who has already built a version of OpenGL for Go, and put import (" github.com/go-gl/opengl/gl ") directly into your code. Viola! Thus hilarity ensues. Because of course that's not how it really works. Instead, it makes a local copy of that external library. And if you have a local copy, you can edit it. And meanwhile, that person you copied the OpenGL code from? They are also changing their version (fixing bugs, adding features, adding bugs). Therefore there is no guarantee that your version and their version remain compatible: it takes work to maintain compatibility. So when you decide to share development of your project with other people, while "in theory" Go lets you just share the main code, which tells you where to get the imported code, in practice it takes more work than that, because we have to ensure we get the same versions. And that's where Go's feature is kinda hacky. Because it doesn't have a mechanism for doing that. Why does this matter? Well, when the original programmer on Haunts handed off the code to the community for development, the first problem we ran into is that the code seemed to be.... wrong. We know that there is "working" version of the game, albeit buggy and incomplete. However, we can't use the source code that we have to recreate that game. Firstly, the source simply doesn't compile. It has syntax errors, so there is literally no output- nothing to "run". But the community jumped right in, fixed the problems, and got the game to compile. Now it "runs", but it's not really a game at this point. First, it's horribly slow. Second, it crashes as soon as you try to play the actual "game" (as opposed to navigating the startup menus). Now, this is the kind of thing one expects when developing a game (or any program). There is a bug (or several) that can be found and fixed, and get us back to the same point as the "original". But this is the part the community is struggling with: why? We know it once worked. So now we're in a kind of no-mans land of the original programmer not being unable to help during his transition to a new job and a new city, but none of the new volunteers with enough time to jump into the potentially very hairy problem of figuring out what is wrong in a program they didn't write, in a language they probably don't know, and with the problems potentially being in one or more of a dozen "sub-programs" that are developed by yet other people that we have no connection with. Can it be done? Yes. The original programmer has now dug up all the original code his build was using and the community has it. Preliminary inspection reveals potentially significant differences, so we’re hopeful that we can make some real progress in the coming weeks.” And that’s where we’re at. Not what we’d hoped, not even close, but not dead yet. Once we get this conundrum finally solved (which we will), then we’ll put out the call again and try and get things rolling forward at a good speed in the new year. Until then, Happy Holidays! Rick Happy Halloween! Well, not as happy as we had originally planned, but happier than I feared it would be. I want to thank all of you for sticking with us and for all the kindness and support you've offered in the past few weeks. It's been just plain amazing. We're figuring out the whole open source development thing - if you want to pop over and take a look at the project's site, it's here: <url>’re going to finish developing Haunts: The Manse Macabre as an Open Source project. The source code has been open from the beginning, but now we’re going to fully embrace open development model and making the game entirely open source. We’ve had about thirty programmers from a variety of backgrounds, including many proficient in Go, who have stepped forward and offered to help finish the game. We’re still in the process of setting up the infrastructure for issue tracking, source control, documentation wikis, and other tools necessary before we can begin in earnest, but we hope to have that all up and running within the next week or two. Today I sent out a survey to all the interested programmers who’ve contacted me to get a better idea of what people are interested in working on and how much time they’ll have. We’ll be appointing some interim release managers in the short run and then working together to elect those positions. If you’re interested in being included in the survey now, contact me through Kickstarter. But anyone will be able to help out once we get started, we'll need programmers with a variety of skills and interests, testers and more. If you'd like to join the crew, just fill this survey out: <url>’m excited about where it’s going and enthusiastic as hell about the support we’re getting. Art! Austin is finishing up the inking on the caricatures and those should be out to backers this week. Additionally, based on backer S.D.'s excellent suggestion, he's working up some cool Haunts themed wallpaper images for both desktops and mobile devices, which will be out for Halloween. In The News We've gotten a lot of press coverage, most of it in the general vein of, "Look, see, Kickstarter projects can go bad, so be careful!" I think that's a fair and useful point to make. But we're committed to being the follow-up story. You know, the underdog who comes back from the brink of collapse and proves a resounding success! Here's one nice piece I wanted to share with you. <url>’s been a heartwarming 14 hours or so, and I have to start by saying thank you to all the kind and supportive emails and comments I’ve been getting. I had been dreading today for the past week or so, as we worked up the details and I scrambled around to find some silver lining to our dark clouds. Turns out, I should have come to you all sooner in my search for support. Updates Which brings me to the first question I’ve been asked by both backers and media: why are we just hearing about this now? That is the fairest of questions, and I should have addressed it in my post yesterday. You’re only hearing about it now because I was scared to bring you bad news. I kept hoping things would work out, that we would find our way through to launch a beta this month and move forward from there towards release. I wasn’t really certain that wasn’t possible until close to the last minute, when everything failed to come together. I should have been more forthcoming and regular with updates, but not sharing bad news was too easy and too much of a temptation for me. In retrospect, I and you and the game would have been much better served if I’d set up a strictly scheduled, regular update regimen. However we end up moving forward, that will be part of things from now on. Money I mentioned that we’ve spent all the money. That’s not strictly true, but as far as hiring new programmers to work for a regular salary, it is. We actually have a fair amount in the bank, but most of that is about to be sent to the IRS as part of payroll taxes. I also still need to pay for sound and have money set aside for licensing fees for FMOD once the game releases. We met our goal back in the beginning of July, raising $28,000, of which we got to keep about $25K after Kickstarter and Amazon Payments fees. With the addition of Josh in August, our burn rate went to about $1900 per week for salaries for Jonathan, Austin, and Josh. Eleven weeks of that cost a little over $20,000, plus another $1200 or so for printing and shipping t-shirts. Programmers I’ve had a lot of interested emails from programmers offering their help. Thank you all very much! There’s a lot to sift through and I’m not sure what the best way to proceed will be, but I am very encouraged by these offers and want to try and figure out the best way to take advantage of this opportunity. I’ve reached out to a good friend of mine who’s an expert in collaborative open source development, and he and I will talk soon. I also want to discuss this exciting development with Blue Mammoth and get their take on it. Open Source A lot of you have mentioned that we should open source everything if worse comes to worse. In fact, the code is already open, but if we cannot pull together to make this a retail product, we will absolutely fully open source everything, content and code and turn it over to the community. Actually, at some point we’d like to do that no matter what, even after a retail release (however many years later, when it makes fiscal sense). But right now the code is under the same modified BSD license as the Go programming language and the contents are all Creative Commons Attribution Noncommercial Share-Alike. Caricatures Some of you have noticed that the caricatures for the high-level donors are in the game. Other of you have gotten your t-shirts. Austin has been driving hard to finish game content these last weeks, so he hasn’t had time to polish up and package the physical caricatures and the t-shirts for our highest-level donors. He’s on that now, and we should be shipping them out next week. I’m doing an interview with a blogger from Forbes this afternoon, and I’m sure he’ll have some more tough questions for me, so look for that sometime soon. I’ll also be doing a chat with Bill Abner from No High Scores, who has run some successful Kickstarters of his own, so hopefully they will help keep me in line and ask the questions I’m not thinking of. Thanks again. Rick Sorry for the long delay in updates, and special apologies to those who have emailed or commented in the last week and to whom I haven’t yet replied. As I’m sure many of you suspect, things haven’t been going well for Haunts and Mob Rules Games. I am still determined to get the game out, but I no longer have any way of knowing when and how that will happen. The principal cause for our dire condition is that there are no longer any programmers working on the game. Our lead programmer, Jonathan, was always going to move on to something else after a year or so. We had hoped that he would be able to work on the game in his spare time, but now that he’s going back at Google, he has told us that his spare time will be very minimal and not enough to make progress on the game. Our second programmer, Josh, has quit the project entirely to take another job. He does not want to work on the game in his spare time. The game as it stands has all the systems in place, but there are a lot of bugs. Knowing Jonathan would be leaving, the plan had been to get online play working and release the Beta, with Josh working to make the levels run in online play and scripting the AI for the single player versions of those levels. Unfortunately, getting online play working took three times longer than estimated (instead of the twice as long as estimated I’d been counting on). It also required making adjustments to programming for all the levels, even when they’re not being played online. With no one left on the project who is capable of implementing those changes and debugging them during testing, the game is in a very patchwork state. In some cases, levels that once worked fine now have serious issues. Fixing those issues would require fixes both to the level programming and the core system programming, working in tandem. But now it’s just me and Austin. Austin has finished up the art content for the initial release of the game, but he’s not a programmer. I’m not a programmer either. Although I know some small amount about how the level programming works, I’m not capable at this point of fixing the bugs I know about. This is further complicated by the fact that the game is written in the Go programming language, which is not widely used, limiting the pool of potential new programmers. What then, to do? We are not giving up! I am currently in talks with another game company owned by some old friends and coworkers of mine, Blue Mammoth Games. They have expressed an interest in taking on Haunts. Austin and I would continue on in our roles, although we would both be doing so in our spare time. These new potential partners won't be able to make the decision for a few weeks at least and then after that it would be months before anything came out. Still, I think it's out best shot at this point. This has been an emotionally rough couple of months for me, as I’ve invested almost all of my time for the past year or more in Haunts, along with my own money and reputation. It’s been terrible to watch it fail despite best efforts, but the failure is mine. There are scores of decisions I’d make differently if I had to do them over, and there were bets I made knowing the risks that haven’t paid off like we needed them to. I have failed to update because things were constantly going from bad to worse and then we started to see some rays of hope and I was hoping for something more concrete in the good news department. My obligation to all of you generous Kickstarter backers is foremost in my mind and I have not served you as well as I should have. I will turn over my share of any future revenue from the game to whoever manages to get it finished, fun, and out to you. We have spent all the money we raised, but I will personally refund out of my own pocket anyone who wants to withdraw their support, no questions asked. We’re going to make this game, and if you can hang on for what looks to be a long road ahead, we will get it finished, but that’s not what I asked you to sign up for and it’s not what you gave us money for. email me directly through Kickstarter if you would like your pledge refunded. Finally, although I’m very hopeful about the partnership deal I’m pursuing, that deal is not made yet and my friends at Blue Mammoth have said it’s fine if I look for other options. I haven’t found any yet, but now I’m throwing it open to you all. If any of you or someone you know is interested in and capable of taking on Haunts and doing right by it, I’d love to hear from you. I have made an update to the Mob Rules Games web site that has descriptions and images of some of the work we’ve been doing. The attached video that Austin put together shows some of the gameplay from across a variety of different level, so you can see how close we are to finishing the game. All the systems are there, and when it works it’s fun to play. You can see how we spent your money, and that we weren’t just sitting around twiddling our thumbs, even if we have collapsed at the finish line. <url>’re not going to do, and what I was referencing yesterday when I mentioned the single player campaign being pretty much dead, is the massive, inter-woven single-player story we’d been working on where every chapter was connected to every other in decisions you made. It was way too unwieldy and poorly paced, in addition to being overly complicated and seemingly impossible to execute and balance. What we are doing (and what I failed to explain well yesterday) is a series of individual levels that tell the overall story of the house and are discrete from one another. Each level tells a story inspired by an era and a horror movie from that era, and together they tell the story of the house. There are lots of characters in each story, and that is where the cameos will come in. Indeed, since these levels are meant to be replayed against opponents, the cameos will probably get much more screen time with each player than under the old, multi-level spanning story mode. The other big change is that, unlike what we were doing before where the levels were serving a giant, Rube Goldberg Machine plot and suffering for it, each level is designed to be a compelling multiplayer map that plays differently depend on if you’re the Denizens or the Intruders. Each level has some unique mechanic or set-up that matches the story and setting. For example, level four is about the vampire denizen, and centers around the Intruders with limited sight range placing lights that weaken the denizens and the denizens moving very fast in the dark around them. These are not simply multiplayer deathmatch arenas with no plot behind them. The plot came first and we came up with mechanics that were a fun match. Each of these levels will have an AI you can play against as you go through them, for either side. What I was clumsily alluding to yesterday is that the AI will probably not be very competitive after the first couple times you play a level and know some basic strategy for it. So they are rich in theme but designed to be rewarding to replay, especially against a living (or intelligently undead) opponent. I hope that clears up a lot of the very valid concerns supporters expressed yesterday. But there is more! We heard you and we are not giving up on expanding on more story-focused single player levels.The game I described above will release to Kickstarter supporters as soon as its ready - by Halloween is the plan. Work on Haunts will not cease with that release! We will press forward with more story-centric, single-player content. Monday’s announcement and the wave of feedback we received got me thinking long and hard and looking for ways to take your advice and keep trying to work on compelling, story-centric content into the game. At the same time, I was still trying to figure out what to do about another lingering problem I hadn’t told you about, because it was part of a future expansion project we haven't announced yet. It has long been the plan to make a follow-up, extra content release for Haunts that consisted of single-player stories with plots written by some of the coolest horror writers going right now. Originally we were going to sell this separately, as a follow up DLC pack, but now we are going to roll all of that content into the core game. This solves two problems - it gives us a great base to build single-player, story-driven levels around and it allows me to keep working with these great writers and figure out the best way to execute their creepy creations in Haunts. Over the coming months, we’ll work with those writers and the community to find the horrific fun in these single-player stories. All of those updates will be part of the Kickstarter Supporters edition of the game. When we’ve got them ready, we’ll push the content out to you. Eventually, we will do a full retail release of the game, which will have all the content you supporters get, but for a higher price. Additionally, we’ll release some bonus content for the Kickstarter editions only, either new story or multiplayer maps - maybe one of each, we’ll see. So, meet some of The Writers - RICHARD GAVIN Richard Gavin has been hailed as a master of numinous horror fiction in the tradition of Arthur Machen, Algernon Blackwood, and H.P. Lovecraft. His tales are widely anthologized and have been collected in the books CHARNEL WINE (Rainfall Books, 2004), OMENS (Mythos Books, 2007), THE DARKLY SPLENDID REALM (Dark Regions Press, 2009), and AT FEAR'S ALTAR (Hippocampus Press, forthcoming in 2012). He has also published criticism and essays of Nightside arcanum. S.T. Joshi calls Richard Gavin "one of the bright new stars of contemporary weird fiction. Richard lives in Ontario, Canada with his beloved wife and their brood. <url>"The Theatre &amp; Its Double." Trent Zelazny, ed. MIRAGES: TALES FROM AUTHORS OF THE MACABRE. Another heavy- hitting horror antho, featuring the likes of Tom Picirilli, Joe R. Lansdale... and "Beast: A Fable For Children", a story I dedicated to fellow contributor Joseph S. Pulver and the late Maurice Sendak. <url>"kill everyone on the other side." There are random elements and decisions elements in each one, which should make them fun to replay. Right now we've got the first three done and those will be what we send out in the Beta, since they cover lots of the core game-play. Said Beta should be ready for you all as soon as we get the AI for single player improved enough to make playing against it fun, which is supposed to be next week. We've got the rest of them planned out and maps made for some. With Josh and I working together, we get them done pretty efficiently. Meanwhile, Austin has finished all the Intruders and is making more monsters. It's a lot of fun to have a larger set of Intruders finally, as we've been testing with the same three for a long time (even though we faked others by changing their actions and stats, it's much more fun to see the new sprites in action). Oh, and T-shirts! Well, they were done last week. Unfortunately, they weren't done right. Austin made the printer take them back and re-do them right this time, with the image in the right place and the color right on all of them. They agreed to do so, and since it was their mistake, we don't have to pay anything else, but there's the delay. And that's where we're at! Back to work with us. Listen to me and Austin talk about money and schedule and progress and more! <url>’re totally going to spend it! Specifically, when all the fees were taken out by Amazon and Kickstarter, we received $26,495. Thanks again everyone, that is awesome! Combined with what we had left in the bank, that puts our current available funds at $30,508. Getting there cost us some money along the way. Specifically, below are our costs for promoting the Kickstarter and fulfilling the t-shirt rewards. In addition, we’ve had to pay some costs of doing business during the past nine months. Not a lot, but some. And of course our biggest cost, which is ongoing, is salaries for Austin and Jonathan (who’re working way cheap against back-end profit sharing, while I’m working for salary-free against back-end profit-sharing). We’re also considering hiring a fourth person to do two months of work to help us make sure the game gets done on time. These numbers are all accurate within 5% or so, as they’re based on my own quick calculations and rounding, not detailed accounting records. Costs Already Paid: Software and Services (Quickbooks, Survey Monkey, Sublime Text Editor): $550 Legal (State business reports): $450 T-Shirts (production and shipping): $1500 Advertising for Kickstarter (My Brother, My Brother, and Me, Web Ads, Facebook ads): $2500 Salaries $5500/ month January through July (including Federal and State taxes): $38,500 Total Spent Thus Far: $43,505 Costs to Pay Before Completion: Salaries $5500/month August through October: $16500 Possible Freelance/Temp Help: $4000 FMOD license (sound integration tools, don’t have to pay until we ship) $1500 Total Projected Costs: $22,000 That leaves us with $8,508 left over for advertising and unforeseen costs. Total Projected Budget: $74,005 So, we should count all the money you fine supporters pledged as being like pre-sales of the game, which means we’ve earned $26,495 from the game already. That means we need to earn another $47,510 to break even. What actually happens with that sales money when it (hopefully) starts rolling in is a little complicated, but cool. Up to the first $5000 will be used to pay Mark, who’s doing sound and music for the game. That’s his budget, based on his hourly rate. It’s looking like he might come in under budget, so this number might be lower, we’ll see. After that the income will be split between Me, Jonathan, and Austin in proportion to the amount of salary that we deferred while working on the game. So, Jonathan and Austin both were working at less than half their full salary rate and I was working for nothing. I’ll be paid a little less than half of what comes in and the other two will be paid a split of the rest. For the record, my salary rate is the same as Austin’s, and Jonathan’s is a little higher than ours. Once we’re all paid back our deferred salaries, then what comes in after that is split between us in proportion based on the amount that we were paid (our salary rate). Now the investor gets paid back too, at a rate based on the investment as if it were salary (i.e., as if the investor had been an employee who’d earned $42,000 or so in salary). A chunk also goes back to Mob Rules Games to cover costs and maybe fund another project. Quick math (as opposed to detailed analysis), suggests that we need to sell about 15,000 more copies of the game to get make back our budget and then another 10,000 or so to pay off everyone’s deferred salaries. So, if we can sell more than 25,000 copies of the game, then we’ll start seeing those magical residuals/royalties/whatever. 25,000 copies would be great, great numbers for a first-time indie game, but not, I think, impossible. The better the game the better our chance of course, so that’s where all out focus needs to continue to be. Back to work! And, I’m back! Sorry for the lack of recent updates. We had the inevitable post-success period of exalted exhaustion and then we dove right into more making the game. Then I went away for a week to help shoot a documentary about Defcon 20, the hacker convention in Las Vegas. And now I’m back! So, here’s where we’re at: The biggest thing we’ve been working on this past month is the story scripting system. It’s all up and running now, and I’m creating the story levels. There will be twenty-six chapters to the story all told, two per decade of the Tyree Manse’s long, dark history. Each decade you get to play as both the Intruders and the Denizens, although the stories themselves are different. It’s pretty complicated, really, and I want to leave plenty of surprises, but I have it all mapped out and scripted. Now it’s just the (large) matter of implementing it all. The story levels are meant to be the equivalent of short stories in a horror anthology, and should take between ten and twenty minutes each to play. Decisions you make in each story will have effects on later stories, and the cumulative weight of all of them will determine great big things at the end. So, hopefully you’ll want to replay the whole thing through to try different paths, but even if you don’t it should be a solid 5+ hours of story-level creepy fun, which feels like a good deal for a $5 to $10 game, yeah? Plus there’s all the replaying of versus maps, of course. The plan is to have all these levels scripted and running by the end of August, which seems totally reasonable right now. They will all need playtesting and tweaking of course, which will be the job/privilege of our generous donors who pledged enough to be Beta Testers. Which brings us to the Beta. We want to have that out to you also by the end of August. I’m not sure what exactly will be in it yet. Certainly pass and play multi-player and a lot of the story levels (probably the first 13), along with some single-player versus. Which is to say, most of the game. Not all of the units will be in by then, but we’ll have all of the Intruders and a good portion of the Denizens. The t-shirts go to press this week, as soon as I go by the shop and drop off a check later today. So we should start shipping those out in a couple weeks! Next week too I should have the final budget, now that I know the t-shirt costs and all that. Sorry again for all the delay, but there are a ton of hats I’m wearing right now, but all the extraneous stuff is now gone. Finally, I’d like to do a Q&amp;A for next week, so please send me some questions through Kickstarter by August 8 and I’ll answer them on August 10th as best I can! We've all been working hard this past month, especially Austin and Jonathan who've done some amazing work. Thanks again, everyone! Rick Thank you, thank you, thank you, to all 1,214 of you who pledged your support for Haunts! Our Kickstarter Kicked and I just started the process of transferring $25,075 from Amazon Payments to the Mob Rules Games bank account. We raised $28,739 total, and that $25k is what's left after Kickstarter and Amazon take their piece of the action. A fair trade in my estimation. Next week I'll write up a more detailed accounting of our budget, costs, and schedule as part of our commitment to transparency. On Monday I'll also be sending out surveys/questionnaires to all our backers, getting stuff like t-shirt sizes and requests for references for portraits and supporter messages. First I need to set up our back-end spreadsheet so I can keep track of all your responses! Thanks again everyone. I can't wait for you to be able to play our game! Just 12 Hours Left! Vampire Alternate Unlocked! Only 12 Hours to get this limited edition t-shirt at the $45 pledge level! I guess when you hit 3 days to go, Kickstarter switches over to hours! So, with less than 4000 minutes left on this roller-coaster ride of a crowd-funding experience, I want to say thank you, thank you, thank you once again to all of you fine, generous folk. Thank you! We've reached our stretch goal for the second Evil Genius, which I'm very excited about, since I think she's awesome (there's a reason she was the first stretch goal). We still have time to add our Orlock-style vamp into the mix as well! There's also still time to bump up your pledge to t-shirt level - especially you already generous folks who've given $35. For just ten more, hey, cool, limited edition t-shirt! But if not, that's cool too. We're just psyched to have your support. Speaking of $35-level supporters, you all get Beta access. Right now we're shooting to have the first Beta for your to hammer away at in late August. Our private Alpha is a couple weeks away, and is shaping up to have every feature except multi-player. So the time between then and the beta will all be for implementing multi-player so you guys can test it. And making more assets and levels and such of course. Thanks again for all the support, and enjoy our final hours! Rick We have some winners from the Denizens Vote a few weeks back. Check out all the both the Winners and the Runners Up here on our site. <url>"asymmetric" in the survey, is the big winner. Kind of fitting, with the whole asymmetric game play thing we've got going on in Haunts. Speaking of fitting, as I've mentioned before, these are available in every size from S to XXXL, men's and women's styles. We'll ask you for your size in the final questionnaire that goes out to supporters once the Kickstarter ends. The printer is using Alternative Apparel's "vintage" style shirts, which are the nicer, more light-weight option. Austin swears by them, and they do feel nice. They are black with white and a little red on them. This is the only time we will ever make shirts that look anything like this design. If we do a shirt for anyone to buy, the design will be very different and won't feature this house image. I have no idea what it will be, because right now we don't have any plans to make shirts besides these right here. Thanks again to the hundreds who voted and to all of you who've pledged your support so far. We're almost there, and if you want of these cooooool shirts, you can help us get all the way to 25k. cheers, Rick Hundreds of votes are in and now it's time to decide which shirt we'll be making! There are three options - which were neck and neck against each other, but well ahead of the rest of the pack. So now we need you to rank them in order of preference. Vote here: <url>’s me, Rick Dakan, explaining things in a video! You should watch it! For those of you who did, here are the links to the two surveys I mention: Shirt Designs: <url>’t or just want a handy reference sheet, here’s the text version: Things are going great, and we’re closing in on our $25,000 goal. In order to push things along and because lots of people have asked us about them (and because we want them too) we’ve added some new rewards, including T-Shirts. The t-shirts are now a reward for the new $45 level, which means if you’ve already pledged more than that, you’ll be getting a t-shirt (free shipping in US, additional charge TBD outside)! When the Kickstarter ends, you’ll be asked to pick a size - and we’ll have men’s and women’s shirts available. But what does the shirt look like? We don’t know yet! But we have seven options, and we’d like your opinion on them. So, go here and vote: <url>’ll announce the winning design next week, on June 18th, for those of you who want to wait and see what wins before you pledge. At the higher end, we’ve added a $150 pledge level. Those generous donors will get a caricature of their Gallery of Generous Ghouls portrait, done by Austin in the game’s style. This portrait will appear IN GAME on various walls. Push that up to $200 and Austin will send you a hand-drawn version of your caricature as it appears in the game, with some extra TBD charge for shipping outside the US. Furthermore, we’d like your help picking some of the master-level characters for the game. Here again we’ve got a survey and some options for you that we’d like your opinion on. So follow this link and help decide the kinds of denizens you’ll be facing/playing in the finished game! <url>’re well over $9000 and 470 backers, and it’s only been 7 days. All three of us have been bouncing off the walls and refreshing the Kickstarter page obsessively. Many additional thanks to all of you! I want to take some time today to talk more about the single-player campaign mode in Haunts: the Manse Macabre . Or at least what our plans for it are, since it mostly just exists as plans and design notes right now. The core experience of our game is an action-dense, haunted house experience that should take between ten and twenty minutes to play. For a casual turn-based strategy game, I think that’s kind of the sweet spot. For a single-player campaign, it’s also a pretty good pace for each level or chapter, so on the face of things, our core game and our story mode are simpatico. The flip side is, people and monsters are going to die a lot in the core game. We are, after all, telling horror stories here, and not many haunted house tales feature a group of people venturing into a crumbling mansion and then all coming out alive. So, keeping characters alive over the course of a couple-dozen levels doesn’t really fit with the genre. It especially doesn’t fit when we want the players to take on the role of the house’s haunts for half of the stories! With denizens taking out intruders and intruders clearing away denizens in a vicious cycle of supernatural terror, no protagonist from either side was going to last the whole campaign. It didn’t take much time to realize that the one constant across all these stories was the house itself. Well, not so constant, as the shape and residents of Tyree Manse change quite a bit, but still, the core evil of the house perseveres. I decided that the campaign should tell the whole history of the house, from its founding up to the present day. This scheme accommodates an ever-changing cast of characters, which means that no one is safe from some horrid fate. I prefer no one to be safe in my haunted house stories, don’t you? Under the sprawling history paradigm it also makes sense for us to present both sides of the equation in turn, intruders and denizens. As I started to organize the story, I decided it would be a lot of fun if the history of the house reflected the history of horror cinema. Certainly the kinds of horror stories we go to see at the movies have changed a lot since the early days of silent film, and it just made sense to me that the horrors in the house would in some way reflect that. Thus began a strange process of researching and watching old horror movies and looking for films that were both iconic and which might in some way inform the larger story I wanted to tell about Tyree Manse. I ended up deciding to pick two films from each decade of horror cinema, starting with two short, silent films: The Haunted Castle/The Devil’s Manor from 1896 and The Haunted House , from 1908. From there we move forward by decade with matched pairs, with one film from the decade serving as inspiration for the Intruders’ story and the other film inspiring the Denizens. I chose the movies using a private calculus of historic significance, personal appeal, and compatibility with the overarching plot. The list includes some of the greatest horror movies of all time, and some movies most people don’t know at all. Two great examples of how idiosyncratic the whole thing has shaped up to be are the pairs for the 1940s and the 1960s. For the 1960s, the two inspiring flicks are Psycho and Rosemary’s Baby - some of the most famous movies of all time. For the 1940s, the two are Isle of The Dead and House of Frankenstein . Isle of the Dead is a gem of a movie starring Boris Karloff, but it’s not well known. House of Frankenstein also stars Karloff, and is kind of terrible, but has a lot of fun ideas in it and fit neatly into the whole saga. I need to be clear that I’m in no way trying to recreate these movies or their plots within our game. Instead I’m taking these cinematic signposts as cues from which to draw inspiration and reference, while at the same time telling a new and strange story. If anything, I use the most well-known references to subvert the expectations of those familiar with the stories they come from. Or at least I’m going to try to do that. Most of the time. Except when I don’t. Because if I did it every time, then you’d come to expect it, and then there’d be no surprises. So, along with everything else, I’ve been watching and re-watching a lot of horror movies, which has been great fun. Some things, I was very unfamiliar with, especially from the silent era. Others are old friends that I haven’t seen in years (I’m looking at you Hellraiser ). As I’ve taken copious notes and assembled the pieces for our macabre saga, I’ve also gotten new inspiration for how the game can be improved and new features and denizens we’ll have to include in the core game. We plan to record a series of podcasts where we talk about the movies and their influence on the game, hopefully starting in the next week or so. And hey, if you’re an expert on old movies and want to be involved in the podcast sometime, drop us a note! Thanks again to all of you for your support so far. If you could follow us on Twitter @mobrulesgames or like Mob Rules Games on Facebook, that would be awesome. And if you could spread the word about Haunts far and wide, that would be even more awesome. More soon! Rick Thank you everyone! We could not have asked for a better start to our Kickstarter, with just shy of $6000 raised already and still 56 days still to go to reach our $25,000 goal. If things keep going even a quarter as well, we’ll exceed our goal, which will let us add in some great additional content to the game - more on those plans at a later date. This morning I added a FAQ, addressing some of the questions we’ve gotten and adding in some more details. I do encourage everyone to also check out www.mobrulesgames.com , where there’s a lot more info about the game and our little company. And if you’ve got any more questions, keep ‘em coming. All shall be answered, none turned away. I want to give a special shout-out to the helpful and hilarious McElroy brothers over at My Brother, My Brother, and Me (MBMBAM). They’re promoting Haunts: The Manse Macabre all this month, and we’ve already seen a lot of you fantastic supporters come over here because of them. For those of you who have no idea what the heck MBMBAM is, well, that’s easy to fix: <url>’ve been listening to this podcast for over a year and love it - you will too. Unless of course you don’t like things that are awesome. Or are offended by raucous, filthy, 18+ only, hilarious goofs. Or are scared of ghost horses. Of course those of us on the Haunts team have an abiding love for horse ghosts and all that other stuff. And I just got a fresh build of the game from Jonathan that I need to hammer away at today because I’ve got to go over it with our investor this afternoon. Look for another update on Friday! Thanks again, Rick Dakan