I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or can not fulfill" I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Never received a refund or product Sure feel like a schmuck for taking the Pyra Credit.... there's a special place in hell for people who fail to deliver kickstarters Craig! nah just kidding peace and love everyone, hope you all had a good day Never received a refund or product Never received anything is there going to be a refund? This was a scam. I am backer #232 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount of $75 Refund me soon! I've not received still... I am glad that i at least got a prototype board out of this kickstater instead of the $22 they offered me in refund. It was not a scam. It may have been poorly thought out or managed, but the project founder did issue at least partial refunds. I received mine. Another kickstarter scam!!! Here's another contender: <url>#.VPh1wzTF8sZ I have not received a refund.. LINK! <url>"new" unit as well. So I opted for the GCW-Zero and received an used unit in bad condition with a heavily scratched screen. I sent a mail a few days ago (with pictures) to try to resolve this issue with no replies. I found this- hxxp://boards.openpandora.org/topic/17297-looking-for-icp-25a-firmware-but-all-sites-have-been-taken-down/?hl=icontrolpad. All files including manual and firmware flasher and firmware upgrade. Can anyone point me to ICP1 documentation? It appears that the web page redirects here, and my package didn't include anything. I also received my icontrolpad yesterday. I'm sad that there still doesn't exist something equivalent to the original idea. Oh well. Received my icontrolpad 1. Glad that this is over for me. Good luck to everyone else. Got back $24 of $87... awful. Just awful Make that $21.06. PayPal got their cut. ಠ_ಠ Pledged $81 and just got back $22. Glad the "refunds" are starting to roll out, bummed we are only getting back about a quarter of our money. Whatever, I can finally shut the door on this mess. Pledged $87, refunded $24.. awesome @Florian I'm not too impressed with Mark's handling of things here either. Communication has been poor and the outcome is rubbish. I can't fathom why Mark didn't pull the plug earlier, it was obvious to me and many others that the project was doomed and we were all being lied to many months before he finally decided to act. But given Mark was foolish enough to front a project for a known incompetent and dishonest person like Craig in the first place, I can't say he has the best judgement. Wow.. I mean, if it is Mark deleting comments on here: Way to look like the good guy who didn't have any part in losing our money.. How about you flag my comments less Mark and actually improve the conditions surrounding this project so I don't need to make them. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @ramboky: Thanks. Has anyone done that (not in general, going after Craig)? Would probably be easier if there was a case everybody could point to. As for Mark not going after Craig: I wouldn't like to have enabled some guy to steal an amount of money that a lot of people won't ever see in their lifes and then to have done nothing about it. I have personally never made a mistake of those proportions in my life. Sorry, Mark. But I see how this is all going nowhere. @Florian You could file a small claim if you were in the UK. It costs nothing if you win (which you almost certainly will) and very little if you lose. A couple of people have already done this. Why would Mark bother going after Craig? Any legal action will be extremely expensive and there's little chance Craig will have any money to pay, even if it's successful. As for an international lawsuit, I doubt 100k is even close to enough. You options are to go after Mark or just suck it up. Unfortunate, but there it is. Well, afaik we gave money to whomever officially helmed the Kickstarter (i.e. NOT Craig), the money then went to Craig, and he did who-the-hell-knows-what :-( If I was the one who had officially received all the money in the first place I would now like to get it back from Craig. Isn't 100k+ enough for an international lawsuit? What could I do in the UK. If I could sue him there, why hasn't anyone (there must be UK citizens around here) done it? Or are we talking about punching him in the nose? I think there are other reason why that might not be the best idea :-( @Florian It's us Craig owes money to, no one else. The "they" you're talking about is you and me. But unless you reside in the UK there's little that can be done. About all most of us can do is make sure Craig's name is associated with this project and his dishonesty and incompetence as much as possible. Where's my money? Are there numbers on how much Craig took? If it's 150k, then why aren't they going after him? They should at least throw in a "Craig J V Rothwell is a thief" T-shirt for everyone. :-D @ramboky: Thank you. I was told (by whoever manages the refund email address) that info on this was posted. If it is just some tiny amounts and then "everything else - craig stole it" then that's not a satisfactory explanation. What was the reason we (or better yet, the remaining guys behind the Kickstarter) don't send a bunch of lawyers after Craig, I forget... @Florian You're right, there can't have been any legitimate spending on shipping. Unfortunately the large sum of money that was transferred to Craig has disappeared and because he's refusing to front up and answer questions it remains unaccounted for. In short: Craig J V Rothwell is a thief and he stole your money. Okay, so WHERE do I find a detailed report of where the freakin' money went? I got back about the amount that I paid extra for worldwide shipping. There can't be any spendings on that, right? So I can't count it toward any kind of refund. So where did ~75% percent of the money go? anyone have a link? (no I did not read through every single update ... again) I pledged $120 and haven't received crap. YAY! BEST. KICKSTARTER. EVER. I received around $27US back, pledge tier was 69 + 20 shipping. Honestly I didn't expect anything at all after Craig Rothwell did a runner, just glad it's over. I hope Craig enjoys his free holiday / yacht. I can't see myself backing anything on Kickstarter ever again. I pledged $160 for two controllers and haven't gotten any response or refund back. So those of you who have consider yourself lucky you got something and I emailed the same day the post said to email asking for a refund. @Sparr Risher You are a stark illustration of someone who chimes into a conversation they haven't been a part of to make a point that's already been discussed and rebuffed over and over. Read the terms and conditions of being a creator then get back to us when you know what you're talking about. @AIR Well the refund rate is 4:15 so you get $4 back for every $15 spent. So you get $20 back if you spent $75 6.67 - 25 20 - 75 40 - 150 .. etc or 26.67% of your monkey back so let's take your ammount 26/95=27.3% so well done you got about 60 cents more than you should have so now you can give it to charity or buy a doughnut. Hi I have only received 26 dollar out of 95 dollar pledged. Is that correct? There will be crowdfunding regulations setup by the government, it's only a matter of time. They are needed badly. Kickstarter is not an investment service as it is not federally governed like all other investment services. If this is investing, I want a quarterly report with clear indications of where the money is going and how it is being used. Until then, this is exactly the same as a store, and Kickstarter themselves markets it as one. This comment thread is a stark illustration of how many people want to buy products, instead of back projects, on Kickstarter. Do you people not realize how this site works? You aren't paying $112 for a piece of hardware. You're paying $112 to fund a project. *IF* the project is successful, you get the piece of hardware. If it's not, then you made a bad investment. That's what every pledge is, an investment. My concern is that I think Mark (ithic) will still be working with upcoming projects as the U.S. Distributor for gaming devices. I have zero faith in his ability to manage anything. I don't think I can support a project that uses ithic as a distributor after the way this project was handled. If I ever want to buy a gcwzero, I'm going to have to go to eBay. @Steven Kalz - I have been in contact with the Consumer Assistance Program of the University of Vermont (<url>"Craig" and essentially does the same thing. There has to be more going on here then we know about. Maybe GCW is getting a second production run? At this point if GCW had a bad Apple named Craig, it would be way too much of a coincidence. You do know that Mark who is doing the updates for this project has done some of the GCW updates as well? He is also the north american distributor for both products (ithic). Ithic lists GCW as out of stock. Where are the additional units coming from? I hope this isn't the whole open pandora situation all over again. I backed the project a long time ago (2012) and though many of the 1000+ backers have finally received their units (much later than promised), many are still waiting. The problems are not the delay, but the miscommunication (months without updates, deceptions and outright lies - months ago we were told that only a dozen or units remain to be shipped. Since then we, the backers - started a doodle list and found out that at least 130 backers are still waiting). The whole project was/is highly incompetent, though the console itself is great (after waiting for years I finally ordered another GCW from thinkgeek). Did you order a GCW and not receive it yet? This newest update did not mention the option of an iCP1 instead of the mark 2 version. I had previously opted for that solution and would very much like to keep it that way. Could you please update us about this matter? And about the option for a GCW-Zero - this is another struggeling kickstarter and many backers of it are still waiting for their rewards (I among them). So I am not sure if going that way will solve the problem. No, "Craig" just kept all that money. Seriously folks, I don't want to state the obvious, but if you want something done at all, you may need to do it yourself. Complain to everyone listening. Take Mark to small claims court (you never have to even appear in court, just pay a small filing fee and it goes to court in his district). Tweet about this project and about how Mark is taking care of the "refunds". Reddit, Slashdot, 4chan, Facebook, your one legged next door neighbor, whoever. Sing it from the rooftops. Or do nothing, take $20 rinse/repeat. ....and for those who paid additional shipping fees? no mention of a refund????? I was one of the first in line to back this vaporware for 75.00. Now you are telling me I'm only getting 20.00 back?? What about the cost of the shipping I paid through PayPal? Do I get any of that back also? Since I haven't received any notification or messages at all about anything but the emailed updates. I would rather have an ICP1 then a measly 20.00. So with shipping how much was actually stolen by this failure of a project. I suppose I will have to file a fraud complaint through my bank USAA. I hope everyone else does the same. Make sure to share your thoughts about this project or any part of Kickstarter in general via <email> Actually, I got my refund already, paid in full. The problem is that Mark never owned up to it, it was paid for by someone else who sent Mark the money, which he sent to me via PayPal. So technically I was never refunded in the traditional sense. I'm good though and consider it done. The rest of you should be getting something back besides empty promises about every 2 months. Craig can always sell one of his kidney to pay off refund debt. <url>"reward surveys" were sent. I am moving out of state at the end of the month. I am still patiently awaiting an ICP 1, which was part of my original reward of an ICP 1&2 Bam Margera recently landed the job as spokesperson for one of Mark's companies. Perhaps he's kicking back puffing an Mcig/VitaCig and playing the latest shipment of ICP1's? <url>"kit" with bare pcbs, components, and a shapeway file and let people DIY their controllers. The only issue is I think some of the components the icp2 was supposed to use are no longer in production and they didn't have any money to redo the specs / BOM with a plan B part...because someone, not naming names, just had to buy a nissan leaf and fancy pants 3d printer to print chocolate, amongst other things. So, stupid question.. This was supposed to be "The open source controller". Has anyone yet posted the plans online so that we can 3d print our own controller cases and pcb's? Or was that a lie too? It seems that doing that would cost them NOTHING to do, and would go a long way to at least accomplishing SOME Of their goal, despite us getting screwed out of the hardware (He adds looking bitterly at his developer pre-release bracket... as soon as possible my a**) New update please. <url>"The AG is seeking to collect $1.62million from the company, which is a $2,000 civil penalty for each of the 810 violations based on the total number of backers; it is worthy of note that only 31 of the backers live in the state." <url>"processing" status. Hope I will got them soon :) So Mark L. just wired my money back via Paypal... but didn't include what I paid for shipping and also withheld 10% for "Kickstarter/Amazon fees. I don't know, since it also didn't come through Amazon Payments - I'm hesistant to accept the money. Ryan, did you also have a similar situation? Did you just accept it, say "good enough" and move on (I mean, emotionally, clearly you are still here helping others :P). At this point, I think the 62.10$ Mark sent maybe my best chance of washing my hands of this project. And for those curious -- it took over 14 direct emails, contacting Kickstarter Support 5 seperate times, posting on Kickscammed, and then ultimately threatening legal action before Mark finanlly crawled out of his hole and honored my request for a refund. After all that has happened here, I hope Mark never gets a chance to own/operate a project again -- he has clearly shown he is not at all competent enough to manage something like this. @Adam - You know you ordered empty electronic cigs right? The actual "m" is a separate filter that loads into it and makes it a true mCig. At least this is what I've heard. @Thong : I just sent my credit card provider a request. I hope it will work and if everybody does the same, Kickstarter will maybe start to take care of their users... This user's account has been deleted. Fun fact - me and my co-worker ordered mCigs month ago and still waiting. Deja vu? :) So, basically, even though Mark Linkhorst assumed legal responsibility for the project, he thinks that he shouldn't have to bear any of the consequences because he already gave away all of our money. He'll see that someone gets paid off if they get serious about taking legal action, but everyone else can go fsk themselves. Even if he is a victim of Craig along with the rest of us, his reputation should suffer from such an unmitigated failure. Whether he was conned or not, I certainly will never be involved in another venture in which he takes part. I just wander how much Product 3's commission was. You know, since we still haven't been given any real information on where the money went. It must be nice to have such a convenient scapegoat for what is, after all is said and done, entirely Mark's responsibility. Hi, Link (Mark Linkhorst / Product 3) is the only one who can take legal action against Craig, we have no connection, I am in the UK but I can't take Craig to court. So we the KickStarter backers have to suffer Craigs "poor management" and not Link? Link / Product 3 are 100% responsible for our money, I would guess he gave ~$200,000 (in parts and directly) to Craig to produce the ICP2, I assume there were some contracts? (I wouldn't be surprised if there were not!) he should be taking action (legal if required) to get it back so he can refund us. I assuming Link isn't really that interested? This is a neat scam really, almost impressed, to be fair it probably wasn't at the start, but looking at it now, Craig has had all the money and pretty much can't be touched! Kickstarter / Amazon don't want to know, and Link has 2168 individuals spread around the world who mostly can't economically sue him! nice! Exophase wrote: Ryan (and to others who are probably interested as well), you are correct that I was the one who forwarded the funds to Link to reimburse you. This wasn't much of a secret, since I said I was going to do it on the Pandora forums. I'm not an iCP2 backer so I can't post on the KS comments, but at least this thread is linked there so hopefully it'll be more visible. I can't speak for Link since I haven't talked to him outside of giving him the money, but from his comments it seems clear that he doesn't have and pretty much never did have the money that you guys funded for iCP2 - that money either went to Craig or to fulfill purchase orders for parts (parts which are currently owned by Craig's company, AFAIK). So if you go after him for a refund you probably won't get anything. I think it goes without saying that I am also not willing to reimburse over $200,000 of money for a project I have nothing to do with. A lot of you must feel that it isn't very fair that Ryan is able to get a full refund that's not available to the rest of you. And I agree, this really isn't very fair. Please hold me accountable for this, not Link. Like ED showed, I already offered to refund Ryan directly. I gave Link the money to refund Ryan because I don't think that Link should suffer the consequences of Craig's poor management. Ryan was threatening legal action that could have eaten up a lot of time and money for Link, and if it forced his (now dissolved) company into bankruptcy or even worse, forced him into personal bankruptcy (if his company was found to be too closely coupled to his personal accounts), which would have pretty seriously screwed him over. And I don't think this would have ever done anything to resolve what Craig did with the money, much less get any of it back. On the contrary, it would have made it a lot harder for Link to pursue legal action against Craig himself, if he ever decided to do something like that. Now I don't personally know Link very well, I've only talked to him a few times. I only really know of his role in the Pandora community. I've just been close enough to the situation (the bickering on the Pandora forums) that I don't want to see someone who, in my opinion, is totally innocent take the full brunt of Craig's damage. And I'm definitely not supporting Craig here, there is no way I would have given Craig money to give the refund if Link weren't involved in this. The other thing that really concerned me was how Ryan seemed to be setting his sights on EvilDragon now, who is not even connected. I can't stand seeing this kind of smearing based on false allegations (especially since Ryan has already been informed his claims were wrong). And even if Ryan failed to push any legal threats against ED, this can still damage his reputation and his business. The whole thing is a really ugly compromise. I don't like knowing that the person who complained the hardest and smeared innocent people is the one who got rewarded for it. I don't like knowing that other people, especially the more patient and reasonable people, don't get anything from this. I can only apologize for that. But the practical reality of the situation is that most backers, no matter how frustrated, are not going to pursue legal action over such a small claim - it just doesn't make sense financially. The risky cases are where a lawyer is willing to work with someone for free (as appeared to be the case with Ryan) or if a backer is a lawyer himself who is going to seek not only a refund but attorney fees (which is what Neil Singh was trying to get when he served Seth Quest over Hanfree's failure) Post Link: <url>#post-697 Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. one of us should start a KS (or maybe indiegogo would be better?) to afford to buy a big ass lawyer to sue KS/bum projects? I thought KS required a creator to provide a breakdown when they "default" on a project explaining where the money went? I want to know how much went to each player, how much is still sitting in an account, and how much each player used for their piece of the project. I have little doubt that ED, Link, and Mweston (IDK if the plastics guy ever was involved) were likely responsible with their portions. We need to know how much craig got, and where it went, and what it went for. every so often, if I need to get angry.. I just watch Craig's video.. that hits the spot. @Ryan so... you pushed legal actions directly on Linkhorst and you actually got a refund from that? Can you post a guide on how you initiated those actions so we can get our refund as well? Kickstarter is pretty messed up, no surprise there. They insist that all refunds come through the official refund mechanism in their system which only the project manager has access to. It also only uses Amazon Payments. I have requested to be removed from the backer pool and they claim that since it was sent via PayPal instead, there's no way to remove me as a backer. I said fine then, I'll have Amazon initiate a tiny refund amount (like 1 cent) and they can pull my backer status. They say this won't work, either a full refund has to be sent through their system or I will remain a backer. I don't think they don't have the ability to fix this, they just refuse to. Support is a firewall. There seems to be absolutely no way anyone can speak with support and get sent up to a higher tier or connected with a site architect to correct a problem. In my opinion, their system is broken. I won't be using this platform any further aside from purchases I have already made. They did confirm to me that backer pledges are independent, so reversing one will not force a reverse of all. Regardless, I'm out and if the management can keep good enough records, when they do reverse all pledges, they can count me out. Well, it looks like Link crated a snow ball... I guess it's the squeaky wheel that gets the grease. Maybe if we all get involved with the Attorney General more of us will see refunds. It certainly won't hurt Me to try. I have opened a support ticket requesting that kickstarter remove this project from my backer history since I'm no longer involved as a customer. Yes. "I have received and my claim against Product 3 LLC (Mark Linkhorst) is now closed." not sure I get this? seems to be missing words? do you mean you have received 'your refund'? and then as part of the legal agreement you can't comment? I have received and my claim against Product 3 LLC (Mark Linkhorst) is now closed. Please direct all correspondence to the project manager as I can no longer comment on this project. Link may have been conned by Craig, but he set up the company and took the money, so isn't our case against Link? we have no direct connection with Craig. I don't know what agreements Link / Product 3 and Craig had, would hope there was some sort of contract!, but was Craig a kind of subcontractor for Link / Product 3? Link may not have got much money and want to move on but he is the project creator and ultimately responsible! I agree Link has probably been conned, but if he didn't think Craig could be trusted why did he go ahead with the project? Regarding the post that Ryan has kindly shared to the comments, I'd be happy to forfeit my refund to have Craig see his day in court. I'm sure many others would say the same. It's unfortunate that Link is getting the flack when he was played like the rest of us and convinced to go against his instincts. Craig cannot be allowed to scam over £100,000 out of a community. Here's Link's latest rant post from OpenPandora Forums, the official discussion forum for this Kickstarter. I am here and really disgusted with being looked at as a scammer. I will make a Kickstarter update within the next few days, and I'm sure this post will wind up on there sooner than later. I will detail where money was transferred/when and to where we can expect the funds for refunding backers. I've had no word from Craig in March or April, so I've given up on him. I can't see it being economically feasible to start a suit against him, but am not ruling it out at this point. I just don't see how you can get blood from a stone. And at what cost? For those of you thinking I made a ton of money on this project, my compensation for the project was $1 per unit sold via Kickstarter. $1 measly dollar. Kickstarter and Amazon made more money on this project than I did, and nobody is going after them for that money back, but I will try to see if they will refund what they took when the project was funded. Do we go after MWeston for the money he received for the project, do we go after DaveC who Craig supposedly transferred money to for a case that doesn't exist? Personally I want this all to be over with and yes, there was no update lately because it would have been the same old story, and yes, we'd have people out for blood against me for trying to help someone out. Trying to help a guy who was down, or maybe just setting me up for failure, or ? I think it would be interesting to bring to light the post where I almost hit the cancel button on the project before it was funded/completed (even while the goal was met for funding). Does anyone remember that, anyone? I know that isn't in a public area of this forum but it is out there, and I vocally addressed the situation then in September or October of 2012. My gut instinct was that Craig couldn't be trusted at the time the project was live for actions he took against ED involving 1GHz Open Pandoras at the time. And lets not forget the fact that Craig instructed ED to keep me away from 1GHz Open Pandora sales when he went ahead and announced them to the world for being for sale through Open Pandora LTD (Craig's company). My goal is to have refunds sent out by the end of summer. Hopefully ED can sell off the parts he can, and we can consolidate remaining funds to refund backers. I apologize for getting involved with the project and any bad light it is bringing on this community that has supported me over the years. My goal with the project was to help Craig get the device into the world, so that he could be rewarded for his invention(s) and resolve his financial matters with ED and others in the community that he owed products to. I made a bad choice, but I'm not going to just walk away from everyone. I'm not that kind of person. I've been quiet to bring more to light and give Craig the benefit of the doubt when he said he'd sell his home and put that money back into the project for refunds. Craig also said he had ICPs that he has somewhere that he was going to give to me too, to sell and get more money in into refunds. Well, no words from Craig, nothing in months, no ICPs being shipped to me. It's time to move on. I don't think backers want to risk losing any remaining funds to pursue Craig legally, and receive less of a refund. My sincerest apologies. Backers, please go here and post comments: <url>"HE" is responsible for the refunds whether he likes it or not. Mark Linkhorst really needs to keep his business partnerships in order. @John Palaima - if KS is saying that the campaign was made before the rule change, how about they enforce the part that "International" campaigns were NOT ALLOWED then at that time, and this campaign was entirely fraudulent on that claim then... This is beyond ridiculous - how the hell can the people of Kickstarter or Product 3 LLC sleep at night; worthless scammers should have a massive doling of kharma come their way. I contacted Mark last year in hopes of moving my "refund" to ithic store credit to buy a GCW-Zero. Never heard a response. At this point, I don't think Mark lives in Vermont. That's just where ithic is, but it's being run on his behalf by someone else. He's doing traveling publicity for mCig. GCW Zero was pushed by Ithic LLC at the last Pax East (not this year) Im convinced Link is just a sockpuppet for Craig at this point Kickstarter doesn't CARE about us.. They got their percentage. Refused to answer my emails/twitter/facebook requests... Also Product 3 is not bound by the current Kickstarter terms... the campaign predates the rule change and therefore KS says they dont have to enforce it. I was tempted to have him served at Pax East.. Last time Pax was in town he went for a "lunch" and never came back.. while someone was trying to sell a Pandora to a customer and hit up funding for the GPX or WTF its called... Does Mark realize his name is on the LLC? In fact that makes him liable for Craigs clusterfuck Perhaps Craig should see his new EV and the Makerbot.... That might get most of the funding back.. The fact that the project money they do have has not already been released makes me think it's all a lie, or they have no intention of ever releasing it. If some of the top tier buyers did sue Linkhorst, then they may be sitting on the cash they do have available thinking they might need it to pay for those cases. I'm not seeing any publicly viewable past/closed litigation against Linkhorst, but any that are pending will not be available for viewing anyway. All I can see right now is his chapter 7 bankruptcy from 2003. I know I don't believe them. It's more of the same BS. Mark doesn't want to be bothered to do anything like actually going after Craig, since he's busy smoking mCig's during interviews. So he tosses it all Craig's way and insists we go shake him down for refunds. Kickstarter doesn't enforce their own terms of service, and it's a bit too costly for average buyers to go retain an attorney to get a refund. What we still need is an attorney to take this suit and treat the buyers as one large class. That would shake things up. Individually, buyers here have no rights. Project managers know this and I'm sure we'll see more scams like this in the future. Come on guys, does anybody believe any of these BS updates? Craig selling his house, seriously? I cant believe this hasn't been resolved yet. Unsurprisingly, no answer from my emails either (maybe that's because I also mentionned my Open Pandora money Craig ran away with)... By the way, look what Mark's been up to this month! <url>"If you plan on actually following through, prove it and refund whoever emails this address". He won't though. I still can't find proof that he has his house on the market. Not sure if it's a fake or not, but I haven't gotten a reply either. I didn't receive a response. I'm assuming it's fake. So has anyone that has requested a refund from <email> received a response or email back from them about the refund process? Isn't representing yourself as a LLC and not being an LLC a felony or some such? Methinks it's really time to get law enforcement involved. @Ryan, hmm the plot thickens I was contacted by the Attorney General of Vermont today. They said that they cannot find Product 3 LLC and Mark Linkhorst. I gave them the address listed on this page as well as ithic. Either all inquiries are being rejected or these mail stops are fronts. 1700 comments :D yeah, Craig's name isn't on this project. Product 3 LLC is. Watch that get deleted. Which is funny because he is legally selling it for medicinal purposes. Because it did. Mark's not out until the law says he's out. He just doesn't want bad publicity for the other products he's selling. Remember, it's 4:20 somewhere. is it just me or does the latest update read like "Bla bla bla. We're out.. talk to Craig" Updates please on refund process. You even posted it yourself on Sep 21, 2013 :) @Ryan Joseph Victor Which guy? Craig's never in one place very long. If you show up at Link's doorstep, maybe he can refund you in Mcigg's. He's certainly good for it. I am surprised no one has shown up at thus guys house to "clear things up" and "clarify problems". If we don't start seeing some real results on here Mark Linkhorst, by association, may start showing up in those search results. By the way, what does the JV stand for? That may involve buying a domain name. @Ramboky - we should to push harder to get "Craig Rothwell" as well high enough in SERP ;) @Adam I did a quick google of "Craig J V Rothwell", results 2, 3 and 4 all mention scams and/or fraud. I think it's safe to say that goal has already been achieved. Kickstarter's response to my BBB complaint was a copy/paste from their terms of service. So they completely ignored the issue at hand. I marked it as unresolved and I'm going to press on until I get a real response to my complaint. He's never results my emails or twitter direct messages. Link wouldn't even consider giving me a refund in ithic.com store credit so I could buy a gcw-zero handheld. That really shows how much faith he has in us ever getting refunds. @Ben - The most you will get out of Craig is a lousy joke. It would be the same as calling him. BTW. Maybe we should to do reverse ORM for Craig J V Rothwell? Who is going to hire him in the future when he will come as #1 for 0.25M USD scam? Got PhoneJoy - is not iCP2 but solid piece of a hardware. DM'd Craig on Trip Advisor... watch this have more direct impact in me getting a refund than all the direct messages to KS and Link (not that it would be too hard to trump that, they have all amounted to NOTHING). @Ryan seems he's getting drunk at Amsterdam hotels. That's definitely him as their is reviews for Newcastle upon Tyne where his business activities once operated from and its the same name. Apparently Craig moved to Amsterdam. <url>"File or update a complaint"-button on the top and fill in the online complaint form. It will only take a few minutes. I received a letter today (snail mail) from the Attorney General of Vermont's consumer complaints division. They are in the process of contacting Mark Linkhorst. There's a 7 day waiting period before they pursue further actions. @Drammurt - He's been ignoring my messages too, up until recently when I pushed for a response on OpenPandora Forums. He responded to that, although I doubt he will respond over here on Kickstarter where the discussion should be held. Hey guys, I gave Mark Linkhorst an ultimatum to refund me before the 1st of March 00:00 GMT and that ultimatum just passed. In june 2013 he explicitely promised me that he would refund me, which he did not. I have been polite in my e-mails to him, but he never answered any of my e-mails since then. I was advised to give him one more chance to refund, but that was another waste of time. His lies are piling up and because he's neglecting his customers, he has turned his kickstarter project into a scam/theft of an estimated $ 204.045. My patience with and trust in Mark Linkhorst is gone and I'm going to take actions to try to get our money back. I'll keep you updated. @Ben - Glad to hear there's some progress being made. @Ryan - I received a call from the CAP office of Vermont, they were incredibly helpful. I suggest anyone else that wants to make an impact also open a filing through their online form submission process against Mark Linkhorst and Product 3 LLC via this link: <url>"update". I hate to say it, but ultimately it was the backers who caused this project to fail with the vote for LED back lighting. I said from the get go you people would not be getting your icp2's (I got the icp1...3 months late) and I caught holy hell when I complained and criticized craig. I suppose I get the last laugh. I don't feel bad for those of you who voted for led lighting. You sealed your fate. Reporting to Kickstarter won't do anything, they don't care. They made a fee off the project and have washed their hands of it. Instead if you want to help, contact the attorney general of Vermont. I'm also considering contacting the FTC if they have a consumer complaints page. My next step is to contact attorneys in Vermont that handle Internet cases. I had been holding my tongue and just letting this failed project fall to the wayside. However, the latest update is too much of a rehash of what we were told last year. I believe the creator is now just stringing us along and have reported this fund to Kickstarter. I don't care at all about the refund, but the way this campaign has been handled is almost criminally irresponsible and abusive. Mark Linkhorst likely wants nothing to do with this project, so he posted comments from "Craig". Those of us in the United States cannot pursue Craig since he's in the UK. Mark Linkhorst is on the LLC filing, thus any legal actions would be against him and the LLC. Again, this is misdirection on the part of Mark. How strange, we both file legal/formal complaints Ryan and now here we are at least hearing something (albiet indirectly) from Craig. A partial refund at this point is unacceptable - I'm not letting this drop until my entire 'investment' is returned to me. To have ~100$ tax/interest-free for ~2years is beyond ridiculous. Vermont is a battleground state for the legalization of medical m. Link probably reported the post because he wants to keep his day job separate from this project. @Ben - I forwarded you a copy of the complaint I filed. Feel free to copy what you need from it. Attempted to open a claim via the link you provided Ryan, but I was told "We have received your complaint however it is very unclear what you are complaining about. Please revisit our website and fill out a complaint form with a detailed description of what you are complaining about. Please also include your contact information." Is there a place where I can find the information necessary to properly submit a claim? They need information like address and phone number of the business, and I do not have that kind of information. As a rule kickstarter does NOT care that you're ripped off. They really don't. Even when it is obvious fraud. They mainly don't want you to rock the boat. @Denial The link wasn't to another project, it was to another website, just like the dozen+ links I've posted to other websites. Why have none of mine been removed? I would be very surprised if it wasn't Link who had it removed. It would have been removed by Kickstarter itself. There was another deleted comment a while back that was semi-promoting another project (which isn't allowed). I think kickstarter have some semi-automatic comment monitoring.. I would imagine if you made a comment with the F word 50 times. You'd find it would be deleted within a few hours. It's more of a shame he can't refund the money he does have. Instead he has to go fence the parts that were purchased and hope it's enough that we all receive something (if anything at all). The contingency fund Debs mentioned must be entirely gone, perhaps even taken by Craig. @Ryan I sincerely doubt Kickstarter are monitoring at this project at all. Either Link reported it or removed it himself (if that's possible). Either way, it shows he's reading some of this. Shame he can't take the time to answer a few simple questions. @Ryan: Complain to Kickstarter, they should be able to give you an explanation. Come on, there's hope. ;-) Wow, kickstarter lives! They removed my link to Link's blog. Did they find it offensive? Did Link report it? We will never know. @Ryan: Thanks for doing this. Could this be of help to non-US backers too some day? I have contacted the attorney general's office. I'm waiting for a response from them in regards to this matter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Ryan I'll be living in the US in 4 months and I wouldn't be surprised if we're still waiting by then. Anyone within the United States, go here to file a complaint (Consumer Assistance Program in Vermont): <url>#&panel1-1 I haven't found anyone who specializes in suing failed crowd funded projects yet. It seems to be rather uncharted, or unadvertised. I work with a number of attorney's but they specialize in Elder Law only. I'm not sure where to begin. The Internet is fully of quacks. Most "class action" attorney's I've been able to find only handle medical and pharmaceutical cases. As for filing criminal charges, we couldn't against Craig (not easily) because he's in the UK. We may be able to file them against the LLC however. another angle as well, has anyone considered just filing criminal fraud charges? Ryan any luck on a "kickstarter lawyer"? We're at 200k, so I think we can go above and beyond small claims court. dddmaster The PYRA has NOTHING and I repeat NOTHING to do with Craig... It is a project by EvilDragon... <email> (Craig Rothwell) registered evtxt.com <url>— Close Mrs Jacquelyn Jones Born 58 years ago: Jun 1955 Company Secretary, Company Secretary 25 May 2004 — Close I have, but my individual claim is far less then what the legal action would cost. I would also need to take Mark Linkhorst (Ithic.com) to court because the LLC is legally in his name. He's stuck holding the bag because Craig is in the UK. This project should have never happened because Kickstarter didn't allow foreign projects at the time. Craig circumvented the rules Kickstarter had in place by having someone create a LLC in the United States so it would appear legit. I could file a small claims suit against Mark in Vermont, but again I'm getting very close to the amount of money lost and is likely not worth it. That's the problem with Kickstarter. You loose money. It's not much of a loss if small, and if I paid hundreds then I'd be filing suit. When I spend that inbetween amount, it's not small enough to brush off, and not large enough to file suit. We could all file small claims against Mark Linkhorst in Vermont, and then he would have to file suit against Craig. That will likely upset a lot of people because he is in a tough spot here, since Craig walked with a good chunk of the money. Plus if we all filed against him, it may put his company in jeopardy if he ended up having to pay all of us and lacked the money to do so. Regardless, he decided to work with Craig so technically he's still liable. He's also who has been posting the updates after Craig took off. LLC Filing Info <url>"Kickstarter" lawyers, or lawyers willing to take on an entire classes case. Meaning that all of us would become participants if we wanted to, and this lawyer would represent all of us. Since Kickstarter is fairly new still, there isn't enough failed projects that have made lawyers take notice. I'm open to suggestions however, feel free to send them my way - <email>. Another month - another disappointment. C'mon you all at gbax should be ASHAMED. Someone from inside the company should grow a spine and offer to help us with legal action - I'm sure there has got to be valid testimony that could be given to support our cause. I just want what I am entitled to - either a working product or my money back. Has anyone initiated legal actions yet? Anyone contacted a lawyer to check what options we have? Some nice folks over in County Durham sent me a web link with the following info: iControlPad Ltd 15/16 Pont Lane Leadgate Consett County Durham DH8 6LA United Kingdom "I Control Pad Limited was registered on 11 Jun 2008 with its registered office in County Durham. The business has a status listed as "Live" and it currently has 2 directors. It was founded by Mr Raymond George Jones, Mr Craig Joseph Rothwell, Miss Debbie-Leigh Jones, Mrs Jacquelyn Jones. I Control Pad Limited has no subsidiaries." (Reported Financials as of Nov 2013) Cash - 4,552 GBP Net Assets - 1 GBP Current Liabilities - 5,025 GBP Current Assets - 4,552 GBP Mr Craig Joseph Rothwell Born 35 years ago: Sep 1978 Director 11 Jun 2008 — Present (5 years, 7 months, 15 days) Mrs Jacquelyn Jones Born 58 years ago: Jun 1955 Director 11 Jun 2008 — Present (5 years, 7 months, 15 days) Mrs Jacquelyn Jones Born 58 years ago: Jun 1955 Company Secretary 11 Jun 2008 — Present (5 years, 7 months, 15 days) Mr Raymond George Jones Born 62 years ago: Oct 1951 Director 11 Jun 2008 — 01 May 2013 (4 years, 10 months, 20 days) Miss Debbie-Leigh Jones Born 28 years ago: Sep 1985 Director 11 Jun 2008 — 01 May 2013 (4 years, 10 months, 20 days) 1600th comment. That's something I guess. Wow, and that's the only definition he ever submitted too. Let's face it people , we were all hit with a Lightning Punch. Don't know what a Lightning Punch is? . Here's the definition from the phrase inventor, Craig himself <url>~400M in a year, it would be in their interest to bolster confidence by offering a centralized legal remedy to failed projects given funding, with a minimum bar below which it makes more sense to pay out to backers than to lawyers. This project might be above that bar but it doesn't matter because kickstarter claims that despite there being a legal requirement to fulfill rewards or refund, the requirement has nothing to do with the kickstarter organization. Which, given that there's no details to help make this requirement more concrete isn't too helpful. <url>#faq_41860 If downtown manhattan was somewhere you could hang out from 6 to 9pm daily for a few weeks it might be worth a shot to file small claims directly on Kickstarter just to get a clarification of how they're making this legally binding. I requested my $100* in ithic.com store credit as well as months earlier suggesting they just send me 2 ICP1's and be done. Nobody bothered to even make a response to either request. I even sent a personal note to Link on the openpandora forum. No response from him either. Nothing says epic failure like not getting a single reply from anyone, just general blow-off public posts. Hopefully in the future, Mark Linkhorst is much more careful who he associates with professionally. He's such a busy guy running his own business that he really doesn't have time to handle all our requests for refunds. Yet he put his name on the LLC. That alone bears a certain level of responsibility. Yeah I know Craig's an ass and everyone else got stuck holding the bag, blah blah blah. That excuse only works for awhile, then it wears thin. I really hope this gets resolved in the next month. Otherwise It may be 'open season' for anyone who put their name on the project. I requested my $87 in ithic.com store credit as well as months earlier suggesting they just send me 2 ICP1's and be done. Nobody bothered to even make a response to either request. I even sent a personal note to Link on the openpandora forum. No response from him either. Nothing says epic failure like not getting a single reply from anyone, just general blow-off public posts. Hopefully in the future, Mark Linkhorst is much more careful who he associates with professionally. He's such a busy guy running his own business that he really doesn't have time to handle all our requests for refunds. Yet he put his name on the LLC. That alone bears a certain level of responsibility. Yeah I know Craig's an ass and everyone else got stuck holding the bag, blah blah blah. That excuse only works for awhile, then it wears thin. I really hope this gets resolved in the next month. Otherwise It may be 'open season' for anyone who put their name on the project. @Ryan that's why I stopped backing things on KS unless it's a friend or I can toss a couple bucks at something such that it's almost charity. KS has become a clearing house for fraud because of this. Frankly, this is the 3rd refund I was offered and I've yet to see anything and don't expect to see anything. Kickstarter doesn't want to be bothered. They will always take the 3rd party high road approach and stay out of every scenario. I'm not sure if the other project funding sites are like this. everything is moving so slowly. this project and syre project is the biggest joke i ever pledged and its the first 2 project and its stuck with no updates whatever after 2 yrs. kickstarter should really audit all projects!! update please. were in the dark right now. Been over a month since any update... Craigjvrothwellisascamartist.co.uk is available. Who wants to buy it and have it redirect here? This is the first kickstarter I backed which went completely wrong; thats not a bad score anyway. Hoping for a (partial) refund but having heard too many weird stories on the Pandora forum i'm not holding my breath. I sincerely hope the news on refunds is handled in a more professional manner than the project updates were. Those just contained excuses, etc. Now we have a house address for Mr Rothwell, its in his interests to keep people informed of the refund process or watch out for small claims court summons come through his door. Hopefully we don't have to go down that road. Anyone whom has backed this project go and log into your Amazon account and print off your receipt just in case... His other possible address is 1 EDGEWARE WALK SOUTH BENWELL Oh and if anyone would like to pay craig a personal visit his address appears to be: 15/16 PONT LANE, LEADGATE, CONSETT, COUNTY DURHAM, UNITED KINGDOM, DH8 6LA Also would like Product 3 LLC to note that they owe us a full refund according to Kickstarters T&C that they agreed to when starting the funding for this project. @Eli An old joke, but unfortunately that's a different Craig. <url>"gave" money to iControlpad LTD (Craig's company) is not our problem. Given Craig's track record you'd assume that care would be taken when giving him access to funds. Please remember that ED isn't actually part of the iCP2 "team". He was just acting as a middleman to communicate with the pcb company and to hand them the funds. Confirmation on the openpandora boards that Link wrote the "refund" update, and that no one on the team has been able to reach Craig. Craig has closed his Pandora company and is not answering questions, including how much money is left. He is gone. I truly feel bad for those involved since not only have we backers lost out, those closest to Craig who also worked on the project appear to be in the same boat. My understanding is this: ED has money that was for PCB production. ED /link are trying to see what PCB parts can be refunded to recoup money Link has money meant for USA shipping fulfillment. Craig had the largest amount for UK/RestOfWorld shipping, plastics, molds(the mold alone is 65Kish), keymats, cases. The ONLY thing we know he spent KS money on was a 3D printer for himself. We have seen NO pictures or proof that he used ANY of the KS money on the actual KS project and this is after a year! I have faith that Link, ED, MWeston and Dave are doing their best trying to dig out of this pit Craig threw them into, but goodness, how fouled up this all is. Every time a project like this fails - and fails this horribly - it gives Kickstarter a bad name and it makes it harder for people who actually do deserve money from backers. I can only thank who ever it was that made the decision to finally and honestly cancel it instead of stringing us along for another year. @Jeffry Walsh People didn't ask for it to fail. People asked for updates , information and the truth. So far we still wait for most of that For all you iPhone users; I found better.... <url>£50 on 'Moaning Butcher' currently 40-1 racing at 15:20 Bangor-on-Dee. FYI, I backed another bluetooth game controller here on Kickstarter called the "Drone". Looks promising and has 9 days left to go. As it was intended as an open source controller, GNU public licence says we can we have the expense accounts as well. Tux the penguin wants them for close examination. So, to all of you who laughed at me when I said they'll never get their controller(s) : big fist in your ***. I am disappointed too, this project was a big scam, Craig lied to us all the time. You can bet on one thing... Monies will not be paid in full. Craig Rothwell the creator of this project is likely to siphon the money to sort out his debts from his OpenPandora project (which was he also dropped and left people waiting 3 years for their Pandora handhelds). When he did that Evil Dragon and Michael Weston were left to pickup the pieces... Any money left you can bet will be paid to settle outstanding debts. What's left will be refunded (If you're lucky). Their needs to be a tally of refunds to be recorded somewhere to ensure every single penny is accounted for (for the sum of $209,100)... Disappointed that this wasn't ready to go to market, the iControlPad2 was dreamland, a non-working prototype which failed to build on the successful iControlPad technology. Despite being funded, it was never ready to start mass producing in time for Christmas. Not optimistic to see a refund. Hopefully the people responsible for this will be blacklisted from KS. How do we know that any monies unspent on this disaster of a project won't be siphoned off to start other pie in the sky kickstarter projects or fulfill Pandora orders? Can kickerstarter monitor the refund process? so this was a scam after all , if you want to claim to do this transparent give us a list of what the money for this project has been spent on with voucher as proof and what has been shipped to backers already (icp1). just worked out that my £50 could of got me proper pissed and brought me a packet of chips on the way home. So note to self:- if you are given the choice of an open source led lite controller or a good night out take the night out please not other forms of an evening entertainment are available and do not have to involve alcohol or strip clubs, but I wont be there. well looks like I wont be getting the prestige of the 2000th comment..... on a positive note at least Craig has a 3D printer that we all paid for, so it's not all bad is it?????? Hope it doesn't take 3 years to get a refund like the creators other project where no order was shipped in three years, and unanswered emails from Mr Rothwell... <url>#2 would be my guess. Since the $12 shipping fee was charged up front, how can we, at the very least get that money back? Help please. I figure the top tiers will be refunded first. Probably because some of them are the funds of the project backers themselves. I suspect that in many Kickstarter projects, top tiers sell out not because people pay that much, but because project managers put up their own cash under another account name to make sure their projects succeed. Once that's out of the way, it's going to be a free-for-all for the rest of us. I see it going down one of these ways: 1.) Watch for a statement such as email us at this new address and that refunds will be "processed in the order that they are received". Which really is unfair for the hundreds of us who have been contacting them constantly demanding refunds. 2.) Remaining money will be divided evenly among remaining backers. It may go as far as a pool of cash is allocated per each tier, then divided equally between that tier. 3.) We may be asked to accept lower refund payouts so that everyone can get one. In other words we all get $20 instead of some get full refunds and the rest of us getting squat. 4.) It all goes to hell and nothing happens. We never get refunds. We'll just have to wait and see. I've not found one... I've seen small wireless keyboard with a trackpad... and small wireless devices with gaming controls... but not both in a single device. That all being said has anyone found another device similar to this? I'm still looking for a device like it and I have yet to find one. Well, I suppose it was inevitable. This is the first project I've backed that has officially been cancelled. I have been waiting patiently for Craig and his crew to uphold his end of the bargain, giving him the benefit of the doubt for countless delays given that he has actually created a working product in the ICP1. This whole fiasco has further soured my taste on kickstarter, unfortunately. I'm not sure if I'll ever back a project like this again (without an immaculate track record). Now, if any of us are lucky, we'll get a fraction of what we invested into this project back. I'm not even optimistic about seeing $10 of the $70+ I plopped down for one of these things. How utterly disappointing and frustrating. very happy we're getting a refund, highly doubt that it was Craig that made the latest update especially with the latest update saying this "First of all, we would like to apologize for the length and disarray of this Kickstarter Project over the past 12 months", hope that pompus shit rots in hell Hmmm.... No words for this. See the latest update... they're throwing in the towel. Anyone want to place bets on how much of the pledge money we see refunded? I'm tempted to wish you a severe case of butt-itching, Craig. But I believe in karma, so I don't wish anyone ill. But that would mean that I deserved to not receive my ICP2. Which is unlikely, since I'm such a nice guy. Therefore, karma doesn't exist. Well, I WISH YOU THE MOST ANNOYING BUTT-ITCHING EVER, CRAIG. Projects may fail, but how this is handled is just beyond any imagination. So I'm just going to imagine that his butt is itching real hard now. Even bad news is news, and I'd like some news. 1500TH POST HOOORAAAAYYY FOR ME words) (miscalculated the amount of the of prestige the to get decided I have The creator has left the project. Again, no updates for over an month, no photos on whatever for over one year. Will the backers ever get there rewards - or their money back? 50% of there money? Or what ever is left from the project? Is there something left or are we totally bankrupt already? The creator took $209,100 from 2,168 backers - that is all we know. I think, we will never know more - and that is it, what makes this poor story even sadder. From KICKSTARTER FAQ: "I haven't gotten my reward yet. What do I do? The first step is checking the Estimated Delivery Date on the project page. Backing a project is a lot different than simply ordering a product online, and sometimes projects are in very early stages when they are funded. If the Estimated Delivery Date has passed, check for project updates that may explain what happened. Sometimes creators hit unexpected roadblocks, or simply underestimate how much work it takes to complete a project. Creators are expected to communicate these setbacks should they happen. If the creator hasn’t posted an update, send a direct message to request more information about their progress, or post a public comment on their project asking for a status update." /sarcasm This is an example of how Craig runs his business and how he treats his customers: <url>"I preordered an OpenPandora THREE years ago and still don't know when I'll receive it. I've read the whole and absurd story over the years, and I don't care anymore. Jacquelyn said to me back in the day that my approximate queue position in the second batch were 900 - 1000. I just need an answer. How is the queue going? How much I have to wait yet? Thanks." This guy is one of literally hundreds in the same position, just like we are now. Craig ignores his questions, just like he ignores ours now. Don't be surprised if some, or all of us, end up in the same boat. S.S. Suckers. The coconut given me the shits guv Good... I don't fancy the idea of 2168 of us in a dinghy. oh and I'm sick of coconut for every meal as well I heard Craig bought a boat.. Christened the S.S.Suckers I feel like we all bought a ticket for a short cruise to a deserted island and were marooned there . Now all we can do is hope Craig returns in his dinghy to pick us up. Happy Christmas... No IControlPad 2 in our Christmas stocking, only an emptied mothballed wallet after funding a mismanaged malarky of a project. Lol. You and just about everyone else Fabio. @Maco Actually several iterations of that already exist including the iCP1. So you don't even need to go through Kickstarter to get it and you could get that or equivalent this week if that's what you wanted. Unfortunately I already HAVE an iCP1 so I don't need that. Show me a portable keyboard with a controller that attaches to my Android phone that I can play my emulators with....THEN you'll catch my interest. I want receive a refund from the project <url>"just like those who have been waiting over three years to get their Pandora order from Craig." Which is crazy because Craig still sells Pandora systems on his website. He goes out of stock quickly, but people are trading them in and he's reselling them. @Eli, I think you must have fallen asleep for a year. It was 2 months away twelve months ago ;) But seriously, the firmware isn't finished and while the boards seem to be finalized, all other parts, including the nubs are still AWOL. There's very little chance you'll be seeing your ICP2 in 2013 and at this stage I wouldn't be surprised if you're still waiting in six months time. In fact, I'm starting to believe at least some of us will never see our ICP2 ship, just like those who have been waiting over three years to get their Pandora order from Craig. They're actually not responding to any emails. They only one responding is Kickstarter, but they're of no help at all. They are not accepting address changes. I already tried. Who do we contact about address changes, or should I wait till it is closer to release. Relax everyone, it is only two months away. @Sam. You weren't just observing, you were mocking people's distress. No matter how trivial the cause, that is insulting. Your posts aren't trolling or clever, they're childish and rude. And no one is freaking out at your comments, I was simply pointing out how ridiculous and hypocritical they are. Observing that people are freaking out is not really an insult, per-se. It makes me laugh to see people freaking out at my gently trolling comments, too. :) You're a real contradiction aren't you Sam? On the one hand you bemoan anyone saying anything negative about Craig, a man who has screwed over hundreds of people (I'm talking Pandora, not the current disaster), on the the other you post insane death wish fantasies about Craig detractors on the ICP2 forums, then come here for the sole purpose of insulting people. You're a real gem . It makes me laugh to see all these people freaking out about their poor delayed controller. @Garren - At the end of a blog entry on that page it will say "XX comments". Click on the number and it will list the comments. Scroll to the bottom of the list and there will be a submit comment box. If its 'any news' you want I think either Sky News or BBC News will be the place to look. Well that's where I'd start looking anyway. the 'some news' might require you watch one of the above channels and just as you start to get interested in a news item change channel with the remote, obviously to a none news channel like 'Dave' for instance. God... I'm so bored of waiting. Some news... any news... *sob* Waiting for my Pandora wasn't as tedious as this... at least things were happening to keep us interested! -.- It's not a scam.. just badly managed. It wont be released until 2014 anyway... Hey Ryan... I checked out your link but I did not see anywhere where you could actually post? Am I missing something? So...(cough) Day 20! Woooo Hooo I got a reply from a "Jaqueline" and it's perfect...ly vague: "Hello, Please accept my sincere apologies for the very late reply. Updates are posted on the KS page as available and I am unable, at this time, to give you any further information from the last update Craig posted regarding the problem with the boards. A new update will be posted soon. Regards Jacquelyn" To which I replied : "Dear Jacquelyn. Have you seen my Kickstarter comments? I promise to post as often as I can that you are being vague and evasive and that I agree with the general consensus that you will never ship these controllers. Essentially I am agreeing with everyone else in that it looks like you have successfully defrauded all the backers. It is my sincere hope that as least those who, like myself find themselves in your quagmire of lies, will get some entertainment value. Small return for the money they gave you. For whatever good it does me I shall open a case of fraud with my credit card company and promote everyone else to do the same." It is my opinion that they have perfected the art of smoke and mirrors. Tomorrow I start the process of seeing if I can get a refund from my credit card company. Stay tuned... @Garren James Kickstarter is likely ignoring this thread, but they do monitor their own blog more often, located here: <url>"I would suggest reaching out to the creator in whatever way you think is best. At this time, the funds are in the creator's hands, not ours, so they would have to fulfill this request for you. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use: <url>#fundraising_and_commerce This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfil. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We certainly encourage creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, and communicate with backers, but we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. Thanks, Megan" I wrote to Kistarter : Hi Megan So let me see if I understand this properly. I can only expect a refund from the creator who does not even respond to me. So let me propose the following…I will post every day on the Kickstarter project that they are not responding to me reaching out with a "polite note"until they either respond, give me a product or a refund FOR GENERAL EDUCATION please note these are the 3 points I found related to refunds in the above mention agreement from Kickstarter. • Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. • Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. • Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward. I note as well that there are no deadlines ever set or imposed for a projects completion and therefore, technically speaking, the project creators can never be at default! On the 14th of October I wrote : Over the last week I have reached out, twice now, to "icontrolpad wholesale at <email>" to see if I can get any indication as to when we can expect to see these iControllers. As per Kickstarters correspondence this is apparently the only only way to get any indication of when the product will ship of even if we can ask for a refund. Note it is stated by Kickstarter that I can only expect a refund from the creator who does not even respond to me. So let me propose the following…I will post every day on this Kickstarter project that they are not responding to me reaching out with a "polite note"and until they either respond, give me a product or a refund I will post here every day. I would challenge other backers of this project to do the same and would be highly interested to see if Kickstarter steps in to assist. Bottom line, and much to my surprise, this Kickstarter platform is a dangerous mechanism to support startup projects as Kickstarter does not even offer to send a token email email to the transgressing project nor does it have any expectancy from projects to meet deadlines or even any indication of what would be a reasonable amount of time after a deadline has NOT been met to expect a refund. Sadly Kicksarter's approach is "sorry for you - you are on your own"... Stay tuned... On the 7th of October I wrote : So a bit older wiser as we once had a $10k sponsorship for Pebble which we canceled because they were doing the exact same thing and a year later we still were not seeing any product. Have since learnt a lot about the processes one goes through when manufacturing goods so I have a different perspective today. Read this article about another Kickstarter project: <url>#9 However I still feel compelled to ask : Does anyone think waiting a year for a product is an inordinately long time? Thankfully this was a much smaller investment and really just for fun as we figured this could possible be an item people would be interested in. Only problem is that 'cos we in South Africa our "small investment" was at a 14:1 exchange rate... My thinking is if anyone wanted to borrow money from you for a year with no interest and with no promise of payback in sight...at which point do you say enough is enough? Reading the posts here it appears to be the norm that whilst caution is the order of the day for a Kickstarter project there should be some kind of mechanism in place for deadlines to be met, and if not, for customers, by default, to have the choice of a refund. What say you all? As I have been posting INSIDE of an UPDATE thread I thought I would repost here as this thread obviously gets more readers... Side note, the BBB is rating Kickstarter an F. <url>"Since this was ~$10k of parts" How many test boards were made and how many were bad? I thought it was only 100 test boards made, I can't imagine each PCB costs $100. #33 - For backers only Jul 16, 2013 Tomorrow 139 comments Like Hello Everyone, Tomorrow should finally see the last of the outstanding PCB parts arrive. A part which was paid for in December, but the manufacturer 'forgot' we had paid for it, thus didn't ship it. And thus ends on of the most frustrating BoM deliveries I've ever know, and there isn't really a reason for it I can sum up easily, it just seemed that after the iCP1 went so well that the iCP2 has been cursed. I suppose with the iCP1 because we did everything quietly, behind the scenes any delays were just not exposed to customers. This is the double edged sword of KS. I know we're not the first people to say that, but it's very true. So, finally, GC will be able to populate the PCBs. This has been and is continuing to be a very stressful project. You should also probably know that Debs has had enough of the abusive emails and has resigned as of today. I really don't know how some people thought sending abusive and ultimately pointless emails would make components arrive faster. There will be an update as soon as we (finally) have the first of the mass produced populated PCBs. Thanks, Craig --------------------- TOmorrow TOmorrow ICP2 TOmorrow It's only two months away. We were promised videos of the factory production. Promised by Craig Rothwell himself... All bullish*t because none have surfaced... DON'T READ THE COMMENTS! @WaferMouse (sorry for the previous typo), I agree. ED and MWeston are going above and beyond and have no reason to come here, just to do Craig's job for him. And I also agree, nothing said here is going to change anything because it's all down to Craig and he's proven without a shadow of a doubt, he doesn't give a crap. Except that anyone reading this already knows that they haven't received their ICP2, and there's not an authority in the world that will change that or get our money back, including Kickstarter. Aside from that, venting is great if you need the group therapy. For my part, I'm annoyed that I haven't got anything yet. The main point I want to convey is that making further requests of the only people who ARE volunteering information is just unfair. @WaterMouse People have a right to vent and under the circumstances Craig is giving them plenty to vent about. The tone is the same over at Open Pandora, many angry posts about the ICP2, people pissed off they're still waiting on Craig fulfilling OpenPandora orders after years of being patient, Craig ignoring absolutely everyone. If nothing else, all this venting will serve as a warning to anyone else thinking of getting involved with Craig J V Rothwell. Ultimately, I don't think anyone providing updates on the Open Pandora forums even WANTS to post here, and can you blame them? They're doing their thing as best they can, they don't need to take on any other responsibilities. I don't think any amount of **** to anyone is going to change our position right now. This is Kickstarter, y'know? Ffs Craig, directly from the Kickstarter FAQ: Backers expect to connect with you through Kickstarter so it's best to use our tools for sending updates and messages and asking for information. Avoid asking people to sign up for another service as it's usually confusing and leads to errors. I know people are feeling a bit defeated with things around here, but please if you haven't already, contact Kickstarter Support in regards to this project since the project managers are not making proper updates. Even though Kickstarter is not solely responsible, they did take a portion of our preorder payments to support their site. At the very minimum they owe us a statement on this project page stating that they have contacted the managers in regards to making more timely updates and reminded them that they need to follow through as bound by the terms of service. That and Michael Weston needs access to this project since Craig doesn't make updates enough. Weston should not have to post on OpenPandroa, he should be able to post on here. In fact, no ICP2 posts should be on OpenPandora at all, they should all be here. I don't believe this project, if ever fully completed, will have anything to do with future Open Pandora projects. Since Link from ithic.com also created the LLC, I'd love to hear an official statement from him as well. That's probably expecting too much though. Latest little blurb from MWeston: <url>#comment-4500703 Drone controller review for anyone who's interested, *DISCLAIMER* the blog's "theme" is an (hopefully) inoffensive joke but most likely your employer or your young family or you will probably not find it funny in the slightest. <url>"other" controllers people are talking about that have the same functionality as the icp2 (if/when it finally exists)? @jake. Thanks man...it's good to know others are out there. Crazy thing is that I have remained silent up until now...and VERY patient. I'm not one to whine, ****, and moan or call people out in a rude manner....I have a life. But I feel crapped on here....I mean with all the info i have from this fiasco I think us as the consumer should of had this controller A LONG time ago. Who buys a brand new TV 12 months ago and has yet to open it up and use it?! US....THAT'S WHO!! At least if wont become obsolete but the time we get to use it....or will it:( I ordered this controller ready for when I retire. So for me it is still on track to be delivered just in time.... I'm 22 Just for fun, I thought I'd add a suggestion for next update. How about a 3d printed icontropad2 in chocolate? Wasn't Craig playing around with that? It could be helpful in pointing out flaws in the design, wouldn't require 3d printed chocolate LEDs, would be tasty in the end, and we might actually get a photo. Joking and venting at the same time, to help feel slightly at peace with whatever happens to my $87 now... @Sean I feel the pain, like so many of us. This is my first kickstarter project too. I wasn't overly concerned with the delays at first, since I planned to use the icontrolpad2 more when I get a new phone in October of THIS year...figured that was plenty of time to get past the original delays. Guess I was wrong. And it is annoying to see all the other controllers out there now, including kickstarter ones, that at least have more solid updates. I'm sooooo tired of waiting for this controller:( this is my first complaint/post....I feel I have been extremely patient and nothing but weak updates and well....that's it. I wish there was an easy way to get a refund for this product.....I'm so over it! What a mess this he been....my first kickstarter funded project and it's been a bad experience...sad really. @ Craig : Got a link for these designs, I'm still looking for an iCP2 alternative with keyboard & Full Game Controls. No September update? Come on, not even a bit of ol' shuckin' 'n' jivin' for ol' times' sake? @Scott Yes, it was. Last year you couldn't run a project without being in the US, so Craig had his friend "Link" of ithic.com open the LLC in Winooski, VT. After they got the money, they sent it to Craig and shut it down. When I say sent to Craig, it may also be sitting in some of the fulfillment companies. Ithic.com is the fulfillment company for North American orders. GBAX (Craig's company) handles the rest. Kickstarter won't follow up with them either, we are totally on our own. Yet Kickstarter received a portion of the money for hosting the project here. I'm still going to support projects, I'm just not going to support Kickstarter. I will support at the lowest amount possible ($1) and then join the product forum for backers outside of Kickstarter like the managers often create. I'll fully support them that way. I have much better recourse when I'm dealing with one person, instead of 3 (Kickstarter, Craig, Amazon payments). IControlPad 2 is dead in the water. There are now other designs popping up which are more innovative... A year waiting and nothing... No IControlPad 2 for Christmas either. Additional thoughts on this ....what does Winooski, Vermont have to do with this "location" if this guy's in England? Is that to skirt the kickstarter process? I have been emailing this "company" since July seeking a refund and no one has answered. I waited a month, and emailed again in August, then waited, and emailed again a month later in September. Now here we are pushing October. What kind of business is allowed to get away with this. It's theft pure and simple. This product was to be released in November of 2012. That date has since lapsed. I am currently checking with some legal eyes to see if anything can be done. I really wanted this item, but have since bought an item that does exactly what this would have. As part of any kickstarter campaign the rules are simple - Keep communication between your backers and product open. Post updates, and if there is a chance you may not get your product out to people in a reasonable time frame - make whatever means necessary to have happy customers. UP TO AND INCLUDING full refunds, when target dates slip or can't be met. Paul Young: 'The heck does that have to do with anything? That's not just another of the already incalculable supply of wireless game controllers out there without keyboards, that is a proprietary system controller. Why do people keep mentioning these things here? And technology marches ahead without the iControlPad... <url>"The boards arrived yesterday and the box was pretty smashed but the bubble wrap inside protected what needed to be saved. I powered a couple up and their bootloaders worked. I flashed my code and some test apps into them and they run but the RGB LEDs didn't light up. It appears they were not soldered correctly. Since they are 1mm square parts (which will require me to use a microscope to determine where pin 1 ended up), they are obviously rotated incorrectly which means I will still be using my original prototype for testing the lights and the new boards for everything else. The assembler will be able to rotate them pretty easily with the right tools but I won't be trying it on my own. They were challenging to hand solder on my prototype as it was; forget having to remove them and then re-attaching! The 100 that were built, minus however many were lost in the mail, minus the five that I have here will be fixed once I go through everything else and give the go ahead. The remaining 2100 or whatever will be done correctly the first time around. This particular problem is not a new source of delay." No word from Craig on the other components. Hey! I'd like an update, please and thank you. The Facebook page is there more as a stub for those who search for icontrolpanel in Facebook. Having additional followers/likes raises it in the search results. It serves the purpose for the masses who search it's name to be told to stay away from the project at all costs. by thime we got our product it will be out of date It seems the only way to get updates on this project is to go to a forum about a completely different project? Craig is likely scared off at this point, and luckily those around this project are still working hard to make this happen, but the core issue many are having is they think they are being cheated. ALL WE NEED ARE UPDATES. I don't care if it is "boards are being tested" with a grainy cell phone pic, just something to keep us in the loop ( not even going so far as to "document the whole thing" as promised). I ,of course, would prefer a full "here is where we are with each part" update but we have been lied to time and again with regards to what has and has not been done so it would likely be futile. Again, just some quick updates are all that are needed to quell the naysayers. <url>| V More people need to back this Facebook page: <url>#23. Craig said this in his update: "As suspected the battery company have delayed delivery until the 20th now (Christmas supply delays apparently...) so the backlit keyboard was the right move to make as we have lost no time at all in doing it as the batteries would have been late either way. Everything else has arrived, so PCB production can begin soon, which will make for exciting photos." Whether you support Craig or Not.. this was a lie and there is no way you can say it was not. Everything else had NOT arrived. At that point in time there were numerous things missing. Happy Birthday You just got Craig'ed A year later and barely or no photos at all on anything. No photos on even a prototype or first build. This has to be by far the worst kickstarter I ever backed. No cases, no nubs, no phone mount, no LEDs, just a PCB and 150 present production PCBs for testing.... AND ALMOST A YEAR HAS PASSED. WAIT FOR NEXT STATUS UPDATE FOR MORE EXCUSES !!! This page may have a bit more exposure since I mentioned it on the Kickstarter blog. Specifically here: <url>"hey look at this project (link to it)" that was all it was.. So basically kickstarter is being a b1tch and siding with Craig over Ravi? I don't see why they had to delete his comment unless Craig report him? WTF. Heh... I noticed ravi's comment got deleted by Kickstarter themselves.. I then remembered it was promoting another kickstarter project which is probably why it was. I can only imagine more people opening cases with their credit card company in the future, unless craig starts posting actual progress Case is now officially opened up through my credit card company as well. One year later and Craig has yet to provided a single thing he said he would when trying to secure backers. Anyone that thinks it takes this long to obtain these types of parts in todays market is kidding themselves. My Pebble watch took less time to get to my doorstep from the end of the campaign and it was a much larger scale project. I still believe in Kickstarter, as I have backed many projects with great results from honest people that truly keep people informed throughout the process. This one is just a scam anyway you paint it. The lesson I have learned is to do some homework on the creator. His history on other projects would have been a red flag had I done my research. Sorry it didn't work out and I wish those of you patiently waiting luck. Common name? <url>"Thanks to new overlay software, you can map the iControlPad2 controls and keys to screen presses in iOS or Android" Is that still happening, or do we just have to spend more money on a third party solution? What's the keyboard layout? On the bright side, if we do eventually get our controllers, we'll all have an amusing story about the insane wait and shady updates circling the project - it's the Duke Nukem Forever of controllers. @ Tenka : AFAIK there are no other portable Bluetooth controllers with full gaming controls & a keyboard. That's one thing that makes the wait a little easier for me. Let's hope this is still the case when iCP2 is finally released as its unique feature set should hopefully lead to good sales. @ maco : Looks like a nice bit of kit, though a little steep for my tastes at $80 + delivery. Good to see they have open sourced the firmware though. I hope the testing of the first 100 icp2 boards is going well. I am not satisfied with the ICP2 as it is. I bought it because it is the closest to what would satisfy me, or the closest that I know of. I know many alternate buys have been linked to here in the past, but do any of you know if there is another game controller with a keyboard, but with four shoulder buttons instead of just two? I think that's a pretty broad search, so it might be possible. But there are thousands of those. It's a real, tangible wireless controller you can actually order now. That put's it head and shoulders above the ICP2 as it currently stands. To maco, my first thought is, it only has four game buttons. My next thought was at least it has four shoulder buttons. Otherwise, big whoop, it's a wireless controller. It does look comfortable to hold though. Have people seen this, and what's your thoughts on it? <url>#entry265479 <url>#entry265585 ED forced him to give exact figures, which (once he was able to finally confirm them, years later) turned out to be wrong. Usually Craig won't give exact figures, so he's protected from accusations of not telling the truth. Some quotes relating to iCP2 (none of these are "official", but in case anybody's interested...): <url>"In my opinion, Craig knew from the very beginning the iCP2 couldn't be delivered in time. That, or he is just plain dumb, which I certainly don't think. My personal realistic guess when Kickstarter was finished for the original (non-LEDed) iCP2 was April / May. Based on my experience, Craig rather promises stuff people want to hear (unrealistic delivery dates, etc.) to get higher sales than make realistic details and lose sales with that. True, in the end, he'd have more sales as not so many will ask for a refund... This is exactly what I don't like and why I would never start another project with him. That's why decided to NOT be in the iCP2 team from the start as well." @ESN "In short, I would trust ED's unofficial updates over Craig's official ones any day. (not that Craig will lie, not really lie... he'll just leave out details and be deliberately vague)" Craig would and has lied. He told some massive lies to ED and I have little doubt he's lied in this Kickstarter. As Paradiso noted, still no nubs (ED had to provide those in the photo), no cases, no clamps and no word whatsoever from Craig on when we can expect any of it. We're still a long way off. @Ryan Lucas "Until then, any info over at the openpandora forum is an unofficial update. It's not something I would expect to fully rely upon." It's certainly an unofficial update, however: I've been in the community with ED for around a decade (since the GP32 days) and in all that time he's been absolutely reliable and trustworthy. If he says something, you can trust that there's no weaseling around or hidden details, and he treats people with respect. In short, I would trust ED's unofficial updates over Craig's official ones any day. (not that Craig will lie, not really lie... he'll just leave out details and be deliberately vague) a "leaked" update, thats what we've come to. thnx (no sarcasm) Production has not started because 100 hundred were produced just to have a test run to check if they are alright.. Some are being sent to M Weston/Craig to check if they are ok.. if they are the run can continue.. if not they have to adjust whatever is wrong and probably do another test run. I would hope if they are ok.. some of the boards could go to people who ordered the per-release version. Currently..... the cases, the nubs and the clamp are all missing in action. But it was the LEDs that were holding it up i'm just hoping case production has started, I would like to have my icp2 this year. However I opted to wait for the phone clamp so Im worried. Craig doesn't even update the backers with GOOD NEWS.... so many things I could say I have hope! I.... want to believe! x3 <url>"The first 100 iCP2 have arrived here and will be shipped partly to Craig and MWeston for further testing." There's a picture as well. <url>"Evil Dragon"\ED wants to start giving real regular updates with photos and try to save this project, they should contact someone on staff and take over this page. Until then, any info over at the openpandora forum is an unofficial update. It's not something I would expect to fully rely upon. Since my emails are still going unanswered, I'm moving forward. There's other names on that project page, not just Craig's. They chose to associate themselves with this project, and since they haven't spoken out on this page, they may also be liable. Maybe we need to start contacting them directly for official updates and refunds, since we aren't getting them here. There's two listed Michael Weston's in Vermont. I'm not posting numbers, you can get those by searching for them at <url>"update 33" page. Whom would we sue? What is Craig's last name and what address? I find it hard to believe that a project that is 300% overfunded cannot get anything done. There are statutes of limitation to claim: anywhere from 1 to 3 years depending upon the local law. If I were having a scam funded as is being proposed, I would wait for the 1 year statute which is coming up in a few months. What happened to the comment I left a few hours ago? Is someone editing these comments? Contact Jacquelyn [icontrolpad(at)gmail(.)com] to request a refund. I have done so, but was told that "We are not able to issue any refunds at the moment as the money we raised is currently tied up in production costs." I find this entirely unacceptable, and have persisted to try and get a refund processed as soon as possible. They are saying that I can only begin to have my refund processed ONCE UNITS BEGIN shipping - and we all know when /that/ is going to happen. Refunds? Guys, I don't you quite 'get' kickstarter… funding a project is always a bit of a punt… that's what makes it exciting! I really hope I one day get my iCP2, but if I don't, I'll chalk it up to experience. Gbax.com has a trade up program. I emailed them to see if they would be interested in my icp2 preorder. Iol Amazon won't process refunds because too much time has passed. Their limit is about 2 months. I wanted to make sure that a charge back didn't effect my Amazon account status. I use it for more then just Kickstarter. @Denial Not bloody likely! :) @Ryan I suspect Amazon are simply washing their hands of it by telling you to go to your credit card company. You don't need their approval to do so and they could refund you directly if they wanted. Unless there are some details you're omitting? I'd certainly be interested if that's the case. The 1300th comment could be yours Craig! Do you have instructions on how to ask for a refund?! @Ryan you really must have far more time to waste than most people, especially over a relatively small ammount. Hey guys, I'm happy to wait for a refund, but how do I go about requesting one? My need for the device doesn't exist now as I have a few other options. @ryan what do you mean amazon has given you the go ahead to proceed with a claim from the credit card company? If I had known about his unshipped queue Pandora orders, I wouldn't have backed this project. That fiscal alone should show enough evidence of fraudulence. Then those "responsible" people can return my emails and refund my money. Until then, I've been given the go ahead from Amazon Payments to proceed with a claim through my credit card company. @Ryan Even if Craig had run off with the money you'd still have no recourse. But he hasn't. He's useless and dishonest but I see no evidence he's actually a thief or a fraudster. As the two below have said, the money is in the hands of responsible people. Waiting for an eventual refund or waiting for an eventual delivery are your only two options. Though feel free to berate Craig about his fantastic communication and project management skills in the mean time. Yeah.. the money is actually in the hands of responsible people :) @ Ryan : Still very interested in any evidence you have of fraud relating to the iCP2 project. As we speak 100 PCBs are being populated for testing. Seems like a curious thing for a fraudster to do, it also suggests that the speculation that the project has run out of money is baseless. <url>"Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. It is the responsibility of the project creator to complete their project as promised, and the claims of this project are theirs alone." That wasn't on their payment page last year when I pledged. Interesting. @ C & Boone : From the FAQ : Q) Does the 'raw' version come with the phone holder? A) Yes, we will include it. @Boone, The parts are not all in. They're still waiting on the controller nubs. For some reason Craig doesn't seem keen to mention this. Perhaps because it was solely his responsibility and he can't blame anyone else. As for the flip holder, given we've neither seen nor heard a single scrap of information about them in seven months, despite repeated asking, I'd guess they're still a work in progress. C it was stated that the raw included a flip holder, I will be very displeased if that is not the case. Really hope that now that parts are in, that the project can get moving. C, I think it was mentioned way back (if you go back in the comments to before the end of the funding period) that the "raw" version does have the flip holder, he just forgot to put it in the description and couldn't change it afterwards. Will do, thanks for the email It's probably lost in the backlog of emails C. I already contacted them to see if I could change the name & address on my paid backer status, but never received a response. Skip Kickstarter altogether and email them direct, I'll likely need to do that next. <email> I sent this question via the kickstarter "contact me" link a while back, with no response, so I'm not sure if it got lost in the sea of complaints, but maybe someone here will know... I am concerned that the ICP2 level I pledged for ($69 + shipping) might not come with the flip holder, and I was trying to get some clarification if it does or not. When I decided to support this project I chose the "raw" device, since I didn't care if it was packaged or have a need for *another* usb cord and those are the two things the description says it comes without. However, sometime later I saw that the boxed $75 level specifically mentions that it comes with the clip, so that lead to some ambiguity over what comes with which version. That's pathetic. Nubs Nubs Nubs Silicon To The Factory The Best Stuff Just Wait And See Gonna Be Better Than Test Batch 3 It's Easy All You Need Is Nubs lala la lala Nubs Is All You Need They Try To Fix The Failing Parts Box Them And Set Them On Carts The Last Piece To Make Production Start It's wh*#+eas---eey They PAck And Send Them Cross The Sea Pandoras Just For You And Me RetroGames: We Set Them Free From Wires...From Wires also.. this is a song about nubs by the open pandora people. <url>"Terms of Service" is. The whole point is to state what the terms are, anything not mentioned cannot be added later. So if the open-ended clause is not in the terms of service, it cannot be added later. If Craig said in the beginning "Estimated project fulfillment is November 2012, unless we really screw things up, then it could take months/years to fulfill" then we would have no recourse obviously. Craig is not using the money to fund a Pandora 2. But if he were that would be very very cool. <url>"• If the project is a success we will document the ENTIRE production process on film - with regular video updates and visits to factories - see how we bring a product to life - ordering parts, negotiations, product assembly - everything - so if you have always wondered how it's done, or fancy making something yourself in the future, you will see how we do it." THIS where the hell is this?! i dont see how craig is supposed to expect respect from backers when he shows piss poor respect back also wheres the damm behind the scenes documentary? let see some rough cuts of THAT at least for christ sake, that would also go a long way easing the frustration. all we wanted was some more transparency with the process (cause rumor is that Craig was using this money to fund a pandora 2 or to finish off the pandora orders or that he was buying a 3d printer with some of it) when you are funding a project with the public's money, its damm well fucking expected you better have answers to questions and be as transparent as possible. the "self entitled" insult to kickstarter backers is the stupidest fucking thing ever. as we are essentially "stockholders/shareholders" for the project. we paid good money to fund the project, just look at how the devs of this project are in the comments section pretty frequently, this would have gone a long way for icontrolpad2 <url>"It almost amazes me how self-centered, self-entitled, and selfish some people here are. First off, the decision to add LED backlighting was decided by the backer community, not by Product 3. So, if you want anyone to blame for the delay, blame yourself and the rest of the backers. This was beyond the original scope of the project, and was to make it a better product overall. Second, when you're waiting on parts from a supplier, that's all you can do: WAIT. Getting angry, throwing an temper tantrum, and making threats doesn't help. I know society has fostered that kind of selfish attitude (yell loud enough and you'll eventually get your way), but that isn't how it works in the real world. In the business world. Where there are circumstances out of your control, all you can do is wait. And for the people who want more communication... what do you expect them to do? Post every day about how "we have no new information to report!" If they're waiting, we're waiting. Reiterating that won't speed up the process, either. Even if they continuously pester the supplier, that isn't going to help, either. Yeah, it sucks having to wait so long after the original estimated delivery date, but crap happens. That's life. Learn to deal with it, and the fact that you don't always get things the way you want them to be. No, I am not "kissing ass"; I'm just an adult who knows how to be patient. Not a selfish child (or manchild) who thinks everything should be done immediately because I said so. All I can say, the sooner you learn to have some patience, the easier your life will be. Stop thinking the world revolves around yourself." Actually you're the person who flung abuse at debs. For the love of monkeys it is not a scam.... Bullsh*t story by Craig the Creator of ICP2 SCAM; --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Tomorrow should finally see the last of the outstanding PCB parts arrive. A part which was paid for in December, but the manufacturer 'forgot' we had paid for it, thus didn't ship it. And thus ends on of the most frustrating BoM deliveries I've ever know, and there isn't really a reason for it I can sum up easily, it just seemed that after the iCP1 went so well that the iCP2 has been cursed. I suppose with the iCP1 because we did everything quietly, behind the scenes any delays were just not exposed to customers. This is the double edged sword of KS. I know we're not the first people to say that, but it's very true. So, finally, GC will be able to populate the PCBs. This has been and is continuing to be a very stressful project. You should also probably know that Debs has had enough of the abusive emails and has resigned as of today. I really don't know how some people thought sending abusive and ultimately pointless emails would make components arrive faster. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Pointless EMAILS FROM YOUR INVESTORS, No Craig that is how business is ran, you have to answer to those who made this possible for your project to FUND. 1.)Lets see some documentation, photos, proof this project is moving forward??? 2.)What the Fuk happen to LED story??? 3.) Craig talks about the manufacture forgot he paid back in December, what the fuk has Craig been doing since December not to follow up on this crucial part of production ??? Debs quit because Craig's a fuking fraud, He only posted a update do to Ryan a investor and a cool dude who saw Craig for what he is, called him out and then the rest of us did the same. Sad to see people backing Craig up when lots of others and myself can clearly see that Craig is a scam artist, guess those who believe in Craig here on KS are just hoping to get sumtin from the scammer. I'm not so hopeful, no pictures of current production just a bunch of gibberish bullsh*t. Craig says ICP1 was a success, No, Craig it was SH*T that's why people sent them back and you decided to do the ICP2. I'd respect you a little Craig if you just came out and said you saw KS as a way to Fuk a lot of investors with no possible legal recourse. Will see if you are a man of your word or if your the sh*t bag I believe you are Craig, UK TRASH... @ Ryan Lucas : can you point to any hostile post made on the Pandora forums after you created your facebook page? All I could see was fair warning that you were making a baseless accusation that could get you in a bit of legal trouble. And sage advice to get a grip on reality if you believe that the FBI would be interested in the lack of concrete progress updates relating to the iCP2 project. when craig sucks a communication, he goes and blames debs....you really are an asshole. Wow Craig.. *insert slow clap* Hello, calmly waiting Mum from the uk....I backed this as a gift for my son. I have explained that christmas has now passed and his birthday, so it will now be a christmas gift again. But I not received the original one, should I have received it by now as that one was for me??? Am I the only one who finds it rather sad that Craig is blaming is for Deb resigning when the whole problem was a huge lack of communication which caused people to get upset in the first place? If Craig had been more forthcoming with information, people would have been more understanding. The reason they aren't, is because this project has been delayed time and time again with barely any explanation why. wth? Is Craig playing around with us?! Why the hell can't he give us transparent and regularly Updates? Instead of beeing transparent he only complains about how bad the project is. Come on craig! It's his job to calm the backers down. I'm sorry for debs but I see the biggest problem in Craig and his reaaaallly bad communication. What does he think the backers gonna do? Cheer him up? Of course we are going to complain. I backed many many things that had delays (practically everything) and in terms of communication, THIS is the worst project of all! It makes me angry because I trusted Craig and he looked very confident and trustworthy in his videos. I have no problem with the delay. If you back something on Kickstarter in 99% the time it will get delayed. Thats normal. I only complain about him beeing so untransparent. Shame on you all for acting like entitled brats. Hopefully I have the pleasure of never encountering you in real life. If parts have really been ordered, this is no scam, and refunds are impractical in the short term (i.e. until and if ever further sales result in positive cash flow). If I had to be completely honest, i'd say the guys who just couldn't keep it in themselves and went on to lambast an email address that just happened to have a person reading and responding - a real-life person who just cannot deal with so much shit thrown at her, especially since none of this was her fault. Please stop acting like children. New update pins us against debs. He hid himself behind her, whose the one at fault? Until proven wrong, with no run around, full details that parts were indeed ordered when it was said they were, and an official update from someone in charge, I'm going with this project is a scam. Meaning I will continue to pursue my refund and contact all proper authorities. Anyone claiming there's no proof of a scam can read Craigs forum comment, which he has not explained. There can be a whole case formed on that comment alone. At this point there will likely be one. If there was evidence that there was 0 progress you would probably have a case. The evidence is that progess is (very slowly) being made.. sadly due to Craig's horrible communication.. no one really knows where that is exactly.. it's only because of others who have very minor roles in the iCP2 that we can have a vague answer of where we are. Read all the topics on the icp2 forum... you will get most information there. So I need to go to ithic llc for my refund then? If the answer is no, then I'm back to where I was before. Direct me to verbiage in the kickstarter page where it says absolutely no refunds. It doesn't matter who has my money and where it is, or however long it will take. What matters is its taking an unreasonable amount of time and the manager left, sticking everyone else with the slack. I'm a customer /consumer /investor. Those managing this business can handle the specifics. If there's special circumstances they were supposed to be spelled out before we agreed to financially back the project. The rules don't get changed as you go. Whomever is in contract/working with Craig is responsible because they chose to enter an agreement with him. Maybe kickstarter needs to start requiring a class in business ethics before allowing new projects. I'm also contacting Amazon. I've demanded a refund now, I'll give them a week for responding and after that I'll go via Amazon Payments asking for a refund over there - those 100 bucks I could've used so, so much better in the meantime. According to EvilDragon on the openpandora forums: "Well, I know the Bluetooth modules are now on the way to Global Components, Germany. So PCB production can start soon, though I don't know when the nubs will arrive (Craig hasn't told me anything about them)." "I don't know if the LEDs have arrived at GC yet, I haven't asked them. I didn't see a reason to ask, because if there are still parts like the BT modules missing, production couldn't start anyways." EvilDragon isn't part of the icp2 team.. he's just acting as a kind of middle man because He's German and hence can speak German to the German company that is going to make the PCB. The sad truth is Craig has failed to mention in any update that Bluetooth and Nubs havn't arrived either. Soo...it's been over a month since the last update. Any news? Have the LED's arrived? I just got 14 emails from Deb regarding my refund.... so that means I'll get 14 refunds right? Ryan People on the Pandora Forum aren't "defending" him they are just being realistic. Whatever you may think iCP2 is not a scam. There is no evidence of it being a scam. Also if you really really look there is tons of criticism of Craig on the forum. I do not like Craig, He is dishonest.. but children can be dishonest it doesn't make them scammers.. Also if you look back on here on Kickstarter "Link" who created the LLC for Craig said exactly what happened with the money. Quote: "Product 3 LLC's mission was to disburse funds to all appropriate parties for the design, manufacture, and fulfillment of this project. That happened before the end of 2012, so the business when it began was temporary, there was no need to stay operating for another year. My other company is Ithic.com LLC, and that company has a fulfillment obligation to this project for orders shipping within North America. Ithic.com LLC is in business and prepared to ship 1000+ orders throughout North America. Craig will handle shipping everywhere else." I figure as much, but I need to contact the appropriate parties before I proceed further. I haven't sought out personal contact info for the other project workers, but debs is speaking on their behalf. I'm giving it until tomorrow evening (cst timezone here). Then I need to proceed. @Ryan Craig doesn't read PMs to him on the OpenPandora forum. I've sent him several and he hasn't opened a single one. At this point Craig doesn't deserve a single cent of my money, I'm pushing ahead with a refund. If you are sick of debs formletter excuse for no refunds (it's literally a copy/paste) you can contact Craig directly on the OpenPandora forum. His username is craigix. Note however that the attitude over there seems to be apathetic, actually defending him, or in my case hostile because I made that Facebook page. What makes it difficult is that Craig is in the UK and the people who took our money here in the US are stepping back and not participating in the dialog. @ Paradiso, I thiink you will be waiting longer than actually getting the ICP2 seeing since refunds will only happen after fulfillment to backers. At least that's what a comment someone posted from them said. Don't hold your breath. I'm going to try for a refund. I have not yet contacted anyone from the Open Pandora forum in regards to Craig. I'm sure some of the folks over there might be getting a little nervous about the Pandora name being mentioned with this situation. As I understand it, this has nothing to do with the Pandora system except that since Craig was involved in the development, he used cash from this project to bail out some of his obligations. While working with Craig, others involved are likely not responsible for his actions. If someone over there is reading this and wishes to make a statement on the matter, contact via the Facebook page and it will be posted for the backers to read. Not proof as in receipts or bank account statements, but he does say in a forum that "Inevitably some of the money from GBAX will go towards the Pandora, as did money from the iCP1 and iCP2. It is a way to continue development in general, new projects included. It's likely the P2 (if it ever happens etc.) will just appear ready to order BTW, there isn't a need for a KS at this point, the iCP2 has let us do what we needed to do." He means Pandora 2 when he says P2. I think GBAX.com is owned by Craig if I'm not mistaken. Debs says this is not what he means, but notice his words are in past tense. It violates Kickstarter TOS but since they are considered a 3rd party, they claim that it is between us and him/his company. They won't force him to do anything. It does say he has to provide the backer item, or refund us if it cannot be provided. His "providing" is very open ended. He might say oh it can take a few extra months, but it could be years. What is a suitable amount of time to wait? Pandora owners, don't answer that. Does proof exist that he did, in fact, channel kickstarter funds to something other than the icp2 project? That's got to be against kickstarters ToS. I just want him to have open, honest communication but it's becoming apparent he is not capable of that. The fact that part of icp2 funds went to his Pandora problems and now he refuses to man up, answer questions, or post some design process videos as promised has me pissed. People would be more understanding if he were upfront, honest,and answered questions. Now people are asking for proof he even ordered the led lights, which of course hasn't been provided. Hell we haven't had a real update for over a month. The last update was a boo boo, woe is me, making this already fully designed controller is so hard even though he should have experience with these things from both the Pandora and icp1. Any questions after that update were ignored, including my request to see some of the footage he claimed he had. Add to that the fact he has the balls to sell rock bottom Pandora consoles without offering them to outstanding preorders or even giving evil Dragon some cash to make up for all the help Dragon has done and this situation is going to guarantee Craig's reputation is in the toilet, and not only will people not support his future projects, but even in his professional life, when an employer or loan agent looks up his name online and sees this mess he refuses to fix, they will question to assist him. Craig, man up, give us honest answers and the proof you ordered parts, the footage of the process of creating the icp2 as promised, or this community will make you a pariah. I'm not pissed about not having my icp2 yet, I'm pissed that this guy cowers and hides instead of fulfilling his commitments and answering questions head on. If you want to make a bad online reputation for his name you need to do reverse ORM. 1 more comment till 1200 :D Ben, when I contacted them, I even said I was willing to take iCP1 units totaling my backer amount but was told that was not feasible either. So they don't seem to be willing to work with us. I do hope that this is solved in a timely matter. This is not the way you run an honest business. Watch Craig tell us all about how to run a successful Kickstarter. <url>"Don't Give Up!". We should all take that to heart when we continue to demand our refunds. Due to the unfortunate circumstances surrounding this project, the lack of communication, and the non-refunding of my money by the project managers, I have decided that more people need to know what is occurring here, outside of the scope of Kickstarter. Please visit my Facebook page telling my story. Feel free to add your own comments and related information/links. Once Product 3 LLC refunds my $87, I'll remove the page. <url>"they"/"them" It really just is Craig.. M Weston was/is just hired by Craig to make the circuit board/firmware... which is done. Link helped out in just making the LLC which was required at the time to create the kickstarter and then just delivered the funds to Craig.. which is done. Debs is just a volunteer than answers some emails.. not sure how she knows Craig.. but she has 0 influence as far as I know. Craig is the only one who is responsible... he does use the word "we" a lot.. when there really is no "we" as far as I am concerned. I think it's clear that they started this project with the intent of taking the money and using it to bail themselves out of the Pandora mess (many orders never shipped). There hope was it would cover that and money coming in from elsewhere would then cover the iControlPad 2 production. That has not bared out and so they are left making excuses and LIES to cover up what is a scam. And unless something changes, I will be convinced that this unethical business practice is what has taken place here. We will probably NEVER see this product! Yep, this is a joke. Another month and no update. When one comes it will be more "Can't get the LED's" BS. Which is an utter lie at this point. If you worked for me and you sat on an order for LED's for this long without doing anything substantial, you would be fired. 9 months late to get some LED's? Shameful. If we were not being lied to then there would be more updates. Are they really only following up on this order once a month? What a insult. I'm just glad I 1) Only pledged the pretty much bare minimum. Having $87 disappear for a year sucks, but people who pledged $100+ really have my sympathies. 2) Already got an ICP1 ages ago. The only reason I'm not seriously pissed about this piss-poor management by Craig is that I already have a great controller to play GTA or whatever on and ICP2 would just be a nice improvement. Either way, I've given up on seeing the ICP2 for the foreseeable future and been taught a lesson by Craig about trusting anyone. If it materialises in the next year, great. If Craig has already blown all the money and is just buying time trying to keep that a secret, I'm disgusted. Well looks like I have to just live with this as a bad investment. No point asking anymore. this really is unbelievable. Delivery estimate Oct. 2012. HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH This is freaking ridiculous, no update again in about two months. What are these guys doing, in my last post I even said that apple will probably come out with a controller by the time this project is done if ever and now they have a dev kit for a new controller device for iOS. Even if the product comes to fruition can you imagine the support on firmware we are going to get. This was a huge waste of money and time. The product is not going to be worth squat in two months when apple unveils the new iPhone with the iControler and makes a run for the game market, every other player both apple and android will have their own controller in 4 months time. WHAT A DAM SHAME, this would have been a great product a year ago now its just another controller that may or may not work well. @REXROAD I have no respect whatsoever for Craig at this point but there's absolutely no need for that kind of abuse, scam or not. And for what it's worth, I don't think this is a scam. There's plenty of dishonesty for sure, and Craig's handling of the Kickstarter funds may well be fraudulent but ultimately there is a product which Craig intends to deliver. When he does, or if he does is another story. It's been a week now since I contacted Product 3 LLC and there's still no update. I guess Craig is happy to put Debs in the firing line and shaft her too. What a gentleman. He seems to have completely vanished since the last update, a month ago. There's no sign of him on the Pandora forums, twitter, here, nothing. To be honest, I'm starting to lose interest in the ICP2. The product is quickly becoming overshadowed by Craig's ridiculous and childish behaviour. It is not a scam... Craig maybe many things but he is not a scam artist... he may not be honest.. but how many scam artists make their home address known. I'd have to look it up... and it's on the Pandora forums if you REALLY want it... but you could theoretically just go to his home and ask him yourself. Craig, debs or who ever runs this nigerian scam like business needs to answer to its backers not just post updates that sound like their dog just died. I'm not the only one that feels this way. I bank roll smaller products and get responses every time a question is asked, poor communication in a business usually means sumtin ain't right with the people running the business. Will see if I'm right when we get the next sad update. No response means scam my friend, trust me, been burned before here on kickstarter. Mike step the fuk up and give us a response ASAP. @RexRoad. It's not a scam. It's just badly organised. And I have no idea why you are flinging abuse at Debs for... she just answers e-mails with information she has... Michael Weston is just hired by Craig to design the board and firmware apart from that he has no other responsibility. Maybe Michael Weston isn't here because he received a burn notice. Another fuking scam here on kickstarter; reminds me of Eyez™ by ZionEyez HD Video Recording Glasses for Facebook. Praying for mike to catch AIDS. Deb you are a **** and should throw yourself off a cliff b*tch. 175 days till 2014!! :D I bet you hear nothing for another 2 weeks. When the update does come, it will be more of the same, lots of downer talk, no real photos or video, and will be written by Debs claiming to be "Craig". Craig has likely been done with this project for months. He's non-existent, just like this "emergency contingency fund". He burned both ends of the candle so to speak and there's not enough money left to refund all the backers. Well, I made the effort to make contact via Kickstarter and got a reply from Debs who agreed a full update was needed, assured me that Craig would see my message and that they'd get onto it. That was four days ago. To be fair, there is a weekend in there but it shouldn't take more than a few minutes to answer questions Craig should already have the answers to. I'm curious to see how long it will take to hear something. Or if we'll hear anything at all. Even if the LEDs turn up today and the mysterious swivel clamps are actually ready we're still at least two months away from seeing these shipped. Which will put us right around the anniversary date of the launch of this project. Still, we have it better than those still waiting on a Pandora from Craig after four years. this reminds me of the time in my first job that I got sent to a builders merchant for a long weight. I like lamp Come gather young backers it's about time ye learned about a hero named Send in the clowns - Those daffy-laffy clowns Send in those soulful and doleful schmotes by the bowlful clowns. Send in the clowns.... THEY'RE ALREADY HERE *2168 of them* Well, this is awkward. A controller that is a little bit bigger, with more buttons, and is fully Bluetooth compatible will be sold in conjunction with a full dual-core Android TV Box from Archos called the "Archos TV Connect" and it's already available in Europe, probably will be sold soon to the US crowd as well. Aside from having no LED, this thing is more rounded and looks a bit more comfortable to use. I've been waiting for the iControlPad 2 like everyone else and I've been trying very hard to be patient, but this controller doesn't feel like it's coming out in the next few months, if at all. So, naturally, I'm looking into possible alternatives while I wait. <url>#at=256 I don't think he is reading this... any sane person would have responded to things by now rather than ignore them. Craig, I know you`re reading this. Screw the LEDs. finish the product and deliver - this is the best choice right now, given the situation. And give us a friggin update - estimated time of production end included. Well, class action lawsuit is not going to work here. Why? Simple - as the States law you can sue Product 3 LLC, which is Link not Craig and that "company" was just a middle man here. You will hurt Link and at that point he will require to take an action against Craig to cover all his loses. So to sue Craig you will require Link to be involved in that as well to get an attorney in UE/England. As far I know it was worthless to do in Open Pandora case so it will be same here and Craig knows that, so he is not scared. There's nothing forcing Craig to "grow a pair" as you state. Without repercussions, we get into these type of problems. I figure this way, there's many ways to get the ball rolling here. I've contacted the creator, and their email rep fed me a line of bs, as I'm sure she did many of you. I can sit idle and make excuses forever, or I can do something about it. I'm proceeding with the second. I think if Craig or someone from the development team does not post a scan of the invoice for the LED order, there exists the possibility that the order was never placed to begin with. The staff can read this and chime in at any time. The fact that they don't, and that there's no transparency, shows us that the creator has no intentions to deliver us a product. If there's development problems, I want to see photos and video. We deserve at least that much. @AMT Other than Craig's claim the ICP2 was ready to manufacture there's no evidence to suggest it actually was. There are plenty of delays not related to the LEDs which suggests they weren't ready at all. As for "you guys" deciding we wanted LEDs, I didn't and said as much at the time. As did others. There was no actual vote, Craig made that terrible decision all by himself. I tend to agree with you regarding lawsuits though. If this was a standard pre-order things would be different but the Kickstarter style funding scenario is not well established in law. That said, others have sued Kickstarter creators in similar situations and won. And there are other lawsuits ongoing. But I'm more interested in Craig growing a pair and facing up to this, than suing him into bankruptcy. Also, your threats of legal action are laughable. Even in the .000001% something actually happened, it'd be a financial strain on everyone involved. What good does that do any one? It was ready to go to market, that is, until you guys decided you wanted LEDs. Considering he did quite a bit of false advertising (ready to go to market, etc), isn't that grounds for a class action lawsuit? And if he's lying about the LED shortage, there's even more evidence to throw against him. Perhaps we can have him audited to find out where that $209,100 went, and if it's not being used to fund the production of the controllers, we'll have a case? Until there is actually some kind of evidence that the iCP2 is not going to happen/be completed I doubt you have a case. I'm pretty sure Craig is going to get the things produced/made despite a lack of communication and and for it to be rather sketchy when he has communicated If anyone wants to coordinate efforts, email me at <email>. Kickstarter should have a legal defense fund that has an ongoing kickstarter for itself to raise funds. That way when a project goes bad, the people can have representation. If anyone wants to form a group for a suit, I'm in. Otherwise I'll likely go it alone. My family's attorney doesn't handle class action sized cases as far as I know. Class action suit? It's difficult to spare 5 minutes to update us more than once every 2 months right Product 3 llc claims Kickstarter has no clear refund process but they are not the problem. There is a contingency fund in place but they claim they will not pay refunds out if it, as it's only in the case of emergency. I'm considering legal options. There's a contact project creator button, but they won't give you a refund. Kickstarter can't make them either even though they are violating the terms of service they agreed to. That's the problem we are all facing. I'm done with this project. Who can I contact for a refund? This is the only problem project I've encountered on kickstarter. Most of my backing is iOS games, software, and the like. This was my biggest financial backing so far. as someone who shelled out an extra $45 for the developers pre-release.. yeah.. I've said it before and said it again; because of this project and a couple others like it I'm not kickstarting anything anymore that's not being done by a personal friend. This is like Duke Nukem Forever all over again... except I've already paid for it... Can we pleeeeease stop here. I need to pee! But daaaaaaad! That's it, back to Winnipeg! Mount Splashmoore? If you kids can't keep your hands to yourselves I'm gonna turn this car around, and there'll be no Cape Canaveral for anybody! As much as I hate to get into this like the rest of you... If you want a project from kickstarter, still in production hell and with less updates: <url>"die on the vine" with feature creep. The Nintendo quote they took out of context was more about detailing & bugfixing, not about adding new functionality. This project is now damned IMHO @pao vang I've had to change my address twice already. The first time I made a typo on my survey and then I moved. Both times I got a reply within a week confirming the change. I'm sure the more angry emails they get and have to go through the longer it takes to get to the ones they can do something about. The 2nd email did take a bit longer than the first one. I did request conformation that they made the change both times. trying to change my address. contacted them but no reply yet. if i dont hear anything by july i demand a refund. I wouldnt ask him to abandon the LEDs. He'd do it, claim that it reset the whole project, had to buy new boards, re-do the housing, etc, adding even more time to the project. This whole no update thing is rediculous. The fact that he used money from this to fund Pandora problems is even more so, and one would think that it would be illegal to claim to be funding a project, than use some of those projects funds to bail you out of a failed earlier project. @ Mete : Wonder what happened to : 'However if we don't get this working by the end of next week then we will very likely abandon the LED plans or we will end up not shipping these until Jan/Feb. I'm already worried we have spent too much time on this aspect....' _________________________ RE Craigs most recent update I'm wondering if anyone can explain / give a logical why you'd have to wait for the Populated boards before manufacturing the cases / flip holders, surely final dimensions are known now for the PCB / Case. I've been waiting for an update to say : 'good news folks there will be no delay for the flip holders, we've had them made whilst waiting for the LEDs'. It would of course be great to get a bit of official feedback on this but I'd love to hear from anyone who has a logical explanation for the above. Here you have your problem: <url>#comments Thats the Update in which every problem started. Who wanted thoose stupid LEDs anyway? Is there anyway to get a unanimous "non-backlit" campaign going? Just forget the LEDs It's just a jump to the left. And then a step to the right. Put your hands on your hips. EVERYBODY LET'S DO THE SAFETY DANCE! in the meantime... <url>"saw" at same alley. The alley leading to bright and sunny future. Hahaha. This project is really fun to flame and troll. Pete Perez you wont see this in a firmware update. The iOS 7 controllers need to support all analogue inputs. Every single button is pressure sensitive,as well as the dpad, and developers may well program for that. You could probably hack in support, but it wont work for everything. I haven't backed the Pebble smartwatch, they shipped every backer's reward and they shipped my preordered watch today. I backed the iCP2 and I still have no news of it. Nobody can tell me nothing seems wrong. The last update was 23 days ago. What. The. Fuck by the time this even gets in our hands we can get a cheaper and probably better alternative. I turned in my survey in Feburary. Are the surveys going to be re-sent once they are close to shipping? I would hope so as I know that my address has changed. I am just not sure if Kickstarter lets you send out multiple surveys. I was walking down the street and I saw craig defecating in an alley and he used our backer dollars to wipe hes used all our money on strippers and toilet paper come on guys we need to get refunds I'm reading that ios7 will support 3rd party controllers. So... the iCP2 definitely NEEDS to support whatever protocol apple requires! Hopefully this can be addressed with a firmware update, or we won't see our iCP2's until 2014. according to the Pandora forums... the company populating the boards are now waiting for nubs and bluetooth modules to arrive... *sigh* I'm very sorry to disappoint you guys. I recently ran into Craig at a gentleman's club in Vegas. He's throwing away our $ away on useless girls and alcohol. It seems that he has used up most of the project's funds this way and we'll never be getting our products :( We just have to keep trying to get a refund... Even tho there is a delay. It does not forgive a lack of pictures... of anything..... there are so many things that Craig could show pictures of but hasn't. We have had a total of =4= photos in the entire year of 2013. Even if Craig posts tommorow saying the PCBs are all finished.... it will still mean people wont be getting them until next month. I'll ruin that hope Eli, besides he wont comment until after the end of the month. I must say, I am very disappointed in this project, and I will be requesting a refund. I know by the rules of kickstarter I have to go directly to these people, which means if I get a response at all it will be in 2015, when they are only "a few more days" from a release. But I intend to try, they took our money, promised a release by 7 months ago, and have yet to explain themselves beyond an led problem that, as an earlier post rightfully pointed out, would only add 10 days tops to the production time. I don't care if this thing is the best thing since sliced bread, it has taken too long. I know kickstarter projects usually get delayed, but it generally ends up being a 1-2 month thing with a very reasonable explanation. This is unacceptable. The next person to comment will be #1100, c'mon Craig, it could be you! Anybody know if there will be a switch to turn on/off the back lighting?. I guess yes, but I don't recall it being mentioned. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, A tale of a fateful trip That started from this forum Aboard this tiny ship. The mate was a mighty marketing man, The skipper brave and sure. 2000 passengers set sail that day For a 2 month tour, a 2 month tour. The weather started getting rough, The ICP2 was tossed, If not for the courage of the fearless backers The project would be lost, the project would be lost. by vcoleiro sung to the theme from "the Beverly Hillbillies" Come and listen to a story about a man named Craig A poor Englishman, barely kept his Leaf charged, Then one day he was posing in some forums, And up through the ground came a Open Source Handheld. Linux that is, black plastic, TI SOC. Well the first thing you know ol Craigs settin up a site TV-out cables and developer funds, he's gonna do it right Said "September 30, 2008 is the date you ought to be" So they loaded up their browsers and preordered promptly. Pre-order, that is. Send him money, wait for the goods. Well now its time to say good by to Craig and GBAX.com. And they would like to thank you folks fer kindly supportin him. And if you are expecting your iControlPad 2 in 2013 You can kick your self in the kickstarter for havin such a dream Should have learned the first time that is. Post a flamer, Take your shoes off. Y'all come back now (in "Two Months"), y'hear?. by bagmouse7 Sad to say my patience has run out, is there any way of getting a refund? :( I think KS should write a guide for projects on what delays a project should cater for. Lead time on getting the KS cash, typical part sourcing & manufacturing lead times etc etc. It just seems to me that every KS project makes the same gross underestimations . And now a C64 Emulator has released for my phone...I could really use this accessory. The iPega is cool and the closest I've seen to what the iControlPad2 offers but it's still missing a couple key features. It's large and bulky relative to iCP2 and more importantly it does not attach to the phone. This makes the iPega relatively more difficult to use and carry with you when traveling. If Craig ever finishes it iCP2 still has the best design. Really shouldn't have implemented those backlights. None of these products that these naysayers have been showing have even had them. Hey guys how about an update, even if its just we are still waiting on LED's you do owe your backers an update its been a while and this delay is ridiculous. By the time we get the dam thing Apple will have created their own or released a iGame system lol. Let us know what is going on. <url>"best joypad ever", when it's actually done, but there's no way you can make that claim now when no one has even seen the damn thing. At this point it could be a piece of engineering brilliance or a pile of crap not worth waiting a week for, let alone eight months plus. As Steve pointed out, the market is starting to fill up with alternative options, some of which offer some real value. If Craig had actually been ready to manufacture as he had claimed and had stuck to his original plan he would have a foothold in the market. Instead he chose to ignore the lessons he should have learned from his previous fiascos and turned this into yet another one. Turning Ready to manufacture + a possible 10 day delay into six additional months waiting takes a special kind of incompetence. Or maybe there's a perfectly good explanation? Unfortunately Craig doesn't seem to think his backers are worthy of a few minutes of his time so we'll never know. Steve sounds a little antagonistic, but the ipega is a damn good stop gap. The joysticks are too tight, and it doesnt have analog support in blutrol yet, but Ringwald is already working on it, and it still makes a great controller while waiting. ICP2 may well be the best, but ipega is a very good product for the 15 quid it costs delivered. If games are something you're wanting to play i reccomend supplementing your ICP2 order with an ipega to tide you over in the meanwhile. If you want to believe it, then believe... Samsung's controller will be much better than everything else. The iPega is a very good product, available immediatly and costs 1/4 of the iCP2 price. But, for your patience, there will be a keyboard :D Seriously, I hope you won't have to pay custom taxes when you'll receive your iVaporPad2 in 2014, that would be awesome :-) There are a lot of gamepads on the market, so why waiting for a product that may never arrive ? Couldn't give a crap about your IPEGA PG-9017. We're here for the icontrolpad 2. And I know it's slow progress but it will be (when it's in our hands) the best joypad ever. So you can shove it up where the sun don't shine. Still unjoying your wait ? I'm enjoying games, with my brand new IPEGA PG-9017 :D Happy 1st June!! 5! Nobody in their right mind would. Craig hasn't even updated his Twitter all month, and we're probably not going to see another KS update until late June. All this delay for an LED upgrade that "won't add more than 10 days" (Update #13, Oct 14 '12). Or, you know, 8 months plus. What happened to him being the veritable Twitter chatterbox he used to be? Seriously, look for yourself, he's tweeting less now than ever before, even going all the way back through January 2009: <url>"surprisingly quick follow up" to the ICP2. I'd be curious to find out how he intends on funding that. Actually Mr. Loon, I'm hoping the firmware allows a closer derivative of my last version of the keyboard layout titled "Option 3" found in the ICP2 forum here: <url>"By creating a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you [Product 3 LLC] are offering the public the opportunity to enter into a contract with you. By backing a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you as the Backer accept thtat offer and the contract between Backer and Project Creator is formed." So basically, it's Mark Linkhorst's company that we have a contract with. Not with Ithic.com, nor iControlpad ltd, nor Craig Rothwell personally. @Jon Loon: I think it's not fair to call people deluded when they are standing up for their rights. It's not their fault that the project creators don't keep their promises so far! And make no mistake: we are at the moment legally entitled to a refund, because they've failed to perform their obligations and can be deemed to be in default. @Mark Linkhorst: Your e-mail-address is already publically available. Luckily contact information for corporations can be easily found on the internet or by calling the Secretary of State. So that was not the reason to post my previous comment. The reason was that people are not getting any answers from this project for the past 6 months and therefor it was not more than fair to let everyone know "who we are dealing with". And suddenly we did get a reaction. @Mark Linkhorst: This is a Kickstarter project. It is not a store. You created a project with the understanding that it is a risk. Looking at your creator history, Product 3 LLC, you are new to Kickstarter. I hope you did read the terms-of-use and realized the implications of this crowd-funding platform. It's not a store, it's a platform that in exchange for 10% of the funds provides you with a payment system, a platform to interact with your customers and gives you a huge exposure of your project to the world. On this platform the creator and backer formed a contract and that agreement is just like a pre-order in a store. Kickstarter is not the store, but Product 3 LLC is. The people here have been very patient with this project, but slowely but surely they become restless, because you are not keeping your customers happy. Not only is the project way overdue, questions on the forum or here on KS are not being answered, e-mails and social media messages are being ignored, but... most importantly we're being kept in the dark as far as the two things you promised us, namely "delivering an iControlpad2" and "Documenting the process in detail". Maybe this whole situation is not your fault, but don't forget about your responsibility and the contract you have with us (backers). I may be wrong but I believe that Link's only part in the project was to create the LLC for the kickstarter and then to just distribute the said product to certain customers. and not good you change the specification , because before it was write kis stater logo on the page and you erase that now dont show that in the page. illegal that why iam sating is a scam? why erase it . afraid for something? @Mark Linkhorst i know kickstarter is no a store i understand about delay but get a product that is not the same that you are writing is not good i mean about iCP1 final special edition it have only a very low quality paper print not a sticker and you say final special edition with kickstater logo. so how about a refund Thanks for your post Link, it's great to see a bit of interest on here from one of the creators. Anyone thinking they're likely to get / are legally entitled to a refund before the iCP2 ships is utterly deluded. Whether people are morally entitled to expect a refund is of course another matter. @ Renny : Completely understand 'with The other more concerning factor is the complete lack of communication. Also seeing from the "limited edition" sticker on the ICP1, they really dont give a shit.' @ Craig : Please talk to us, I'm pretty sure you do 'give a shit' and can understand that you're not here 24/7 like some KS creators seem to be, but please consider spending 30 mins a week talking to people here in the comments section. It would make a huge difference. So, just to be clear, because there's a lot of (mis-)information going around. The project is still going forward? We will eventually get our pledge rewards? The time frame is? Just asked for a refund, they said they would issue refunds the same time as when they are shipping or when production starts running normally. Asked for an estimated timezone, they replied saying within the next three months. I doubt it would be ready in 3 months. And i think that I as a backer isn't upset about the project being delayed. Yes, this is common to kickstarter. But i am upset because the delay is very long. 6 months from expected delivery date and not a single pic of a completed product. Even pebble did not take this long of a delay. The other more concerning factor is the complete lack of communication. Also seeing from the "limited edition" sticker on the ICP1, they really dont give a shit. @Ithic Glad to hear that you will handle shipping within the States, not Craig (vide Pandora shipping issues) I just received an e-mail telling me that I'llbe refunded as soon as they'll be able to. I'll receive my IPEGA PG-9017 this month. Goodbye everyone, I hope you'll enjoy your iVaporPad 2 that you'll receive at the same time with the Galaxy S8. I shall you tell a secret, ATM: it was an april fools' joke. (and I fooled you!) Why the hell should we believe you? Youre the one that lied to us all and tried to trick us with that email you made. For those who have requested or want a refund: be sure you request a refund from Mark J. Linkhorst. His e-mail-address is <email>. In a nutshell: the company "Product 3 LLC" that we gave our money to does not exist anymore. (No kidding!) Craig or anyone else from the iCP2-team has (legally) nothing to do with this company, except Mark Linkhorst. I have spoken to the Vermont Secretary of State and am currently in contact with the Attorney General's Consumer Assistance Division about this situation of a company with a huge amount of unfullfilled orders which is in fact a debt of around $200,000. So, if you request a refund, be sure to contact Mark J. Linkhorst at <email> Company information can be found on <url>"Here's what I know or have heard but this is all second hand from emails I have been a part of: - The moulds are done and plastics can be made when there is a ship date on these RGB LEDs. - The PCBs were ordered a while back and so they should be done by now or at least being shipped to the assembler soon (ordered with a long lead because it is much cheaper no doubt) - All of the parts for the build are in stock except for those RGB LEDs (and no you can't just pop on Alibaba and find a T-5 LED and say they are easy to buy as some KS commenters suggest) - The BT modules are made and ready to be flashed with the firmware. I was a bit slow in testing the last build and now ED is sending some left overs from the iCP1 project to be updated for iCP2. The new BT firmware supports Android better, has a better gamepad HID mode, some experimental HID profiles (with no real guarantee they will be useful but can be ignored otherwise) and some other tweaks Roving Networks added in builds they make for all customers. - The firmware is about ready for a 1.0 release but I don't know if I will clean it up or just release it. My free time is very limited these days. I have to talk to the nub manufacturer to get their OK to release the nub code module with the rest of the source code so the entire project can actually be built by customers. I'm also talking to ED about where this code can be stored as I think it should have a public repository like Pandora or any open source, community supported project. - The company making the dome layover stickers turned out to be duds and lost interest or something so a new company has been selected to make them. It's a company that Fatih uses and trusts so it might be for the best anyway. Those things don't have a huge tolerance for errors in positioning so I am glad it should be done right. - No updates on the rubber keymat that I know of other than they should be in manufacturing by now but at this point they will still be test samples without the final printing on them to allow the correct light paths to shine and highlight the characters. Craig has said that he is interested in going with whatever the popular vote on the forum was but I am a bit apprehensive as I remember some people really putting a lot of clutter on there. It's been a while since I scanned that topic so maybe I should revisit it. I think he will find that all of that will never fit and never pass the light correctly as it will just end up being a big see through blob. - I don't know about the clamps but again that was to be done by a company Fatih uses and has a long, trusting relationship with. If any of this is wrong, perhaps ED/Craig can correct me on it. My focus has really just been the engineering side of things on this one." Thinking Craig got the estimated delivery date wrong. It was supposed to be Nov 2013! Loving the Queen Parodies :) Meanwhile, an interesting and informative progress update from MWeston on the iCP2 forums : <url>~! Arigatou~! @ jonny storm : £16 delivered wow!, thanks for that, well worth a punt, ordered. @ Denial : You can but ask, my hope is that Craig might just see the logic in releasing a proposed keyboard layout in terms of generating community involvement / input. <url>"forum" with threads, head on over to <url>"Hey Craig. Can you give us a new estimated delivery time? Apparently it is hard for you, but you should have some projectplanning when all bits come together and you can start shipping. The companies you deal with also give estimates and if you put is all together, it shouldn't be too hard to give us an new estimated delivery time. And when a supplier is delayed, you can update us and when the full delay of that supplier is clear, you can update us with a new estimated delivery date. Delays are a lot less terrible when they are visible and explained. Actually, you owe us a new ETA. It's a lot more bearable with dates than with "I hope to show you next" as that implicates the need of a miracle. So, can you give us a new ETA please, even if it is januari 2014. Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please." Copy/paste So, here's the scoreboard thus far, and everyone, please correct me if I'm wrong about anything: -PCBs are gold (as of Apr 4) and still in production (Apr 29). -Front plate is final (Mar 17), but may or may not be in production? "Mould Company" (no name given) has the design, but no news about this part since Mar 17. -Battery: Last mentioned Jan 24, last pictured in the Apr 5 update. Never explicitly detailed information or production status during updates. Batteries received Jan 24. -Keyboard: Keymat design was shown and pictured in the Jan 24 update. Final default keyboard layout was never revealed, keyboard hasn't been mentioned since, other than in the vague "Well it's all, finally, go. Making thousands of cases, PCBs & buttons - build them, box them, ship." phrase on Mar 17. -Swivel holder: Survey sent Feb 26 mentioned the holder might be late. As of Mar 17, the holder had to be "redesigned slightly", and was worked on that week. Allegedly not in production yet. -Programming documentation: "Michael will also be releasing documentation on how to program the iCP2 as soon as he is happy with it." (Apr 4) Or the short version of the list: -PCBs: In production -Front plates: Submitted to "the mould company", may or may not be in production, never explicitly stated. -Batteries: "Received" Jan 24th, no news since. -Keyboard: May or may not be in production, never explicitly stated -Swivel holder: Allegedly last piece to be completed, "Worked on" the week of Mar 17, may or may not be in production, never explicitly stated -Programming documentation: Not yet released. Also, no news yet on anything Bluetooth-related that I can remember. Just sayin'. And just remember! "Next update just might have a final unit ready to ship :)" - Update #25, January 24th, 2013 I regret backing this project instead of iMpulse Game Controller & Key Finder :( #BadJudgement I think the next update should be about Craig describing the uses of the iCP2 in the future field of teledildonics. INSANITY!! I have tears of a lumberjack! craig's seller must have a led shortage, as doing numerous searches on this with different queries, and i see nothing about a worldwide rgb led shortage. im gonna be super cynical about this thing and say that we wont see this device till November at this rate. im real sorry i bought into the hype of this kick starter. just look at how much updates the impulse guys give to their audience, while we get one every 3 weeks. <url>"Working prototypes finished, ready for mass production now". That was on day one. And it's not the only time Craig has made that claim. The LEDs were only going to add 10 days max yet here we are six months later. Hell, Craig even ignored his own advice on the (obvious) risks. He has taken people's money based on what are now questionable claims and broken the promises he's made about communication. Does anyone have a clear idea where this project is at? No, because Craig is either unwilling or unable to tell us. As for the latest update, there is no world wide RGB LED shortage. Sorry, but that's just nonsense. Firstly, I know things can be delayed and I respect that. Secondly, the item wasn't something that had to be built.. it had been built and was ready to go...it just needed the funds and mass production could begin. Altough there are some things that suggest this was a lie and hence illegal, as you cannot claim something to get money and for it not to be true. Most of his updates this year havn't been that great in my opinion, no real substance. His updates last year were much better. If the product is delayed 1 year... that doesn't matter to me. However one reason I pledged was to recieve the documentation and regular updates. This HAS not happened and hence that part of the pledge is broken and I am in my right to complain about that. Craig hasn't even responded to anything in this comments section since November, 2012. This is Kickstarter not newegg why even look at the delivery date they're just best case estimations. The biggest complainers are the noobs to KS. Before you put the money down you should of thought it through. Like maybe Building something as complex as this will have its hurdles and be delayed. Like any sort of investing its a gamble. I'm just glad he still updates. Nope, nothing So, do we have an updated estimated shipping date? Or a shipping window? Anything? I've been trying to read updates and comments, but I'm not sure if it was mentioned anywhere. Thanks for the help. @Jonathan H: You should just demand a refund. They are legally obliged to refund your money, since they broke their part of the agreement (that is, delivering the iCP2 in november 2012). I am disappointed Thanks @Denial, I didn't even remember that he said units would start shipping in March. Yeah really, the iControlpad 2 is already becoming obsolete, with the recent surge of Android game controllers released within the year. The keyboard's the last uniquely defining feature, but I'm almost expecting to see a controller + keyboard combo based on the iCP2 design from some unknown Chinese manufacturer sold at less than half the price. And I'd gladly buy one, because I really like the idea of the product. Supporting European manufacturers was a selling point, but I'm still out $87 and still waiting on a controller I expected to have six months ago. At least I'm not one of the suckers who paid in full for an OpenPandora back in 2008, only for Android to be born, go through its awkward earlier editions, and eventually supercede OpenPandora with significantly more powerful hardware and higher resolution displays. Wikipedia says: "Since June 2012, a new 1 GHz model has been made available in limited amounts during the summer 2012. Due to the shortage of previous 600 MHz chips, it is expected this new model could become de facto standard in the near future." So, it took so long for them to fufill orders that the original chips have become obsolete enough to have shortages, and they'll have to move up to a faster SoC to fufill demand. That's pretty bad. 1000 COMMENTS I wish there was a refund option. My want/need for this controller has dropped to zero, and the waiting and delays haven't made it better. Guess I'll be listing on eBay when I get it :) Well, I hope Craig doesn't used KS $$$ to clear his problem with OP stuck shipping (batch1 as well 1GHz units). Other way we will end up with same problem as OP was - do a "upgrade" or wait an eternity (4 years for me). @dai Yeah I could see wanting something fancier. Honestly with Ouya and Gamestick coming to my house at some point,my need for ICP2 is not what is once was, since I mainly wanted it for games, both both ouya and gamestick were $100 shipped (my icp2 was $81) and those included ANDROID CONSOLES. I also have an impulse arriving too and that was about $30. The only saving grace I see with the ICP2 is the RGB backlights, I think that will be really cool and useful. Hopefully the firmware/dev/touch mapping works well. Apr 29, 2013 - "PCBs still in general production, quite slow due to a world wide shortage of... yes.... RGB LEDs." Apr 04, 2013 - "When will we have the final product? This keeps on being asked but it's difficult to answer with accuracy" Mar 17, 2013 - "So, what now? Well it's all, finally, go." Feb 20, 2013 - "It looks like the final hurdles have been crossed and units will start shipping in March." Jan 24, 2013 - "A few minor updates before mass production" Dec 23, 2012 - "I've already packaged up the printed keymats to send to Michael on the 27th, and you should see a final working picture as soon as they arrive with him. Then it's mass production time!" @Stuart: what?! back to july? D= bummmerr......I was thinking of dropping for a preorder towards the shipping date....oh well, guess thats one potential purchase pushed back a little bit for focusing on other bills ^^;; @Adam R: Four weeks ago, I have requested for an update of the status and planning of the project through a direct message on KickStarter and e-mails to all known addresses of the members of the iCP2-team. I have not been informed and therefor I'm now publishing those questions that a lot of backers have so that they are visible to everyone. That is also Kickstarter: if you don't treat your customers well, it might lead to a bad reputation and endanger future projects. Still, I don't it's too late IF (and that's a really big IF) the iCP2-team picks up the communication right now and informs us about the current status and planning. iCP1 final special esition with kickstater logo? check it is a scam. <url>"Mould Company" (no name given) has the design, but no news about this part since Mar 17. -Battery: Last mentioned Jan 24, last pictured in the Apr 5 update. Never explicitly detailed information or production status during updates. Batteries received Jan 24. -Keyboard: Keymat design was shown and pictured in the Jan 24 update. Final default keyboard layout was never revealed, keyboard hasn't been mentioned since, other than in the vague "Well it's all, finally, go. Making thousands of cases, PCBs & buttons - build them, box them, ship." phrase on Mar 17. -Swivel holder: Survey sent Feb 26 mentioned the holder might be late. As of Mar 17, the holder had to be "redesigned slightly", and was worked on that week. Allegedly not in production yet. -Programming documentation: "Michael will also be releasing documentation on how to program the iCP2 as soon as he is happy with it." (Apr 4) Or the short version of the list: -PCBs: In production -Front plates: Submitted to "the mould company", may or may not be in production, never explicitly stated. -Batteries: "Received" Jan 24th, no news since. -Keyboard: May or may not be in production, never explicitly stated -Swivel holder: Allegedly last piece to be completed, "Worked on" the week of Mar 17, may or may not be in production, never explicitly stated -Programming documentation: Not yet released. Also, no news yet on anything Bluetooth-related that I can remember. Just sayin'. And just remember! "Next update just might have a final unit ready to ship :)" - Update #25, January 24th, 2013 Well, it looks like there will be no OP2 running through KS after all that mess below... :\ Hey Craig. Can you give us a new estimated delivery time? Apparently it is hard for you, but you should have some projectplanning when all bits come together and you can start shipping. The companies you deal with also give estimates and if you put is all together, it shouldn't be too hard to give us an new estimated delivery time. And when a supplier is delayed, you can update us and when the full delay of that supplier is clear, you can update us with a new estimated delivery date. Delays are a lot less terrible when they are visible and explained. Actually, you owe us a new ETA. It's a lot more bearable with dates than with "I hope to show you next" as that implicates the need of a miracle. So, can you give us a new ETA please, even if it is januari 2014. Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. Hey Craig. Can you give us an update about with which company we are dealing? I have heared several different stories about it and it would be nice if we got an official update. According to my information the company we gave our money to and have an agreement with is Product 3 LLC in Winooski, Vermont, USA. This company has been dissolved per januari 1st 2013. Strange, because that company still owns us 209.100 dollars and is now non existent. The LLC was temporary (and did not go bankrupt but legally this company should still exist and be an at-will LLC). According to you... which company is in charge of the project now and which company do we have to approach for a refund? I think this is very important for us to know, because the current situation is, that we gave our money to Product 3 LLC, that company dissolved and our agreement with Product 3 LLC is no longer valid and our money is "somewhere". We do need to know with which company we are now dealing and who our money has. Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. @Denial Lasnot IV: I leave it up to Craig and his partners wether they keep ignoring these comments or not. If someone decides to create a project on Kickstarter, they should also accept the fact that people will have questions that have to be answered. In a business environment you really can't ignore your investors, so in my opinion the iCP2-team can't do it either here. There's always a first step for everything and I really hope my questions are forcing that first step. :) Hey Craig. What is the status of the iCP2 firmware? Is it already version 1.0? Could you give us a quick update on the features of the firmware? I.e. are there different (emulation) modes? Are there special hotkeys for screen brightness, volume, nub sensitivity, RGB-LED-coloring, etc.? Which BT specification is being used? 2.0, 2.1, 3.0 or 4.0? Can you give us an overview on which platforms (with version numbers) the iCP2 has been tested? Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. Hey Craig, please start investing some time in the communication or ask someone to do it for you for this project. In the funding-phase of the project, you were all over the iCP2-forum and here on KS and as soon you got the money, you stopped responding to the people that made this project possible. You started to dictate what you wanted us to know. This can be a good thing in a business environment with i.e. subcontractors, but after all these months, it's safe to say that this one way traffic is not working and only angering or disappointing or whatever negative emotion doing to your customers that had faith in you. I do hope you realise that you are endangering this project and possible future projects with this attitude. I suggest you pick up the communication again and make us (a.k.a. your customers) happy again! Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. It's futile asking questions in here... you know you're not going to get answers... Hey Craig, what is the status of the production process? Do you have all the parts for PCB-production now, except for the RGB LED's or are you waiting for more parts (i.e. BT-chips)? Have the cases been manufactured and if not, when are they ready? Do you have all the buttons and if not, when are they ready? Are the keymats already produced and if not, when are they ready? Is the metal frontplate already ready and if not, when is it? Have the cables, BT-sticks and batteries been ordered and delivered or are you waiting for them? Have the phone-holders been redesigned and are they being produced already or not? Could you give an update for each of these items so we get an overview of the real status of the project and an indication of when the iCP2 might be ready for delivery? Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. Hey Craig, could you give us information about the USB-bluetooth stick that you will be supplying with the iCP2 raspberry PI pack? Which bluetooth-chip does it have, which class is it and what are the dimensions of the stick? Are the drivers already in the Raspian Wheezy-distro and in the OpenElec-distro? Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. Hey Craig, could you give us an update about the keyboard-layout? Do we get Dvorak-layout? A blank keymat with stickers or a water-resistant pencil? One of the layouts from the forum? Stop ignoring us and start informing us, please. Since you're a Priest, all I can say is... Amen. Hey, for all the people talking about Pandora, I don't care. This isn't Pandora, this isn't any other project. I look at this project on its own, not connected to any other project or fundraiser or anything. Clearly, this is my fault. If I'd have known that Craig simply doesn't care about meeting deadlines, I probably would have not backed this project. In its original form this kickstarter was pretty straightforward. They've got a product that's "ready for mass production now." We were told that they were going to "document the ENTIRE production process on film" with regular updates, visits to factories, and in-depth everything. Numerous times, in fact, we were reassured on how easy it would be to bring this product to market. They had everything lined up; they just needed a little push. "[W]e're ready to start mass producing in time for Christmas." Here we are two days from May. Apologists will tell us about how it's fine that it's been delayed so much. "Oh, don't forget Pandora. You shouldn't be surprised." Or how it's all the fault of the LED boards and so on. People are getting upset and angry because this kind of behavior is not okay. At almost every stage of this process we have been misled and maybe even lied to: - Ready for Christmas? Maybe Christmas in 2014. It's unacceptable for any company or business to be run this way. - Documentation. Oh goody, we get an update every three weeks. Thrilling. Most of the updates don't give us much of anything except that it's going to be another "two months." - Keyboard. What the hell is the layout? You had a "competition" on your board, then... nothing happened. You said you'd picked one, said something about stickers, and now nobody knows what's going on. Stickers! You're asking people to pay around a hundred dollars and you're using stickers. Quality. This is Kickstarter, so things aren't really going to go according to plan; I see that. What I don't understand are the people falling over themselves with excuses for why this so acceptable. So, here's the thing. We're all willing to be understanding. We know it isn't going to be perfect. Adding the color LEDs was--in my opinion--a stupid idea, but it added more delays on top of delays. And that's not a bad thing necessarily. Just talk to us. I'd love to hear more from you. I really would. I love the idea of the product; at this point I just find it hard to care. I don't expect to get anything at this point. @slegiar I was looking forward to the may 16 release date but just the other day they moved it back to July, wanting to work on the software a bit more. But I'm perfectly happy with waiting for it, the devs had a detailed Q&A in an article right after the move back @Sippakorn K that's just ridiculous Thank goodness for refunds That is pretty much what the iCP special edition was supposed to be... red buttons and a sticker. I know some people on here said they got one with blue/green buttons... @Boone Simpson there is the pics , check it is a scam. <url>"april fools day, prank must be done" deal...but when you're working on a product like this...well, just my opinion anyway. The keyboard buttons in the pictures I've seen look like they'd feel annoyingly small to me. I wonder if he broke his 3D printer trying to make those 3D chocolate items he tweeted about. I highly doubt that he will tell us what keyboard layout he has in mind (if he decided on one already...) because people will freak out if it is not what they had in mind. Craig! What in the name of all that is holy will the keyboard layout be! Last Activity from Craig 05th Apr 2013 - Kickstarter Update 04th Apr 2013 - Twitter 12th Dec 2012 - iControlpad Talk 06th Dec 2012 - iControlpad 2 Talk 05th Dec 2012 - iControlpad Support 02nd Nov 2012 - Kickstarter Comments even though he has piss poor communication skills, its almost been 3 weeks and he seems to update every 3 weeks you're right paradiso, its clearly on its way. Just a shame that craig is so crap at communicating. Reading the FAQ it speaks over and over about engaging your backers with updates and keeping them in the loop, could have been so much more pleasant around here if he'd done that. (on the plus side, the delay has allowed blutrol to get close to being the software that was needed to use the ICP2, so it should be fully useable by the time it ships. July/August is where my moneys at.) You dogs need to stop barking at the wind. Talking about lawyers for a kickstarter project that is running late..... Felix, read the FAQ again. ' If your project is successfully funded, you are required to fulfill all rewards or refund any backer whose reward you do not or cannot fulfill. A failure to do so could result in damage to your reputation or even legal action by your backers' Kickstarter has far more built in backer protection than it used to nowadays. This is ridiculous. Read the kickstarter FAQ. You _supported_ the project. You didn't buy a ICP2, you supported the project and you will get one if it is successful. The FAQ clearly states that in the worst case you get nothing and that it is up to the project creators. @Goldenegg are you really that stupid? Really? If anything trying to take him to court will delay everything even more. Not to mention the legal fees he will have to pay if you could even bring this in to court, which I find unlikely. I don't have a big issue with the delay. That said, the failure to fulfill the specific promise of update is inarguable. Holy crap everyone! Really? You think because he didn't hit a dead line that he's stealing our money? Do you even know how kick starter works at all? Do you even know how manufacturing works? Have you ever made anything of this quality or level by hand or in your garage? He's made additional improvements and has updated us weekly if not monthly on the progress. This kick starter pledge of icontrolpad2 has gone actually normal if not better for an electronic device. Oh and Goldenegg shut up, you're ridicules you have no idea what your talking about. Oh and that comment about the lawyer is a ploy to get a reaction from the creator. How ever if anyone were to take any legal action do it, I want you to waste your money. P.s. I could of told anyone that he would never have met a deadline with 1 month. It takes 14 days for your amazon account to transfer any money to another account if not previously setup since that's what kick starter uses. So there goes 14 days. I was meeting with my lawyer yesterday on another matter and mentioned this whole debacle. He agreed with me that there's more than enough proof in the updates that the device could never have shipped anywhere close to the stated November date. I'm deciding if I will take legal action here. It's not about getting my money back, but making Craig accountable for his actions. It's time he learns he can't treat people like this anymore. If I decide to take legal action against him, I will post here again to see if anyone wants to join the claim. I have insider information. It is being made.... Unfortunatly, I'm now convinced we will never receive anything... Say goodbye to your money, everyone... Frankly, deciding to run with the LED lighting was just foolish. That should have been obvious at the outset. Or at least as soon as they encountered dificulties, way back in October. But even without that it's becoming increasingly clear that the original shipping dates could never have been met. All that aside, the main thing people are complaining about is the lack of communication. And it's really not hard to fix. Take five minutes, pick up a keyboard and type up an update. Five minutes a day, or every couple of days. No big deal. At least you wouldn't think so. And don't get me started on their purchase of a 3D printer... Debs sent me a message, hopefully I can get things resolved! I've been thinking, the iControlpad 2 with backlights could have been sold as an iCP 2.5, and I know a lot of us would have upgraded when that would have come out. I mean, Nintendo and Sony both put out slight upgrades to their controllers in the last console generation - the Wii Remote -> Wii Remote with MotionPlus Inside, and the Sixaxis -> Dualshock 3. Heck, to take it a step farther, there were five different official Guitar Hero guitars! All with identical features, other than the sliding bar in the GH 4 & 5 revision. In the video game industry, a few new features and a fresh new look can sell a customer on a product they already have. And personally, it would have sold me on a second iControlpad 2 - my friends and I already like playing SNES games on my tablet with Wii Classic Controllers, so having two fancy iControlpad 2s would have been luxurious. I mean, we're all well off enough to invest nearly a hundred bucks or more on a universal game controller, of course most of us would upgrade. Anyway! Please put out another video. Even if it's just of Craig wearing a grill and shutter shades while throwing money off of a roof while dancing to Lil' Wayne. Anything will do. I give up, its pointless to be constantly complaining here, let the perfectionist ship the damm thing whenever he pleases. if this company does another kickstarter, they better have a real gooood pitch and be committed to providing updates, cause i dont think im backing these guys again. Hello? Is anybody there? It was nice that we got -1- photo in the last update -12- days ago.... but we've only had -5- photos and -0- videos in the past -107- days... but even -1- of those photos was an old one, so really only had -4- photos. PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP I hope they get this finished before October 2013. It would be sad if this drags on for over a year, but at the moment I feel this is the most likely date it will be ready. Not sure if you read these comments Craig, but in the off chance you do, can you please provide us an update on what the keyboard layout will be please. He will definitely need to do some big convincing that he will be able to meet deadlines and update folks more consistently if he decides to do another kickstarter. I really should have known better than to back a project by Craig. If you look at the updates, there was no way he was even remotely ready to ship in the Nov timeframe. It was yet another of his blatant lies. It's the last time he's ever getting a penny from me. @Mike I've had Craig reply to me over Twitter back when I made my pledge, so I'd suggest trying him there too. 1st world problems @Mike, I would also suggest a DM through Twitter. It shouldn't matter how you communicate with the project, you can try <email> or @craigix on Twitter. By the way, I also got the survey (for the Pi-edition on the 25th of february). @Chris Reid - I've been trying--what's the best way? The "Contact me" on the this page isn't getting much response... Calm down, ppl. iCP2 so far is delayed only few months compare to another project which was managed by Craig - famous Open Pandora ;) We are absolutely allowed to complain as we are technically "investors", this isn't no simple preorder and if it was, then we would have gotten the product months ago When the consumers money is involved in the creation of the product we have every right to know what's going on, people need to get their head out of their arse @Mike Sheley I got mine on February 25. You'd better email them. @AMT Please, don't tell things that are simply not true. We didn't donate money, we paid money to a company for a product. Just like you pre-order at Amazon. Go read my comments on update #26 for a further explanation. @A F Smith You paid nothing. You donated $75 dollars to bring an idea to life. As far as updates go, I cant say how busy Craig is so I can't really comment. He just updated however. I found this to be quite funny: "99% of you are wonderful and patient and understand we're trying to deliver the best product we can, rather than rush a product with faults." Anyone else still waiting on their survey? Yes, we're self-entitled. Because we paid $75 and have received nothing in return. And Craig apparently can't be arsed spending ten minutes writing a quick update to tell us where he's up to, or even to assure us he hasn't done a bloody runner. No, people are cheesed off with the lack of communication Eh, you are all a bunch of impatient self-entitled brats. What a crazy april fools' day it's been. I still have a smile on my face from the tweet from the iCP2-team. You must be geniuses to put three jokes ("iCP2 begins mass production", "will update" and "progress") into one tweet and then cover it up with chocolate. Excellent humor! technically it said "begins mass production" that doesn't even mean they are being built. iCP2 is being built... Best April fools joke ever. "While the iCP2 begins mass production I've taken to trying to make 3D models from chocolate using the 3D printer.. will update with progress". I think it's too late for April Fools Mark B - but compare communication. That part costs nothing... I just want to say thanks to the iControlPad 2 team for working on and developing this product. I donated to this Kickstarter with a simple desire to help a project that, at the time, gave the best possible chance to provide an opportunity to create a controller that would hopefully make more games fully playable on smartphones. I have not received the product after months of anticipation, but I stand by my decision to donate to the project because as a backer, I knew from the beginning that nothing was guaranteed, and that ultimately, my selfless act to donate was intended to benefit the hope of bringing such an idea to life. I am thankful for the opportunity to donate to this project, and even as it is months later, I will continue to be patient. Even though there has been a lack of production photos from what I have personally seen, your team has still kept me updated through various emails and Twitter responses. This comment is not an April Fools joke. I may be one of the few who is still thankful, and to be honest, I'm not even sure if the iControlPad 2 team will see this comment; however, I am a humble individual looking forward to hopefully using this product that is still reportedly in mass production. Thank you for working on this project. Please take as much time as you need. -Alex seriously this is getting rather annoying with how slow the updates are coming X_X Adam R - yet they are also behind schedule, with at least some disgruntled backers, with a controller that doesn't match up to the iCP2. I wish it would have happened on schedule, but be that as it may. We will get the iCP2! This is how it should looks like <url>"I'll keep posting photos as we go along. " Another lie @Drammurt - Now why would Craig post that to you via email but not bother to notify all he backers on Kickstarter!! This is a disgracefully run KS. We were promised to be kept in the loop throughout the process and even to have it documented, what we have got is virtually no communication of any kind. I honestly do not mind the delays, but the lack of communication is unforgivable. Will seriously hesitate to back/buy anything from these guys again. @Drammurt, did you pledge Developer Pre-Release edition? I'm wondering since I Pledged the developer level, I received a Kickstarter Survey in February, and heard nothing since then. @AMT. I've uploaded a screenshot of the mail I got from Craig. You can find it here: <url>"I'm just waiting to hear if we have any colour limitations on the extra special edition iCP's, once I know I will email everyone to gather their colour requests." heads up folks, blutrol, the jailbreak tweak that we need to use the analog sticks with, now supports analog sticks, Really minor point, but out of interest, did anyone else back the aluminium special edition and expect to be asked what colour we wanted in the survey? The reward tier specifically stated colour of your choice. Not going to lose sleep as I'd probably have gone for something plain anyway. Just wondering... I find it funny that just seconds after I post that, a new update is made to reconfirm what I said. They're hard at work trying to bring us the best possible product. Yes there have been delays, but it'll pay off. I'm going to have to side with Tristan, The iCP2 is much more advanced and useful than anything else, whether it be the BigBen or the Samsung gamepad, or any other competitor. I love the slim form of the iCP2, and the fact that it has a keyboard and can be used for MUCH more than just gaming on your phone. It will be worth the wait, and we just need to have faith in Craig and the people over at Product 3. At the end of this, we WILL get what we've been promised, and I have no doubt it'll be awesome. Is it taking a while? Yes. Could they be more communicative? Absolutely. Is it as big of a problem as people are making it out to be? Certainly not. All of those other controllers mentioned are only equal to the ICP1 though. The only big difference between this BigBen controller and the ICP1 is that it won't work with my phone (since I'm still on Android 2.3.3 and it's for 3.2 up). Seems like a great improvement *rolls eyes* Asked them by mail if a refund is possible. No answer. BigBen will bring his Gamephone Controller in the end of April, and Samsung will make his own gamepad, so I don't need the VaporPad anymore. @Jesse Keefe maybe ill be proven wrong (id love to be proven wrong, would make this all the better), but unless the game natively supports the icontrolpad, you will need a jailbroken device and download the tweak called blutrol <url>"No need for App support: The iControlPad2 will work with almost any app, whether it supports it or not. Thanks to new overlay software, you can map the iControlPad2 controls and keys to screen presses in iOS or Android. Just map your favorite app and start playing; you will be amazed at the advantage real controls give you. See the video for a demonstration." (this one in particular is not true as you need a jailbroken idevice and a cydia tweak called blutrol. The only one that might have been true is the last one. The ICP2 WITHOUT backlighting was apparently ready to go. We are waiting for the iCP2 with backlighting. Changing the product....even small changes....causes huge delays. It gave me a headache seeing all the people asking for another set of shoulder buttons. By majority demand we asked for this and because of it a delay was inevitable. How easy it is to connect remains to be seen. The iMpulse is an example I found of a kickstarter run right. Those guys are in the comments daily and as suchthey have a very positive environment. The opposite ofwhat Craig has been doing. Unfortunately the ICP2 seems to be one of a kind...none of you have shown a comparable product. I've also loved my ICP1...so I don't really care if the process is documented as long as I get an ICP2 in the end. what ultimately has us complaining is this piece from the home page "If the project is a success we will document the ENTIRE production process on film - with regular video updates and visits to factories - see how we bring a product to life - ordering parts, negotiations, product assembly - everything - so if you have always wondered how it's done, or fancy making something yourself in the future, you will see how we do it." "No need for App support: The iControlPad2 will work with almost any app, whether it supports it or not. Thanks to new overlay software, you can map the iControlPad2 controls and keys to screen presses in iOS or Android. Just map your favorite app and start playing; you will be amazed at the advantage real controls give you. See the video for a demonstration." (this one in particular is not true as you need a jailbroken idevice and a cydia tweak called blutrol. and ultimately this piece of the pitch Ready to go to market Now: The iControlPad2 isn't dreamland, it's a real working prototype which builds on the successful iControlPad technology. If we're funded, we're ready to start mass producing in time for Christmas. And, where possible, we always use local companies in Europe and the USA for all production (The iCP1 was made entirely in Europe). Well judging by how the last several updates have been almost exactly 1 month apart. I'd say we're due for an update in 1-2 weeks. If I had the possibility to cancel my pledge right now and be refunded, I wouldn't hesitate a second. I'm sure the BigBen Gamephone Controller will be available at the end of April. I'm not sure of anything anymore with the iControlPad 2. Very disappointed in the lack of updates with this project. How hard is it to keep us informed? REALLY! Especially when we were promised the process would be documented, and it has not AT ALL! Still looking forward to this, but I will seriously hesitate buying/pledging for anything from Product 3 again. @Shlee, guess ive learned that the hard way, ill be more selective for the future, and i guess amazing takes time also, (to be completely fair these guys are creating the controller of controllers though, there are other controllers but they dont have the feature set and phone holder that this one has ) this wait though is still crazy. especially with their pitch on how they were ready to go into mass production once they get the money. @Ravi: I've backed over $1500us in projects and I've gotten maybe $400 worth of them back.. It's kind of the risk you take when you pledge a preorder for something... but these is lots of risk involved in a KS project and I'm sure it will all work out in the end. I've written a blog about this last year - <url>"I'm not dead!". :-) such a goddamm frustrating wait, the next kickstarter i back has to be something mindblowing at this point, cause i dont think im backing anything kickstarter related anymore. when its the fact that we were the ones funding this project, id like to think it should be an obligation to have regular weekly updates. informing ur investors of the project. its very disappointing to me that these guys update every 3 weeks and dont even look at the comments. @AiR The Two month statement is a running joke. Let's see what happens in the next update... Craig normally updates about every three weeks.. so we will see This is my first Kickstarter, so before I put down my money and after I was very careful to read up on other projects and from what I have seen in the other projects, this one is going well. Yes it would be great if Craig was in the comments daily. It would be great if he came on and filled us in and answered our questions. Even if it's bad news, it would be great if he gave us that news with his apologies and then told us what he was doing next to get these controllers into our hands at the quality we've come to expect from the iCP1. Unfortunately, Craig doesn't seem like the type of person who does this, and no amount of passive aggressive taunting is going to change that. I can only imagine what a nightmare his inbox is. If there was a replacement for the ICP2 that would be fantastic. Unfortunately every competitor that has shown up in the comments has been a simple gamepad...which I already have with the ICP1. I backed this project because I love my ICP1 and would love the idea of having a) comfortably placed shoulder buttons and b) the smallest bluetooth keyboard I have ever seen. I'm willing to wait for that. Here we go with OpenPandora all over again.... Transparency to customers, along with a few pictures or video is worth a thousand words... BigBen will bring the Gamephone Controller in the end of April for only € 39.90. I should have waited. I'm very disappointed with the iCP2 and I don't think I'll back any Kickstarter anymore. @paradiso. where did you get the info that it will be shipped in 2 months. thats super long delay. thanx Yeah really, I was looking forward to those videos of them documenting the whole process - not a string of tweets and photos. At least give us a quick video of you talking about what's happening and messing around with your 3D printer or something, Craig. Honestly, not trying to be rude or anything, but finding out there's going to be another delay due to the holders from the survey was pretty disappointing. It's exciting to check your mail and see that survey, it makes you feel like it's almost here, but that brief excitement is dashed away the moment you catch sight of another delay for a piece of the device that's vital to you. Delays are disappointing but tolerable, as long as we know what's going on. Please keep us posted as much as possible and please don't be vague about the delays. What exactly happened with this molding disaster? Why are the holders going to be late? What do you say to the handful of people who bought the 10-pack for Christmas resale, only now to compete with other, much cheaper controllers like the MOGA and iCade Mobile? So, mass production of the cases has not started yet, however final external dimensions should be known by now. So why not start mass production of the holders so cases and holders can be shipped together as planned? Also why not let people who ordered dev units get a clear idea of when they will receive their premium priced 'pre release' units? Surely a little update along those lines could not hurt. from craigix's twitter. "Looks like this moulding issue could finally be solved. The Pandora has taught us to get this right before making thousands of units..." Craig will have the icp2 ready to ship in the next two months. @Jeff this was addressed in the survey. I followed the directions given in the survey regarding shipping invoice request and had not yet received it, ergo my post. This has now been taken care of, albeit not at the shipping rate stated in the KS, as detailed by DareMachina. @DareM @JonLoon I couldn't agree more. What ever happenned to this pledge "we will document the ENTIRE production process on film - with regular video updates and visits to factories - see how we bring a product to life - ordering parts, negotiations, product assembly - everything - so if you have always wondered how it's done, or fancy making something yourself in the future, you will see how we do it"........why promise this and not do it?? I'm not really pleased with the way this project is being run. I asked about the fold out holder and how I was supposed to decide if I'm willing to wait for it when A) they have yet to show the final product and B) they haven't given any information on how long the delay will be. The response I got was "we recommend waiting the flip holder if it's something you will use" Not helpful in the slightest. Also, for those who haven't added shipping yet: be aware that the payment comes as a PayPal request for 8.50GBP, which means you will NOT be paying $12 for US shipping but rather whatever the conversion is based on the ever fluctuating exchange rate. In my case it was almost $14. It's not a huge difference I realize but it's still illegal in the US and UK to charge more than what is advertised. By no means am I suggesting anything was intentionally misleading but these kind of headaches kill all the excitement I have for the device. I mean, if I can't get a straight answer about a minor piece or pricing what will happen if I have an issue with the device itself!? Sorry to repeat this, but I'd love to see a bit of promised feedback, or at least a short explanation as to why the picture can't be shown. Hi Craig, From your update (24th Dec) : 'I've already packaged up the printed keymats to send to Michael on the 27th, and you should see a final working picture as soon as they arrive with him.' Have they arrived yet? Any chance of a look at the picture? Is there anybody out there............................? @Doc you had to include shipping.yourself. There won't be an invoice. the amounts needed are clearly stated ateach award level. just got a reply from the product 3 guys about the phone holder and if it will come with the raw version. "Yes it does come with the RAW version, I just forgot to include that question on the surveys - oops!" I have yet to receive shipping cost invoice. Sent request the same day I got my backer survey. Anyone else? People who ordered the raw version have every right to be worried. The fact that they do not have the option of not getting the holder on their questionaire is telling. Craig may have decided raw version means no holder and you want the product ASAP and forgot about the FAQ. I also do not like that the questionaires were sent before the product was ready. I foresee many difficulties. THIS HAS BEEN A VERY EXCITING EXPERIENCE TO SAY THE LEAST! I really hope I will receive the ICP2 controller(Raspberry Pi ready pack) I pledged for by June/2013 ^_^ . @Boone Disregard my previous post. The FAQ states that the clip holder is included in the raw version. @Boone I just checked the description of the raw version, and it just says the controller. If you contact Craig directly, you might ask if you could include more $ in your pledge to get bumped up. If he doesn't respond here, I'd try the iControlpad website contact. No guarantees, but it's worth a shot. I ordered a "raw" with the understanding it would have a flip holder. I will be displeased if that is not the case. I do not mind waiting, but the flip holder was why I liked the ICP2, when I saw that the FAQ stated raw had a holder I was in. I'm curious how much of a delay the clip will add. For me it's not essential, I plan to use it more of a home media remote/controller. However I would like the added benefit of having it for mobile. really hope the raw ones still ship with the holder, only reason im skeptical is cause of how the other people here got the surveys with questions asking if they would want the phone holder if it meant another delay . i ordered the raw one and never got that question. Same thing here for the raw version with no holder. Thanks for pointing out the FAQ. I though I had done a mistake and ordrered a icontrolpad 2 without one. @Bernabe This was another example of Craig trying to be nice that backfired on him. You had to include your shipping when you pledged. On my form my total amount was $87, $75 being my pledge level and $12 which was shipping to Canada. If you did not include extra money for shipping then you should have only $75 showing on your form. This means that you have to send the email to get the invoice so that they can charge you for shipping and send you your product...$12 for USA, Canada, Europe; $20 for the rest of the world. I was very impatient at first. But now that we see that things are moving along, I'm more patient now. I opted to wait on the holder n this time I won't be complaining because I chose to wait n understand now that it could take some time. Just excited to try this out :) Okay I did the survey. Did we get charged when the funding ended? Also did we also get charged for shipping? It asks that in the survey. I put yes but I don't remember. I may have to email them back n pay for the shipping. Anyone remember? I'm not too pleased about having yet another delay due to those flip holders. Without one, playing on a phone is a nightmare - no way I can just leave it out. It better be here by the end of April at the very latest. A three month delay is already more than enough and while I understand the difficulties they're having, they should have calculated this into their original time table. Just filled out my survey...I'm going to wait to get the holder as well, but hopefully the wait won't be too much longer. In the FAQ it asks if the 'RAW' version will have the holder and their answer was: "Yes, we will include it." But I also had the raw version and no question about the phone holder. i thought the raw comes with the holder, just not the usb isn't it? i wonder if the raw version is still coming with the holder still? i ordered the raw version and got no question asking me if i would like to wait a bit longer to get the phone holder. Pete, if you're not a bit annoyed about an extra 4-5 months wait, you must be a glutton for punishment! I'm kinda dreading finding out just how long we're gonna have to wait for the flip holder now; hopefully it's just a couple of weeks. @ Jeff, that is a logical assumption, which is probably correct, however I prefer to deal in hard facts, where possible. IMHO it would be a big step forward in terms of communication skills if we could get a picture of the actual clamp and a time scale as to how long the wait for the clamps will be. However, I'm fully aware that's not how Craig usually does things. If it's weeks then I'm more than happy to wait, if we're talking more than 2 months then I'd probably reconsider. How do other people feel? What I'd like to see is a option to have the item I paid for (Phone Clamp) shipped at a later date. I'd even be happy to pony up a little extra for additional shipping charges / provide an SAE. Just completed my survey. In for one with a holder! I'm excited to get it. I've been PC gaming with my iCP1. It's nice, but I'm ready to upgrade! Some advice to others: If you simply cannot wait for the holder, you could probably order it later from the iCP website whenever the KS run is finished and stock catches up. That's how it went down with the iCP1, so I imagine it'll be business as usual. That could be a while, though. ....am I the only one not b*tching about the wait...? @ Loon What I'm saying is that it won't look significantly different enough. Besides bottom line is do you want it to attach to your phone or not. Also if it's the last part to arrive before they start shipping it then they probably only have those prototypes to take pictures of. I can see what he's trying to do by giving you the option of leaving out the holder but it seems he would have been better off not to give us the option and just ship everyone's orders at the same time. Just got that survey Annoyed that I have to either wait for a flip holder or not get one! Would have preferred to get my iCP2 ASAP and then paid a little extra to ship the flip holder later! Really want the tCP2 ASAP, and have uses without the flip holder. But I can't use it on my phone without it. Grrrr. I didn't get any survey so far... @ Jeff La Pointe : From the home page : 'Be aware this is our prototype holder, the final version will be sleeker with the hinge in the centre.' I'd like to see a picture / sketch of the real thing before deciding if I wanted it or not. My guess is that others might feel the same way. Even confirmation along the lines of 'the final design looks pretty much like the prototype' would be better than leaving us guessing. @Tenka They are gradually being sent out. @Loon. I would think they look a lot like the clips already pictured on the home page. Has everyone officially received their shipping survey email, or are they gradually being sent out? Because my friend who also pledge for an iControlPad2 hasn't gotten their survey email yet. I tried sending a private message as well, but the address on my shipping survey had a typo. I guess that is what I get for filling it out on my phone. Two numbers were switched and the address given does not exist. It would not let me change it. What is the best way to get this address correction to the right place? @ Craig : Can you please show us a picture / sketch of the Universal Holder, it might help people make up their minds if they want to wait for the holder or not bother & get the iCP2 shipped earlier. @Thong It means you won't be getting your universal holder. They are not going to do two shipments. This user's account has been deleted. from craigix twitter "Moulding issue was a huge spanner in the works, KS update all about it coming tonight/tomorrow morning (depending on your location)" This is ridiculous. really hope the next update is coming soon and it comes with the shipping surveys, i upgraded to an iphone 5 and upgraded my ipad to the ipad 4. jailbreaked my devices, downloaded a bunch of emulators through cydia, downloaded blutrol, all cause of this device. GIVE US AN UPDATE. PLEASE. THANKS. SINCERELY MY $95 YOU HAVE. I have been very patient but we really need MORE updates. Almost a month since that last update! I don't want to have to search twitter to know what is going on with this! Come on Craig let us know what is happening! Device is 4 months late, we deserve very regular updates on progress. Everytime you know something, WE should know it! Even if you think it's not big enough news for an official "update", post in the comments here! More news from Craig's twitter. @Craigix: There will be an iCP2 update 'soon' once we have a final answer about this mouding issue (today I hope). Also @Craigix: We will be doing the iCP2 shipping surveys this week, not all in one go, in sections to make management of it easier. Hi Craig, From your update (24th Dec) : 'I've already packaged up the printed keymats to send to Michael on the 27th, and you should see a final working picture as soon as they arrive with him.' Have they arrived yet? Any chance of a look at the picture? Is there anybody out there............................? @ Matt Wiseman It was established a long time ago (and since the goals cannot be changed once set) that the phone holder is standard with all iCP2's. This can be verified by reading the FAQ. @Tristan well the developers controllers are also "hand made" (?) which leads me to believe they might be a functional, albeit lower quality device for testing. Since the delays have negated my need for a development device... I'd just as soon get the nice pretty one. Also the "collectors edition" has the phone holder as well Hi guys! Any new info on the ICP2? Getting my Surface on Saturday and I was wondering if we have any info on making it work on Windows yet? I know it's supposed to be open and usable on all platforms so it would be great to get it running on the Surface, would make it a killer portable gaming system! I assume the difference is exactly what it says and nothing more - "Wooden presentation box, numbered, slightly different colour case, with signed letter of thanks from the development team." I imagine the developers pre-release has none of those things but is made and shipped early. I posted something like this before, but reposting for clarification; What is the difference between "iControlpad2 Special edition" and "Developers pre-release iControlpad2" besides the wooden box? I put in for the developers pre-release, but as we're well past my development deadline I was wondering if it would be possible to get the Special Edition instead if its a higher quality/better option. It would work out good for you as well as the Special Edition one was cheaper than the dev one. Depends.. hardware always fails.. like four in a hundred or something is expected. I'm just wondering. Craig has a history of horrible communication when things go bad in past projects.... but the iCP2 seems to be running well enough and he's still horrible at communication.. I guess it's his shtick. I've got to admit I'm pretty surprised by people who've had problems with their ICP1s since mine has always worked perfectly, but I guess that's the problem with buying one now that they've moved all their attention to ICP2. I don't see the reason for someone to post about 50 times advertising different control pads though. Just leave one comment explaining why you don't like yours and leave it at that. And for the whole question of the ICP costing more than "competitors" - people are always willing to pay more for a quality product, and the ICP is already as good or better than any other gamepad out now, and it was out ages ago. The ICP2 will be the best controller out there by a mile. It's just a shame that most people won't even know it exists, because of the bent way the publicity war works. By the way, those with QC issues (both of my iCPs are fine by the way): the ICP1 is a simple construction and can be taken apart *at your own risk* and reassembled quite easily and you can fix most problems yourself by shaving off a bit of excess plastic, reseating a mat or button or (for some here) re-glueing the d-pad (it is glued on originally) with a tiny amount of rubber/plastic glue. I do not think you guys *should* be required to do such things, but if you are having trouble getting a repair or replacement via Craig than at least you get to enjoy your iCP1s... I was quite pleased with my 'regular' iCP1 and was in fact on my way to buy a 2nd when I stumbled across this campaign and decided to chip in and support the good cause by getting one here. That is why I am perfectly happy with my SE iCP1, but I have to agree that the missing promised clamps, the red face buttons that never materialized, the QC issues some people are having and most importantly, the lack of communication or support on this KS are not professional. I honestly never understood why anyone was buying the icp1 tiers.....isn't the project all about the slick new ICP2 ???? I had an ICP1 and found it to only be so so and was required to drill my own holes in order to clamp the phone properly.... They simply ripped me off. This "Special Edition" iControlpad 1 is a Joke. No Clamps. Buttons that get stuck in. Sticker on the back = Special Edition apparently. Hope you enjoy the Money Craig. You are a Hack and a Charlatan. Shame on you. I'm washing my hands of this utter Trash. Please find for your delight and amusement a rough papercraft model of the iCP2. Print it and build it, it should make those long Winter evenings fly by whilst you wait the requisite 2 months for the real thing. <url>€13 to have it checked through customs. My US proxy address costs me $ 30 but delivers within a week. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation, regards, Hans Hey everyone I received me icontrolpad 1 a week or two ago. BUYER BEWARE! Love the device but BEWARE if something goes wrong you are on your own. No return, warranties or help from these guys. The build quality seemed pretty good but within two weeks of it sitting on my desk and being used maybe 3 times my directional button simply fell off? I contacted them for help over a week ago but it seems like they don't really care about customer service at this point so BUYER BEWARE. Otherwise when it works it's great. Update #24 : We have bought a small yacht. Thanks for that. Cheers Craig, Good to see you're still with us ;) Looking forward to that update, it's far more important to get a good product to market a few months later than planned than rushing it out to meet a possibly unrealistic deadline IMHO. Would still love to see the final working picture from MWeston though. Best of luck Mr Loon PS Who is responsible for producing the ICP2 firmware? Is that M Weston? How is progress going with that? I know there have been delays with this project, but seriously guys an update or two might give us some hope that we can receive sometime soon and would settle the nerves for us too. Hi Craig, From your last update (24th Dec) : 'I've already packaged up the printed keymats to send to Michael on the 27th, and you should see a final working picture as soon as they arrive with him.' Have they arrived yet? For all the backers: last week I got a reply from Craig on my question what the new estimated shipping date would be for the iCP2. Here's his answer. Hello Drammurt, We will be doing the final survey this month and we hope to have the first dev versions shipping after that. Essentially it will take as long as the manufacturer takes and I've rather given up on telling people their estimates because they often miss the dates. I think we will see major movement in shipping numbers in February though. Thanks, Craig Apparently today on his twitter Craig told someone that he was planning on a big update this week. I'm anxious too; but I do love my iCP1...we shall see how this goes. :/ The lack of updates and recent comments on this feed have left me somewhat anxious. I hope all this waiting is not for nothing... Or a shoddy product, which is the same as nothing to me Pledge for Icontrolpad 1 special edition , i recived a normal edition ( blu button ) with button like "A,A,X,B" instead of "A,Y,X,B" . Now after 2 weeks and only 3 hour of use the D-pad fall off . This is the worst controller i had in my life . Thanks Craig . Yeah! When are we getting this? Waited a long time.... are people getting these yet? I paid for the dev release to do some work in October and haven't received anything yet.. Craig J V Rothwell (@Craigix) tweeted at 8:29 AM on Mon, Jan 14, 2013: Entirely caught up with iCP KS comms as of today, if you need to speak to us from now on please email via the website as it's much quicker. Hey Craig, any chance you could let us know the keyboard layout for ICP2? meanwhile, if you don't have a Pandora yet - check out what you're missing!! <url>"Take all the time you need Craig, in order to provide a quality final product." I still reckon Paul needs a girlfriend - marriage is not the same!! :p j/k I don't think we will hear from Craig until there is good news... that said, it's been almost a month since the last update - so we should be hearing about the Mass Production run of the ICP2 in the next update :) I know iCP devs can be bad about communication, but they're really not running that far behind. I believe they originally projected a ship date of Christmas, and it's only about 3 weeks past. I just wish we'd get a bit more communication. The promised weekly updates have turned in to biweekly, if that. Still, I'll be happy as long as they deliver the product they promised! Kinda disheartening when another kickstarter program developer answers a private message in under 30 minutes after it was asked while this group has failed to answer any questions, comments, or add updates...just saying. (For those wondering it was the Gamestick dev so go check that out as well) *not advertising just figured you all would be as equally intrigued in it as I am* I'm super pissed off. First of all, I contacted you guys via private message first to avoid negativity in a public forum. Been 8 days with no response, so I don't feel bad. Ok so iControlPad1 is what I ordered ($49 tier). Wanted it right away and thought, "hey, they are working a second one, so production of the first must already be underway and It'll ship immediately, like the estimate implies." Wrong. I don't get it until December?! Ok, I guess it might make sense since they were doing a special edition of it for Kickstarter with the red buttons or whatever. NOPE! My version is all black, no special edition anything, except for a sticker on the back that says Kickstarter funded. So I had to wait 3 months for something you guys were already producing? WTF?! Then there's the quality control... First, my version did not come with the bumpers that extended to the top, to grip the phone, like the instructions said it would. COOL! So now I have to find my own way to prop the phone up. Second, and this one is far more important, the "Y" button was completely and obviously broken. It was sunk into the controller and half the button was inside the controller. Even after forcing it back into it's original position (which was not easy), it didn't pop back up. It is permanently held down, so any "Y" action is activated constantly. So let's summarize. Not a special edition, huge shipping delay despite being the original version, missing parts, and straight up broken, all with 8 days of no customer service. I've backed EIGHTY (80) projects on Kickstarter and this is literally the first time I've been 100% dissatisfied with a company. I WANT A FULL REFUND! Hey Craig. Hurry uppppp! Yeah, I forgot about batteries delay and I'm not crying after 4 years of waiting for Open Pandora. Just guessing when iCP2 is going to be shipped. I'm going to be happy when my hands will touch it before May :) Yes, the estimated delivery was Nov, but things happen, especially in technology projects like this! And it was always an ESTIMATED delivery date anyway! (Sorry for the 3 posts :( ) Update #23:- "As suspected the battery company have delayed delivery until the 20th now (Christmas supply delays apparently...) so the backlit keyboard was the right move to make as we have lost no time at all in doing it as the batteries would have been late either way." @Adam; actually, there were production or delivery delays with had nothing to do with the backlighting according to Craig, so that time was spent - instead of doing nothing - trying to implement the backlighting, which has been done successfully Adding backlight LED already did Two Months™ delay. I can bet shipping will occur in April-June window. Ok now the troll has moved on (hopefully). Can anyone answer my question regarding the ability to turn the backlights on/off? Also do we have a current EST for delivery? So eager to play my GS3 with this. Thanks @Lindsey Colman - Have you contacted them about the lack of side clamps? The FAQ clearly states that it should come with both holders. I'll be furious if they're backing down on that promise. The internet and freedom of speech are two beautiful concepts. :P Just accept it, that not everybody shares your opinion. If you don't like it, get a headset and a blindfold and listen to yourself all day. IMHO Paul Moss has been very polite and it's not forbidden to talk about other products. Just read his comments from old to new by clicking his name and see how his enthousiasm has turned into disappointment. I was promised to get an iCP2 by november and get annoyed everytime I have to plug in a wired keyboard, a wired gamepad and an USB-hub into my Raspberry Pi to play retrogames or the fact that I still can't play games on my phone because the iCP2-team delayed the project. I've been trying to get an update on the new expected shipping date for more than two weeks now and haven't recieved an answer yet (like many others here or on the official iCP2-forum). I'm worried. @Paul Moss I think it was mostly the multiple comments that were irritati.g people. Which you stopped once it was drawn to your attention. Your irritation was understandable. The side clamps were for attaching an ipbone exclusively....if you don't use an iPhone theyare useless. @Paul Moss: Naaww man you did nothing wrong, it was just your opinions and stuff, thnx for the info! people here is to picky these days haha just accept comments. At least you got your iCP1, mine haven't arrived!!! I emailed Craig, send him a message and post in his forum but he haven't answered me..... @Everyone I've upset: I'm sorry. This is my last post, I promise lol. @Lindsey Colman: Case in point lol. @Stuart taylor: Glad you like your Gametel haha. I love mine. It's not perfect, but it gets the job done. @Tom McLeod they are not advertisements. It's not like I'm getting paid to talk about other products lol. Get real. Everyone who backed this project are fans of smartphone gamepads. Excuse me for talking about other ones. Not sure if anyone watched CES this last week in the U.S but here is an upcoming controller that pretty much is going to solve all these problems. It wont fit in your pocket, but that's why they invented backpacks. Worst case, you throw it in your car lol. I sold my icp on ebay, got my money back, I'm over it and moving on. Peace! <url>"By the end of this year, I wouldn't be surprised if the icp2 is squeezed out." -> It's not even out yet, you know *NOTHING* about how it actually is, no one does, you can't make predictions like this. "No one will chose a more expensive product over a cheaper one that does the same thing." -> you haven't given a single example yet with even half the features of the iCP2, to say they do the same thing is *absurd*, a blatant lie, and trolling to get attention because he wont answer your messages. "And for the record, I have earned my right to complain." -> yes, about *your* iCP1 and your issues with contact with them, *NOT* about iCP2, not to come here and talk about tons of other controllers and set them up as competition when again, they don't fulfil half the feature set of iCP2. "So all you people defending craig need to realize that he deserves some legitimate heat." -> so here you admit to trolling? you're saying that he needs to be bashed and that's what you're doing? And as for the comment about this time next year all evidence points towards the contrary my friend. "And if you don't want to make the best controller, then ignoring feedback is the best way to make sure your product falls short of what consumers want." -> Then give some *constructive* feedback for once. All you've said so far has either been fixed from iCP1 to iCP2 or is pure trolling. The only useful thing you've mentioned is making an app... "If I was someone waiting for an icp2, I would be worried." -> but you're not, trying to spread fear like this *IS* trolling, by definition, grow up, contact craig through a channel you know he'll answer (you'd think after getting no official response on here for awhile you'd try somewhere else, but meh), and stop bashing here. And please stop making 4 posts at a time, I find it rather annoying. And for what it's worth I'm sorry that your iCP 1 sucks(you could have mentioned this issue earlier in the conversation as well), and it should get fixed, but that doesn't mean you should come here posting tens of comments bashing craig and the iCP 2, especially when you don't even have one. @Paul: your icp1 has *blue* face buttons!? Wow... dpad as well? If they had trouble with 80 icp 1 orders, you can bet there will be some issues with the thousands of icp 2's. There is big reason for concern there. If I was someone waiting for an icp2, I would be worried. And for the record, I have earned my right to complain. I paid $70 for an icp that was promised to be black with red face buttons, red triggers, a kickstarter logo, and side holder clamps. What did I receive? A blue icp with green triggers, blue face buttons, a sticker that says kickstarter, and no side clamps. I've sent multiple messages to craig about it. NO RESPONSE. In short, they did not hold up their end of the bargain. I didn't get what I paid for. They haven't even replied back and at least apologize. So all you people defending craig need to realize that he deserves some legitimate heat. Maybe you won't think I'm so bad when you are still waiting for your icp2's this time next year lol. The bottom line is: I'm just a consumer who is really into smartphone gaming. I just want the best controller. Right now, there isn't anything thats %100 percent satisfying in regards to a phone controller. Everything on the market has one or two serious flaws. And if you don't want to make the best controller, then ignoring feedback is the best way to make sure your product falls short of what consumers want. Listen to what people really want, design the product with that in mind, and whatever you make will have a good shot at being successful. Then you can sit back and sip alcohol out of a coconut on the beach ; ). Do I want craig to fail? No. I gave him $70 bucks. I want him to make this thing work. But if there is ever a hope of being an icp2 for mass market, or an ic3, they need to address these issues. Rest my case lol. So all of a sudden, product feedback is now trolling???? Actually, the only way to make a product better is to channel feedback into improved design and functionality. Its not an attack. Im just pointing out some simple observations about the icp2 and the smartphone industry trends. Read whats going on. Mad Catz is announcing a new smartphone controller this week at the Las Vegas electronics show (aka, the biggest electronics expo in north america). The big companies have already begun investing in smartphone controllers. By the end of this year, I wouldn't be surprised if the icp2 is squeezed out. There's going to be a lot of competition. No one will chose a more expensive product over a cheaper one that does the same thing. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. Did I say that the icp2 sucks? Nope. Did I say people who like it are wrong? Nope. I don't know why you guys are so sensitive about a few comments concerning this things long term chances. Get over it lol. Does anyone know if we can turn the backlit keyboard on/off easily? I love the idea of it but don't want it shining in my face while playing in the dark. Super excited to get my ICP2 in the next month or so! Thanks! Until it's in your hand, keep the opinions to yourself. also. The company just needs to make enough profit to make Product 4. Every small company needs a chance to grow.... this is a chance to prove themselves to people. It doesn't need to sell billions or be the cheapest.. The race to the bottom is never good. Until then, VOTE ****! @Jeff, he's free to be dissapointed and consider other things, but he doesn't need to make multiple double posts and 8 posts over 3 days all harrassing this one project to do so. Not to mention he can't even buy one for another year+, he's got plenty of time to consider it without needing to attack this project. @Paul, please leave, you're not being constructive and you're not contributing to any useful discussion, this is a Kickstarter for the iCP2, not the gametel, moga, etc. But if craig wanrs the icp2 to off. It needs to be easier to set up and use right out of the box. They have to create an app for the android and ios store. The average consumer isnt going to have the patience to download blue ime and configure everything, get on forums for help, etc. It needs to just work. The Gametel and moga succed in this area and thats why they are eating the icp's lunch in terms of market penetration. Icp just doesnt have the developer support. So its harder to market. The moga, despite its flaws, has gained quite a bit of traction. Its in the commercials for the galaxy note 2 and s3. Its not always about having the best product unfortunatley. Its about having the money to market and promote it. Craig is going to need to get some investors on board if he wants the icp2 to become a commercial success. I hope he does. Like I said. I will wait for the icp2 reviews. But as of right now, there is no clear choice when it comes to the best all around smartphone gamepad. They all have major design and compatability flaws. Hopefully the icp2 solves all these problems. We shall see. @grandeisern....Im married lol. Nice try though. And the gametel is the same size as the icp. It fits in about any pocket. And Im worried about the icp2 size being smaller than the icp1. The gametel is a bit less wide and causes some left thumb cramping after a while. Hopefully its not an issue with icp2 Paul isn't trolling.... He doesn't want the keyboard so that isn't important to him; his observations about the unfortunate placement of the shoulder buttons is valid and the iCP is light so it does tend to be top heavy. In the end he is still considering the iCP2 he is just disappointed with iCP1. Most of us I think though pledged because of the keyboard. Once connected to your phone it provides physical keys that can be transferred to any device and frees up screen space. It folds behind the phone with the new holder so it forms a single unit....I'll be looking for a belt clip to hold it. Most importantly the shoulder buttons are on top....a much needed correction of the iCP1 design. The back lighting was never a big deal to me...I can type in the dark. In the old days we learned to never look at the keys...I still retain that philosophy. It's a big deal to a lot of you however... so yay; we have it. It just offers the most functionality for the money; the smallest fully programmable portable keyboard I have seen and a game pad. So yeah; it can compete. Yeah Paul, you should get a girlfriend or something, go out, grab some dinner - you know - don't let the internet fry your braincells. I actually checked the other controllers you described and I s still think Icp2 is the best choice. Moga is too big and clunky, Gametel - looks like a total mess and Phonejoy - I still cant figure out what exactly this is. All three definitely won`t fit in your pocket - ICP2 on the other half is the only alternative that will not only fit but also looks elegant and smooth - I think this is the main reason why we funded it. Take all the time you need Craig, in order to provide a quality final product. @Paul Moss, as far as I know the majority of the controllers you've mentioned don't have any sort of analog controls, and none have a keyboard, open source software, or a backlight. You're trying to compare apples with oranges. They don't plan on competing with anything else, because there *is nothing* else like the icp2 now. Please stop trolling these comments. One thing the icp2 has over the phonejoy play is the compact-ability factor. There is no way your fitting a phonejoy play in your pocket. Its way to big. On a side note, I do prefer the icp1's dpad over the gametel. It feels a bit more responsive. Because the gametel isn't as wide, and the dpad isn't as loose, your left thumb gets a bit fatigued after playing for a while. I def am going to wait to see some reviews of the icp2. The only thing that concerns me is the holder and the phone feeling top heavy. Looks like we will have to wait and see who takes the cake: Phonejoy Play or icp2. And how they plan on competing with other smartphone gamepads is beyond me. The gametel is $30. Moga is $40. Phonejoy is $50. Not many people are going to cough up almost $70 bucks for an icp2 when they consider all the other options. The trigger buttons on the icp 1 are just placed oddly. They are between where my index finger and middle fingers lay. So I have to reach if i want to press them. Basically making them useless. Its just a big design flaw in my opinion. The gametel is also much lighter and feels more ergonomic when my phone is clipped in. This is because the triggers are more up and behind the phone. So it feels more like one unit and doesnt feel top heavy. With the icp1, my phone feels so top heavy that it becomes uncomfortable to hold. I have a galaxy s2 btw. I think the icp2 is going to have a 'top heavy' problem even more so because when you look at it, the way the trigger buttons are on top and because the holder doesn't slide out, there is space between the phone and trigger buttons. I just think overall its a big design flaw in terms of gaming. I just dont get the big deal about a qwerty key board. This is supposed to be a game pad, not a texting accessory. It seems like they forgot about designing a better gamepad because they are trying to turn it into two different devices: A texting add on and a game pad. I would have liked to see a 'true' game pad. Ah well. The thing I like about the gametel is the supported game list in the app. You can see all the games that have built in support for the gametel and read about the game without having to go into the play store. I have a iCP1 I and I do like it except for the placement of the shoulder pads...but I'm waiting for iCP2 in which this is corrected. That Gametel is just a minor upgrade compared to iCP2 as the new controller will have a full keyboard and will slide together to form a single unit. [main reason I pledged]. It sucks that iCP1 backers didn't get the new holder as that little piece of metal might have appeased some of you a little. I'm still hoping that iCP2 will be built just as well as my iCP1; even with the changes. Sega* Hrmmm I may have to look into that Gametel. The one I was originally thinking of was big and clunky, resembled a sea genesis controller but this is pretty nice looking and the price is great if it works well. Message for anyone that wants to sell their iCP1: Avversario is a user on the iCP2-forum that is interested in buying the iCP1 Special Edition. Registration on that forum (<url>"shoulder" buttons. Already peeled the sticker off. Thought it was a KickStarted logo that either a plastic or metal logo placed on the controller. I also asked if you received the side clamps because that's what I was told but didn't want to go into it yet. My start button gets stuck under the platic molding and the left bumped button feels bunk. Hmm... just noticed tha FAQ states the iCP1 was supposed to have dark red face buttons and d-pad as well (which, unless dark red means black, it hasn't). Personally not too botheted by this, but a bit more communication about it wouldn't have hurt.. @Paul: now that you mention it, mine came without side clamps too (I personally have no use for these so I initially didn't miss them- thought people meant the removable rubber sides). Wonder if all the shoulder buttons are green underneath the red paint and yours is just a QC issue? I'd try to contact them for a replacement. So i got my icp1. No side clamps included. In the faq its stated it would include clamps. No red left and right back buttons. They are see through green. What the hell? Ive got buyers remorse. Im selling it on ebay and buying a gametel. The left and right triggers are super uncomfortable. You live ya learn. So long kickstarter lol Noticing a few build issues but won't get into it now. Not gonna worry till after the holiday. Merry Christmas Everyone!!! I spoke too soon! Didn't think USPS delivered on Christmas eve, then I see the truck going up the street. Walk down with no expectations and BAM! It's right there! And on top of that, 2 other kickstarter projects also arrived! (TGT wallet + Enclave Eyewear 20/20) Haven't had a chance to try it out but I'll be back with the reviews. Thanks Craig & the ICP Team! * It also came with a personal Christmas card! Seriously disappointed as well... No ICP1 in time for Christmas :-( According to the update a few weeks ago I should be getting mine tomorrow (14 days from the 7th). I just want it before I have to go over to my inlaws house on christmas. lol. Netherlands. Thought they shipped from the UK, but not sure about that, maybe both judging by the lower shipping costs for US and Europe. Wouldn't be too worried yet though, shipping times tend to vary wildy, and with the holidays everything is a bit slower than usual anyway. And if they indeed shipped oversees it may be held up at customs. Am I the only ICP1-backer that received it already, by the way? @Patrick, Where do you live? I thought that the icp1 would have been delivered by now. I also thought that their fulfillment center was located in New Jersey, where I reside, so it should have been a speedy delivery. I could be getting my kickstarter updates mixed up. Thanks. Per update #22, Dec 7. "Those of you who pledged at the iCP1 final edition level, your controller will now have been shipped and you leave us, I hope, with a product you very much enjoy! You get custom red shoulder buttons and a KS logo on your iCP. Please leave at least 14 days for delivery as sometimes shipping takes quite a while at this time of year." In the last update they said all the icp1's were shipped?? Im so confused. iCP1 shipping will continue until the 22nd. We're currently shipping all orders within 24 hours. iCP2 production starts after Christmas. <url>"M"ovember mustaches I've seen. Stay classy my friend... Come along with us. Come with us to Awesome town. Waiting on this 'full update' we were promised ... :) Does anybody know if Blutrol has been updated to assign joysticks? Not just the D-Pad (Up, Down, Left, Right) but movements like down+right or up+left? <url>"Been driven mad by a supplier for the iCP2 the last 10 days, pleased to report another company have come to the rescue Full update on Friday" Looking forward to that update :L I already have a iCP1 and its an amazing product and its why I took a chance on this. I've pretty much resigned myself to waiting. Seeing other projects the wait after a project is funded seems to be a long time. I've seen things like the Orbit, a simple suction cup and ball joint that's taken a year to make. Or the Pebble...lots of people are irritated at that one. There are several projects that do this and that's why I probably won't be using this again. Craig however has produced a reliable product before, and seeing the latest update seems to be on track to make another one. At first I was leery but now I'm sated...it may take till February but I have no doubt we'll have both our controllers soon. No problem Paul; happy to try and lend a hand :) And I know, I saw! I didn't pledge for an iCP1, but they do look amazing I sent him a tweet as well. He posted a pic of the icp1 on his twitter account btw. they are sick!!! red buttons with a black case. so awesome well thats good news. thanks for saying something. i appreciate it. i did send back the shipping survey so i should be good. @Paul and @Emanuele; I've just Tweeted Craig saying he might want to come over here and say something, because people aren't happy. I am, however, pleased for you to say I noticed a Tweet from yesterday which said :- "Last of the KS iCP1 special editions shipping this week. Well, apart from the 7 people who have still not responded, hint hint :)" I'm waiting the ICP 1 controller too. No Shippping confirmation . No a real answer from them . no just the icp1 @Paul; Have you pledged for an iCP2 as well? That being said, if i dont recieve a shipping confirmation by the end of this week im going to file a complaint with kickstarter lol. They havn't lived up to their promise with respect to the icp1. im hope that our messages just got lost in their inbox. Im sure they have gotten hundreds of questions and some just get missed. That should have been two months ago...* They shouldnt be affecting the production at all. When I spoke with Craig back in September, he told me they were ready to ship as long as the KS was a success. They should have been two months ago... @Paul, good luck. I messaged them on November 19th and have yet to hear a response. I love how helpful and responsive kickstarter creaters are while their projects are being funded, but the second the KS becomes successfully and ends, they go MIA. Yea I sent a message to them asking about shipping the icp1 on monday and I have yet to get a response. I don't appreciate how difficult it is to get a response from them. I'm not sure how the delays to the icp2 are affecting the icp1's this badly. Going on 2 months now...... Has anybody who pledged for the final special edition of the iCP1 get any sort of update on shipping? Which one do you believe is the best Full HD Phablet for your IControlPad2? In my Poll you can see an updated list with all Full HD, 5 inch or bigger phablets coming out in Q1-Q3, 2013, when the IcontrolPad2 comes out. Which one of them will turn your IControlPad2 into the ultimate gaming devise? Vote here: <url>`m considering buying as a new gaming device to go with the controller is the Windows mobile equipped 5,9 inch Full HD ZTE phablet, rumored for Q1 next year (other options being the Sony Odin and Samsung Galaxy S4). Any feedback or response is greatly appreciated. Not trying to be a pain in the ass but I paid for double shipping so I could receive the ICP1 right away and the ICP2 when it was ready. Last I checked, the ICP1 was supposed to be ready to ship as soon as the KS came to a close and they received their money through Amazon. We are now getting into the month of December. I had directly emailed but failed to receive a response as of now. So is it safe to assume the final special edition of the ICP1 has shipped? Will be receiving a tracking number? Question. As much as I gathered this device: - will run without root on any Android phone. - will require root for any IOS phone. But what about Windows mobile? One of the phablets I`m considering buying as a new gaming device to go with the controller is the Windows mobile equipped 5,9 inch ZTE phablet, rumored for Q1 next year (other options being the HTC DLX, Sony Odin and Samsung Galaxy S4). @Emanuele Piredda It did take an extra month for them to get their cash from Kickstarter so expect that to create a few delays. I wouldn't start worrying about that until sometime next week. I'm waiting for ICP Shipping information but the ICP customer service not responde to my email , THE SHIPPING WAS ESTIMATED FOR october 2012 , **************** NOW IS 22 of November AND NO!!! INFO , NO SHIPPING ******************** Any news on when the ICP 1's are going to ship out? Are we getting a shipping confirmation email? @Jeff. Cheers buddy, that's reassuring. I shall await a survey when the iCP2s are ready. I suspect we're looking at 2013 now so UK address it is! @Jeff: I *do* understand your concerns. I admit a part of me has those same concerns... I am, however, choosing to have faith that it will all work out (based on all the evidence at hand). In honesty I do not believe that it's possible for the entire project to fail if they are not successfull in adding backlighting... I feel the worst that could happen is extended delays, with sub-par backlighting at the end of the road, as well as quite a few pissed off backers. I don't feel it will come to this. I believe that Craig chose to do the backlighting because by the time he had reached the deadline for making a decision - it was no longer a decision about wether backlighting could be implimented successfully, but a question of: Is the delay required to impliment this worth it? The answer to that appears to be: Yes. However, you are completely right. We can only wait and see. The world could end at new years after all. ;) @Matthew Lister The 'tried' and failed part is what I'm worried about. They have not added backlighting, it is being tried but they have not succeeded yet. They had a completed product and they were ready to make it. The majority made them change it. This caused a cascade of problems which are being worked on but they have not yet been completely resolved. Only time will tell if they succeed or not in making it work with this new feature. I don't care if it has backlighting, I only want the controller. However, if they spend all their money trying to add backlighting, fail and cause the product to not be made...this will mean EVERYONE will be annoyed rather then only a few. They have however chosen to do this. All I can do now is hope you're right and it works out. Fortunately, they have decided to add backlighting. :) It would have been unfortunate if they had 'tried' but failed. :) These delays are certainly worth it for the overall success of the ICP2 (and any future projects), and the *MAJORITY* of backers are very much in support of the decision. Hopefully the delay will not be too long, and every backer that isn't all that concerned about backlighting gets their ICP2s ASAP. @Lyndon Brooker These projects seem to get delayed a lot and moving is a concern across the board. That is the main reason why the survey is sent out, to get any changes to your address and why it won't come until the iControlPad2 is ready to go. Unfortunately, they have decided to try to add backlighting so we do not know when that will be. Just a quick question. When it's finished is the item shipped to the address I have amazon or will I be asked when my survey is sent out? I ask because I pledged for the limited edition that were to be the first production models, whilst living in Australia, but I will be moving to the UK just before Christmas, and naturally I don't then want the item going to oz! I am happy to wait for the back lighting, just want to be sure I can get the item sent to my uk (non amazon billing) address? Yea Craig said somewhere that once the payments made it through Amazon, he would send out the surveys for anyone pledging for the iCP1. A while back I think he said if you paid shipping once for multiple items, they would all ship together when ready. Andy, I had pledged for an iControlPad1 special edition and the 2 pack of iCP2s... I had the iCP special edition "selected". That must be why I got my survey. But I am fine with waiting until it can all ship at once, I just didn't have the option to mention that. @MikeShelEy, good question. I didn't even think about that because the surveys get adjusted for add ons or at least a comments box to verify your extra add ons. @PaulMoss, sounds like your covered. I pledged for a special final edition iCP1 as well as an boxed edition iCP2. I set my reward tier for the iCP1 but adjusted my pledge. I paid shipping twice so I could get the iCP1 as soon as possible. Which reward levels are those who have got their surveys? is it only the $49 level/original iControlPad pledge levels? So... I got my survey, but I pledged for multiple reward levels--there is no where in the survey to detail what else I want to get. It only asks for a shipping and email address. Where do I spell out what I would like my pledge to go towards? So I submitted the info for the shipping survey and now I have a question. I pledged $61 at the $49 level. And then it said add $12 for shipping. So I pledged $61. So does that mean I paid for shipping or was that a separate payment I need to still make? Just got my shipping survey! Have the fulfilment emails been sant out yet? I don't have one. Please get back soon. I have doubts it would even ship in time for christmas without the backlight, so put my vote in for wait for backlight however long it takes. as long as you don't just start adding a laundry list of new features and work on the ones that are outlined IR & Backlight, nail it down, get it right, make a solid product I'm happy to wait as well, but don't overreach if it's going to bankrupt you. Also prepared to wait for back lighting, within reasonable time frame of course. Glad to wait for back lighting. Happy to wait. Back lighting in my mind is an important feature for something that at least partly will be used to control things from the couch. When its made and available to the general public I could see it marketed to more than just gamers. there are many people that wouldn't even look at it when they see the words game controller. If you tell them that its a physical bluetooth keyboard that attaches to any phone and that slides neatly behind I know of many people that would buy it solely on that. The fact that it has a game pad would be an unused feature. iControlpad2 is simply the smallest while still comfortable bluetooth keyboard I have seen. I'm for back lit keypads. i agree with victor, blutrol needs to be the complete solution its presented as in the video first and foremost. No support for either analogue stick after a year of Ringwald having an ICP1 suggests its not going to solve itself without out some input from his friends at Pandora. No interest towards backlighting. Shipping before Christmas is much more important. A survey should really be sent out soon to figure out better the votes on delay or not. Most people fall under (need before Christmas and want a complete product) is it viable to have a split choice to get led with delay or take current stock without led as long as there is no price change? (Basically you pay the same regardless of led or non-led on the basis of getting it earlier so everyone is happy.) I know this might not be possible because of minimum quantity order on the manufacturer, but had to ask. I don't think backlights would be huge deal to me atleast not for me I'm more in favor of Christmas time. I got one for my sister. Can we have more visibility on the dates without backlight and with backlight. This way we can make better decision if we want to wait. Have supported another ks project and it get delayed. It make me quite disappointed if this project got delayed too long unnecessarily. thanx Create a poll so we can vote for "wait" or "not". I would first like to see a major issue fixed first. Blutrol which is the only app which maps IOS touch controls to the ICP real controls , cannot map the ICP2 analogue nubs.. It means if your planning to use the ICP2 with an iPhone or iPod touch, you will not be able to map to the ICP2s analogue nubs rendering them useless for IOS devices. Major issue in my book. I have suggested that a few thousand dollars might get the devs of Blutrol to fix this issue. I would rather wait. its would be nice to get it for Christmas but I wouldn't mind waiting another few weeks if it had the backlighting I say forget backlight. Sounds like more trouble than its worth. Wait for back lighting gets my vote. My personal preference would be to wait for backlighting as I would find that very useful. If that goes against prevailing opinion though, I would happily accept getting it in time for Christmas... I am honestly not married to the backlight keys. If the delay was for the second set of shoulder buttons I would be all about waiting. Actually if you scrap the lights and add the shoulders I would be happier anyway. If the backlight is going to delay production and delivery at this point, scrap them. That was a nice-to-have feature to work on while twiddling your thumbs and waiting for funding, not an integral part of the design. Ship it for Christmas :). The extra back lighting isn't a much needed feature as nice as it is. I don't mind waiting for the lights. It makes the differece in being able to use it at night or with my livingroom pc or not. As below - just ship it. @The last email: Christmas! Christmas! Christmas! When will the icp 2 shipped in Belgium? @ spencer Penaloza Plus the delay is partially related to us earning extra features via stretch goals ;) I'm just beyond excited to get my icp. I feel like a kid on Christmas eve again lol. Can't wait! ouch to the delays, but can't be helped seen this happen in many cases (banks work at the speed of dried tree sap =p) thanks for the update :D Yeah i guess. I got a message from them saying ill get a shipping email last week. So i was just thinking maybetey missed me. @Paul There is no specific shipping date...it may be a week it might not be until Dec...Jan...no one really knows. As mentioned, you will receive an email when they are ready to ship. Just have to be patient...they ship when they ship. @Janardan Do what? If you know what then you know why... @Adam I have no idea that you're trying to do here. Tsk. Three? So they are shipping in december? No i didnt read that.... @Dylan Search that phrase here: <url>"Also we will be shipping out the iCP1 controllers possibly this week, it depends on when the final ones arrive from Germany, those of you who pledged at that level will receive a message when we're ready." I'm presuming that they are awaiting the last delivery/ies. Remember, the delivery date was only an estimate, and they can't control when they get them to then send on Three Months™? @Paul It looks you didn't heard about Three Months™ So it said est delivery of the icp1 was oct. Its nov and still havent got a shipping email.....whats goin on? @Ronnie, I would assume so, the Nexus 4 is smaller than the Note, which fits in it. Anyone know if the Nexus 4 will fit in this? Any idea if the Nexus 4 will fit in the holder? Does anyone know if the BT stick will work with RASPBMC on the Raspberry Pi out of the box or will we need to install something to get it working? The estimated delivery for the original iControlpad says October which is about to end... so when are we going to get the surveys for our shipping info? @Mark, thanks. I somehow missed that part. @AMT, I think it's great so far. I upgraded from a Nexus S 4G, so obviously I'd notice quite a difference. One of the biggest (pun not intended) differences is that my old phone was just about the same size as the screen of this one. I wasn't sure if it'd be a pain to carry around with me, but it's not quite as big of a deal as my mind made it out to be. It's not awkward to hold, it fits in all my pockets just fine. The size isn't an issue and the extra screen size is great. @Dylan Wilson How is it?? I plan on getting one once scumbag verizon decides to ship it... If you read the FAQ at the bottom of the main page you'd find this:- "The holder uses a padded, hinged, metal bracket, the phone slides in to it from the side. 5 sizes are included, they can hold from the iPhone4 to the huge Galaxy Note 2. We will post more photos of this during the project." I have the same question as Michael. I just bought a Galaxy Note 2 today and am wondering how well this'll fit on it. Here are the dimensions: 151.1 x 80.5 x 9.4 mm (5.95 x 3.17 x 0.37 in) iCP1 shipping? what are the odds the clip will actually fit my galaxy note 2 I was one of the ones who didn't want or need the backlit keys...but the actual product will be worth the wait and delays were something that I expected. It I worth the wait for the backlit keys :) Considering the batteries are coming in a month from the 18th...I'd say slim to none anything to ship in October. What are the chances for a October delivery of the Developer edition? Glad we'll still be getting the messages! *phew* Was getting worried :P Now I just need to decide what it'll be ... When will we be messaged on shipping? Any update on when the name/name length message pledgers will be contacted? Kainy works best over wifi and 4g As for sound he is still working out bugs. Sometimes u have to tweak the sound settings on the game itself to a format that works well @GiantEnemyCrab - Well I already have a library of games on OnLive which run great from any WiFi connection, not just my local network. And after testing Keany, it has far more lag than OnLive, and is a bit buggy too (can't get sound to work for one). Not to mention the rather important fact that my PC is not up to running any of these high end 3D games to the quality OnLive runs them. No there is no way around it, iControlPad HAS to support OnLive. It just needs a 360 pad emulation mode. OnLive is by far the best gaming outlet for Android phones. I will be heartbroken if iControlPad does not support it. The whole point of this for me was so I could retire the Xperia Play, which I use for playing OnLive on the go. Since Craig himself tweeted about it, i think it makes the poll official. VOTE!! <url>"proper" layout just because the default one is not to your liking, though... The response from OnLive - Hello, Thank you for contacting us. We currently have no information about adding support for the iControlPad, but that does sound like a great idea! I'll make sure to forward your suggestion to our team for review. Regards, Eve Customer Service Representative <url>"universal" OnLive controller does not work with some Android phones. To fix it you change it's profile to be recognized as a 360 controller. There is one set of two buttons. He's happy there are two shoulder buttons. @Steven - Where did you see/hear/read that? As far as I heard there is only going to be one set. sweet I just noticed there are 2 shoulder buttons on the iControlPad 2.. :D To be clear, I mean the OnLive app for Android. Not the OnLive microconsole. Although that would also be pretty cool. Would really be a shame if it does not work for OnLive. That's one of my main gaming outlets on my Android device, we have to make it work with it. Will it work with OnLive? Thanks When are those of us that pledged 25 for the short name of choice in the mould going to receive surveys? Man I'm excited. I just want some sort of ICP in my hands now. I wonder how long before the final special edition of the ICP1 will ship..... Looks like backlighting will happen, and the IR pad is in as well. Sweet. @Günther; I have also just tweeted him about this question @Günther, not the focus I know, but the developer is Product 3 LLC, not Winooski. Winooski is where it's based. I would also have thought that we will be getting a survey VERY soon so we can decide what we're getting, and say what we want it to say (I've pledged for that reward, the same as you) I have tried to contact the developer (Winooski) several times now by the "Contact Me" button to the right without any response at all. This is getting important now as I am trying to get my name carved into the mould for the back cover. Maybe I can get in contact that way. I have added the extra 25$ to my pledge already and now it looks like I cannot get the reward for it. When the production has already started it is too late, I guess. So please someone contact me! Günther Hutzl. You will explain everything how it is done right while building? For instance; how is the backlight done in detail? Hope to see technical details of that because I have some idea on how to do it but it would be good to see how it is really done! But at the same time they have aimed this at computer control. Emulation and Pi use. All of those kinda requires a total of four trigger buttons. none = NES. 2 = SNES. 3-4= N64, Gamecube,PS2, PS3 and several others. four triggers really need to happen or this product is produced with a handicap. I would however LOVE IR as well, and by Craigs words there already is a pad on the PCB for it so all it would take is a small design alteration and change for the IR LED. Backlighting however I am meh about. If it's there than yay, and if not then yay Adriaan, at some point we should be receiving a survey by email where we can verify what we pledged for, as well as our shipping info! And well said Max, that's exactly how I feel. I pledged for what was shown; extras would be nice, but aren't by any means necessary. My card got declined :/ Anyway I used another card and it worked :D where do i write my info for shipping xD!!! Yeah, I couldn't agree more, and couldn't put it better than Max did. I can't wait for mine regardless of extras! Well said Chris, the extras would be great but the product is fantastic as is. We need to all remember that the additional $59k isn't 'bonus money' for the guys to go nuts with, it's more iControlpad2's to produce with roughly the same profit margin on each. Obviously it helps with up front costs vs those that scale evenly with number of units produced, but the profit margin ('bonus money' to put extra goodies into the product) is only a fraction of the total pledged and the guys have to eat. :) @Chris Leathco I feel the same way. While I'd like to see backlighting, to be honest I'll still be happy if there are no changes and we get the product as pictured (other than keys being labelled.) I've been lugging around a full keyboard, mouse, and controller with my Raspberry Pi, it'll be great to just take it with an iControlpad and be good to go. Hope the extra shoulder buttons are viable, otherwise, backlit keys would still be awesome (even more if they can be turned on and off, to save battery) Looking forward to backlit keys ! @Andy J Yeah an earlier Poll would have been good, but better late than never. Reminder that the IR, backlit keys, extra shoulder button Poll is here: <url>"Cause Android just works" Classic :) @Reggie - It's not the fault of Product 3 LLC that is has to be jailbroken. It is apples fault for having such a closed system. Also, jailbreaking only applies to old apps, new apps could support this controller without jailbreaking if it is programmed in at the time of writing the app. Also, the controller doesn't loose utility as it works for Android, and it still works for IOS devices as a keyboard. It will also work with Raspberry Pi, a PC, Mac, Linux, and much more. Just because it doesn't work with old apps on IOS devices doesn't mean it has lost it's utility. Not by a long shot. Anyway, if it doesn't fit your needs, I understand, but your are missing out in my opinion! I know it's easy, but jail breaking is deal breaker for me. Enjoy your controller guys, I'm out. I just feel this controller loses a lot of utility if you do not have a jail broke phone. I was just really let down when I discovered the overlay only works with jail broke phones. We still got another 37 hours to go Craig;) Congrats, I hope the rapid increase won't affect the shipment dates (and that you can make all the stretch goals) ! Todays pledges looks like the will top $20k amazing .. @Andy J The cables I found were too long.....and I couldn't find one that wouldn't leave excess cable dangling everywhere. @ Jeff La Pointe, You couldn't find a cable long enough? They have hdmi to mini hdmi cables on Amazon that range from 1.5 feet up to like 24 feet, all under $10. @Reggie, I'm not saying I condone it but jail breaking is super easy. Not only that but once jail broken, you need Blutrol which is around $7 on Cydia. I won't provide the links but if you search for additional repo sources, you can get that "free". I never doubted it, they work hard to make a great product. I carry it around everywhere I go. I was on the fence until I found out that it will still be compatible with my icontrolpad1 apps. I loved the fact that they moved the shoulder buttons to the top (its what I looked for first) and the new holder is a wonderful innovation. The only two things I would wistfully wish for now is to have the holder convert to a stand so I can still use my phone as my bedside clock without taking it apart and the ability to conveniently use it as a backup battery for my phone. The original icontrolpad1 had this feature but the power plugged into the bottom and i couldn't find an appropriate cable long enough yet short enough to use it in this manner feasibly. Of course honestly if they got this into my hands at the projected date, they don't need to change a damn thing and I would be ecstatic to have it. We have made $15,000 today ... Not bad going ;) We also have a projection of $188,000, which will be low if this continues, as tends to be the case with Kicktraq projections (they never seem to take into account the last minute rush of pledges) and I could easily see us reaching over $200,000! Can't believe I had doubts about whether we'd reach the target goal :P At this rate we are gonna do 20k in a single day ! $200k is within reach ! hahah! Flux Capacitor! You have my vote So... any stretch goals for $200K? How about a flux capacitor? (1.21 JIGAWATTS!!!!) @grandeisern; Don't worry, we'll respond; don't need to capital it. You do not need to jailbreak it to use it with SOME applications. However, for use with the overlay software that allow you to use it with any game, the FAQ on the main page says that yes, it will need to be jailbroken. SOMEONE PLS RESPOND!!! IS IT TRUE THAT YOU HAVE TO JAILBREAK IN ORDER TO USE THE DEVICE ON IOS? (This information is important for me and is related to my decision on what my next phone will be.) How long will it take for the production to be done? @Reggie Read the FAQ at the bottom Does the iControlpad2 require jailbreak? No. There are hundreds of games/apps which support it already (for a 'best of' list see our webpage). If you want to use the overlay software then yes, on iOS you need jailbreak. On Android you don't, Android 'just works'. I think it is alittle shady that he notes that the control works with all iOS games via the overlay. He does not mention that you have to jailbreak your phone in order to get this feature to work. @Romain Van Loo : Bienvenue à toi compatriote. J'ai déjà posé cette question plusieurs fois, sans réponse. Tu peux te manifester en anglais sur ce forum : <url>#entry192110 So how much do we need to get the second set of shoulder buttons? By my estimation we got both the backlight and probably the IR. The other shoulder buttons would be great at this point. May I check what kind of USB BT STICK comes with the Raspberry Pi ready pack? Sorry if I'm a noob but I was wondering what kind of range the BT stick would have. I will most probably be using the iCP2 at 5 meters away from my android PocketTV(connected to a HDMI port on a HD TV). Thank you! Can i map the icp2 with AZERTY? When in november will i get the icp2---> i live in belgium. 15 nov. is my birthday ;D We have already made 10k today Hi Jon, thank you for the link to that ICP2 Keyboard thread. Here too is the official layout thread if anyones interested: <url>"Please have an update soon to excite us again since the launch of the campaign... " great work everyone...... so will we be looking at backlighting and IR for 165k? Please have a update soon to update us again since the launch of the campaign... thanx "We're talking about IR now, as I said previously the pads exist on the board. It would, I assume, require the little red plastic square to be added to the design. We're talking about it and seeing if it could be added to mass production." "Backlit keys will be extra goal number 1. We want to have that, it just involves extra costs for us which we need to budget for. If we get past $165k we will make it a serious priority." With so many people shooting for 165k it concerns me that these are only under consideration and are not solid promises. We should have an update soon now that were so close as to if they can become a reality or not so that people don't get angry.... We'll probably reach 165k today. Just thinking like a tech, i dont see how the controller itself could have built in software that would map to soft-buttons on the screen. everything ive seen here leads me to believe to get this functionality you would need an app running on your phone like Blutrol, which does the mapping translation for you. Wonder If we will make 160k tonight ;) Here is whats exactly said: No need for App support: The iControlPad2 will work with almost any app, whether it supports it or not. Thanks to new overlay software, you can map the iControlPad2 controls and keys to screen presses in iOS or Android. Just map your favorite app and start playing; you will be amazed at the advantage real controls give you. See the video for a demonstration. No app is mentioned so i assumed the software was set in the controller itself. Though your right it does not specify one way or the other Crab: It probably does require a piece of software which I assume or at least hope is free from the different phone's respective markets to map certain actions to touches or (hopefully) even gestures. The program might be able to detect which app is active and autoload a profile, if not there will probably be a menu to select profiles from. Something I'm curious about is if an app will still get gamepad/keyboard events or if you can disable that or even have more advanced event filtering for if you want some events to be remapped to touch-only, but still have other key events work. I really hope this doesn't end up being half-assed crap with lame limitations that seem obscure but make some programs become problematic. @Giantenemy We're talking about the overlay software in iOS called Blutrol (which has support for a few gamepads and bluetooth keyboards in native apps). At it's current state, Blutrol doesn't support the iCP(1)'s analogue nubs, so we're wondering if they (Craig and his team) are going to make a jailbreak tweak/app that will make full use of the hardware. @Vic As far as Android is concerned...based on the video and the description no 3rd party software or dev support is required. The controller has the ability to map any on screen touch control to a button on the Icontrolpad2 This is a feature built directly into the controller. So if you wanted to map an analog stick in say an N64 emulator on Android to one of the Nubs on the controller u could do so with the controllers built in software. Now what I would like to know is how it remembers your preferences on an app by app basis or do we need to remap everytime we use the app @Robert, but Blutrol doesn't have analogue nub support atm. @Roman...I am pretty sure that I read the iControlPad 2 is compatible with BLUTROL, and you can remap any button to use with it (including keyboard buttons). Can you guys make an application like BLUTROL, but for icontrolpad 2 . That we can map our own buttons on the iPhone/android. Also the nubs and the keyboard. Less than 10k to go until we hit our stretch ! The keyboard will be used for gaming controls as well. So having a backlit keyboard is important. Dosbox emulator comes to mind. Same with n64 emulators because they more buttons then the gaming controls even include. And despite comments otherwise most of us are using this controller with our phones. yea me too im concerned about the analog placement, but i trust these guys to nail it. just kinda wish there was a extra shoulder button so that you can replicate a r1 and r2 thing going, then it would truly be the controler built to last a Trackball is a neat idea, but id be a little worried about the device being overly cluttered with stuff. im already a bit concerned about the placement of the analog sticks, but im hoping when i get one ill be pleasantly surprised. Have you ever considered adding a trackball? Obviously it's not something that could possibly be done at this stage but I'm just curious because the only other thing that can provide the precision of mouse -which is the main instrument of input in a lot of games- is a trackball. Analogue controls are very inefficient at doing the same tasks. This is especially true when playing strategy games or old point & click games via emulation on mobile platforms where touchscreen is either too imprecise or is desynchronised. And I've been forever waiting for a portable controller with a trackball. - Well done to everyone involved in getting this backed :-) - I'll be using this mostly on my Android tablet (rather than my phone). - A backlight would be great - but will obviously cost more for Craig, and will decrease the battery. Let's see what Craig announces. - @Craig I know you're going to be super busy - but please don't forget about us Pandora per-orderers :-) @Giantenemycrab "but I am pretty sure most of us are buying this to play with our phone. " - actually, I don't even own a phone that I could use this with. I'm planning to use it with a Raspberry Pi hooked up to my TV to function as a media centre/computer/videogame console. @Steve H, some do games require you to type things, but you can also read it as "make late-night internet browsing possible" if you like. as far as backlit keys, i can see them as being useful for the keyboard, but those saying things like "make late night gaming possible" it really has no bearing. if you need to see where the game buttons are on your controller, you have already lost your game. @GiantenemyCrab Thanks for posting links to other devices, now i want to buy those... Backlit keys! Yes please make latenight gaming possible Hopefully Craig will come with a large update with his thoughts, possible addons (such as IR and possible backlit keys at higher levels and 2 additional shoulder buttons considering this is after all a emulator control as well.) How he plans to continue and generally everything he wants to share @ Craig & the ICP2 team : Congratulations on reaching the goal. @ Everyone : The ICP2 has a facebook page here : <url>"little" overpriced.. Thanks, and congrats for raching the goal ! Congratulations on making 150k! Keeping my fingers crossed for 165k and DAT BACKLIGHT. Is it too much to ask for backlight keys and IR? I'd love to have both!!!! I forgot to ask, will the overlay software be Blutrol or will a new cydia app be made for the new iCP/iCP2 (For analogue nub support)? About an ARM SoC, I'm pretty sure the micro-controller that MWeston picked out is already set in stone.. @Lyndon as I understand you can increase your pledge to cover whatever combination of rewards you'd like, and after funding they will send out a "survey email", you can then say exactly what you ordered, pay any additional shipping charge that you might have forgotten, etc. So it will be okay. By the way, a backlight for this device is not "an honestly kind of silly feature"... many many many times I've wished my Pandora had a backlight, it's damn hard to read the keyboard in the dark, have to stuff around almost closing the screen to shine on the keyboard - oh yeah, that's where the damn tilde key is. Sure, for gaming you'll probably remember where the keypad is, but for keyboard use it is very nice to have a backlight (and a means to switch it on and off). The backlight itself costs very little, but there may be a little extra software development work to support controlling it. $15K should very comfortably cover that, and the price of the devices doesn't need to go up much for adding an led or two in there. Yea well done everyone, and great work Craig. Well, some people are grumpy to you, but 1575 people just said they like you and support your product with about $100 each. That has to feel good, mate. So long as some bastard like me doesn't drop his pledge too much at the last minute, you're gonna be fine :) Beware the coalition of vengeful mean rich bastards...! (just kidding) I hope you reach $165K+, you deserve it, and we night-gamers deserve our backlight! IR did sound like a good idea too, if we can mess with the TV / VCR etc. iCP2 -> universal remote sounds like a big selling point to me, and it would be a nice feature for P2 also. Maybe some more people will want to buy early, now it's fully funded. Let's put a proper ARM SoC in it with wifi, can use it for a little NAS / home server too, or P2 co-processor. Ok now that just crazy talk. @Paul I disagree about the usefulness an IR emitter over backlit keys... 1 most people do not even own a device that an IR emitter is used for 2. Even if they did this device is mainly geared for use with smartphones. True it can be used with most anything that has a bluetooth connection but I am pretty sure most of us are buying this to play with our phone. 3. Many devices with an Ir emitter already have android apps which allow u to control them. My tv is the only thing with an IR emitter. My tv also has an app to control it via my phone. 4. Backlit keys are extremely useful if trying to play any video game in the dark at any point. Which I assume many of us wil 5. Several competing remote controllers also intended for android gamers have this feature and honestly it is the only feature they have over the icontrolpad2 . Adding it in will help the icp2 gain a strategic advantage. For example Impulse controller Moga Steel Series While I am all for more features I don't think it is fair to those who have donated extra money since hearing that $165k would unlock a backlit keyboard (potentially) to then have it axed in favor of an ir emitter (albeit still a cool feature) If they had said they would and IR emitter at 165k and never mentioned the backlit keyboard I would not be pushing for a change to the goal. I still would like to see an official update given so all backers are made aware of the stretch goal in the final hours. So, dumb question, I've pledged for the $150 edition, but just for shiz and gigs figured I'd go for a name in the mould too. How can I select both rewards from just one pledge? Congratulations CraigX, I've been following this project closely since it was a grainy YouTube video and a never updated web page, I was even on the distributor mailing list. When you first started selling icontrol pad 1 i was disheartened because I was not in a good financial standing, but now... well I'm not a rich man, but couldnt resist getting the new icontrol pad plus the original I've been yearning for for years. You've come a long way, I'm very glad to see how involved this campaign has been, I hope the final product is something that changes the way people realize the power of the portable computers they carry in their pocket everyday. Much love, keep up the good work. I already bought an icontrolpad one and couldn't be happier, you guys make a great product. Looking forward to receiving this in the mail :D Thing I'm worried about with backlit keys is it might make the cost of the units for people to buy to be appreciably higher for an honestly kind of silly feature. I'd say if it has to be only one or the other, to go without backlight, to keep the price down, espcially if the current price that's being shot for is in the $70-80 range, already. Especially considering other cost-increasing and considerably more useful features like the IR emitter )And hopefully a second pair of shoulder buttons but there hasn't been any official word on that, but I can dream. :p). Congratulations guys, lets see how might higher we can get that total :) CONGRATULATION!!! ON 150K good job everyone We are aiming for $165K guys for Backlit keys! Totally doable Still hoping for an official announcement from Craig through the KS updates section Have three day, still good to aim high.. Plus those who haven't pledged yet, these won't be on sale for a while outside this kickstarter.. best to get it now or wait for a while. Booya! 150K, folks! No more worrying Yay, 150K! :D Aim for 165K now~ Score! @Robert Yeah me too! I think Craig mentioned looking into adding backlit keys if it hit a certain amount above $150k a while ago, so I'm REAAAAAAAALLY hoping for that too. :D Will someone buy a ten pack so we can all have a drink already :-D @Chris...Although the videos will be cool...I just can't wait for the controller in my hand!! I pledged within the first week, and have been anxiously watching the website almost hourly while I'm awake to see it will make 150k. Now I am anxious to see if it will go beyond 165k because I am absolutely sure it will make 150k in the next hour or so. Now that you're only $395 away, I just wanna say congratulations and that I'm really looking forward to the making-of video series ! I am doing an advertising campaign for class and I chose the iControlPad 2. I need some help from you if possible. I need to know roughly how many you sold of the iControlPad 1. Thanks for any information you can provide me with. @Robert Wigley - Most likely something similar to the original iCP.. LiPO Less than $900 until we're 100% funded! :D I just realized, what kind of batteries is this going to run off of? 150k before the day is done and we are on par for stretch goals! Lets get an official update announcing them. Make sure to add em to the main page as well ! I say yes, assume this is a go. Even if it takes a mult-pack buy from a couple of people, it will get there one way or another. I think IR might be a bit risky for the caseworks though, if that isn't already at an advanced stage in the plans. Do it Craig. I think most of us will up our pledge if it doesn't reach 150k, which again is highly unlikely :) You should add the stretchgoals to the updates. That will probably make the ICP2 even more attractive. It would be nice to get a big push in the last days. :D This user's account has been deleted. That's good news Mark. I didn't know he was adding the Rasberry Pi USB BT dongle for an extra $5 outside the designated pledges, but that's nice to hear for Pi owners. @Saber; You say the USB BT dongle is only available with the $80 pledge level, but I messaged Craig and he said all I had to do was add on $5 and specify that it was for a BT USB after the KS had ended ... Upped my pledge for a second controller, would be really interested in the adding of an extra pair of shoulder buttons and backlit display. As long as there is a mount for the ir led I dont mind soldering that on myself. 3k left GO baby GO ! Sure it will Roman, but only if we continue to get the word out to all those who might not of yet heard about the iControlPad 2's Kickstarter. YES IT WILL REACH THE 150K$ Hi Michael, if you pledge for more than one controller, or one of the bundles, you'll assuredly receive a USB Cable and Phone Flip Holder for each controller. With the ICP1 it was recently added to the FAQ that you'll receive both the newer Phone Flip Holder and the older Universal Holder. As for you other questions, the Rasberry Pi USB dongle is only available with the $80 level, and if you desire a USB wall adapter, there are quite a few available from other parties that will most likely work with the ICP1 and ICP2, though I do recommend using one of the better quality ones from say Apple(iPad) or Amazon(Kindle) just to be safe or, better still, pose your question on which one you should use on the forum after the ICP2 starts manufacturing. Personally, i'll be buying one of the Kindle power adapters. :) Hello Brian, there's been plenty of conversation about having different keyboard layouts for different regions, alongside a standard qwerty, on the forum. You're welcome to voice your opinion or post your own layout with us. :) Hi Thomas, the team is looking into adding infrared(and keyboard backlight) now. Backlight in particular was previously mentioned to be a possibility if the Kickstarter goes beyond $165k, but IR of course would be the easier of the two popular features to add if they can hopefully exceed that goal. If u guys add backlit keys u should.add an option like: "Add $50 to.your order and u can.specify the color of the lights for backlit keys" I personally would like a cyan blue color myself @Roy Gillotti, thanks for the help man it finally went through. =) @Brian Levinsen I guess there are plans for other layouts (there is an entry in a FAQ and some discussions in forums) but really nothing has been decided yet. There are primarily 2 methods of implementation: custom keymats and custom stickers but I didn't remember any comments about what is really possible from manufacturing point of view (or actual usability). So the chances are there but no firm plans yet. IR would be lovely, and an on/off switch (or equal. Will we be able to control/tap into this via software?) for the backlight thingie if that makes it into the product. Any chance to have the Layout in other languages, like Swedish, AZERTY and so on? IR is my preference over backlit keys, but if backlit keys will be on it, I hope it has some kind of switch rather than relying solely on something like a light sensor. Maybe a 3 position switch for off, auto, on, where auto uses an ambient light sensor, but just off and on are enough for me. Also I would say 2 sets of shoulder buttons as well would be beneficial. 2 on the top and maybe 2 on the back towards the top, to prevent having to make it bulky, and maybe sort of rounding off the top so it's not awkward or something having the 2 sets of shoulder buttons 90 degrees off from each other. Great to hear the IR may be a possibility! With or without the ICP2 is an awesome product, the extra functionality would just make it even better. Not long to go now before your heartbeat can drop below 200BPM Craig :) Pledged last night. It seems ICP2 will see the light! I've upgraded my order to 2 goddam icp2. Darn you for manipulating me like that! Just take my money! :P Just pledged. Let's reach that $165k! we are on course to hit 150K within 24 hours! @Roman; with 4 days and less than $6,000 to go, we'll do it (especially as it went up about $2,000 overnight, if I am correct) Guys, when it doesn't reach the $150K all the backers just add 2$ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lets hit $150K tomorrow ! & I am hoping we see a surge in the last 3 days and hit the $200K mark on the final day. I upped my pledge to have something to give, but I have a few questions. For those levels with more than one controller, will there be more than one usb? Also, should I assume no wall adapters? Also again, can I add $5 to my pledge and get a raspi compatible BT dongle? Call me greedy, but I'd like both backlit keys and an IR emitter. Admittedly I'd also like people to be reasonable, but I see no reason to be the first. @Ben, try closing the browser out fully and try again.. I would really like to have backlit keys on my Pandora, and it would be good for iCP2 / Pandora 2 also. Can someone help me? I forgot to add the $12 for shipping to my $125 pledge and it won't let me change it because I keep getting this message: Invalid Request We cannot process your payment request because of an error. Please contact the website where you initiated this payment. Caller Input Exception: Invalid Signature Is there anyway I can do? I really wanna help out as much as possible. We need an update for day 3 confirming stretch goals. This way pledgers have a reason to return and increase their pledges If u guys are serious about the 165k stretch goal for.backlit keys u should.probably.mention it in an official update. As it stands now 90% of the backers don't even know it exists cause it was just in the comments. The last 3 days are the most exciting so I am sure we will make ! I meant is not isn't... Hey paul Icontrolpad2 isn't going to make it just fine ! Put the 1.5k towards ur own monster in Arakion IMO ! How about adding a stretch goal of 155-160k of adding a extra shoulder button :p I'm torn between holding onto my $1.5k for this project if it is close to the $165k near the end and needs a little boost, or putting it into the Arakion indiegogo campaign so I can design my own monster.. decisions, decisions. I just bumped my pledge up, to get an ICP1 and ICP2 I would love to see IR, and Backlit added to this project Hopefully enough money gets added to do it. Im very excited to get them and try them out. Ive been looking for a controller for my ipad for a while. For some reason i wrote off the ICP1 because it looked like it was designed for phones. i have since changed my opinion, i do wish the shoulder buttons were.... on the shoulders. but when i get it ill see how i like it. thanks for making an exciting product. @Roman, not much is known yet on how to reprogram the buttons on the firmware.. so I can't answer that part yet.. The original ICP, had a mouse mode that allowed it to act as a mouse on a PC or MAC and I assume this will have all the capabilities of the original ICP. Can you guys make a program how i can map/remap my icp 2 buttons! For games on the imac! Also that i can map the analog stick for mouse! Than i can play minecraft ;D it's a difficult choice, but my preference would e for an IR sensor over a a kilt keyboard. The applications for a IR sensor would be awesome to tinker with. Including obviously using the ICP 2 as a TV remote Backlit keys over ir emitter....imo :) never even used one of those things myself I'd love to have an IR emitter and receiver included with the unit, and I'm sure many others would find the additional use as a 'universal remote' really handy. The backlit keys would be great also, but my personal preference would be the IR. Great work Craig and the rest of the team. This fantastic product is very soon to be funded :) Come on, $10,500 :D 165k will be no problem ! Depending on the hardware the (phone) charging capability could be nothing more than writing the firmware to allow for it when plugged in. Have to do something like couple it with a device while connected via USB to activate the mode. The alternative is that there would have to be an app on the phone to specifically do it. The hardware limitation is whether or not the USB jack is set for it. Since the 4-pins across a USB are set with two for power and two for data. If I am at all out of my mind here... someone with more authority correct me please. I'm not too fussed about phone charging (that's why I have chargers :P ) but backlit keys would be brilliant. A stretch goal put up now would be good, so we could see how much we'd have to gain to have that put in! :P But anywho, only $12,000! Backlit keys and phone charging would be extremely sweet. Shame I can't afford more than my current pledge... ($69 one) D: I'm hoping to use iCP2 with my HTPC, backlit keys would be an excellent feature! Backlit keys would make the iCP 2 even more awesome! Add a 50k stretch goal for backlit keys and the ability to charge the phone through the controller while using it. I bet we would make it and if not any extra funding is just more money for the project I think we will hit 150k within 3 days...the last day will bring in at least 15k extra im sure. The Arakion ks just ended yesterday and it was near 200% and brought in almost 50% of the over funding in a single day. @GiantenemyCrab, I agree with you. The push towards $150K seemed like a long shot. With a stretched goal, it does give the backers an incentive to up the pledges and also help potential backers who haven't yet purchased the ICP because of the price issue to similar products. This advantage will let them to rethink about ordering an ICP because the other controllers that seem to be popping up left and right, will only look like knock off designs of the ICP. Only food for thought but with 5 days to go, lets get hungry! We are going to exceed 150k for sure. We need some stretch goals laid out If stretch goals are put in place there is incentive for us to give more ! We hve heard backlit keys and other features mentioned....can we get a stretch goal set for em? @Tony The FAQ at the bottom of the home page says for the iControlPad 1: "They come with *both* holders (side and back) and the buttons and Dpad will be dark red." So yes, they should come with the side holders. Hello everyone involved with the iControlPad 2 project, good luck, it looks ace. I have donated $137 for an iControlPad 1 & 2 and was wondering if I get the side clamps included with the iControlPad 1? I am only asking because it is to go with a Nokia N8 and I have been told that it fits the phone very well. Any help with my question here would be appreciated. Thanks. You mean only if we get another $15.400? :P It looks close but I have no doubt that we meet the goal in time. Only if we get another $17,000 Great an open source controller comes out. Well, I meant the IR sensor. I was just curious ...Whats the target we have to achieve, if we have to include the IR emitter/Learner in the controller ? Over 7k today we are on a roll! www.kickstarter.com/projects/lavidimus/chris-taylors-arakion Come back Arakion before it is too late ! We are almost to the android support stretch goal ! $20,000 ... :) So I pledged $117 to get the $25+ reward and the $80+ reward plus $12 shipping. I selected the $25+ reward. Will I also get my $80+ reward? Only 15% of the goal of $150000 and 20% of the time (6 / 30 days) left! That was my initial thought as well. Just reading it a second and third time though left it a bit open for different interpretation and made me a tad curious. Regradless of which, I remain a happy $250 pledger.:) Based on the description, the $250 pledge doesn't come with a second ICP2. The $250 pledge is almost the same as the extra special edition ICP2 (The $150 pledge.) The only difference is that the $250 pledge will have a chrome face plate instead of aluminum. Does the $250 pledge come with a second ICP2? The description is a bit vague when it says 'includes *everything* from the extra special edition'. I originally just wanted a special edition ICP. However, I want this goal to be met so I said what the hell and went for both sepcial edition ICP1 and 2. This project needs to succeed. We have been trending around $5K a day. We should be 2 days early at this rate. Also most kickstarter projects see a surge in funding in the final 24 hours. I am part of one now which has received 40% funding and doubled its pledges in the last 24 hours. Yes, the Raspberry Pi pack comes with the box and the flip holder Does the raspberry pi pack come with the boxed version and flip holder as well as the BT stick? It says same as above, but I don't if it is the same as the boxed version above or same as the raw version above. Thanks. I hadn't even heard of this project - I think many people haven't heard about it yet. This thing should easily get funded because there's a lot of people that I know, who want a portable gaming device in their Android phone and all the stuff on the market is for iPhones. Heck, I want this just so I could play text adventure games on my phone. I'm pretty sure there are more people who will increase their pledge if it's getting close. If all backers would increase their pledges by $25 we would have the $150.000. Oh, right. Well, it'll probably be close, but it should be fine. If it gets up to the deadline and is within a couple thousand, I'll make up the difference. I think he meant that it's going too slow right now but according to kicktraq if it keeps rising at this rate we will get to 150.000 in time. Well, you want it to rise, until at least $150,000. If it stops rising, the goal won't be met. good luck There is something I don't understand. It seems every time I come back to this page, the pledged total amount rises. Then I'm getting worried, because I really want this project to be funded, but it may not happen if that amount keeps rising. I recommend fixing the link in the description, which links you to <url>"C" buttons exactly, they do both allow the player to use the right analogue nub instead. On youtube there's a neat video called "Zelda Meets the iControlPad" and specifically at the 5:20 spot you can see how to map those four "C" buttons to the nub. Of course, the ICP2 has many more keys than it's predecessor did that can be mapped to them, but it shows that it can be done quite well with either controller using only the right analogue nub. Hello Frans, the Developer version is for anyone who wants to start using an ICP2 sooner than the major production run in November, and you can absolutely use the twin analogue nubs on the ICP2(and ICP1) for mouse emulation. :) Is the developers pre-release just for developers, or is it also for really impatient end users? Other question: can we use the analog stick for mouse emulation? Would be great with GemRB! The keyboard layout is similar to the Open Pandora handheld, N64 Emulation is quite playable with it.. the C buttons by default were mapped to the 4 directions on the right analog nub.. this works well.. but I mapped them keyboard buttons and it works great for me.. Just name one controller (except the n64 controller) that has a d-pad, 2 analog sticks, 2-4 shoulder buttons, abxy buttons AND c-buttons, You don't have c-buttons using a PS3 controller. You don't have c-buttons using a XBox 360 controller. Of course its everything but great to have them mapped to certain keys on the keyboard but at least you have the possibility to do so. What controller do you play emulated n64 games with right now? we all want the same thing (icp2 that is:) one of the main reasons I want this controller so bad is because it is extremely adaptable for any emulators.. duashock for ps1etc and its the only controller with enough buttons to use for n64 emulators while still being pocket friendly :_) I should have foreseen your troll comment.. -Yes there is, in fact I'm staring at one now. And by the way, who wants to use c-buttons on the keyboard anyways? When I urgently need a hookshot or a bow I would like to have easy access to them. <---- The fact that I had to explain that..... -.- You've got a whole keyboard... You can just use 4 keyboard keys as C-buttons. And when you think of it: there are no controllers with C-buttons except the original N64 ones. Came to think of it; this controller won't be any good for n64. No C-buttons :) mannn, this kickstarter is gonna come down to it *crosses fingers* @Andy J Or he thought that there wouldn't be that big of a demand for it (there are only 25 other backers for the extra special edition) and didn't feel like making a pledge since they might only be able to add a certain ammount of pledges once it's started. This isn't really a special offer, it's the same deal as the $125 pledge, but upgraded the special edition ICP2 to extra special ICP2 for $50 more to make up the difference. I'm sure he wouldn't mind making the same offer to anyone else that messages him, because it's more money towards the project and that much closer to the goal. @Marcus It's the extra special edition ICP2 and the final special edition ICP @ManBearPig, If Craig hooked you up with a special offer, I wouldn't go around telling people. He hooked you up with a service and if he wanted everyone to get the same deal, he would have set up a pledge for it. Keep it to yourself and be grateful. Not trying to be rude, just stating the obvious. @Marcus, it's probably the $150 pledge and the $49 pledge combined. @ManBearPig I'm curious, what does the extra special combo pack include? I am currently at the $99 pledge but wanted to upgrade. Thanks Just managed my pledge from $125 to $175. Went from a special edition combo pack, to an extra special combo pack. I messaged Craig and he said he would ship both to me for that price even though it's not an official pledge option. Managed my pledge from $50 to $125! Let's all do the same and get this project funded!!! damm thats a bummer for these guys, heres hoping they mention it in the new video they are making, @Gabriel, @Ravi; Gabriel's right, after someone has backed a reward level the project creator becomes unable to edit it :) If we all just upped our current pledges $27 we would be 100%. We will get this for sure ! I've upped my pledge. Hoping everyone else will do aswell :) @ravi: Unless I'm very much mistaken, Craig has commented here that they can't edit the text on the pledge levels anymore. If this is true, it's most likely a Kickstarter measure to avoid dishonesty in the form of manipulating pledge levels *after* people have pledged money - you should get what you were promised at the time you pledged, otherwise you'd have to check back constantly with every project you back. It's regrettable that it also keeps honest guys like these here from simply adding clarifications, but there you are. The problem is that kickstarter doesn't let you edit the reward levels after the project started. I think they can add more levels (up to 10) but they can't change the description. Yea your right saber that this is still the best controller around, but the price with shipping is still pricey, I just hope within the next 8 days enough more people hook onto the device, I'm just worried that the common conception when new users look at this kickstarter that' they might be turned off by the price I still do hope they state in the pledge section for the raw version that it does include the phone holder, yes it's in the FAQ, but this'll still help streamline things Hi Rory, Eric is absolutely correct. The $69 ICP2 pledge does include the Phone Flip Holder. :) It was added to the FAQ along with the requested answer to the question of what kind of USB Cable type does the ICP2 use(it's micro USB). I reconsidered getting one and almost lowered my pledge to $1... ...but there simply is nothing comparable with this device. Its a bit pricey with shipping and I could get a cheap bluetooth keyboard and a PS3 controller for that money, but it is exactly what I searched for for over a year and I really want it to get funded :P Hi Ravi, respectfully I couldn't disagree more. I live in the U.S. too and $87($75 + $12 S/H) for a bluetooth enabled plus USB wired game controller with full qwerty keyboard that can be easily attached to any smartphone, seems to me reasonably priced in my honest opinion. Although, there are a multitude of bluetooth/wireless controllers that hover at least around the $40-50 mark(XBox360 and Sony PS3 are quality but have terrible D-pad's), most don't have proven game controls like the ones on the ICP2 which incidently were designed by real veteran gamers. They also don't include a full qwerty keyboard and don't easily fit in a pocket like an iControlPad 2 can. Add in the 14 hours of non-stop, continuous use rechargeable battery life and the fact that it is open source(firmware can be updated to work with not only today's devices but tomorrows yet to be released ones), and I see this as a downright bargain. :) @Rory, the raw version does come with it, it's in the FAQ. I don't see any mention of the phone holder for the 69$ raw version, can I get some kind of confirmation on that? I'll be honest here, as much as its out of your control, the shipping price IMO, is what's hurting you guys, cause this controller comes up to 87 bucks for us in the states, no matter how much this controller does, that's a whole lot for a controller. Kinda feel more people would jump for the raw version once they find out on the rewards section (not just in the faqs section) that it includes the phone holder. So please list in that pledge section that the raw version includes it. Good luck guys, really hoping it gets funded Little advice guys, list on your pledge rewards section for the raw version that it includes the phone holder yeesh.. only made $500 today? I think you guys need to pull out the stops and go nuts with the gamepad support.. Find some devlopers you can partner with who can give you guys a good word. Maybe get them to release a copy of a game for free (or at least add a backer-only bonus) with a pledge? anything to get this thing backed! Well, the low end of Kicktraq's projection is $154,000, and it tends to be on the low side! Of course, I've only backed a few projects, but everytime KT has come short of the final amount! Thought I would share this link to anyone who is interested in statistics like me (shows the daily amount pledged and predicts where it might finish): <url>"manage" button did not show up on the computer I was using, had to use another. Still not sure how to make two pledges work. I want the $99 special, however still want the BT USB for my PI. Grats! Toucharcade mentioned iCP2 in a post. I bet 150k will see the light :) I am a bit confused about the 80$ tier: Why is the same tier existing twice and why has one of these two versions a restriction on it? So it's been said several times that adding the charging phone feature to the iCP2 would cost $10 extra. My question is, can this feature be hacked in, or it needs extra components or stuff that the board doesn't have space for? I'm definitely interested in the phone charging feature, so much that if I have enough money by the 13th I'll change my pledge to the iCP+iCP2 combo, just to use the iCP as a fancy external battery. :P @Eric Jeffery Blohm Yeah that is nice that this controller doesn't really need any overlay software makes it nice. Another issue I have with these other controllers is that they look horrible in design. Either the buttons are in weird positions or the controller design looks uncomfortable in my hands. In the case of the 5 in one device, it looks too large. Plus, that's not a real D-Pad and the buttons are far too close for my liking. Nope, I'm sticking with this. The design is streamlined and you have what you need without the design being too cramped. Plus, it has analog nubbins. This pleases me. Please make it more comfortable to use in the normal gamemode, because I bought an icontrolpad 1 and it was impossible to switch to the right mode where I could actually use to buttons(d-pad+a,b,x,y). Although I studied the manual and hundreds of forumentries. I even tried to map the key's in the software,but they just didn't reacted properly.Thaaanks :D Howdy. I was up around Winooski earlier this year for some 25B training at Camp Johnson. I hope all the best to you, your team, and the success of this and future projects. I've seen a lot of other controllers like this, but the reason I'm sticking with this over all of them is the overlay software. The fact that developers don't need to do anything for this controller to work with their game/app is amazing. I haven't found another controller that can do that, all the other ones require developer support. This product also looks amazing, and it seems like Craig and the team really, truly care about it, and aren't out just to make money, but they're out to make an amazing product. I love the idea, and I can't wait for it to succeed! Al, sorry to see you're leaving. Although, i'm unsure how you'll physically attach your Ouya controllers to your phone(assuming they'll be open enough to work well with phones in the first place), maybe you'll still change your mind though and want something *ahem* a little sleeker, much more feature-rich, and a heck of a lot more portable. Anyways, best of luck. :) Well sorry you lost interest, but in my opinion it's a pain to carry around a sixaxis controller with you all over the place.. Also the Ouya Controllers doesn't use bluetooth it appears it will use some proprietary wireless method. But Ouya does have bluetooth and will allow bluetooth controllers to connect. Just saw this is going to be released next week for $80 <url>"cancel" was a poor choice of words. What I should of said of course was he should deselect the $80 level and select the $99 level for the Special Edition bundle he was interested in. Sorry and thanks for clarifying it you two. Justin, the keyboard layout in the picture is only a placeholder. Thankfully, the final layout will be much improved. :) I'm going to assume the L2/R2 could be mapped to the big buttons on the keyboard? that would work for me :) Hey Steven- The question of having 4 shoulder buttons has been answered numerous times. The sleek design does not allow for 4 shoulder buttons, but it has been advised to just map any of the keyboard buttons to those buttons. Triggers would be way too hard to put on something so small. Now if they could add in two more small inner shoulder buttons like on the Wii Classic Controller, that would make it perfect for me. Well, it has shoulder buttons ... You know what would make this controller even better. Add two triggers like the Xbox controller and ps3 controller has for racing games for gas and brake or FPS games for a scope and fire. Does the 99 dollar option come with a Bluetooth USB like the 80 dollar option? It's not clear in your description. Would you be able to price it up so we could at least aim towards achieving that? $3900~ a day.. That's totally possible :) Let's work to make it happen sooner than last minute :D If backlit is an overflow goal can we add it to the page ? It would be nice to know how much extra we need to pledge to earn it ! Plus it will help us meet our main goal. @justin - Mark answered the backlit question.. As for the layout and question about ESC and DEL.. what is shown on the main page is just a rendering and doesn't reflect what the actual layout will look like.. the actual layout of the keyboard is being discussed and voted on in the forums.. @Justin; It's been said they can, IF they get additional funding beyond the $150,000, because it's expensive and complicated unless you're not logged in? Michael: It should be located right at the top. ------------------------------------------------------------> with the statistics. 10 days to go. Manage your pledge. in a blue box. Backspace. It needs to have a backspace key. I can't seem to find the "manage your pledge" button. I would like to change my reward, any ideas? Could we get "delete" and "escape" keys by any chance? I think having either one of those would be better than having two "fn" keys, enter (return) keys, or shift keys. Other notable keys would be a windows key, caps lock (or just holding down shift for two seconds/double pressing it), a tab key (infinitely handy for alt+tab'ing between windows), I can't tell if you have parentheses or bracket keys but parentheses seems like a better pick, and lastly a printscreen button. I realize you have looked at a keyboard before and know what keys are on there but those are a few of the most stand-out keys I see. Any chance you could add in backlit keys? That would be awesome! The perfect bluetooth home theater PC remote! You don't need to cancel and re pledge but that will work... click manage your pledge and update the level you want. @Saber; that's not exactly true. Eric can Manage his pledge and choose a different reward tier if he wants, and the survey can be used to determine if he has paid for more than one thing - ie; I'm pledging $25 to have my name engraved in the mould, another $75 for the iCP2 itself and $12 for shipping to Europe. So, I just put in the total amount, and I'll be telling them which I'd like through the survey ... Hello Eric B., if you're interested in the $99 reward level, but have already pledged for the $80 Pi bundle, I believe you'd need to cancel your earlier pledge and become a backer for the $99 support level(which doesn't have the BT stick but does have the Special Edition version of the ICP2). Unfortunately, if you add the $19 to your existing pledge of $80+shipping, Kickstarter will view it as an extra donation outside of your $80 Pi bundle, even though the dollar amount matches up with what you really wanted(the $99 ICP2 SE bundle). Steve, that $80 Gameloft Controller is just awful and looks like it was designed more for young children than adults. Also, i'm shocked to see that Apple will carry it on their retail shelves(and a few months later in their clearance aisle sadly). Plusi, to expand on Victor's comment below, that 5-in-1 Bluetooth keyboard is an insult to bad taste. However on a positve note and in answer to your other comment, the team was talking recently about adding backlight to the ICP2's keyboard. Here's the exact quote from team leader Craig in the forum on the subject: "The design allows for backlighting on the keys, but we can only do this if we exceed the $150k goal as it's complex and expensive to get right." I'm okay with that. :) @Steve, I thought about doing that but it really would be in bad taste to do so. ie You wouldn't want people to link to there device on any ICP2 story would you. Just make sure we don't spam, KS gets enough bad press as it is! If we all want this to get fully funded (which i guess we do as backers) then why not take the opportunity of posting on a few of the news sites about todays Gameloft IOS controller.... great publicity to piggyback some iControlPad2 onto! Google the Gameloft IOS controller then leave some +ve comments and link to the iControlpad2 kickstarter page! Surely that can generate a bit more buzz and some more backers? Particularly as the buzz around the gameloft pad is pretty negative! I've posted a few, hope it helps! Looking at the competition, I don't suppose making the keys backlit would be possible, right? It would definitely be awesome. Looks like somebody copied your idea. :P <url>#chart-mini Xtense, I hope the iControlPad 2 works well for you. :) @Eric, correct that's exactly what I'm doing. Could we have pictures for the final edition of the original iControlPad? I'd like to see how this red scheme looks, as I'm uncertain if I'd like it that way. I may consider just buying the new one instead if that's the case. @Roy, so currently I'm backing the $80 reward, but if I want the $99 reward plus the bluetooth stick, keep the $80 reward selected and just make my amount pledged $116? @Trevor, I'd love too, but I just cannot afford it at the moment! @Eric, you can keep your normal pledge and just up the amount your donating. I've upped mine twice since my original pledge. If all current backers pledged a measly $44 this project will be fully funded ! I smell some new rewards tiers coming ! I recently suffered a serious relapse of multiple sclerosis, almost completely paralyzing my dominant right hand. Using touchscreen devices is now such a chore that i have foregone writing texts to people - the missing tactile feedback makes hitting onscreen buttons that much harder. This is why I immediately decided to back this project - it will once again enable me to use my phone to it's fullest and, when I inevitably suffer another relapse, will seamlessly replace a full PC keyboard if I am bedridden or otherwise incapable of using a typical keyboard. This is exactly what I need and I hope you guys will be able to make them. :salute: Upped my pledge to the two pack. HTPC remote & one for my phone. That 10 pack is tempting. ;). Now let's see some vids! I'm with everyone else, I'd like to increase my pledge to a higher reward, but I'd like to still get the Bluetooth stick. Can I just increase my pledge and add $5 on top to get the Bluetooth stick as well? Especially with the typical last-day rush :) You managed to get 40k in 10 days. I bet we will do 50k in 11 days no problem. Just keep it up and we will see it through!!!!! :) Just 50,000 to go :) Yay 66% reached and 11 days left! I really hope this gets funded. Might wanna mention the new photo via a new update so people are notified of it I think some more photos and videos of the different reward levels would help for sure Come on guys, spread the word out there! :) We need this to succeed or we'll be doomed to touchscreen only gaming from here on! Lets hit 100k today ! I have been posting this on all the android.emulation forums I know of ! I'm very curious about how the GOLD plated version looks like :) I would suggest sending a link about this project to TheVerge.com. If this were to get posted and TheVerge's readers see it, I think this project will finish well above the goal. I don't think a lot of people know about the possibility of an open ended Bluetooth controller. I had always wondered if there was a wireless controller that would work with touch screen games and I happened to get lucky by stumbling onto this KickStarter. @ Trevor Hayes, I agree with you. I'm looking to change my pledge for the final special edition ICP to a combo pack but still awaiting a few responses on some questions regarding that OK, cool. So, could we get them as add-ons for the goals? OK, maybe I'm being stupid (which is more than likely) but why would we need a BT dongle? :S Just pledged $152 (including shipping) for two controllers. Can I add in $5 for a USB BT dongle? Thanks for adding the tier, BTW. I have the icontrolpad 1 and its superb product and despite still waiting on my upgraded Rebirth edition Open Pandora console, I have complete faith that Craig will deliver on another great product. You have my backing and I look forward to my icontrolpad 2! Let's hope we keep up the momentum we saw today! At this rate we will hit the goal early. on another note if everyone pledged just an extra $61.16 ICP2 could be funded immediately As soon as I saw this, I Flipped the heck out. THIS IS AWESOME! Seriously. This is EVERYTHING I ever dreamed for in a mobile controller. These babies should just straight up come standard with phones. Grabbing a boxed version, and anxiously waiting for it to arrive in 2 months, cause iI know this is going to get insanely over-funded :P Less than 60K! and by "something along the lines of $100?", I meant why not package an ICP + boxed edition FOR *$100* @ Ryan List [Gordon Freeman] Understandable. Only thing is I am not interested in the special edition of the ICP2 which is $100. I would like the original ICP $50 [which only comes in the FInal Special Edition] as well as an ICP2 "boxed edition" $75. If i wanted an ICP as well as a special edition ICP2, then yes, that is a deal. I just don't care for a wooden box, numbered, with a letter of thanks from the team for additional money. If a special final edition ICP + special edition ICP2 is $125 (retail $150), why not package an ICP + boxed addition (retail $125) for something along the lines of $100? @Andy J You are missing a key fact. The $125 pledge is for the special ICP AND the special ICP2. Given the $49 pledge and the $99 pledge for both the SICP and SICP2, you would be saving about $23 bucks. (And perhaps more money in regards to shipping, but I assume all items would be shipped together.) Unless I am wrong, and I apologize now, but if the new pledge level is the $125 pledge for the Special edition of the ICP and ICP2, where is the benefit? If I pledged $50 for an ICP and then adjusted my pledge for an additional $75 for the boxed edition of the ICP2, it would be the same as the $125 tier pledge. I could be missing something because I was unaware of the the red buttons as well as both holders for the special edition of the ICP so the special edition of the ICP2 could be different but I think I am just as confused as everyone else... U should get a facebook page up for the ICP 2 I am hoping we make $(0K by the end of today and maybe 100K by the time we reach 10 days @ Product 3 LLC, You said you added "two" ICP's level". Which levels are these? Just not sure what was added recently. @MarkBuckley is correct, What I was describing was for additions that werent a "limited run". It makes sense because how would they know how many backers pledged when you can't select multiple pledges. This is the same predicament I am in because I pledged for a final special edition of the original ICP. If there was a pledge tier that would allow me to purchase a final special editon ICP as well as an ICP2 "boxed edition", then I would be set but the final special edition is a limited run so how would they know how many remain? @Günther, if I were you I would contact them directly via the 'Contact me' button to the right of the screen :) I would have thought you would have to choose the $25 pledge level, as it's limited, and then add on the other funds and choose that in a survey sent out afterwards ... But like I say, I'd definitely contact them directly :) Thanks for the insight. I understand what you are saying. But here it looks like a little different story: The mould does not have endless space for the names and it will only be built once. So I think the limit of 70 for the names has a reason. So if e.g. 100 backers would opt for the name engraving in the mould without really selecting the reward in the first place but rather after the project has been finally backed, there would not be enough room for all of the names. What will happen then? <url>"Smarter Stand", not the "Hand Stylus". I couldn't find the original idea but you get the point. Ill try and grab screen shot now. @Gunther You are correct. It won't show multiple pledges. For example; I recently helped backed the Hand Stylus, another kickstarter project. My pledge was for one stylus as well as a pack of replacement tips. If people wanted to engrave their stylus or add an additional pack of replacement tips, you would just add the difference onto your pledge. So if my pledge was for one stylus with tips for $35 but I also wanted the stylus to be engraved for and additional $10, I would modify my pledge for $45. When the project came to a close, I was sent a survey asking my shipping address as well as what I pledged. It showed my pledge for one hand stylus with tips, but then there was an option for what else I might have wanted that wasn't part of my initial pledge. Creating a new pledge would mean creating a new userid, correct? I don't want to do that. Don't want to deal with multiple userids. Or is there another way to create a new pledge? Sorry for these possible annoying questions. I am just trying to learn how that all works. Please create a new pledge for two ICP2s... @Andy Just tried your suggestion but did not yet complete the process because it looks like I cannot select more than one reward at a time. Correct? It shows me what I have selected (Raspberry Pi Pack). But when I try to select the "name in the mould" reward it looks like the Raspberry Pi Pack gets deselected. So I am not sure: Should I leave the original selection active and then request for the "name in the mould" reward later? To me that does not make sense because there are only 70 "name in the moulds" available so the number of these rewards must be counted somehow. This will not be the case if I can only select just one reward at a time. So is it at all possible to have two rewards selected at the same time? This seems to picking up some steam today! The Joystiq mention is probably a serious boon. Congratulations, Craig! @Gunther If you click on the blue button that says "Manage Your Pledge" you can add the additional $25 to your order. Once the Kickstarter comes to a close, you should receive a survey asking for your address for you product to be shipped as well as what you pledged for. Don't forget to add in your shipping. Most Kickstarters include shipping within the US so some people forget to include the shipping cost in addition to their pledge. Hey, do you have plans to offer AZERTY iControlPad 2? Hi! I am new to Kickstarter so please bear with me and my question: I have already pledged and selected the Rasperry Pi Pack as reward. But now after to newly added reward to add my name to the mould I decided to add that extra one. How would I do that? Can I just add the extra $25 to my pledge and will I then be able to add that extra reward? I am just not sure if that works so I thought I'd better ask you before doing anything. I am keeping all my fingers crossed for this kickstarter to be successfull. Can't wait to get my ICP2! Oh wow thank you for that. I was unaware that they came with red buttons, very cool addition. I thought it was only the universal metal holder, so your saying we get both the universal metal holder as well as the side clamp set? For those that are wondering what accessories the Final Special Edition of the original ICP comes with, Debs was very helpful by informing me that it comes with the Universal Metal Holder. Hope that cleared up some questions you might have, I certainly had no clue. We need $4,890 per day to meet our goal Or if all existing backers pledged an extra $69.26 we would be 100% funded right now ! Maybe add a new reward that is something fun that will get all backers to pledge another $69 ! A little update (maybe even a video) instead of just a comment for news like that would be nice so that all backers are notified :) congrats, <url>"Well you can use the apps which allow you to add controls to games to make use of them, eventually these apps will allow for accurate screen swipes and such using the nubs." :) An adult converstaion I hope. I am 46 years old and have been a gamer since the begening. So when the ipad/ipone came out I purchased a ton of games only to relaize the touch controls are terrible for most games. For something like plants vs zombies they are perfect for more traditional games, touch contrls are usless. I had all these games I didnt play beacuse of the touch controls. I hope this project sees the light of day, if it fails I will personal pay 200 bucks for a hand made one-off. With that said, this project woulld allow me to play those games and have the correct feel. Since i was so dissapointed with touch controls I purchesed a Vita and was reminded how important controls are. After watching the video I am wondering how it deals with swips or lengthy drags? Some games you need to "slide" right or left analog style. Meaning does the "overlay" mapping support a liniar drag? I also noticed that the developers controls are still visible thus cluttering the display so even this solution has issues. Despite this negative i am still funding this. It is my opinion that touch controls are runing gaming ingeneral because developers are flocking to phone devices and making inferrior games just because of market penitration. This product is the missing link, I am amazed this has not hit the funding amount yet. Please let's tell you friends. I am in for 120 , doing my part. Hi Trevor, to back multiple levels just add onto your first pledge the additional amount of the new pledge without adding any more to the shipping charge. So, for example, if you have already pledged $120 + $12/$20 shipping for your developer's version of the ICP2 and you desire the 10 deluxe pack of iControlPad 2 controllers, just add in the $599 amount to your first total of $132(or $140) for a combined sum of $731(or $739). ManBearPig, oh I understand now. You want the aluminium iCP2 $150 pledge level and the $49 iCP1 pledge level to be offered at a $25 combo discount plus the applicable shipping charge. If I may suggest, you should request this special pledge be added to the others by posting for it on the forum. It's worth a try and, if others are also interested, it might just be granted for you and those who might want it(or one of the other custom face plates). I know what you mean about wanting four shoulder buttons, but realistically, the team had limited space to work with. There's still always the option of mapping L2 and R2 to some of the other buttons or even to one of the analogue nubs. I'll probably be using the right nub(or numbers 1 and 0) for this for when I play some PS1 classics on my laptop. :) You're very welcome Katrina. :) Thanks Saber :) Really hope this project reaches it's estimated targed... It looks like the best gaming controller I've seen for any smart phone... I pledged for IC2 + Box + USB Cable and $12 postage... Come on people, get those pledges in to make this project a reality ! Adding in two different pledges won't get me what I want unfortunately. What I want is a combo pack like the $125 pledge, but for the extra special edition. So the price should be $175. If I add two seperate pledges for the extra special and the Final IC1, that would be $200. That is more than I am willing to spend. If you had a $175 combo pack, I would upgrade to that and you could get $50 more out of me. But I'm not willing to spend $75 more. So I guess I will just stay at the $125 pledge then. Really wish it could have two more inner small shoulder buttons (like on the Wii Classic Controller); only thing I would add. Hell, if yall could get those two more shoulder buttons, I would give yall $200 for the two pledges. I want to pledge 2 things .. 1 is my current pledge the early developer special pre-release of the ICP2 the other is the lot of 10 ICP2 I want the dev one so I can get mine ASAP...but I also know that these will sell on ebay for more than $100 each so buying 10 for $60 each is instant profit...I remember the orginal ICP 1sold quite well on ebay. How can I back multiple pledge categories ? Hi Duncan, that's a question to ask Michael Weston on the forum. He's the one who'll definitely know the answer to that. Hey Al - There is no risk in pledging for a project even if the project may not fund. If the project does not fund, your money is not taken. The pledge money is only taken if the project funds. Therefore, EVERYONE who is considering pledging should do it right away. There is no need to wait to see if it "might fund." I believe that this controller is priced on the higher side, but I also believe that you get what you pay for. This controller is not lacking at all compared to ANY game pad. As a matter of fact it has just abut everything but the kitchen sink. Are there any kind of internal/external headers or test points hooked up to the XMEGA? Hi Robert, the $25 pledge means your name or short name-length message will be etched into the inside back cover of the iCP2 mould casing. So everyone who pledges for any iControlpad 2 Controller will also have the name "Robert" or "Saber" machined into theirs too. Those who decide to pledge the $25 in addition to one of the other iControlPad 2 tiers, will also receive a second barebones case to display their/the inscriptions that would otherwise be hidden inside the sealed controller's shell. It's a nice way to help out the team and to be part of the iCP2's history. :) I'm slightly confused, do I need to pledge an extra $25 to have the signed case? Hello Katrina, the $125 pledge level with the Special Editions of both the iControlPad 1 and 2 comes with all the extras like the Universal and Flip Phone Holders, USB Cables, Wooden Presentation Box, and the letter of thanks from the development team. Hi Eric, the iCP 1 uses the mini USB cable for charging while the iCP2 uses the newer standard micro USB cable(same as on most Android phones) for both charging and for wireless BT/wired USB gameplay. :) Mr ManBearPig, I doubt there will be such a pledge level added by itself, but you can always create your own pledge level by adding two of them together, like say the $125 and the $150 tiers, to get what you asked. As a reminder though, you only need to add in the $12 or $20 shipping charge once no matter how many pledge levels you combine. :) Hi Al, unlike some other Kickstarter projects that have delays after they're funded, the ICP2 team is all ready to launch, once the goal is reached, to produce the controllers in 2012. They've learned what to do from and succeeded with the first iControlPad. Remember also that the bulky Sony PS3 controller doesn't have a full 55 key keyboard by the way and you can't [easily] stuff it into a pocket. For what you get, the iControlPad 2 is a better value than any of the gamepad clones before it, and it's open source. Question, your estimated delivery is Nov 2012. What likley hood is that true? I am guessing like most kickstarter projects your going to anounce many delays and not ship till 2013. Can you gives us some kind of certianty level that we will get these this year, in 2012? like 95% certain. $87 is a lot for an Android remote, you can buy two Android compatable PS3 controllers for the same price. From <url>"Manage Your Pledge" on the right, increase your pledge and change your reward level. @Pen-Yuan Hsing Yes, that is one of the intended uses. Just like the original iCP which had a mouse mode where the Analog Nubs will act as a mouse pointer/mouse scroll. Does it will support a rumble motor? or even the possibility to left the space for a small motor? For those times when you connect it to a computer for example. Does the "raw version" also come with the Flip Holder? If not, can I edit my pledge to the next level? ($75) Can the iControlPad 2 act as a set of wireless keyboard and mouse for a Bluetooth-enabled computer? Hi Benjamin, in addition to the ICP2 Controller, USB Cable, Box, and Phone Flip Holder, the $80 pledge tier includes a Bluetooth dongle that is guaranteed to work with a Rasberry Pi. From what i've read, some BT dongles tried with the Pi won't work with it. Not sure why that is though but the one that comes with this package does. ManBearPig, lol, I recognize your avatar from the awesome 1979 "mutant bear" flick Prophecy. Scared me as a kid and still frightens the heck out of me when I feel brave enough to watch it. As for your question, the team has talked about having 4 shoulder buttons, but with the size of the controller, there is limited space available to do it. I'm not sure if they are still contemplating it, but an option for now could be to map L2 and R2 to any of the other buttons like say 1 and 0, or even to the two large buttons in the lower left and right corners. Myself, i'll be using the numbers to map L2 and R2 for PSX's Twisted Metal 2. :) Is there any possibility that you can also put two more shoulder buttons on the back like on the original iControlPad? That way you have 4 shoulder buttons (R1&R2, L1&L2). Not a necessity, but would be nice for playstation games. I really hope this gets funded because I really want one. Went for the Special edition combo pack. Yeah, Its just a regular bluetooth dongle. It can be used for other things. I'm a little confused; for the $80 reward, you just get a Bluetooth dongle, right? Is it especially for the Raspberry Pi, or am I missing something? find out in 20 days.. <url>"push" the d-pad, nubs, and face buttons to an uncomfortably low position on the gamepad, which is why they engineered it the way they did, with the main keyboard below everything else. Roman, i'm not sure the project would continue if the KS didn't reach it's goal, that's why with our support we have to make this a success. Let everyone who might be interested in a highly portable game controller with a full qwerty keyboard know about this Kickstarter. Friends, tech news sites, anyone who might make a difference. Let's help this unique project move on and up. :) 3 quick questions... 1. Is the new swivel holder only available with the $75 pledge and above? 2. Is it only available for the iControlPad2? I'm not sure if I really need a keyboard and would like to use it with the original iControlPad if possible. 3. How comfortable is it to use the gamepad with the keyboard below? I'm not sure which is the more optimal configuration (keyboard above or keyboard below gamepad controls). Guys, i have a question? Is there an option, when he doesn't reach he's goal. That i just can buy 1 icontrolpad 1 or 1 icontrolpad 2? Please i really want one but i can't buy him. Hello Roman, yes, it would be a good idea to add your $12 shipping into your pledge before the Kickstarter ends. Denilson, 6 face buttons would be nice, but it would unfortunately increase the size of the ICP2 making it a bit pocket unfriendly. Maybe someday there will be an ICP2 XL, but for now one can always map those two extra buttons to the other keys and shoulder controls however they want. James, on the forum, it's being discussed about what keys to have in the ICP2 keyboard arrangement. TAB is definitely one of those keys we're asking to be included. Several of us on the forum have already submitted our own designs and we'd love to hear from any of you on what you'd want added to the final product. Tommy, if this Kickstarter reaches it's goal(I know it will), then the Pandora 2 will be produced and will feature at least a similar or nearly identical keyboard layout to the ICP2. Everything considered, it should be the usual standard layout we're all used to. Robert A, i'm not sure if they will have custom keymats in Swedish, but you can always sign up with the forum and ask your question directly to see if they could do this for you. Maybe this kind of request could be made into a new pledge tier by the team? Hi Al, yes, shipping for the U.S. needs to be added into your final pledge for this particular Kickstarter(remember this is their first KS, a serious undertaking, so they'll know better next time). As an example, for me, since I live in the United States also and pledged the same as you did, $75, I had to add in the $12 shipping fee too which brought it to $87. Now, all I have to do is wait for them to produce them. :) Would it is possible to design a slider instead of a swivel for phone holder? It would turn all phone into slider form factor phones. It would even be better if we can slide the icontrolpad out just halfway to use only the keyboard! Would be able to use it during work. Would it be possible to pay a bit extra to get a keymat printed with the Swedish layout? Someone suggested 6 face buttons. That's a nice idea, because it would be perfect for Street Fighter games. For ScummVM adventure game players, a TAB button would be nice. Other useful buttons would be a left mouse button, right mouse button, arrow keys... Of course, if any button is customizable, I guess this shouldn't be a problem. But I don't have any programing abilities whatsoever. So hopefully someone can make a user friendly customizable app. I also wish it had 6 face buttons. It would be amazing if the swivel hinge also allowed to tilt the screen like a clam shell laptop. I also hope this thing can survive a couple of accidental drops onto concrete. Guys, i paid 75$. But i live in europe. The shipping cost 12$. Does i have to pay it already? @Al, These will most likely be shipped from the UK where they're being assembled like the first iControlPad. @ Tommy, The Layout is still being argued on by the community members in the Forum, Join them to put your thoughts into it. Will the keyboard layout be the same as pandora? I'm asking because a tab key is really usefull in my line of work. @Al Calavicci, why do you think it's normal for other countries to pay shipping? I'm confused, if we live in the USA we have to add $12 ? Shipping is not included by default? All other kickstarter projects include shipping to the USA by default. So I have to bid $75 + $12 = 87$ ? -1 for the communist approach to shipping. :S Although I live in Australia, I'm happy to pay my own shipping costs. This project will be critical for the success of the Pandora 2, so support it with all your life savings people. @Saber, awesome – I'll jump over to the forum and advocate a dual-mode BT chip… Since you're saying it can hold a Nexus 7, I'm guessing that it can easily hold just about any "standard" sized smartphone on the market. Would that be correct? I added an extra amount to my pledge to cover shipping. I did not see an option for shipping so just wanted to make sure I was supposed to just increase the donation ! Hi Rusty and Stuart, there is talk from the team about using a faster BT chip than what is in the prototype they have now. Here's the exact quote from the forum from team leader Craig on the subject: "I think Michael [Weston] is looking in to what BT he wants to use. The prototype uses the same chip as last time, but there are more options available to us now. I know he has been looking at a sightly more expensive but superior chip." :) Hi Al, the $69 pledge tier is just for the ICP2 controller(some only need just the gamekeypad for a project they're working on or for PC gameplay). The $75 one though has the extra amenities: Box, Phone Holder, USB Cable, and the standard ICP2. @Al Calavicci, I wouldn't call it deceiving. It clearly says Original iControlPad.. plus what type of reward would people want at the $49 dollar tier that doesn't hand out the actual device.. a T-shirt or coffee mug would be pretty lame.. Does the $69 version get the flip holder? On accident I ordered the iControlpad at $49 and had the wrong pledge for a few days. Which I think is deceiving and should not be an option. This kickstarter page is for the iControlPad 2 so why list an old finished product that your not even trying to get funding for listed? I've just pledged for iCP2 with Pi. Anyway I hope if there will possible to drag & move with the analogy sticks under Blutrol. That will make wider full support on apps. Another +1 to Stuart's comment. Will Bluetooth 4.0 LE be in iControlPad 2? Eric, it looks like it's as you said. The $99 tier seems more for collectors and/or for those who want to pledge a little bit more for an iControlPad 2 in a different color scheme than plain "boring" black(like yours truly). Are the only differences between the $75 tier and $99 tier, the different color, its numbered, wooden case, and signed letter from the development team? Other than that, it's the same, right? Michael, that's a great idea if Kickstarter implemented a shipping reminder pop-up. I'm abashed to say I almost forgot to add shipping to my own destined for the U.S. pledge. :) I know that most, and my own experience all, Kickstarter projects that ship physical objects have a note about shipping that applies to a subset for their backers. The issue that I was pointing out was that in this implementation $x doesn't equal tier $x for anybody. That said, there are few enough backers that I don't feel that people forgetting to include shipping is currently going to make the difference between this project being funded or not. If only the Kickstarter page could be customized with a popup that reminded people about the shipping cost for their tier, or better still adjusted the tier levels depending on the location listed in the account. That said I do regret using the word disingenuous before, and I'm eagerly awaiting this product's release despite not owning a cell phone or tablet. Michael, shipping can always be easily added after a pledge for any Kickstarter project if the person forgot to include it. Even the Ouya KS in their rewards section had a message to international buyers saying "We have to ask you to add $20 for shipping outside the U.S.". In the case of the ICP2, it's part of the rewards description to add shipping to your pledge for both U.S. and outside the U.S. buyers. I'm sure their next KS they do will have shipping included for the United States, but this is their first time. and I for one am delighted to support this talented bunch of nice guys with their first Kickstarter. I've never seen another device quite like it, and am looking forward to owning one myself, so best of luck to the team. Can you provide more information about the swivel holder? I'm interested to see how it would work on a 7" tablet, like the Nexus 7. Is it strong enough to hold the tablet? Not thrilled that a baseline shipping charge isn't included in the reward tiers already. Seems kind of disingenuous to ask for an additional contribution so that someone can receive their reward (for example you must pledge at least $61 to receive the reward for the $49 tier). The one way this could work ethically would be to separate your shipping costs from pledges, in which case you would need to send a shipping bill for each customer. Why not simply raise the tier boundaries to include a baseline cost for shipping. I'd hate to be someone who after the Kickstarter drive ended realized that they would get the next lower tier because they didn't read the fine print (but they should know to read the descriptions in full anyways). That said, I'm super excited. You don't know who often I've wished to have a keyboard on hand when I realize that a wireless model won't do the trick. I'm wondering if an iOS device would need to be jailbroken in order to use the "button overlay" feature that is mentioned. Also, can we get more information on the clip that holds the phone? Can we get pictures of the back? Does it have a wide enough variance to be able to hold most phones, despite the various widths and depths of today's phones? I really hope this project gets funded. It looks fantastic! Is Canada included in the USA/Europe shipping rate or are we lumped in with international? is it possible to turn the icontrollpad2 into phone charger as well? or add an extra battery to it? I'm super excited! I always wanted a physical controller for my i devices but have always been hesitant. I think I found what I've been looking for. I love that the controller has that retro shape to it like the old NES controller but with the functionality of a modern controller with more buttons to map. My only suggestion is that the controller looks very cluttered as is. I know the design is not final but it would be nice if you could put the keyboard on the back of the controller like the Equiso SmartTV remote. This solution might not work because you could accidentally press a key on the underside while playing so I was thinking you could have the keyboard slide out or flip open like on the old T-Mobile SideKicks or the LG Envys. Backed! Looks very interesting for home theatre PCs, etc. Best of luck, hope you make it! donated to the project, don't want anything in return. Good luck on hitting your goal! Will the game mapping software work with standard iOS devices. It looks like blutrol which is only for jail broken iOS You need to clarify to be fair to potential backers who may not realise I have purchased 3 icontrolpad gen 1 and they all work great. Can't wait for this version. The addition of the keyboard is awesome and really just gives us even more ways to use. Can't wait to hit the target! I think you should make the flip holder more sturdy. I'm not sure how I like that. I'm a backer and excited but it seems cheap and tacky as of right now. I say it needs to be made better. Hey, please check that the phone flip holder is strong enough. Also I may say that a swivel holder could be an option but i dont know well how this hflip holder really works. I guess one could just stick an NFC-Tag-Sticker on the pad, but the idea of having a NFC-Tag on it is pretty cool! I'm also curious if the buttons will be more "clicky" (which I'd prefer) or "mushy" to press. Pledged! Really looking forward to this. +1 to Stuart's comment. Bluetooth 4.0 LE or not? Even for the "raw" iControlpad 2, will it come with instructions or a link to instructions of any kind? Even a slip of paper with a QR code stuffed into the shipping boxes would be enough. Also, NFC. The iControlPad 2 swings from the back of the phone when attached, which is where most NFC antennas are placed. It'd be cool to have the iControlPad automatically change IME settings when attached, avoid having to screw around in settings. Will it emulate ps3 controllers? Was about to order a 2nd iControlpad (1) when I spotted this Kickstarter. Might as well go for the 'special edition' (any details?) and support the good cause :) Does it support Bluetooth 4.0 LE? Pledged and shared on G+ and FB! I really hope this gets funded. I would use the iControlPad 2 literally everywhere :P With my phone, my tablet and probably even with my PC at home to control MPC:HC and other things. Good luck! Every great journey starts with a first step. I guess that phrase was before cars were invented but I digress. Good luck guys, this is a great project , let's hope its successfull Glad you folks did this! Hope it gets enough press coverage in the next few days to make it happen.