Dear "iFinders", My name is Dr. Paul McArthur - one of the co-founders of WeTag, and the General Manager. On behalf of the WeTag team, I want to truly thank every single one of you who has supported us and been very patient while we finish the roll out process of the product iFind. As we hit $500K just now, we will of course implement the stretch goal. A new video will be coming soon. In the case of product development we have a very precise timeline to achieve our fulfillment delivery dates. Some people have wondered why I do not have a robust presence online. Well, unfortunately, my identity was once stolen. And when that happens, you think twice about posting anything online. I have not even created a LinkedIn profile. So, let me tell you a bit about myself here. Currently I am working out of Plano, TX. I have been involved in this industry since 1984. After I received my Bachelor of Science degree in Electronics and Microprocessor Design, I continued my education and obtained my two graduate degrees while I was also working full time as a senior RF design engineer in MRI, at the ripe old age of 28. My Ph.D. also included bipolar IC design at that point, but was more system level, concentrating on RF interactions with the body from consumer product sources. My other degree was medical. My career path has taken me through some of the best companies in the industry such as Freescale, Philips, Olympus and more. During that time I learned the value of how to take a product from feasibility to mass production. That includes medical devices, consumer products, and Integrated Circuit design. Although a diverse set of skills, it covered all of the aspects of releasing qualified products. I know that all of the real engineers will understand. I learned a lot of lessons in how to be successful and how to stay ahead of the curve by keeping inventions and product development within the confines of the organization. As much as we would like to divulge the technology, we cannot do so at this time. With patents pending, and confidentiality agreements in various licensing situations, we are in a position to reveal only the items that our legal team advises. We know this has frustrated some of our backers. However, our intention has not been and never will be to hide, lie, cover up, or mislead our customers and the public. We are so excited that the majority of our backers have been kind, courteous, and most of all generous. We appreciate you and look forward to the exciting months ahead as we begin to prepare for shipping in October. For those of you who want to communicate directly with me, please contact me through email: <email>. We want our last 10 days on Kickstarter to be a good experience for everyone. I will go through each and every one of them and address legitimate, real concerns. Good afternoon "iFinders" Great news did come with a new, refreshing morning: we have reached our $500K stretch goal! One of the results that is part of this, was the "last seen GPS" function and will now be available in the coming iFind APP. The APP will automatically remember the last seen GPS location of each of your tags. It serves as a great reminder when you have no clue where a tagged item could be lost. Using this new function with "Rope" will make iFind an even more powerful anti-lost and anti-theft tool. That is not all. With you backers' generous supports, we want to make our technique more prevailing. We will include a software development kit (SDK) release in our future plans. Thank you again to all our backers. We could have not achieved this without your support so far. WeTag Inc Good Evening "iFinders", Here is our second technical report. This covers some of the testing conditions that we have performed on the harvesting circuits. Hopefully this will answer some of your questions about different environments. Thank you again for all of your support. WeTag Inc. Good morning "iFinders" Thank you so much for the support in reaching $400,000. We appreciate all of you. WeTag Inc. Good afternoon "iFinders” We just reached $300K last night. Again, we couldn't have achieved this without your support. A BIG THANK YOU to all of you amazing people. In the meanwhile, we are checking with the manufacturer whether Day Glo, translucent and phosphorescent ”iFind” will be available. If that is found to be a fit with the process, we will put them as a new stretch goal later. Wish you a great day! WeTag Inc Good afternoon "iFinders" Last night we reached the stretch goal of $250k and we would like to show you the new colors that are available. You can choose from all of the colors at the end of the campaign. Don't forget to follow us on social networks: Facebook | Twitter | Google+ | Pinterest Thank you again for all of your support! WeTag Inc Good evening 'iFinders' During the past week it has been requested that we provide some technical details associated with the tag. As a result we have composed a technical brief that presents information to answer most of the questions but also protects the technologies that we are patenting in the USA, European Union and China. We are also in discussions with other companies to license the technology and have to protect these as well for exclusivity reasons. We believe that we are the first to publish any data on a tag and hope that we will not be the last. Again many thanks for your support and now we can concentrate on getting you the best product available. WeTag Inc. Good morning "iFinders" and a very safe Memorial Day Early this morning we reached the second stretch goal of $150,000. We send each and everyone of you a very great thank you. In addition we have been looking at the private emails sent and have added one more stretch goal (250k) and changed another (500k). In the new goal goal we are offering four new colors (Bronze, Silver, Gold and Titanium). The other goal has changed to where we will be adding a "Last seen GPS location". Thank you again for all of your support WeTag Inc. Good afternoon "iFinders" We just want to say thank you to each and everyone of you as we have just reached the first stretch goal. We are continuing to work to ensure that we deliver the best product in the market sector. Please look for all of our posts and updates. Thank you again WeTag inc. Good morning "iFinders" Early this morning one of the people involved in WeTag received a personal attack through the email. This was both disgusting and crude. As a result I want to share some points from this The author of the email stated that he wanted technical details but then expressed his fondness for hacking and reverse engineering. He stated that if did not receive that, he would expose the project as a scam. This is not a "scam". If you are not satisfied with your product we will refund you the money. The personal threats we will not reveal as our attorney is now dealing with the matter. We hope that you see this from our point of view. If you agree with the email that we received you are free to act in any manner that you see fit. WeTag Inc. Good afternoon "iFinders" To many, energy harvesting is a BIG mystery. There have been many questions (and suspicions) about it. We have posted a note, in the first of a series, on the background of radio (electromagnetic wave) harvesting and how it can power our the Bluetooth radio in the iFind Tag. It is meant for the general public. The post can be found at <url>