I complaint at Kickstarter. This what I received today, 11-14-2020! Hi there, Thank you for bringing this project to our attention: Project: iPlifier™ for iPhone 5 Report date: June 26, 2013, 9:08 AM CEST Report content: This Mr Ariel Shtul is not reacting at all. Nor is he shipping his gift/product. He is talking about creating the injection mold, although he is showing in his site/facebook/kickstarter pages a finish... We’ve investigated and determined that it doesn’t violate our rules or community guidelines. If you believe there is an issue that’s not covered by our rules or guidelines, please contact us with more details. If you haven’t already, you can also communicate directly with the project creator. While we won’t be taking action on this project at this time, we value your input. We rely on reports like yours to ensure the safety and integrity of Kickstarter for everyone. Thanks again for looking out for the Kickstarter community. Best, Kickstarter Trust & Safety I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I hope Ariel is stealing money from Redislabs his place of employment... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This was one of the biggest scams. Lol I'd like a refund. I never got it Never got this ... Wtf Never received this either Me too - Never received my product i backed for... Never received my order. This is a fraud It's been 2 years, nothing's being shipped to backers... Is there an official way to file a complaint to Kickstarter? <url>שלום לך חמוד , וואלה אני בהליך של הגשת כתב אישום נגדך בארץ אל ההונעה הזאת. ( תשמע בתחלס לא מעניים אותי כל האנשים האלה פה, אם הם יקבלו או לא יקבלו את המוצר. אותי מעניין שאני יקבל!!) I started the process of filing charges against this Israeli scammer in Israel which I'm from in local police . <url>"Amazon," and make sure the card company representative you talk to understands the unique situation of Amazon being a 3rd party intermediary collecting funds and redistributing them. The other thing is that there was a court case in Washington where they set a precedent by throwing out the premise that we are investing in a project and said we were purchasing a product. The consequences of this are huge. Kickstarter cases are now in criminal court instead of civil court and creators are subject to criminal penalties under the consumer protection laws. <url>#.U2bqQcczDbb <url>» <url>"backer beware". It's a risk you take when you back someone's project. Ariel received so much press and publicity from so many techy websites and blogs. I'm surprised that no one has googled the iPlifier and contacted all the people and organizations that helped to promote him and his project. I originally found out about this project on Wired. Contacting police will NOT help you. Contacting all the folks who helped promote this fraudulent Kickstarter project will. It will help bring awareness and make people think twice before they back a project or help to promote one. Hi Ariel. Wondering why I didn't comment on your peaking on November 3th? And you peaked on November 6th. Wel today I am preparing your case to file it to the Dutch police. I think your name should be listed there. Your facebook friends are walking away. Wonder why? Hi! Still did not get my order! Are you alive? Please read Evan's last comment. There won't be any iPlifiers. Ariel Shtul is deceitful and unscrupulous ****. And yes, Kickstarter won't do anything about it. Today the 22nd of October. So coming back today Ariel to do what? Making excuses? Saying nothind but enjoying yourself? Today it is more than six months ago when the funding period succesfully ended. And you, You have done nothing. You just took off with the money. This user's account has been deleted. No iPlifier and the last update was months ago. What is this. No iPlifier and the last update was months ago. What is this. where is my iplifier. i have paid!!! @Debi Prince. The guy logged in today 10-10. Ok but muy guess is that you or we (the backers) will never receive a iPlifier from Ariel. Wel he come back to the site now and the but there is no more to that. We were all supposed to receive an iPlifier in May 2013… it's now October 2013. Where is my product @Ariel. These days you must have received the: FORM 1: An affordable, professional 3D printer. Will you be using it to print our iplifiers? That is a task with many ours to go. It is easier to use the mold oyu were speaking of in april and may 2013. Make sure Ariel you stil have our adresses for shipping. cant believe he bailed. Here's hoping that there are some disgruntled backers that manage to get a hold of him in Atlanta, or that he ends up in a car crash, or breaks his teeth against the stairs after having slipped on a cold winter day... May you be punished, one way or another. People like you disgust me. Ariel, back again today. Are you having difficulties with shipping many of us are eager to you help. Ariel come back, pls! Ariel still thinking to finish this project? Or are you just curious to read what has happend on the 19th of sept. Well are you not able to start a good debate. Here I have a good opening line for you. Dear KS fellows I am back form ........ and start sending you you iPlifiers. Wel that would be the good news. Well Ariel how about that! Still coming back Ariel. the 17th and the 18th, why. Are you enjoying this, and still avoiding a good debate? Yes indeed he is often online as presumably checking.... It is probably his perverted way of getting gratification from his awful and unethical behavior... He was online!!! 10.09.13!!! Thomas Bischof you might want to read the rest of the comments posted below. In short, there will be no shipments for this product as this guy has ripped us off. @ken good idea When starts the shipping? $8576.00 hum not bad for flapping your jaws and telling a few lies. So what did you buy with your windfall, new car, living room furniture set. Maybe you should think of funeral planning for the next time you decide to defraud a group of innocent individuals because you can't get away with robbing people all the time. Dick wad. Well Israel doesn't really have much to do with the fact that this guy is a total ****. As far as PayPal is concern I suggest getting a PayPal debit card. Better protections that way. All Ariel did was give Israel a bad taste in our mouths, no offense as I have nothing against them, but this dude doesn't deserve shit in life. Back again Ariel Shtul. What is the purpose of your visit to this site this time? Curisosity, guilt, wanting to give us an explanation or are you planning to ship the iplifier to us. You write "I like to play around with new ideas and have a good debate about... well, basically everything". Well then lets start that good debate. And I am not going to talk about your holidays. I've been ripped off 3 times now, and kickstarter is the last place I want to buy anything anymore. I bought an iPhone case that was supposedly a protective case, and my iPhone shattered.... Never received this, the Magic Wallet came in terrible quality. I'm sick of kickstarter and wont be funding projects anymore, as it seems I am taking a ginormous risk with giving these people my money. Kickstarter is something I will never use again. PayPal should be the only method of payment, not amazon. At least they protect us. Dammit....as i understand we're ripped....it's not a big amount but it lowered my confidence in Kickstarter and Crowd sourcing as a whole. I hope Kickstarter investigates this and refund us even though they probably cleared themselves from any responsibility in their term of use. I always read the product name as 'iPilfer', which actually seems to fit..... Hello, i never receive my iPlifier, is right? At least I didn't give him very much cash. I don't think I'll ever to another KS that isn't for an established, reputable company/person. Amazon Payments doesnt do shit after 45 days. Kickstarter wont do shit. Ariel is a scammer and got away with $8500 dollars which Theft over $5000.00 and according to Georgia State Law, Ariel should face up to 10 years. I highly doubt he is in Israel. Im debating on starting a Kickstarter to pay for a lawyer to sue Ariel State Law: If the theft offense involves property valued at more than $500, the crime is punishable as a felony, or as a misdemeanor, at the judge’s discretion. (§ 17-10-5.) If charged as a felony, theft carries a sentence of imprisonment of not less than one year and not more than ten years. (§ 16-8-12.) The other circumstances under which a theft is punishable as a felony in Georgia include: theft of anhydrous ammonia (one to ten years of imprisonment) theft involving the breach of a fiduciary relationship (one to 15 years of imprisonment, and/or a fine) theft of government or bank property, by an employee (one to 15 years of imprisonment, and/or a fine) theft involving a gravesite or cemetery decoration (one to three years of imprisonment) theft of a motor vehicle or vehicle part worth more than $100 (one to 10 years of imprisonment) theft committed while telemarketing, using a computer or computer network, or engaging in home repair or improvement (one to 10 years of imprisonment), theft of a destructive device, explosive, or firearm (one to 10 years of imprisonment). @ Ken - He IS doing this on on other sites. Look down the comments to W. Laging on Jul 29. He is sly enough not to make another project on KickStarter but is using other avenues. I encourage everyone to go to those sites and if you are a member comment on the site to warn the others. Also you can go to hie Facebook page and message his friends and relatives; and to his Linked-In profile and message his professional and academic friends. It only to a few clicks on Google to put in each persons name and find their email or Facebook so I could message them. Kick starter sucks, been shafted 3 times already and they don't do shit Is it even possible to get a refund from Amazon? It's hard to believe that kickstarter would allow this guy to rob hundreds of people. I hope Kickstarter goes out of business for not helping. is anybody here who received a refund from amazon? i'm only realize in this days that i'm not hearing anything from this project! is it too late to get a refund? kiss your $8 goodbye I've emailed his brothers to look into it for us,i doubt they will reply. Is there some way we could get the police involved now? as he could be doing this elsewhere!! This is a shame because I have backed 4 projects on here and only received 2. 50 % ratio is too risky for me to throw away any more money. I'm still waiting for my safe train bulletproof iPhone case :( Kickstarter failed me 2 too many times. One additional note, the ass clown Ariel is not dead. He regularly checks into various social media outlets on the Internet. Probably ripping other people off as we speak. Definitely a **** I agree with Evan. I too have stepped back as far as Kickstarter is concern. Like Evan I am in the process of being burned on a second project from these guys. This is quite unfortunate as I thought this was a viable medium for encouraging entrepreneurial endeavors. And finally, I believe it is fundamentally flawed to have such an organization without appropriate oversight and enforcement mechanisms. Just my final two cents This user's account has been deleted. I contacted kickstarter to file a complaint about this project. This was their response: Hi Kennedy, Thanks for reaching out, and I'm sorry to hear about the frustration that this project has caused. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use: <url>#fundraising_and_commerce . This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We certainly encourage creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, and communicate with backers, but we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project. We've also reached out to the creator and reminded him of our terms of service, as well as asked him to post an update for his backers. Hopefully everyone hears back from him soon. For more on creator accountability, please take a look at our FAQ, linked below. <url>#Acco Thanks, Megan Wow. Nothing from Ariel. Communication is key. Delays are acceptable as long as there is communication. Such a disappointing turn of events. This guy has no shame whatsoever. Maybe, Ariel is dead? I am extremely disappointed that we have not received any further updates or communication from the project creator. Ariel, if you read this, please just let us know what's going on. We thrive on communication, and that is all we ask for! Ariel is a doosh This user's account has been deleted. In my humble opinion. We have been officially ripped off. Any update on this, if it will be shipped or if in fact Ariel made off with our money? I missed my window to complain to Amazon and or KickStarter. Thanks for the update! I won't get my hopes up but at least it's good to know they are responding. UPDATE: I have received a reply from Kickstarter who are contacting Ariel to ask him to update/reply to his backers, of course they can't force him. The project has also been passed to the moderation team for review. Good to see Kickstarter doing what they can, thank you. Reported to Kickstarter for what good it will do. Shame Ariel can't just put his hand up and apologise for this mess. I too missed the refund boat for Amazon Payments, I wonder what Ariel spent my money on. I understand lol. This user's account has been deleted. Grand Larceny & fraud? In what state would to be charged it? *missed Yeah unfortunately I backed this early and misted my dispute window ages ago. This user's account has been deleted. If he doesn't produce isn't this theft over 1000$? Just an FYI for anyone else that might try to file a dispute. With amazon you only have 105 days. That expired 8/3/2013. Bummer for me! I wonder if we can get ahold of his Rabbi? I am sure he wouldn't be too happy to hear about 800 people being scammed. I have also filed a complaint and refund request with Amazon. Too bad, it was a good idea. But 3 months and no response is too long to wait in good faith. A new Kickstarter project?? This is very disturbing news indeed. Surely there must be someway to stop this guy from ripping more people off? WTF?? This user's account has been deleted. hi, when is shipping?!? i´m waiting and waiting, no updates... Hey Laging, Thanks for pointing that out. That is the same guy. Using our money as a kick start to start up a new project and presumably suck even more money out of people. Is there a way to leave comments on his Twitter or Linked-In to warn people about investing in his projects? I'll make a twitter and linked-in account to comment if there is. btw - Has anyone ever got a response from KickStarter? Do they stand behind their projects At All? Sure would like to see this project come through. Ariel, please respond to everyone. I never received mine either!! I'm pissed off I did not receive my iPlifier, too. I have not received any response from Ariel. That's why I reported this project to kickstarter, too. I also filed a complaint with amazon payments. <url>"Kickstarter is a new way to fund creative projects"; it does not a say Kickstarter is a way to buy creative things. In making an investment here, or anywhere, I consider it is my responsibility to do my due diligence and to invest only the money I am willing to risk in relation to the possible reward. If a project fails, and there are as many reasons why a project could fail or slip schedule as there are flies, unless there is some type of fraud I don't expect a refund. More than likely the funds would have already been spent in development expenses anyway and there would be no funds to refund. Caveat Empore. Anyway, that is my take on it. This is what I recieved from Amazon payments. I'm very sorry for any concerns you have regarding the Kickstarter pledge and not receiving your item. Once a transaction has completed, we don't have the ability to cancel or refund the pledge. However, if you contact Ariel Shtul and explain the situation they may be able to refund your pledge. @Leon, So if you haven't revived any word from Amazon by the July 15th. That means this project has failed? I still hope that Ariel will post some kind of message explaining what the hold up is about. I haven't given up hope just yet.. I've made a complaint with Amazon payments as well! I agree with Pete Perez. I'd hate to pull a premature refund. Any ETA or status? Report the payment as disputed for item not received to amazon payments If anyone reads this please leave info on how to report this guy and get our money back, From his bio it looks like he has not been online for 22 days. " Ariel Shtul - Atlanta, GA · Last login Jun. 09, 2013 · Full profile " I received this answer from Amazon Payments: We have notified the merchant regarding your dispute. The merchant is given 10 business days to provide a solution for this dispute. We will email you with an update on your dispute once we receive a response from the merchant. The dispute will be resolved in your favor if the merchant fails to respond within 10 business days. Where is my iPlifier?? I also reported this to Kickstarter and Amazon Payments (just minutes ago) I've reported this joker to Kickstarter myself! Others should follow and do the same. Lets let this sucker know we're not happy with this sh*t!!!! @Luis Rodriguez. A couple days ago I filed a complaint at Kickstarters'. I have not heard of them yet. Heard anything from KickStarter or the one we had backed? Go to amazon payments find the transaction and file a claim through them they will refund your money like PayPal since we were promised tangible goods and he has stopped responding we can assume he defrauded us. @Stanley LaysaHill: How do you do that? Will you explain to us. Still havent received reporting him to amazon and getting my money back I too haven't received my product.... Well I guess I am not alone in wondering where my product is. If Kickstarter backs rip-off artists, then Kickstarter is also a rip-off artist. I will be communicating appropriately with my network of friends and colleagues. Update NOW or my bank will get my money back I agree, I think we've all been had... What a joke! I have reported him to Kickstarter and I suggest you all do the same thing. Too bad some people are like this... Might as well look at this guy as a scam! I've already excepted that I'm not receiving this product. I wouldn't be surprised if this guy already spent the money! So what's the deal here? A lot of us have backed your project but we've also been waiting for any news for quite a while now! Please tell us what's going on! 8 grant is not bad for a trip. My first kickstarter backed project and as unfortunate as this is I don't think I will participate ever again. Is he already back from his Israel trip? (Check his facebook.) Did he disappear? Any news on delivery? Your last comment 15 days ago said everything was done and shipping would start in a few days Where's the update? this is getting ridiculous! It's time to ship the orders. We've been patient enough, especially with ZERO updates since May. This is not what I or anyone else expect from a funded kick starter project. Send the product or refund the money. What's happening???? We're waiting! Wouldn't you be impatient? So please tell us! Say something! still waiting !!! please bring us an update !!! 2 months today it was backed, still waiting!!! At least bring us an update! I think it's time to start giving people their money back if you can't fulfil your orders. At least give us an update, you owe the 800 people who believed in you at least that much. So any update whatsoever? If possible, send us the tracking codes please. The last update state that shipping will start in the next few days.... It's five days already without any update from the owner... Appreciate if you keep us updated.... Please, send shipping number This user's account has been deleted. Where's the update? This project is late This user's account has been deleted. where's the shipping date? Don't you forget that you were going to send all iPlifiers in May?(as it is written in the description) well guess what? It is JUNE already! I did not receive a survey, what do I do ? What is the new delivery date for backers who were supposed to receive their orders in May? This is late with no update. Any idea of a ship date? I wanted KS Green!!! I also would like orange I have a silly question: will this work with my new (5th gen. iPod touch,as well as my iPhone 5? Chosen yellow, cause there was no orange. If it's possible to change - please let me know. Thanx. So why is it that in the survey orange is not a choice? This user's account has been deleted. Thanks! Any update on color survey? Thanks! Thanks, @ariel! I backed this project but haven't gotten a survey to choose my color any idea why? I backed this project but have not yet received a survey to select a color. How can I get one? I pledged for two: one white and one red. I think it would be cool to combine colors into swirly or marble patterns. Black works for me Congratulations!!!!!!!! Congratulations Ariel. I have to apologize, I tried and tried to change my bid to include shipping but it wouldn't let me. I tried just adding the three dollars to my five dollar pledge, and I even tried adding eight dollars to get two units plus shipping but it would not send me to Amazon in any case. I did back another project, mainly to test and it worked as usual. Let me know how to get you the money and I'll get taken care of ASAP. Ariel Congrats! Bob I don't know who you were hooked up with but I've been doing business with Amazon for several years, I'm even a Prime member and I've never been asked for my SS number. This sounds strange to me. I funded your project but I want to let you know that the funds might be denied since Kickstart insist on using Amazon Payments. Amazon requires that I give then my full name and address and phone number and even more ridiculous, they want my birthday and Social Security Number. Not gonna happen. In todays world with all the stolen identities and with the latest tax refund scam in the US I can't imagine why anyone would give all that personal identity information to any online organization. I gave them my credit card number for paying you - but I will never give out enough information to steal my identity to someone online. Amazon is safe you say? But what about their online databases? Consider how many times credit and ID information has been stolen from large stores, banks, and other concerns. I would be happy to fund you if there was a safer way to pay you. Convince Kickstart to accept credit card payments like most places online do - including Amazon - would be one way. Meanwhile it looks like i will not be able to fund any Kickstart projects, no matter how good they are. Real Sorry. Just changed my pledge to 15$ so I can get the kickstarter edition! I'm so excited about this project! Looks to be very cool @Ariel I'm not trying to cast doubt on your project, I was genuinely curious. I'll take your word for it! Thanks again @Ariel Thanks for the quick response! Nothing better than when the project creator answers questions right in the comments. I'm not sure I articulated my question about the notches clearly. If you look at this closeup picture of the iPhone5 plug <url>שיהיה לך בהצלחה! רק תזכור להוציא אותם גם בכחול לבן. :) Where and when can i choose my colour? Do you think this will work with the Spike2 case (a Kickstarter project)? Best of luck with this, It's great to see a project like this outside of the US. Are you sure this isn't in violation of some copyright? I purchased almost the exact same product for the Iphone 3GS from thinkgeek 2 years ago. It's no longer on the site, but I found a review for it here: <url>