Hello, anybody there? I have 2 of your IR units and cannot use them due to not being able to use the Apps. Please advise what to do so I can use them. Thanks Brian Please update the mobile apps so we can use it again. I tried to compile the source codes from Github but the BlueRadios libaray is either missing or broken. Soooooo....how about an update to reflect the latest iOS? Can’t use it anymore. Has anyone got this working with a modern phone (2017), old phone died and new phone I just cannot get it to connect/work. Thanks, Sam Finally finished my IR-Blue. Nice! I definitely need some more insulation on my sunroom. Check this out! <url>"The software and firmware is open source and available at <url>". I was able to find V0.60 source files, but none newer. In particular I am looking for the source for V0.86 (current open source app). Is it on github, and I missed it? If not, could you please post it up? Thanks Christopher, the sensor is factory calibrated, to have a more uniform picture I added the offset function. Besides that calibration can not easily be done at home you will need special equipment for that. Profiles sounds good, but more for the pro version I'm working on. An emissivity table and setting is already in the Android App. Look in the settings menu first item. The offset is calculated with an emissivity of 1. What phone you're using? On some Android phones it can happen that the BT connecting stays in a loop. Restarting the phone will solve it. It's on my to do list together with the save issue on some phones. <url>"forehead" to measure a child's temperature quickly. Or AC to measure air handler/duct/etc temperatures. Add in the hot/cold calibration points if a single global set isn't accurate enough in all cases. um. I scrolled down and found the manual link. Sorry for not looking first. Wife was in the hospital twice in the last month, been busy, just getting to dig into using this beyond trying a point and shoot. Running 0.86. I calibrated on a flat surface, and it read +-1 degree, so far so good. I tried changing the save folder to camera dcim folder, and now the alpha reads 0.0. Slider seems to have no effect. Pixels are all black. exited, restarted. no dice. I changed folder back, no dice. exited, restarted, no dice. I unset calibration. no dice. tried changing alpha, no dice. exited, restarted. Alpha is now 1.0, even if slider is moved. slider does impact alpha, but the display still reads 1.0. So the software is a big buggy. Any chance you'd open-source it, or accept a limited number of contributing developers? Andy, I pointed mine at various thermally 'flat' surfaces, yet the display is showing variation ~10 degrees. Is there a way to calibrate the sensor to read uniformly on a constant surface? Andy, What a brilliant project! Put it together in less than half an hour popped in the batteries and it works beautifully. Congratulations on an excellent Kickstarter Andy, Been really happy with how this project turned out. If you do another one Kickstarter (higher res IR-Blue ?) I will back you. Maybe you should take over the indiegogo Mu-thermal project. At least you have a clue. The ones running that project are way over their heads. haha I received mine Yesterday , assembed in half an hour and got it to work in a second. i'm very happy, very good job Andy, now i'm waiting to add another sensor!!! got mine here in the netherlands. build it, started the iphone app. and it just works: this is so cool! very very nice job! sgllama: Unfortunately I have no device to test the NoCam App. I will try to make a new one. received mine in austria 2 days ago. works like a charm with a galaxy nexus! i am impressed to see the world through the eyes of predator ;-) so what about software support for the second sensor? i would instantly order at digikey if it would work.... Finally (vacation delay in customs) got my assembled IR-Blue in Germany. It did work right away with a Galaxy S3 and Galaxy Tab (P7500) after disabling secure BT communication. From all Kickstarter Projects I've backed, this one stands out: no overpromises, stuck to schedule, good value, adequate communication, no unpleasant surprises. Hardware and App work as promised. Will back again! @Mardaso Thanks for making that version - unfortunately it too stops :-( The main screen opens and I can press controls (not a lot happens at that point). If I access the menu and select "BT Connect" it lists the IR-Blue but selecting it will cause the app to stop every time. Actually, not selecting a BT device also causes it to stop! Thanks for the quick reply Andy, I'll email and take it off the comments board. I have the exact same problem. New batteries, tried it on 2 different iPhones, but never gets past 'Connecting' Faulty units? Any Thoughts Andy? Received mine this morning (fully assembled). Installed the app on my iPhone 5. Doesn't seem to do anything. Just sits on "Connecting". It'd help if there were some indictor LEDs on the IR Blue itself. A black box with an on/off switch isn't amazingly helpful when it comes to debugging. sgllama: I made a version that doesn't need a camera. I did put it on the github: <url>"between phones" at the moment so can't try it out: the app doesn't like running on an Archos G9 tablet :-( Also got mine, build it and works like a charm! Great tool! Got mine in Switzerland two weeks ago. Works like a charm. Thanks a lot I am from Germany, too and didn't my shipment, yet. The tracking code says it has left the "CHICAGO, IL 60666 facility" on July 7and i didn't receive any letter or something from the local customs.. :/ I got mine IR-Blue today, works great with my huge Galaxy Note and android jelly bean. I think it will help me a lot on my job. You've done a great tool. Greetings from Italy Max Andy, I thought so and told the customs. They were of other opinion or simply didn't know. BUT I find a certain sadism in customs treatment in general as they demonstrate their power ;-) Thanks again, I will head to assembly now! Jörg: I don't know if it's necessary to do so for DIY kits. Maybe Andy can help out on that. @Mardaso: ah, didn't know about that. Including the documents in the package would be much better however. Jörg: Andy also put the CE documents on his website: <url>€ custom & tax for Germany, 15min. building time. Works fine, but the IPhone 5 app is a little bit unstable right now. Really like my new toy! Nice work! Gavin some info on the serial data: speed 115200 When you have a BT serial connection with your PC you only have to send R001 to the sensor and then you will get the data stream back. If you want to decode it. The firmware is available on Github and also a basic version of the App source code. It's written in Basic4Android, firmware is written in Swordfish Basic. Easy to follow if you know other programming languages. First thing you will get after sending the R001 are the EEPROM values of the sensor. Starts with an E and ends with EX. EEPROM data is only send once at the beginning. Then you will get the register data: first PTAT and then Pix value (starts with R) after that you will get all sensor data Starts with an I and ends with a X. But for testing just send R001 and see what data you get from the sensor. You will need the data sheet from Melexis the calculate the temperatures. Just got mine in the post this afternoon and love it! This is probably my favourite kickstarter, great project quickly with no fuss. Question for Andy: I know it wasn't aimed for this, but is it possible to talk to the IR blue via PC? I have an educational robot that I'd love to mount this to and have it know which direction to face people, etc. I've paired the BLE to the PC and a serial port shows up, but I don't know what the protocol is. Is there somewhere that describes it? I checked the github but couldn't find anything. Updated Android App quick start manual: <url>"playing" with it. I think it is awesome and is probably better than I hoped for (using it on Android). Mardaso, great info ... thanks! Mardaso - your post is super helpful! Thanks a million - that reduces a lot of mysteries, and really helps with using this charming little device. Thanks Mardaso! just received mine in canada. this is amazing !!!! i also pledged on the mu optic camera and i think i'll ask for a refund. thank you !! Johannes, this week I will finish the quick start manual as mentioned before. Some quick info about the functions: Green E means the app is calculating with the EEPROM values of the sensor, if it´s a red D it´s calculating with the default values. The App will read EEPROM values shortly after it´s connected with the sensor. The red value at the left bottom of the screen is the die temperature of the sensor and is needed for the calculation of the measured temperature. But I could make a setting to leave it of the screen. The yellow number top right is the emission value, you can change this value in the settings menu. Auto modes: Blue = no filtering or calculations, Yellow = average of ten measurements is used for min/max of scale and Green = average of last two measurements is used for min/max of scale . Offset calculation is not optimal yet and will be corrected in the next version. Using a user input for the offset calibration is also on my to do list but in a later version. Hope this will help you a little bit before the quick start manual is ready. Thanks for the fun device! Some questions: 1. Is there a forum where we can solve some of the mysteries of this device? Or just here in the comments section? 2. Is there a way to get the temperatures meaningfully calibrated? Yes, I did "calculate offset' with the IR Blue on a 'uniform heated surface', but I still have a surface in boiling water giving 65 C, and melting icecubes at -15 C. I would just like to force these to 100C and 0C, so that maybe some of the indicated temperatures would be believable or relevant and therefore useful. 3. The software describes, wonderfully mysteriously, "3 auto scale functions", and these turn out to be blueAuto, yellowAuto, and greenAuto. Is there a way to find out what these are, what the math is, what situations we can use them in? Otherwise blue, yellow, green mean just a little bit less than ... absolutely nothing. 4. The screen retains the green "E" in the upper left corner, a yellow "1.0" in the upper right, and a red mystery number on the lower left .. can I get rid of these, or do they remotely mean anything? .. I do love this .. thing, toy, whatever, and yet as an engineer, I would really love to make some meaningful, repeatable, believable measurements. I don't expect great accuracy, nor precision, but relevance would elevate it above a plaything. Otherwise, all I have is that "yellowAuto function says my skin at night here is 42 C", which is a charming fable, but I can't imagine what I could do with the number. Is there a place people are solving these mysteries, or is it just a colourful toy? Thanks! I'm not sure when I got mine, but it was in the mail when I returned from summer holiday yesterday. I assembled it without problems, the instructions was very good. The app could use some more instructions though because I just got a java.io.IOException: Connection refused when I tried to connect, but when I disabled BT Secure in the settings it worked without problems. It's absolutely amazing! It looks great, works flawlessly and gives quite accurate readings. I have nothing to complain about, it's just perfect! Coolest kickstarter project ever! :-D I recived mind today in JP:-)) Arigatou gozaimasu! Got mine in the mail this week. Awesome job on the packaging. Synced fine to my Android phone. Just had some issues with it not syncing. Was easily fixed with Connect / Disconnect. Just need more things to point it at and do testing. I get a java error message, Invalid Double, every time I try to Calculate Offset. Other than that, not sure what else to expect. Now I wish it was winter so i could test it on my house. I received my kit today (UK). Packaging was professional, looking forward to assembling. IR Blue arrived yesterday. Only real down side was the £27 Customs charged to receive it :-( After careful assembly it initially didn't work. On closer inspection I realised the PCB was double sided, so care needs to be taken that no bridging takes place on the reverse side. I think there was an issue with bridging on the sensor (on the hidden side). After de-soldering the sensor and giving some clearance between the sensor and board, it worked fine. Delighted with it now. Thanks Andy Got my kit yesterday (Australia). Nicely packaged. Built it last night, and it works great! Andy, First off, got the device today. Have to say that so far this is the best Kick starter I've supported to date. Product worked right away, and will hopefully yield some beneficial results for my drafty house. I do plan on adding the second sensor when the firmware comes out. The question is, will the second sensor make a larger sensing area, or will it increase the resolution of the area that is shown now? Also do you have the part number for the extra sensor. This user's account has been deleted. Got my kit not too long ago, playing around with different devices now. Tested on Asus transformer T101 - works with alternate "secure BT" setting. Works great on Samsung Exhibit. Doesn't work on iPhone (not sure if 4 or 5) -- BT scan can't find the device.. what gives?? Got mine kit today (Czech Republic). Fantastic package. Complete the kit was very easy and take only 10 maybe 20 minutes. Works on first attempt :) Resolution is good if you know what are you looking for. Not very good for "blind" searching. Customs charge approx 28GBP approx 42USD !! Next time will be fine to declare package with lower price and item description "electronic parts - kit". Maybe next time... At the finish: item works fine, looks professional, price is still good. Got mine yesterday and seem to work OK. Disappointed that I got stuck with a £28 customs charge :( Resolution is very poor though - I didn't realise it was interpolated. I wish I'd known about the Mu Optics device as for about the same price, it has 300 times greater resolution! Is there any way to upgrade the sensor or would that mean changing the whole board and firmware etc? Got my fully assembled today and it is quite epic! Going to use it to do a thermal audit our house tomorrow (already found few spots). Received and ready to play with it, thanks a lot. It was packed like a pro (better). Easy to mount, etc. 1 Question: why a 2nd footprint for IR sensor? Okay, I'll give it a try again tomorrow. hfb, Android phones have their camera on different positions so you will have to "find" a position. Normally this would be as much in-line with the camera as possible. In the settings you can find an option to scale the camera view from 75 to 95% of the screen size. The alignment can't go further than the camera view edges. Received my "fully assembled" unit today. My iPhone 5 discovers my Bluetooth speaker but, not the IR Blue. The IR Blue application says "Connecting" in the center of the screen but never does connect. How do I return this faulty unit for a replacement? Received my 'fully-assembled'. A quick test is thumbs up. Thanks! How exactly is the alignment supposed to work? I've found when I try to align it after I've connected to the device, it won't let me move left at all. Where should the sensor be in relation to the camera? I'm using a Galaxy S4 so it's easier to use with it offset to the right of the camera but I got the feeling while using is that is should be under the camera. This is when the phone is held sideways in landscape mode. One more question. Should we ask questions about issues here or is there a better place to ask? Thanks! It's been a good device so far and I enjoy using it. Received mine today (Belgium)! Already soldered and working :-). Cool stuf!! I received my kit, and excitedly assembled it ! Just amazing, I'm like a kid with a new toy ! Perfect packaging, no worry with custom for France. Very good assembly instructions. Paired Bluetooth device on the Android phone, connect, and wow ! Offset calibration is great and well done, good software ! Already found some unsused transformer power supply on power plugs that heat a bit. Energy saved ! Now I bother my cat with the cam ;o) Many Many thanks for this successful project ! Good to hear - looking forward to get my thermal image thing.. :D Hi, I am from Germany and since I repeatedly read about problem with the shipping of Kickstarter projects and the local customs authorities (Pebble& Ouya), I wonder if this could be a problem for me and other German IR-Blue backers. Keith, just uploaded version 0.84 to the Play Store. Should be available in a couple of hours. I added a sensor offset function in the menu. When you select this function an average over five measurements will be calculated for each pixel. All these pixel values will be added and divided by the amount of pixels. Then an offset will be calculated from this value for each pixel. This value will be stored until you clear it. Thanks for the suggestion! Also in V0.84 a fix for the spot temperature Fahrenheit bug. Mardaso, I'm getting the green E. I've definitely got some pixels that are biased. I can point it at a section of carpet, then turn the camera over and the same pixels still show as being hot, even though they are covering different areas. Another way is to just set it down so the sensor is down. With it setting on a paper napkin on my desk, I get a range of 20-24C in the tiny bit of paper napkin directly below the sensor. Rotating the phone in relation to the napkin still results in the same pattern. So the EEPROM values apparently aren't all that precise. An unrelated idea I had would be to use the accelerometer and gyro sensors on the phone to determine which way it is pointing and be able to "paint" a larger area by slowly panning the phone to cover an area, similar to the photo sphere capability newer android phones have. Keith, thanks for the feedback! I will change the spot temperature Celsius reading in the next version. It's hard to find a uniform target but it's an interesting option. Normally the temperatures will be corrected with the EEPROM value of each pixel. Do you have a green E in the left upper corner of the Android App? If so the App is calculating with the values of the EEPROM if you see a red D the app is calculation the values with the default values of the datasheet. My kit arrived Monday, I assembled it Wednesday. It's working great with my Nexus 4. I notice that the zones on the left edge often show higher temps than the rest of the sensor when pointed at a uniform target, such as the sky. I suspect it's fairly normal for some zones to read slightly differently than others. It would be nice if one could calibrate it by pointing at something with a uniform temperature and having it remember which pixels read higher and adjust for it. I also noticed that the temperature shown when you select a spot on the screen is always in Celsius, even if you have switched to Fahrenheit. But other than those minor issues, I'm loving it. I'm working on a 3D-printable bracket for attaching it to my phone. Also considering just printing a replacement for the back plate that would have clips for the phone. Got my replacement capacitor and everything is working pretty well with my S4! Looking forward to software that supports the second sensor. One design flaw I've discovered is that if you were to buy a spare phone case and securely attach the IR-Blue, then you no longer have access to the screws to replace the batteries! Perhaps future revisions could flip the board around such that you could attach the battery case etc. to the phone case and have the sensor(s) look through the cover. Been running mine for a couple of days. Great project. Was running last night and one "pixel/sensor" was always staying blue even after power cycling the Ir-blue and IPad. Finally did a hard tap with finger on side of IR-Blue case and pixel came back. Strange. How stable are these sensors anyway ? Looking forward to adding second sensor. Andy - I got mine assembled and all is working well. Thanks for an awesome kit! Andy Suggested changing the Secure Connection Setting -- That fixed it on my Droid! I have a stock Motorola Droid Razr Maxx. After building the kit :) I tried to use it... Settings on the phone sees the unit, but when I use the BT Connect menu in the application I get java.io.IOException: Service discovery failed. Any ideas? Rebooting phone and unit have not helped. Not sure if it is my assembly, or software issue. I got mine yesterday, I hope to get a little bit of time to throw it together tonight. @Andy, could you provide an update on the "Fully Assembled" ? Andy: got it - it didn't ask me at install but it was set to off in the Privacy / Photos list.... thanks! Got it today - assembled in 25 minutes - works perfectly! Just one exception - where does the iOS app save the picture? Sometimes I get a camera shutter sound, sometimes not. Nothing in the camera roll....will try Android version next. Andy, do you know about how many hours of life the batteries should provide? Many thanks! Coolest iPhone gadget ever :) Count me among the happy backers. Got mine soldered together and working today after less than an hour. Connecting with my AOKP'd Galaxy Nexus is a bit finicky, but it's working now. Some photos. <url>"Error Connecting. java.io.IOEXxception:read failed, socket might closed or timeout, read ret: -1" ? I tried unpairing and repairing the IR BLUE to my Nexus 4 (which paired correctly), I tried checking/unchecking the BT Secure option and I still can't connect? Any clue? Thanks in advance! Would it be possible to also add the "flir like" color scheme and the color scale chart from the android app to the next release if the iOS app? Andy. Do you have anything that explains the functionality of the iOS app? Most are self explanatory but curious more about the Mid and Range and how to best set those when doing measurements. Thanks so much and great job! It works great.. I rec'd my kit today and soldered everything up. Put the batteries in and turned on however the app kept displaying connecting. I was bummed! Took it back apart and troubleshot it and found that 2 of my AAA batteries were dead. Moral of the story is make sure the batteries you grab were not put back in the drawer dead from your kids.. Bill, thanks for the feedback! In the next Android version I will put in a more meaningful message than this one Hey Andy and Mardaso, the secure connection was the problem, turned it off and it's now working, thanks! Bill, I can confirm that you will need to change the BT secure setting. Some Android phones want a secure connection and others want a insecure connection. If you go to the menu / settings / BT secure and inverse the present BT secure setting and try again it should work. Mine is not working; the VR is putting out ~0.25v; maybe I heated it up too much soldering...? Also, the app isn't seem too happy under iOS 7 beta...screen is rotated 90deg... Assembled my kit, and I am able to pair with my Android phone, but I get a java.io.TOException:Connection refused message when I try to connect. This is on a Samsung Galaxy Victory (yes, I know) running Android 4.1.1 Any suggestions? Received my kit today and it went together with no problems. Worked right away. One thing I noticed is that I have to use the align function quite a bit... If you go from near to far there is a pretty significant offset. Is this normal? Would it help to angle the sensor differently? I had the same experience as Mike and Evaristo - Thanks a lot to RH Workshop. Kit arrived yesterday in Houston :) Put together successfully and up & running within 30 minutes, showing it off to everyone!! Received mine today, soldered it up, and worked great first try. I'm definitely interested in the second sensor when the code is ready. Andy, Just wanted to add that I received the kit, and so far, I'm impressed with the packaging and instructions you have put up. I can't wait to put it together! A question to those who were able to complete this kit - there is a blurb about soldering the sensor saying that this is the most expensive part and to be careful. Which temperature do you recommend I set my soldering iron to? Thanks in advance! Looking forward to putting it together and hopefully an option for a second sensor! Thanks.. Email sent! Just assembled my kit and stuck it to my iPhone 4S running iOS 6.1.3. The app seems to be able to talk to it but I get a red bar across the center of my screen. If I poke the Temp button, 9538353 shows up in this red area, which I guess means something is unhappy. If power and bluetooth seem to work fine but the temperature is off the chart, is there any debugging to do or is the sensor probably toast? I've looked closely at my solder job and it seems fine to me - it all went together pretty quickly and without incident.. Wizzard, do you have the S3 with the original rom or a custom rom? At least 23 people using the app with a S3, according Google Play, so maybe something else is wrong? Xperia Play could give a problem with the screen resolution. If you have still problems: contact me by the email address on the Google Play App page. Got mine assembled last night, tested working on an Iphone :D But my Xperia Play and Galaxy S3 are having problems - Both give 'Java.IO Exception" after pairing the IR-Blue ("paired but not connected" if it matters), and then the device is no longer listed after this error occurs. This is with the v.83 software. I don't know if it matters, but my APK installer also will not install the older versions - They all come up as "Parse error" on installation, on both phones. Just a warning to everyone that the App requires IOS-6 to work. Just tried to install on my Iphone-4s running 5. Guess I need to upgrade to IO-6. ok so that was very strange.. i had it out of the case, so no screws to short it... android phone (GS4) would not find it when scanning for BT device, just like you said the ipad wouldn't. checked all the connectors and everything again. put the app on my ipad and just opened it... and bam, it found it and worked. Then went to my Android phone and scanned again for BT device and there it was. Very strange, but happy its working Rob, try just running the IR-Blue software. My IPad does not seem to find it as a bluetooth device but the IR-Blue software finds it and runs fine. My Ipad searches forever. Also you may want to remove the PCB screws to the pastic case in case it is shorting like mine appeared to be doing. Less than 1 hour to assemble. Powered ON. Worked the first time. First impressions... WOW !!!. One little caution on building the kit. On mine, one of the PCB screws appeared to short two of the pads together when tightened down the screw as the pads are really close to the screw hole. I put a fiber washer under the screw just to make sure. I am sure electrical tape would have worked but I had a fiber washer handy. I have it running on a IPad. Looks Great. I am going to have fun tonight. :) Got through the instructions, all soldered and hooked up.. batteries in, flip the switch and my phone wont find it when i scan for BT devices. (Samsung GS4) Testing pretty much all of the connections with a multimeter and it seems everything is getting power.. Troubleshooting recommendations? I got a few parts installed that were no brainers. I did find the PCB board picture at <url>"suppose" to be working on "work" projects anyway. ;) Thanks for keeping me honest. Ha ha. So the USPS is a bit more efficient than normal. That's a first. Got here a day or so ahead of schedule. Got real excited as the USPS delivered my IR-Blue kit and I am itching to get this put together. Everything seems to be in the box except instructions on how to assembly. The sticker in the box states for assembly instructions please visit: <url>´s an App called Market Enabler maybe this will help you. Sometimes you don´t see the app because Google believes your phone-tablet won´t support it. Also I did not publish the App in every country. This because of export restrictions. The Apk from github is the same app. Hi Andy, I see that you're up to version 0.83 of the Android app. I can get it from Github with no problem, but I've never been able to get it from Google Play Store. The Play Store app doesn't find anything for Mardaso or FIRSensor. The web interface finds the app, but says that it isn't compatible with my device. I can't believe you have to list every possible phone and tablet, so is there some setting somewhere to just give the app to anyone? Ed P.S. I'm running Jelly Bean. The FIR app installs and runs with no problems. Andy, Could you post a part # for the sensor? Obviously waiting for code is key. Would you consider also posting the modification diagram? Thank you again! Looks like I was writing the same time Andy was. I look forward to the kit in the next few week or two! Will we get a shipping confirmation or tracking number of some sort when it ships out? I think the idea was people could pay for a second sensor and just have it shipped out with their kit so they could solder it on themselves. I think it would be nice because I'm interested myself but it would be a logistical nightmare at the moment considering they're about to ship 400+ kits out in the next week. Getting the ordering system in, making sure payments are processed properly, getting the sensor in the right package for the right person, and all that extra work is non-trivial, even for just the kits, as my guess is many would be interested in that option. If it were just a handful, I don't think it would be as big of a deal to do. They would need to have a lot of spares on hand to be able to do it and if they didn't buy too many extras in addition to what they needed to fulfill the rewards, there's going to be the shipping delay from Melexis to deal with, which can be long on a large order. Not only that, they would need the money to buy the extras, which requires everyone pay for the sensors. If people are fine with that additional delay, then I suppose they could but at that point, wouldn't it be better to just go buy the sensor yourself at a slightly higher cost since you wouldn't be buying in bulk? Either that or get together with some other backers and buy in bulk and distribute it later. Looking at the pictures on the latest (6/6/2013) update, isn't there already a spot on the board for a 2nd sensor? Either way, with shipping starting *tomorrow* (woohoo!!) I seriously doubt we're going to see ANY changes in the hardware. For the software, I thought Andy was open-sourcing that.. No? @Andy, understood and you have doing a great job, but may i suggest the option for a second sensor to the backers?! and leave out the necessity of FCC/CE testing at least for now?!?! at our own risk, you have a the product fully tested with one sensor now if you give the option for each backer doing it at his own risk, soldering and making a dual sensor that would be the best option for you and for all the backers willing to do so, in the end you would receive many feedback and later on improving on the design... i at least would like to have the change to do it... could you send us with the imaging thermal accessory the second sensor (no extra shipping)?? and let me know how much would cost? is the software side dual prepared? thanks helder Is there word on getting and installing a second sensor? I have remedial soldering skills would have difficulty not screwing up my IR-Blue. Thanks for the update, Andy, that's great news! :) Still confident that you'll be shipping kits next week, Andy?? No pressure - I'm just curious.. :) Great to hear it's just two weeks away! I look forward to my kit and messing around with it. Is there a software update in the works for the second sensor if we choose to install one? Any updates on how things are going with the kits? I'm itching to get mine so I can figure out why our basement gets so hot in the summer. It's getting close to time for it to warm up so the sooner the better for me but I know it's a painstaking process to deliver stuff. Thanks! Thanks for your swift reply - sounds very professional! Problem with Kickstarter is really the lacking professionalism of some. Looking forward to the IR-Blue! I second ALis’ concerns regarding importing: the CE sign is not sufficient for importing, could you please make sure the necessary CE *documents* are included? I'm no expert in this, but I'm suffering from not getting my two Pebbles ... German customs either destroyed them or returned them, because the paper work was missing. I see the iOS apps are available in the iTunes Store :) <url>" built yourself kit" and i was wondering if i could get the double sensor shipped?? thanks helder May we have an update on your progress? Hi Andy, can you update us on the MLX90620 availability? I see Digikey & FutureElectronics have a few (<100) in stock...Thanks! The other project doesn't disclose the sensor but I'm guesing it is from ULIS in France. Not sure you can get any production units yet. I like the open source approach here because I think the community built around the device will make it better in the long run. @dragonbait, indeed it seems we can see a bright future for these alike devices... what i would like to see on ours is a bit extra resolution juice out of it hehehe but in general terms the comparison is below.. i hope i got it right, if not please add and update... ours - $165 assembled indiegogo - $125 assembled ours - open source hardware and software indiegogo - closed source ours - -20 to 300 ˚C indiegogo - -66 to 140 C ours - 16x4 pixels resolution indiegogo - 169x120 pixels resolution Could the phone's motion be used in the software to sweep the sensor across something and then like a panoramic picture, collect the band of pixels into a larger thermal image? Mu is wired, half the Max temperature, more expensive, higher resolution, missing details on phone compatability, behind in development, loftier goals, and not significantly backed as of yet. Just wondering if anyone has any thoughts on the Mu Thermal Imager over on indiegogo and how it compares? Interesting idea Christian, but without the video then how will you tell what you are looking at? How would you know where the missing person is without a frame of reference? Hi! I was wondering if it's possible to use this device seperate from the phone. In the video, you hold it on the back side, does this mean that it HAS to be placed here? I'm playing with an idea of adding this box to a quadracopter and trying to take some air photos. In theory, I only need the colored temperatures not the video. How fare have you tested the BT in the box with an iPhone in free-of-sight distance? The "project", if possible, is to use it in my local Red Cross for searching for missing people in the night from the air. Thanks! Andy, if you can please have some options for displayed temperature. I saw 'center area' temp in the main video. I was thinking of an option for hottest and coldest pixel in the display. I just watched the video over at Melexis, and the full array integer temps (1 per pixel in the 4x16 array) might be useful at times. Another might be to filter the temp value as the result of several neighboring pixels, so you can get more of an area average for the hot or cold area. If there is processing power available, segment the 'temp' blob and report the mean for example. Does the temperature value also get captured when a picture is taken? Hi Andy, i wish you good luck with the production. Thanks for this great idea and project. congrulations, when we can expect a release or code for android ? Yey! backed within the very last hours....hopefully i don`t find that many thermal bridge energy losses when investigating my self-isolated house so that i instantly start crying ;-), i hope i find them when looking at my brothers house hehe ;-), Contratulations for raising nearly ten times the funding goal! Cant wait. Congratulations!! 90 mins left, I think yall might break 200k :) So it looks like the main reason for a ship date of May/June is because of sensor lead time correct? Hopefully you'll be able to source them in that timeframe and if we're lucky, we may even get them earlier! Unfortunately, I held out on backing until the very end so I'll be on the latter end of the DIY section, but at least it'll still be the upper half of all the backers! Hi Andy, CONGRATULATIONS on making your extended goal!! I am super excited to get started putting together my kit, as I'm sure everyone else here is :) Have you checked OctoPart for availability of the IR sensor? <url>#search/requestData&q=MLX90620ESF-BAB-000-TU Looks like FutureElectronics has some, but will have a lot of backorders (plus, they are more expensive than digikey). Hope you can find a quicker lead time than 20 weeks :) Hmmm. Andy, I think what Nigel was saying is, for backers that order the kit or completed package, you could offer the option of getting a 2nd MLX90620 just by itself, call it a spare. If the MLX90620 runs $5000 per hundred but $70 for one, by allowing supporters to add a spare for $50 you'll be offering a perk to your supporters who are makers and want to do their own tinkering. (And if you get a better price break for 1000 sensors, there's some pure profit for you.) Apologies if you understood his comment. Your response about options being slim and expensive didn't make sense to me in the context of Nigel's suggestion. Is the sensor going to be direct mounted? What about using a socket? Could open the door for future upgrades. Well done, you've smashed all your targets! Can't wait for the device. Bang on a new pledge for a (plain and in a bag) IR sensor quick, for whatever the 100 off price break is, and I and lots of others, will likely bump our pledge up to get both the finished device and one of the sensors to play with. You'll still make profit, as you are going to order 1000+ off, while we save £ too! Is there a datasheet for the used sensor? Especially what is the temperate resolution of the sensors term like 0.2 C steps and accurucay like +/- 5 C? Will this work with an HTC Sensation? I may have missed it, but I don't see any mention of how the IR unit attaches to the phone. My preference would be a PU pad, maybe something integral to the case. I'm also curious how precise the alignment needs to be, or if there's a registration step that needs to be done when the IR unit and phone are put together. Thanks to T Rawson for teaching me about Kickstarter. Congratulations Andy. Thank your mom for your brains. How about an "upgrade" option for extra MLX90620s at the bulk price? Since you'll be doing a bulk order, you'll get them for a few $$ cheaper. Some of us might be interested in having 2 to play around with ;) Carrying pouch? Happy to be backer for this project. But i hope for a full screen thermal image with some recording addons in a near futur. GL to Andy Rawson So will there be a dual kit soon? Or just PCB that's compatible with either-or As for cheap stretch goal #2 how about a different color option for the case? Or a water resistant pelucan style one? Can we order pre-coded BLE112 packages from you? I can solder like a boss but I have no experience or tools to upload code to a chip as noted in the new update. It'd certainly save me money not buying the TI CC debugger and learning to use it. Could you also list the components so us PCB backers can get the parts in ready? I also think the cheapest way to enhance the resolution would be via software (there are iOS Apps for panorama photos where you move around your iPhone and take some photos with overlap and the software automatically creates a panorama photo out of them) - the question is, how easy or complicated the matching algorithm is. Another a bit weird idea would be to enhance the resolution via vibration, see <url>~ania/research/vib_retina.html So if the camera is mounted on a plate with a joint at one side and e.g. a piezo element or a coil on the other side (to tilt it), it should be possible to calculate a picture with a higher resolution out of the two pictures from the two angular positions. first of all congrats on the stretch goal, one done! you mentioned about new need ideas, well i am no electronics engineer but it seems to me the increase of resolution is the first from the start people prefer and i could see a way maybe of not increasing so much the price.... we have a couple of ways in doing this by software (someone mentioned before i believe a bit like scanning a smaller area and get stitched in the software by several thermal photos...) these would make an awesome high resolution thermal picture the other way is by hardware, since it should be around the same price target, well instead of using one sensor use 2 sensors with the same lenses which can focus a specific area and do not overlap the other sensor reading area... again using the same hardware is far cheaper, the only drawback is probably would have to design a new PCB to accommodate the 2 sensors, or maybe could be used a plug and play card that clicks to the main PCB with an option of 1 or 2 card sensors ehehe, but maybe this is asking too much .;-( i would mine to increase my pledge a bit if i could get this!! Stretch goal ideas. Mounting options like screw holes or phone case or magnet mounting. How about extended battery pack. Putting a thereminster on the unit so we know relative temp at the device. Humidity sensor? Windows/Mac/Linux software with remote monitoring. Congratulations Congratulations Andy! And 1000 backers. Look like we're hitting that 150k today or tomorrow :-)!! So, when you're talking about feature upgrades, it is only neccesary to upgrade the App that displays the info? Ref.: "Philippe, it is a very interesting feature and I'd like to add it but I can't say how long it will take to implement at this point." One time in the future this will be built in as standard equipment for all smartphones, you are ahead of the time. I want it now! Thanks for creating this cool project. P.S. if it is because of the iphone connector, the lowest common denominator would be the headphone/microphone jack -- which would work perfectly well for this project since data rate is so low (16px*4px*4Hz). Why no variant with USB connection instead of BT? BT chip makes the accessory much more expensive, while adding little real value (since it pretty much must be attached to the phone to work properly). Is it because of the proprietary iphone connector? You say that some features are on a future list of features, will you make it easy for us to upgrade the software on the PCB? Meaning, connecting an USB cable and hitting an upgrade button on the connected computer? Also: THANKS for a great product! I definitely would up my pledge for increased resolution without a doubt. Andy, I just pledged, but have a couple questions/comments. While I understand most users are likely interested in imaging rooms and houses, I'm interested in going in the other direction (i.e., smaller). What is the closest focus possible (If less than one meter, how much less)? I'm a forensic entomologist and I'm interested in using the thermal imager for characterizing maggot masses on bodies (the temperature varies from center to edge and influences time of death calculations). Also how do you anticipate data storage will work -- single images or multiple/video? Like others who have commented, any stretch goals to increase resolution/accuracy would be fantastic. This is an incredibly exciting project (and way cheaper than other imaging solutions I've seen). Thanks and good luck! Does the software have an option for switching between Celsius, Kelvin and Fahrenheit? Cool idea. I don't even have anything this will work with (yet) as I have a Blackberry, but I've backed you. Hope you get to $150k so I don't have to choose which way to jump... Well it is looking goof for meeting your stretch goal. Any thoughts to adding another? Are there any specs on what spectral range the sensor array uses? I know its in the IR, but am wondering what range it is sensitive to. I looked at some of the Melexis spec sheets but could not see any mention of the spectral range or sensitivity. I hope you'll get this covered in the software (Patrick O'Brien's idea), like the iOS 6 panorama function: - add software features to utilize the phone's accelerometers to be able to take a pseudo-panorama, thereby virtually increasing the resolution. Then you could stand in the middle of a room and "paint" the room with the sensor, and get a full-size image with full IR sensor coverage for the whole room. If you had a reward level that contained two "Build it yourself" kits, I'd very likely upgrade my pledge to that.. Andy, I actually expect you to reach your stretch goal so I would say both! However, if I had to choose, it would likely be iOS as more people around me use that but I personally have an Android. Either way, it sounds like you currently use the BLE112 processor. I may actually end up going with an Android board though as I can do something with Android for free as opposed to going through an Apple based route. For those that choose the $12 PCB route, does that mean loading all the firmware onto a less DIY type processor (i.e., not Arduino or PIC) will also be required of the user? Thanks! I'm considering just making my own as I have half the stuff already and had considered purchasing the sensor anyway for a different project. Any idea what Bluetooth modules you have in mind for the project? Where exactly on the PCB does it go and where does the Arduino go on the PCB? I didn't see a good spot for either. Thanks! This will save me the work of doing it all myself, which I had been mulling for a while! while dual bluetooth radios would be great, has there been a consideration of making them swapable? that is, have the bluetooth chip on a breakout board and swap between BT2 and BT4 chips, similar to swapping out a Sim card/microsd card in phones? This is a VERY cool project, and I look forward to its development. ...especially on increasing resolution :P BTW, what is the refresh rate? in the video, I noticed what I think is a slight lag in video? How easy are the plain boards going to be to solder? I see it's mainly through hole which is easy enough but what about the BT4 chip? Thanks for bringing this out, I am 1 of thousands of people who think they need one of these for many different uses. Thank you for replying to all these comments. I really appreciate that and also that you consider a dual chip version (or possible pledge update for getting a dual version model). I'd be really interested in getting a dual chip version. Andy, what do you reckon would one of these lenses work: <url>µm passive infrared (PIR) region. Two focal lengths are available: 25mm and 50mm. Both are f/0.8. The development of a 100mm lens is nearing completion. These lenses are best suited to uncooled infrared cameras with large pixels, for example, 50 µm square. Plastic lens barrels will be available in the near future for appropriate infrared cameras. In the meantime, we will supply prototype quantities of imaging lenses in aluminum barrels, if you will supply specifications or a drawing of the attachment to your camera. The price of prototype quantities (up to five) of these lenses is $350.00 each. The price of production quantities of these lenses in plastic barrels will be far lower. Thanks Andy. The pledges are coming through thick and fast, you should get a couple of thousand backers! This is my new favorite campaign, interested to see how this evolves. Would it be feasible/possible to use this for detection on a UAV, with a lens perhaps, or is the resolution much too limited? I guess you looked at Panasonic Grid Eye as well, it's 8x8 and maybe cheaper and easier to get hold of? <url>~ania/research/vib_retina.html I believe we could double/quadruple-read every pixel in sync with the vibrations to achieve the desired effect. Sensing the vibration would be as easy as adding a small G sensor, which would work well with other's previous stretch-goal suggestions. Vibration would come from the host device. Also, it looks like the camera is capable of faster, less accurate readings- Could we have this be software adjustable? This way, we can quick-scan for hot spots with the frame-rate on fast and sloppy, then dial-it in to get accurate readings. It would seem with the present frame-rate, there is enough delay to make hunting for small hot spots difficult. Another idea- Software to determine small movements in the camera input, and maintain the overlay's position on the camera's target between frames, to negate the delay-induced overlay dragging effect. Thanks for kickstarting this project, Andy! Also for a second question,sorry if this is answered already but I haven't seen it. In all the pics and videos, the thermal image is a strip through the screen, will it be possible to have the entire screen show only the thermal output as an optional viewing setting? Maybe that needs the higher res sensor? For stretch goals I would be interested in anything that improves the resolution and accuracy of the image over all else, then maybe dual BT chip options. The your only manufacturing 1 device and that should be simpler. If the hardware is built right with the ability to upgrade firmware all of the software base options can be handled later but once the hardware is out, it's out. Just my 2 cents. Thoughts for stretch goals: - capability to add additional sensors to increase the resolution. Looks like the sensors are about $65 each when bought in small quantity. - build in a rangefinder of some sort so the software knows the approximate pixel size - add software features to utilize the phone's accelerometers to be able to take a pseudo-panorama, thereby virtually increasing the resolution. Then you could stand in the middle of a room and "paint" the room with the sensor, and get a full-size image with full IR sensor coverage for the whole room. Is there any reward level planned as we have already hit the goal? I forgot to post the Samsung Galaxy SIII Specification List: <url>"Ghost" along with my Kickstarter EMF antenna. haha. What a great project. That was the easiest Kickstarter 'do i pledge' decision yet. :-) already over 50%, i only got the email 20 mins ago :)