Stuck spacebar, any tips? Thanks! Just got my new keyboard and I love it... its even easy to rearrange the keys to a non-qwerty keyboard. Love it. Just received my iZen and it looks great! The only thing I am mystified by is the decision to use a proprietary apple dock connector rather than a standard USB port for charging. What motivated that decision? All it seems to do is force your customers to buy additional cables from Apple rather than being able to buy much less expensive generic USB cables. Received and loving my Keyboard and stand. Many thanks for making the product and best of luck with future en devours. Robin - received my second iZen A-OK - beautiful - thanks for all the work on a high quality product Man o Man is this thing gorgeous!! In fact it looks so nice im reluctant to use and prefer to stare at it. Robin you did an excellent job!!!! Happy to say my iZen arrived yesterday, it has a great weight and texture to it. Thanks guys! Woohoo! my iZen arrived. Looks nice, though the keys on the rightmost edge (del, \, return, shift) are a little too close and stick; since it's bamboo against bamboo I suspect it'll smooth itself out pretty quickly, or I can take a little sandpaper to them. Smells nice too, which I've never said about a piece of electronics before :-) Hi Robin, any news on the shipment dates, I can't wait to start using my new keyboard. This user's account has been deleted. Robin - many thanks for getting the first iZen to me to go with my nephew's new iPad graduation gift - beautifully made & packaged - the stand is superb. Looking forward to the second shipping out when you're ready. Best of luck. I have received my keyboard reward. It is really beautiful! I am glad things are going well and appreciate the fast delivery. I have one issue, the top of the keyboard panel is slightly separated from the bottom in the back across most of its length. I can see some small metal alignment pins in the crack. I was thinking about glueing it with a needle super glue dispenser. What do you think? Then keyboard works and connected easily to my iPad. Thanks, Chris Hello Robin, so how are things coming along? Thanks for the feedback Robin, much appreciated. I can't wait to see what they look like up close and how the bamboo feels. "this keyboard is renewable, recyclable, and won’t pile up in landfills." I know it's mostly bamboo, but what about the electronics part of it? Is that somehow also renewable or recyclable? Update! :) Did the first batch ship out? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Robin - thanks for kudos on my suggestion - added to my pledge for my nephew as part of his High School graduation present of the new iPad in early June - iZen keyboard will be unique addition to that gift. Great news! Thanks Robin. Does the stand work for an iPad or a Laptop? Looking forward to receiving them in the UK. Great job all the backers Congrats on reaching your funding goal. Have you considered allowing Backers to add additional keyboards (with & without stands) by increasing their pledge amount ? I'd consider at least one more for my nephew. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Saw this on macgasm and it looks sick!