These guys were so honest. I said that my guitar didn't arrive after 6 months and they sent me another one. These guys are really honest, so props to you guys for building a real company. Big tick to you guys. You deserve the high praise. It has been the most wonderful experience dealing with you guys. Thank you for everything. I'll be surely telling everyone about you. Oh man, this is seriously the maddest guitar ever! Wow! I just got around to playing it and I literally finished the app and all the guitar lessons in 30 days and surprised myself! Wow, thank you guys for making this! I desperately wanted to learn an instrument and that app that goes with the guitar was over the top amazing. What a quality product. I'm so thrilled and it was one of those purchases I took a chance on and you guys DELIVERED. That was so worth my money. THANK YOU!!!!!!! I still not receive the product. Please reply when Cani get the product? I still haven't receive my product till now! Will like to ask for refund! The lag/latency I get still makes this fairly unusable for me unfortunately. I can physically hear the string being plucked a few ms before the actual sound comes out of whatever application I am using (GarageBand or JamStick) making it almost impossible for me to play this thing effectively. Wish there was a way to fix this issue - it's a great concept and I was truly excited for this. @creators: oh this is helpful, thanks! I did not know what these little plastic things were for. Makes it much easier! I also hope you will come up with some things for us lefties! Thanks and happy holidays! @ Matt. To stop the plastic shoulder straps lugs sliding up and "failing" in lefty mode, use Blue-tack or similar fill the holes, this can be removed if desired. Although if you are going to always use it with a strap perhaps a permanent bond to the body would be best. 17 days and no response to my question posted here. Your <email> email was bouncing messages. I know you're active since you just sent out a promotional email today. We helped you launch this new product and now you're ignoring us? I just tried to email <email> and it bounced back: Technical details of permanent failure: Google tried to deliver your message, but it was rejected by the server for the recipient domain jamstik.com by smtp.secureserver.net. [72.167.238.29]. The error that the other server returned was: 550 5.1.1 <email> Recipient not found. Hey guys, props on making a great product. But I have a few qualms as a left-hander and want to know if you have any plans/suggestions how to remedy these issues. 1) You only molded strap inserts for right-hand orientation. You can't use the strap as a left-hander. The small form factor makes this more of an issue than with a standard-size guitar. It would have been easy to design the mold with inserts on both sides of the body. Given that you included the strap with the left-hand kits, I am not sure what you thought we were going to do with it. Do you have any suggestions? 2) The fretboard display in the software is a right-hand orientation. How about a settings option in the to flip the fretboard so it appears correctly for left-handers? I'm having problems with the firmware update 4.049, each time it gets to 20% the Jamstick+ LED flashes amber and it disconnects. Both IPad & Jamstick+ are 100% battery Can you assist please? Regards Nige What really kills it for me is the inability to do hammer-ons and pull-offs. They need to put out a version that supports this. Meanwhile my Jamstik sits there unused. Do the apps and BLE connectivity work properly if I upgrade to Ios9? Wanted to check before I did the upgrade on my iPad Thanks I have yet to receive my jamstik+. Could you guys look into it for me? I sent a message earlier through my profile about this issue as well. Thanks! I Still no battery!! Just received ! It's looks great . Thanks ! After a long wait, finally I received jamstik+ in India. The weird this I had to pay an extra 5219 INR to received the package. Is everyone in the rest of USA paid any extra postage amount while collecting the package? I am extremely unhappy in paying around 85$ extra while collecting the package in addition to the 60$ which I already paid for shipping. I was already unhappy in the delay of this and now it made me sad . Jamstik team, please explain. I had received the battery at Aug.20 but still waiting for my black jamstik+. Just wondering when will i receive mine. After a long delay in receiving my jamstick that was out of Zivix's control, good constant communication throughout the process and a bruised finger from hitting refresh on the couriers tracking site, i was excited to receive my jamstick +. That's when things took a turn for the worse. for such a well designed, manufactured and innovative device i really struggle to understand how zivix overlooked such a fundamental flaw with their product. There is never enough time to play with such a fantastic instrument. No matter how long you have and how much spare time you have it is never enough. Thank you zivix for everything you have done. now if you can just add a few more hours to each day that would be great Hey guys , i have received my jamstik and i am leaving a comment to show you how grateful i am . I never thought that i would be able to play an instrument , I am really bad with them but the jamstik is a magical device , i can see real progress . I am extremely grateful. September already - reading from the thread, it seems there has been some delay or customs issues with China. I am one of them since I did not receive my Jamstick in Shanghai yet. It would be good that you could support delivery tracking without us to send a request. Could you help track my order / or has it been lost ? Thank you in advance. So, a month ago I wrote on here how disappointed I was at still not having received my Jamtisk+. At the time I said I didn't blame Zivix for DHL's mess. You guys responded saying: "We have requested again, a full explanation from DHL and promise we will get you a jamstik as you purchased and we owe you big time." You have also mentioned multiple times that you were going to send out replacement units, but I have not heard anything from you since my message a month ago. Nothing! You could AT LEAST send those of us affected by this debacle emails to keep us up to date on the progress. We were supposed to receive our Jamsticks in June, it is now September and I'm still none-the-wiser about when I will be receiving my Jamstick! The battery arrived just today. My thanks to the Jamstik team for your good service! @Djarn Nicholas I can understand your position, I usually do not buy into anything that needs Apple. I got a Galaxy S with Android 5.1.1 running (Omni ROM) and a jolla (well, not really Android:), the other devices at home are Xiaomi (2, 4, and a Xiaomi box). So I am pretty much into Android. BUT, no offense meant, you are being crossly unfair in your anti-Apple rage against the Jamstik team. The FAQ on the campaign page did state everything very clearly. 1. Device and apps work on Apple 2. No apps on other platforms, yet 3. No general support of the hardware on Android due to the lack of a hardware standard 4. Device is usable via MIDI on Windows I did reconfirm with the Jamstik team before I backed the Jamstik, that it supports MIDI on Windows (like with the You Rock Guitar). With all the information on the campaign page at hand I knew and was fully aware that I had to get an Apple device in order to make full use of the Jamstik's special features (that is in combination with the apps). From what I have experienced so far, the Jamstik apps are well-done. And I have to admit that it is just great to have a free supporting application like GarageBand with all the sampled instruments, ready to be carried with me in a compact form. Very motivating. My daughter loves the music/creativity apps, as well, but it seems she likes the Android gaming part better ;-). The Jamstik campaign was a very successful Kickstarter project, with only minimal delay. Communication and response times were great. It might have been possible to avoid the unfortunate battery hick-up, but the Jamstik team managed to get this ironed out. At least for me. Full fulfillment, mission accomplished. I have backed a number of Kickstarter projects, in comparison the Jamstik+ project has been almost perfect. Anyone here have experience with the Danish customs ? My package has been in their care for 10 days now and it only took four days to get it from the US :-) Well I have not recieved mine yet. I'm in Melbourne Australia. Last kick starter project Ill invest in, after having to wait longer for a left handed version and a courier option that sits with your item for a week (I see I'm not the only one) before they clear it, I now see I'm stuck with a useless piece of plastic since it only supports crappy apple devices. When the campaign started they used (thanks hindsight) clever words to make android and windows users think that by the time the item was delivered they'd have support. Their poor excuses about MIDI support is bull. They now say they develop in a cross platform *** blah blah blah* , just publish the thing if you really have! Windows has had MIDI support before IOS was even thought of and android users would rather have a bit of latency than a piece of plastic. Truth is probably they are talking crap and are purely bias towards stuff like right hand eds and brainless apple fans. After a week of seeing it sit in customs processing since getting to the UK my black lefty unit arrived today. Well, by 'arrived' I mean I went to get it from the main sorting office and pay the customs charge (£25.91 including handling fee) in person. Waiting for it to be actually delivered would have meant not receiving it until next Tuesday at the very earliest! It's going to take a bit of getting used to how things work as it's not *quite* like a traditional guitar in how it responds... but it's also so much more, and Hell's Bells! I love it. :) Respect to the Jamstik team, you've made a truly delightful device! Hi Zivix, I appreciate your reply to my previous comment. I gave Jamstick several weeks of testing. I feel like that it is an interesting instrument if you know how to play, and use it to remix and record. However, I also feel that it doesn't teach me the correct way to learn, especially because it doesn't produce "within zone variation" if you know what I mean. Once I learn something on Jamstik+ and try to play it on a real Guitar, I fail because I can't get the basic notes right. The pressure I apply on a real Guitar is very different which cannot be replicated well using the current version of Jamstik+. I started to grow frustrated. Could you alleviate my concern? For example, do you plan in the future version of hardware update to make Jamstik+ more realistic? Or what do you recommend me to do? For example, buy a real Guitar and learn to play, then come back to Jamstik+? Hi Zivix, My Jamstick+ arrived today, but I wasn't home at the time. The note from the delivery man stated that I have to pay another €41,90 at pick-up. Didn't I already pay an extra fee for the shipment? I live in the Netherlands, have there been any customs-issues? Will pick up the package tomorrow, hope you compensate the extra costs in one way or another... I have my JAMSTIK. Still no battery though! :{ I am in the same boat regarding the Australian orders. Havent received it yet and it's still in Frankfurt according to DHL. Thanks for the speedy response Zivix! Hi Zivik, Do we have any more updates regarding deliveries to Australia? It's listed as having arrived in Frankfurt well over 2 months ago, and nothing since. My lefty jamstik+ has arrived in my home city.... Excitement in anticipation growing.... Hi. I received my blue lefty, but have not received the white regular. I expected they would come together or the rightie would come first. How can I go about getting the status on the white one? Thanks. Hi I am still waiting for the delivery of my Jamstik. I sent several emails to you but I got never feedback from you. Please advice me when I can expect the Jamstik. Kind regards Pascal from Switzerland. Hi Zivix, I did not received any of your message or email regards to the replacement of battery please give us a update on this issue/ shipment. Thanks Received the jamstick+ and I am from Singapore. Like many others, there was no battery and the package was opened and resealed. I received my jamstick+ today, and I can't even use the strap it's still set up like it's intended for the right handed. The strap is on the wrong side also the power buttons and everything is on the bottom it seem that the only change is that you guys switched the strings. Also it is very difficult to use jam tutor when the jam tutor is for right handed players. Hi, I just received my Jamstik and to my horror, there's no battery in the package. The package was opened and in a mess and my jamstik plastic in the center is broken at one side. Also I did not receive any soft case as indicated in my pledge. Would appreciate if you can send me my batteries, my soft case and a replacement for my spolit plastic with the jamstik wordings printed on it. Thank you! I have love in Singapore. thanks Zivix Hi, I have received my jamstik but there isn't any battery in it. And the package that I received is not sealed in the inner layer (Jamstik box) but it is sealed on the outer courier box. In the box there is jamstilk, strap, pick and USB cable that all. I don't know what else I have missing. Please help Nothing from DHL, yet. For Zivix some pics: the repacked package (<url>"Gefahrgut")(<url>… I'll have to wait at least two weeks, then we'll see … Received my Jamstik+ a few minutes ago (Melbourne, Australia), Thanks! Looks great, downloading the apps now. I did notice some blue marks on the back and side of my white Jamstik+ from where it had been rubbing against the blue packaging. I used a slightly damp "White Magic Eraser" and was able to remove the marks without any issues. Maybe the area where the Jamstik+ sits in the box shouldn't be coloured. Anyway, time to enjoy and learn a new instrument. Thanks again. That's very generous of you Zivix, and greatly appreciated. Those Germans must be enjoying our Jamstik+s right now... Sydney Deliveries? Please inform us on progress... *haven't Hey. Im in Sydney and still have got my Jamstik White. How do I track it? Clayton Whetmore, here I haven't received mine. In looking through the information, it appears that somehow the radio button for "Left Hand" is clicked. I am right-handed. Hopefully, the Left-Hand version can go to somebody who needs it and I can receive the more traditional one made for right-handed people. Thanks! @Colin and @Greg - I've been waiting 7+ weeks for mine to arrive in Sydney. Been over 3 weeks with no updates from DHL either - Last seen in Germany, so either still there or lost in transit I guess. Definitely doesn't seem like Aus Post has even seen it yet, so pretty unlikely any delay on that end. Zivix said they had some new info on the Australia deliveries last week, but haven't heard back from them since then either. I was part of their original Indigogo campaign which had quite a bit of delay too, but that was more manufacturing troubles, not anywhere near this kind of delivery problems. I wonder at what point does it just make sense to put in an insurance claim on the undelivered packages. I just want to play with everyone else :-( Hi, any idea when they will be delivered to Australia? I am still waiting in Australia = ( Can we have an update with the lefties please? Got my one! Wow! It is AMAZING!!! "all of the Backer units except lefties have been shipped"... so does that mean us lefties can start getting excited? Correction: MORE excited? Really hoping to be Jamming soon. I am still waiting in Singapore. =( hi, I noticed that once I put my left hand fingers in a particular "section", it doesn't produce variation of sound, no matter how I change the position of my fingers within that section. it seems to be quite different from actual guitar. Do you plan to fix that? Joey Got it! Played for a while and it is completely amazing!! One of the best things I've got from kickstarter! Starting from the package to product and the apps!! So cool! Thank you guys Hi, I am travelling to the US - SFO, LAX, SEA from 10th through 19th. Any chance you can ship this to my US address and we need not worry about the international customs etc. I have been waiting for my Jamstik+ to arrive for over 45 days now and it does not seem to be progressing in anyway. Please advise. It's really interesting to see my second jamstik+, shipped Jul 25, would arrive BEFORE the one shipped Jul 9. :p I'm in Taiwan. Really looking forward to play with it! Being from Sydney Australia, I'm not too concerned any more. There is most likely a back log at Australia post. There's some scandal happening in the news with a contractor of theirs that's in Melbourne, but I won't be surprised if they're investigating other cities. If you google it, there's more info. So I'd rather them do their jobs. So no worries, and chances of it arriving this month is high. Actually, I got that wrong, that was just the most recent update. They've had it since the 21st of June. Still worth the wait! :-) Thanks for the update guys. My Jamstik has been sitting with DHL in Frankfurt since the 17th of July. I'm sure it'll be worth the wait. :-) I got my DHL tracking number 6 weeks ago and still no sign of my Jamstick+!! It's been in limbo between Frankfurt, Germany and Perth, Australia (its final destination) for 5.5 weeks... ridiculous! I shall never be using DHL to send packages in future. I'm just a little peeved that the $60 I paid for shipping has resulted in such a long wait for delivery. Not blaming the Jamstick team BTW, there's no way you guys could have known the debacle that was to ensue! +1 to the whining about DHL - still in transit, 15 days and counting :\ But only two of those days to get to Europe, so the hold-up's all this side. I know it won't help, and it's not your fault - just as feedback that they're doing a rubbish job, at least this particular time :) Quick question: What delivery service is shipping within the USA? DHL? UPS? USPS? FedEX? Haven't received any tracking info for blue jamstix yet. Thanks! ='.'= I received mine a week ago. It took 30 days to deliver. It's awesome! I love it. I finally got my hands on the JS today and i must congratualte you. You should put a video up for other KS projects to learn from as this is the best of many projects i have backed. Everything was excellent from the packaging to the feel of the JS itself. The sound Garage Band is fantastic using headphones. Anyone looking for more guitars sounds, Garage band is where to find them. I travel a lot and the JS is coming with me. Just one little issue, the registration process will not allow the code which has more than 4 digits. Congrats again for a well presented and delivered campaign. Received mine, and quickly became obsessed with it! Great product! Does any one know if they are being shipped by air or ocean freight and if it's express? like do I need someone to sign for it? I'm from Australia, so I know express really doesn't mean anything from this side of the world, as it always takes forever, but I would like to know if I need someone to sign for it. My jamstik finally arrived last friday!! As a basic level guitarist, I'm sure I will improve my skills, because I'll take it everywhere for practicing. By the way, no latency issues and I could update in second try. Congratulations Zivix for this wonderful product. Looking forward for the next one!! Hi all. I'm in Canada and received my Jamstik on Friday. Canada Post will say on tracking that they will deliver to you but it goes directly to your closest post office for pick up. DON'T wait at home for delivery. The tracking will say out for delivery then attempted then notice left. When actually it goes straight to postal outlet. Took 8 days to clear canada customs.Paid 19.65 cod. (9.65 duty) plus 10.00 fee. Today I received a letter from DHL (<email>) regarding the Lithium batteries. My reference number is G-91789. Please solved this problem. Thank you. Parisri I'm getting better and better with the chords and all, loving the JS more and more each day. Are there any more sound options planned for the JS app? No shipment notice here in the UK also.... Any update? Hello! Checking if the orders that were supposed to ship in July were all sent? I am in Canada and received no shipment notice... Hey there, Can I get an estimate on delivery dates? Mine should have arrived in July? Cheers Hey guys, customs want some kind of invoice. Is it possible to send it to me? Thanks Just got my Blue Jamstik+ yesterday morning. Love the build quality, have been playing all night long. XD Overall everything is good, just disappointed in the DHL services. For those of tragic "Processing Completed at Origin, June 27" (or around), I guess it will never update, so I recommend asking your local DHL office with shipment number in hand. I did, and apparently my package is going to be delivered tomorrow by Postal Service. Crossing fingers!! Hi Guys: Have been out of the loop and JUST sent in my backer survey-I hope that this isn't too big a problem, and sorry about that. Nina I just received mine this morning in Singapore. The weblink to the tracking number does not update, but is still showing June 27. So I guess those that went to Germany should start receiving the package. Hope my update will keep your spirit up. Well you haven't responded to my msg regarding update to my Jamstick. It ship on the 19th of June and I still haven't received the parcel yet. Private message unanswered. Still no notice of shipment Very happy my Jamstik arrived today! Minor gripe: DHL decided to charge me 35$ for doing their job delivering it. :(:(:( Hi. I was told I'll have my notification by July 27, but I still don't have any, please advice. Hi Zivix, I am still waiting for Jamstik+. I just want to know, is it on ship or ready to go. For those who have not yet received their Jamstik+, here are two unboxing videos of the SmartGuitar : <url>"Dangerous Goods - Lithium battery" your parcel was screened by security measures at the Frankfurt Airport. In this case, our staff found the above described dangerous good in your parcel. I'm sorry to inform you, that this kind of hazardous material are not allowed for transport by german postal service. Would you please do something on this? I have the reference number... Received my blue right hander in the UK yesterday. Very pleased so far, but I do have a couple of software related questions, a warning, and an item that may be of interest for Android users! First of all the warning - I upgraded my iPad to iOS 9 beta2. The JamStik+ app closed when updating the firmware. Fortunately, it hadn't got very far and didn't seem to cause an issue when I tried again on my wife's iPad which is running regular iOS 8.4. I would suggest not trying to update he firmware if you're on the iOS 9 beta, just in case there's a chance you might brick your device. 1. The JamTutor app only has the sounds for a single guitar (12-string acoustic) whereas the JamStik+ app has two additional acoustic guitars. Why is this? 2.There are no electric guitar sounds is either app, which is a bit of a disappointment to me. Are there any plans to add more sounds? Finally, I plugged my JamStik+ into my Note 4 via USB, and can confirm that Samsung's SoundCamp does detect it as a MIDI interface - sadly there aren't any guitar sounds, since the Guitarism plug in does not use the MIDI interface, but it's a start. Thanks, Dave Finally got my white Jamstik+ delivered today. Shipped on the 21st, arrived today, the 27th, in Hawaii. Updated the firmware via my iPhone 5S no problem despite the crappy AT&T slow cell coverage. As Nafers said four days ago the fretboard action will require my calluses to build-up on my fingers to be played easily. It's actually very similar to my Washburn traveller's guitar with metal strings. I'm more of a futting-around guitar player, but the JS+ will take a little getting used to. I'm probably going to put some anti-slip strips on the back of the unit as it's so smooth it slides against my body when moving up the fretboard. After my fingers get used to the JS+ I'm sure my Squire Strat will be like butter to play with its easy action. So far so good! Hello Zivix, hanging to get my Jamstik+. Replied to the survey re delivery details back in May and have not received any notification of shipping yet and its end of July. Hi there, still awaiting my right-handed blue jamstik. I'm in the US. Any updates? Thanks! @Guan: Hey I'm in SGP as well. Did your JS+ got stuck in Frankfurt due to battery issues? DId you ask them to remove it? I've tried calling them but no dice and emails weren't replied to. Did you do anything? Hi Zivix, May I know when will my awesome jamstick+ be delivered? :) I'm earlybird backpacker and finally delivered to Korea. Yay! But i think DHL has a big problem because it shows my JS+ is still stuck in USA(still not trackable). I had some problems on firmware downloading, but now it works after several retrying. Thanks zivix! Singapore here. Just received it today. Trying to update firmware but unsuccessful a couple times. Fingers crossed... Hi Team, any update on blue JS+ shippings to Germany? Will I receive an email on the shipping? Best, Max Also, thank you for your efforts in bringing together this project; I'm sure its implementation isn't easy. Thank you, Zivix; the first of my Jamstick+ deliveries (black, righty) arrived in Melbourne Australia today! Soon, the wait for the lefty version will begin! I live in HK but I checked that it was shipped to Singapore, Please help to follow up. I have double checked my shipping address and confirmed that my country was Hong Kong not Singapore. Got mine in Mexico City! About the firmware update, I try a couple times with my iPad, but for some reason it lost the bluetooth connection around the 36%. Just switch to my iPhone 6 and everything go smoothly. Received in HK. It's great! Got my JS+ today in Hong Kong! The packing is nice, and it keeps my JS+ in excellent condition. I encountered some problem after firmware update (unable to play sound), but it was solved after soft reset my JS+. It is an amazing stuff to have, and I will be happy to bring it along to my next trip and play with my friends! The service of DHL was disappointing, pls don't use it next time~ Thanks Zivix for your outstanding communication with backers, highly appreciate! Hi Zivix, Have the jamstiks started to ship ? So far no notifications . Yesterday,after 5 weeks of waiting I received my JS+.But I had to pay extra for customs 50 Euros.I immediately made the firmware update. In general I like the unit very well.But if I play it over Bluetooth,I am very surprised by the latency.Between picking and sounding can be felt a definite delay.About USB I could not test it. Is this normal or can I adjust somthing?Just as it is now playing is not very much fun. When do you anticipate shipping the lefties? just received my jamstik+ today! cant wait to try it! Thanks Zivix, got my White Jamstik+ yesterday, and me and the kids had alot of fun playing with it last night. I've been playing the guitar for about a ayear and a half now, and I will say it's different in many ways. I think people that start on the Jamstik will have an easy time transitioning to a real guitar, but established guitar players will probably be initially turned off to the Jamstik when they try it. The action on the frets just feels a tad stiff. Not high or low, just stiff. Not a bad thing, it just takes an hour or so to get used to. (That being said, my LP and Strat have silky smooth action, so it's probably not fair to compare too much!). Anyway, it's beautiful and solid, and does exactly what it said it would do. @Iain From experience I can tell you that it usually takes some time to be able to hold down the strings properly, let alone play chords and change finger positions swiftly. Keep practicing and you'll get better and better every day, the feel is very much like a real guitar so if you should decide to make the transition some time later you'll be good to go! I've had my Jamstik for a couple of days now, and I'm a **complete** beginner in my 50's. Like Dominik said, good sturdy packaging and the Jamstik itself feels really solid. I had problems doing the firmware update - later on I found out that my wife's laptop was doing a big download so the network was slower than usual, so I guess a network timeout. Eventually I restarted my iPad and that seemed to fix everything. I'm enjoying the JamTutor exercises, and already getting the odd moment when my fingers seems to know what they need to do, but I'm still on single string picking at the moment - don't have any chords worked out yet. My biggest challenges at the moment are that I'm still slow so the arcade mode gets interesting, and I don't seem to be able to bend my left hand to get clean contact on the frets - need to find out where my fingers are meant to go! Really enjoying myself, and now I have a weekend to play properly ;-) Thanks Zivix - great fun and teaching aid all rolled into one! Hi Zivix. Not sure why you're not responding privately, so I'll try here: DHL tracking site has been showing 'No Results' for my package since July 8th. Please LMK what I can do. Got mine delivered to Hong Kong this morning!!!!!! I only have time to unpack and appreciate the beautiful Jamstik+ before heading out to work. Thank you Zivix, I do appreciate your effort and help in tracking the parcel and your timely messages advising the latest delivery state. This is a great Kickstarter project and I will be a loyal backer to your future projects. Stil awaiting my Jamstik+ in Australia. About a month back, I received an email with a DHL parcel tracking number and I started tracking the parcel ever since. However, the parcel status has not changed since June 20th and I have not received anything from DHL or any other courier since. Can you please look into this and confirm if my Jamstik was shipped or not? Why is it taking so long? Hi Zivix, it's kind of annoying that keep pressing the F5 in the DHL homepage every single day, which I can do nothing but seeing the jamstiks is still sitting in Frankfurt. Can your team consider using another logistics company in the future? Hi Zivix, Have the blue jamstiks started to ship ? So far no notifications . DHL is kinda strange: Things going into or through here always go through customs, which takes a considerable amount of time, since everything goes through the main customs office in Frankfurt. My JS sat there for almost 3 weeks, so delays here might be inevitable. The part about it being "dangerous goods" because of the battery sounds really strange though. If you have Twitter Id contact them there, they are usually way more helpful than the guys on the phone. I've used DHL Express many many times before it works wonderful. I'm not so sure of this weird beast called DHL eCommerce though. Not a reflection on Zivix at all, but I'm really not impressed by DHL. My JamStik arrived in Germany (I'm in the UK) on Saturday. 2am Tuesday morning, it ended up in Cologne where it says it that : "The shipment will be transported to the destination country and, from there, handed over to the delivery organization." It's almost 60 hours since that update, so what's it doing sitting in Cologne? I can't help but feel that USPS would've been a much better option since I had a delivery sent almost the same time that took 6 days start to finish. Got a letter from Deutsche Post DHL in Germany that my Jamstik is a dangerous goods due to the lithium battery. Unfortunately the letter doesn't state the next steps and eCommerce office is closed for the day. So..no clue what will happen to it now.. I chalk it up to the really silly route the package has taken (USA to Germany to .???? to singapore?). Hey guys! I received my Jamstik+ just yesterday, after being misrouted it ultimately found it's way to Germany. ;) I just wanna give a few impressions: The packaging is very high-value, as are the components of the Jamstik itself. Everything is well-crafted and the firmware update worked seamlessly. You can practically start right off jamming after that, whether you're knew to playing or have played the guitar for a considerable time in the past (which is the case with me). I gotta say, if you played the guitar before there'll definitely be a difference in terms of feeling and handling. That difference does come naturally through the Jamstik being an electronic device and -as far as I can tell- has nothing to do with mistakes made during the manufacturing process. Personally, to me it's a little odd at first to have such a short and small instrument, but I found myself remembering (and playing well!) old songs and riffs / licks in no time. All in all, after one night of intense practice I have to say this: The Jamstik can't fully replace an actual guitar, nor does it wish to do so. It's a great way to learn (or re-discover) playing a beautiful instrument and does all it sets out to do extremely well. User-friendly and versatile, I give it a huge thumbs up. Kudos to Zivix for exceptional customer service! You guys rock! \m/ @LaFuDan: thanks for the feedback. Will keep my fingers crossed that the package isn't far away. Finally the item number appears on Hong Kong Post mail tracking webpage. Delivery status is still in transit. I got my one from Hong Kong Post today, yeah~~~~~~~~~ @Ian: Same here but I received it this week. i haven't received any info on my jamstik where should I make a ticket ? Thank you. I will send it shortly For people in asia, I just got a letter from German post office that item can't continue because lithium battery is considered hazardous. @creator, their suggestion is to remove the battery. Is it simple to replace? Has anyone in Australia received their Jamstik+ yet? Mine shipped on 21st June and still only see a ship to destination country twice, the last time on the 17th July. Blue JamStik+ received today in Virginia, USA. Backer #3292. Updating firmware now. Thanks! @Kwok Ting, I am in Hong Kong and experiencing the same frustration as you. Hi again Zivix Team, Kindly disregard my previous message, found the message after digging thru spams. Thanks a lot ! Hi Zivix Team, You said that you sent a message upon my request (delivery to France, black one), but I did not receive that message. Thanks ! Anyone in Hong kong received? My tracking show it pass to Hong Kong Post on Jul-16 and state that "The shipment will be transported to the destination country and, from there, handed over to the delivery organization. (Homepage / online shipment tracking: <url>" But I can't track it in Hong Kong Post web site.......... @Creator Hi guys! I ordered a white Jamstik+ and was wondering what the shipping status is? I am travelling in the first week of September and I was hoping to get it before I leave. Thanks! � Blue jamstik+ received! Following my request for info yesterday you've replied (here) as follows: "Thanks for all of the comments and we have sent messages to all of you". But I haven't received any reply, and I have checked my junk mail, so please re-send. :-) Thanks very much. (Apologies if a similar message appears twice - my original message didn't show up after clicking "post comment" so I've rewritten it.) Hello, following my last comment yesterday asking for news of my Jamstik's status/location, you replied "Thanks for all of the comments and we have sent messages to all of you" - well, so far I haven't received any message, and yes I checked my junk mail (no reason it would go there anyway as I get your general update mails with no problem). Can you send message again please? Thanks a lot! Tim Hurray - mine has arrived at home (Northern Scotland). Boo - I'm working late tonight :-( @BYKim I think you have to connect to Android with a USB cable because they don't yet support BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy). Check their site for details. <url>#230). Should i sit at here and just waiting for finishing strike? Why did we pay $50? pls let me know if 2 jamsticks are on the way or not. I haven't got any shipping information. thanks. Hi, looking for tracking for my shipment to the US Hi, Just a quick update to let you know that my Jamstik+ was waiting for me at the post office today. I was a bit disappointed to learn that I had to pay 56 more euros (customs fee,I guess), though ! Anyway, got it just in time for the holidays, so that's pretty cool :-) Thanks again to the Zivix team for covering my mistake, when I ordered left-handed instead of right-handed ! ;-) Hi, add me to the list of people hoping for a shipping update... Should be a White, right handed. Hoping to receive before I travel next week... Just received one of two ...very excited! I did not get any shipping information in advance though. Hello, I've had no news since the last project update on 24 June... Waiting in Brussels for blue right-handed Jamstik. Any info about when I will receive it? Thanks! Thank you so much, FedEx just delivered the package, now everything is intact, 10x 4 the gr8 support and communication I would love an update or tracking number. Having an issue updating my firmware - I've connected the jamstick to my iphone, and the "Important Firmware Update Available" button is showing. However, every time I click on it, and then click "Update", it does absolutely nothing. Is there a solution to this? I am backer #1403. I have yet to receive any shipping notification. Please advise. Tq Possible to PM me an tracking number? Thank you. Hi Zivix team There are lots of requests for delivery date. I believe you need to release estimated shipping schedule according to production plan and not just using "Late July" kind of time frame. We are all waiting. Arrived! Fun! Thanks! It has become obsessed with. Could I get a shipping update please? I have not received any notifications. Thanks Hi Zivix Team, May I also request a status update (delivery to France, the black version) ? Thanks ! Wondering if I could get an update on shipping? I haven't received any correspondence at all.... I never received the email notifications, when will you start shipping? Thanks I understand that since I've ordered the left-handed version, this version will only start shipping August, I've tried looking at my reward and I can't see if it includes a carry case, if it doesn't, is it possible to get one and if so, how do I go about getting it? Hi, I would also like a shipping update if possible. My backed no. is 1491 for a white one. thank you The money for me came out on May 7. How do we find out our shipping date? Australia For the UK, and I suspect other countries as well, there have bene 3 levels of shipping. 1. Shipping from USA to Germany using DHL eCommerce - this is from the original notification from the fulfilment company. 2. Shipping from Germany to the UK using 'DP Welt Paket' with a different tracking number (12 digits) 3. I found out today that in the UK it was then transferred to ParcelForce with yet another shipping number, but I only found this out because I phones DHL in the UK. I'm quite surprised at this transfer as DHL do have a depot nearby, as do ParcelForce. I have paid £38.05 for the "Import VAT" and handling charge, and delivery is scheduled for Tuesday. I received the original shipping notification on July 8th, and the DP Welt Paket notification on the 10th July, so delivery on 21st July, so a total of 13 days to the UK, but I was near the end of the regular black Jamstiks, so the strike that affected so many people had already finished. So if you have received a notification, it is worth contacting DHL with the 12 digit tracking number and see where it is at - the staff were very helpful, and it took about 10 minutes for them to find it and give me the information. Good luck! Hello, I haven't received any email updates in a bit. Also no shipping notice. Any updates? Hi, I would also like a shipping update if possible. thank you I'd like to know when mine will be shipped please. I haven't received any email about that. I am in the UK. Mine got held up by customs, but I'll be able to collect it on Monday. I'm from Germany so I'll keep all of you international backers who haven't received theirs posted on the fees etc. I haven't received mine yet :-( Please update me on status :-) Hi guys - can you tell me who would be shipping out (I am in the UK) and I haven't received anything to say where my order would be? I've searched for DHL - could you provide what the subject may look like so I can have another look or update me please. Zivix, can u help me check the status with dhl. Mine was sent june 26. Thx any idea where is my jamstik? the tracking information can't be found on the website of dhl, it' benn almost a month that i received the notification, but now i am not even able to track it. please do help, thanks I got mine updated as well. Third times the charm. Now I need to learn playing on this thing:) Hi all - just got my js+ and have a few observations regarding getting it delivered and updating the firmware. First off, I live in the UK and mine was dispatched on 30 June; the tracking page was very useful: just seeing my js+ sitting in Germany for a week was unbearable. Then seeing it being held in the UK because a customs charge was due and the "recipient has been informed" was annoying because it took 4 working days from the time the tracking status changed to me actually being informed and what I had to do to pay the charge. I don't know how this compares with other UK people's experience. Anyway, now it's here and it is really, really nice! The firmware update happened without any problems but it took 25 minutes. I don't know why this was so much longer than the 15 minutes stated but it sounds like some are having issues. So, maybe I'll get a chance to play it over the weekend. In the meantime thanks to the Zivix team for delivering the pro instrument I was hoping for! Hey, is there any ETA on when the mac app is coming out? Haven't got an iPad, and it's not great on the iPhone's small screen. Thanks Sorry, autocorrect is also brutal today:) I hope you understand what I was trying to say. Update has been stuck two times, at 27% and 35%. This is the third time I'm trying to update. Fingers crossed. Updates that takes 10+ minutes is pretty brutal when there seems lite here is no progress, mine has been stuck at 35% for some time now and I don't know if something went wrong or if it will continue in a minute or ten. Hi I only received one of the two jamstiks I paid for...? Does the charge LED change color when it is charged? Can it be safely left plugged in to charge overnight? Just an FYI, I received my jamstik today. Do blue units that were shipped after the firmware upgrade still need to go through the upgrade process? What is the latest estimate of ship date on my blue lefty jamstik+. No rush, just trying to set my expectations. :) I haven't seen an update lately. Thanks. Hi All, what should I look for in my email in terms of shipping notice of for my jamstik+ (blue)? I have been in the hospital for a while so may have missed the notice in my email. Thank you for any help you can provide. Take care, Karen I have just received notification from DHL "Track & Trace" that my Jamstik has arrived in the UK and it with customs. The "Track & Trace" page is different from the original notification. If you see my post from 2 days ago on how to find the local courier updates, you may well find more up to date information. My original notification was 8th Jul so 7 days ago - I'm really hoping mine can get delivered on Friday so I have the weekend to play, but it always takes a day longer to get stuff to the north of Scotland... :-( Excitement building up again ;-) I've got a question. Why did I pay $50 to ship the jamstik from US and it's been almost a month but no news? I paid half the price to ship the same weight in 7 days. I'm in South Africa, early bird, my Jamstik shipped on 27th June, arrived at DHL Germany 1st July and it has been stuck there since. Emailed <email> and the response was "Dear Sir, due to strike action occurs during the delivery of parcels in delays, please be patient and we appreciate your understanding, thank you. We deliver the parcels as soon as possible, we do our best." No expected date for delivery given, just "we do our best". Well done to Zivix for getting the shipment out in June. I'll "do my best" to avoid using DHL in the future. I got mine, but had to pay customs fee, about 45$, i'm not mad, but sending the package as gift prevents this, as there'll be some people angry about it Hi Any idea on a shipping date to South Africa? Cant wait to get mine!! Thank you :) Blue Jamstiks have started shipping. Received my notice today! :) Where my jamstik is going? Can you help me to check. Many thanks. **shipping** What's going on with my pledge? I haven't got anything for ahipping and it has been 1 month. Please don't tell me you forgot about me... Screenshots of my DHL shipment : From the fulfilment centre <url>→ PZ-Ffm, Germany?? DHL 배송 뭐냐... 왜 독일로 보내는거야? DHL 글로벌메일 다들 욕하던데... 이건 USPS급이네... I have just received my shipping notification from the fulfilment centre in New Jersey to the UK. I'm backer 3023 so I was one of the last people to pledge. I pledged for a regular right-handed black Jamstik, so by now the first of the White & Blue Jamstiks are likely to be coming off the production line and heading for the fulfilment centre :-) Looking forward to learning how to play guitar soon! Hi, I didn't receive any tracking mail so far (I leave in France), and would know if I have to do something to unlock shippment process ? I can't wait anymore :-) thanx for ur great job ! I cannot find where to send a private message, but I have got the tracking number 9 days ago, and it looks like its in Germany now but I don't live there, any idea how I can trace the jamstick? Thanks :) i don't received any shipping notification, did i make something wrong or just have to wait? I live in hong kong and i have no idea Has anyone else had any success with returning their jamstik? I don't have an iphone or ipad, so I can't take advantage of the apps that come with the jamstik (wondering why they didn't atleast develop an app to use on MacOS...), which basically makes my jamstik a usb midi controller and I already have plenty of those. They have stated repeatedly that they'd be happy to refund my money, but once I finally decided that's what I wanted to do, I haven't heard a peep from them. I first asked for them to give me the return instructions nine days ago, then after I didn't hear anything I e-mailed them again two days ago. Still no response... Hi, I changed my shipping address because I will stay in Hong Kong more than 1 month. Did you ship my Jamstik yet ? Cheers. I requested a change to the black right hand version, did you ship it let. Hi, I have some problem with shipping process... According to the DHL tracking system, my jamstik is still in Germany and they say my parcel has already arrived in the destination country... Actually I live in South Korea and already submitted right destination. So it is not a normal situation right? or should I wait for some days more?? please see (<url>"They are on strike and just settle last Saturday 6-Jul"...........I think that's why my Jamstik is still at German....... URL: <url>#1839 Is there anybody among oversea backers whose jamstik+ is stuck in Germany with no further notice? Have you solved this issue? Referring to the exchange below about latency.... One of the applications I had planned for was iPad with garage band... Are you saying garage band is high latency, the iPad is? The combination? This is definitely a concern/interest for me... Thanks!! I received mine on Friday. I updated firmware, and started jamming on Saturday. So far is really good. Zivix delivered what they promised. Thanks. Hello How can I get information for shipping? I thought it might took time to get jamstik+ (cuz I'm in Japan) but it looks much longer than I expected..:( Hi jamstik, able to check on my status of delivery. thank you so much! was told est. delivery date Jun 2015. Hello, please check on status of my shipment if you could. Thanks Got my Jamstik+ and so far I am liking the build quality and what this is trying to achieve. Unfortunately however I am facing latency issues particularly when attempting to play even slightly fast. It's actually quite distracting and happens no matter what app I use (Jamstik+ or GarageBand). I really want to like this product but right now I'd go so far as to say it's unusable for me. I'm not a beginner player and the latency is too much for me to ignore. Are there any plans to address this? I have tried everything - updated the firmware to the latest version, rebooted my phone several times, the Jamstik+ several times. I've even reinstalled Garage Band and Jamstik+ again on my phone. I get the same latency issue with my iPad as well. Me too. Transfered to Germany (Frankfurt) for more than a week with no further update from DHL, just sent an email to DHL and am waiting for their (DHL) reply.. shipped at 22.06.15 via DHL to Germany .For 8 days no update.And since 4 Days the consignment can´t be found. 12 days on the road ,and nothing happens. I'm patiently waiting for "we're shipping blue versions now". I know, middle to late July for me... For European backers, first you get tracking from DHL and then you may notification for a FedEx carrier, this seems to have problems finding the consignment, but keep looking back at the DHL as after 3 days the tracking movement was update for me... Can't wait to get my Jamstick+.. Very exciting. For people outside the US who are waiting for notifications - Saturday is Independence Day in the USA, so today is a national holiday - I imagine the staff at Zivix will probably be offline until Monday... Hello, I have not receve shipment notification yet. Could you check it for me? Merci! Hey Zivix folks. I emailed your "info" address about my shipment getting lost but haven't had a response. I'd appreciate it if you could reply. Thanks. I'm always torn because the level I pledged in says "first shipment" level but I was able to snag one late so I get both sides... Here's to hoping it comes soon anyway! Sounds like I should have tracking on it any time now! People wanting an update - this was posted 2 days ago (edited for relevance) *** White and Blue will be built and shipped in July, *** Lefties toward end of July/early August *** Black, the last ones are heading to the East Coast for individual packing and shipping today (Tuesday). *** Some overseas will be a bit longer due to various requirements *** All black (units) have been manufactured and tested and will be on their way to you soon! *** Many units are shipping today (Tuesday) so some will receive tracking within 24 hours I (Iain) am backer number 3023, and I'm in the UK so I expect to be near the end of the Black right-handed shipments. I will post here when I get my notification, and trust that will be a good benchmark for us all :-) Just wanted to see if there was a time frame for our unit to be shipped? We might have been a little higher on the backer count but we ordered the black and wanted to see how close it was to being here. Thanks. same as the rest. Backed and expected delivery by 'June 2015'. Not a coloured or lefty option so would have thought it's on its way now. Any further update would be appreciated :) For eight days, the message "en route to DHL eCommerce distribution Center".But since two days is only "Tracking impossible".Where is the package now? Hi Zivix team, I received the package today without any accessories .who should I contact? Sorry to ask same question. Is there any kind of update on possible shipping? Lots of firmware and hardware updates which are only of interest when you have a product. Hi Olivier C, sorry I hadn't understood that from your question, my apologies! Thx Lian, i know what's an accelerometer, but this feature was supposed to arrived with the Jamstick + and it's not yet implemented, neither in the app, so i am asking Zivix any news... Hope I gets the shipment notice today or tomorrow :) Hello, please check on status of my shipment if you could. Thanks. Hi, Still waiting to received my Jamstick+ Would be delivered before end of June ... And no news ! Did someone received his own in France? Can't wait any longer :-) Hi Olivier C - here is a link to an article explaining how accelerometers work - it mainly covers the iPhone but has a good general introduction before that - hope it's useful... <url>#, not even holding my breath yet... long way to go yet. I'm sure it's worth the wait. :) Hi, I'm also wondering about my shipment. Just to see if it will be arriving to me anytime soon. Cheers! Where my jamstik is going? I received my Shipping Notice at 22.06.But for six days there is noting like "En route to DHL eCommerce Distribution Center".Bring someone the parcel there by bycicle? hi. is there a place to track when my stik is getting shipped? just wanted to put out a public thank you to zivix for getting in touch with me to address some issues i was having and assembling a TEAM in the email chain to get consults going and offering everything from calling me to giving me your private telephone numbers to saying upfront that swapping me out for a new one is the plan if anything at all is wrong with mine! LOL... the response has been completely unexpected - especially from a kickstarter. the response has been soooo proactive, i'm trying to dial down my end so i don't end up abusing your overwhelming good will! :) anyway, your first tip right off the bat helped a lot - upgrading to the latest ios version made the sound issues with the js+ app disappear and general response has improved - look forward to confirming a few things when you guys hit me up again next week. anyway, thanks so much for being more than awesome and if your goal was to foster tremendous good will, mission accomplished! have a great weekend. This may be me being impatient but I still have not received any notification about shipping and was wondering if there was a way to estimate when I might get mine. I appreciate any help. Thomas hey zivix! got your private email. thank you for the super quick response and willingness to dive in with me to play around with settings and troubleshoot my setup. really appreciate it. will follow up with you through email to figure this out. thanks again for not only a great product but for standing behind it so resolutely. so i updated the firmware and performance and sound is pretty good! unfortunately, not on the jamstick+ app though! those guitar sounds are REALLLLLY anemic and does not at all put the jamstick+ in the best light! the electric guitar sounds in garageband sound terrific though and even things like putting your fingers down for a slap/stop are better handled in it. must confess that i'm a bit disappointed with the latency. i've found it virtually impossible to play any kind of fast, constant rhythm guitar on it. is this pretty much the limit to how tight the latency can be? if so it would be good of you guys to note it that for fast picking or fast rhythm guitar, the latency is enough to be a real impediment for fullspeed play. i think i'll still find it useful for midi input work but it's not quite the electronic guitar i was hoping for. Hi Andy Holmstom - Right-handed means that you strum/pick with your right hand and use the left hand on the frets to create the chords - so you should have ordered the default right-handed one. Sorry for my ignorance but I just got an unpleasant feeling that maybe I assumed to know right from left (silly me) and asked for the wrong type of jam stick :s Can someone pls explain witch is the right and left version? I am right handed and want to play with the guitar on the left side of my body, what type should I have ordered? Got my Jamstick several days ago. Awesome!! I'm enjoying this AMAZING piece of technology. So is my 8 year old son and another adult. What a well made product and a campaign here on KS that oozes integrity: THANK YOU!!! @ DJ Celtus - sorry, also can you let us know how long between getting your shipping notification and the actual delivery. I'm trying to set appropriate expectations and limit my excitement ;-) Hi @DJ Celtus - how did the process go with the importing into the UK? Did you have to pay extra for Customs & Royal Mail? Just received my Jamstik+ cant wait to try it out! Thanks Zivix team! :) Just unpacked and tried out my Jamstick+ and seem to have run into a problem. Connected with Jamstick+ app and did firmware upgrade, no problem. When I go to the new JamTutor app, my instrument changes from classical guitar to 12 string. I can't seem to get the new JamTutor to provide options for Classical or Roundback guitars. When I go back to the Jamstick+ app, the guitar is back to Classical. Am I missing something? Regards, David Oh my god, would you babies stop whining? Zivix said in the campaign, and has always been clear, that you would not be taking delivery of your jamsticks until early July, late August, depending on what you bought and where you are. This isn't Amazon you're dealing with here, and 1-day shipping was never promised. Stop cluttering up the comments with all this noise about shipping, so Zivix has enough time in the day to deal with real problems. Where is my Jamstik? CC is billed been a long wait, I feel taken here as we never get replies Mark in AZ Can you let me know when you are shipping my Jamstik please, to London. Thanks Hey I wanted to know where I am in the shipping line I ordered two jam sticks Hey guys, i have not received any notification of shipping ether. I do live in South Africa, and i am aware that some tracking numbers (like UPS for instance) don't work here. So please just let me know when it does ship. I CANT WAIT ANYMORE � Hi I haven't received any shipping notification as of recently so I'm wondering if it'll show up soon I still have not received any response as to how I should proceed without having BLE on any of my devices. I have an older macbook pro, don't own an ipad and use android for a phone. Am I out of luck with this thing? Can I get a refund? Was an early backer and have still not received shipping notification. What is going on? Refunds coming? I was one of the first 100 backers and I haven't even received a shipping notification yet. Any ideas as to when it's going to ship? Any info would be appreciated... thank you! Hi Peter Allen - I feel your pain! I'm in the same position as you and I'm in the 3000's - so you're not the last in the queue. Might be last but one, but, you know, you're not last! ;-) I am screwed. I was backer #148 but because I bought it with a softcase and I'm overseas it seems I'm at the back of the queue. I am eagerly waiting for Jamstik+ and chose black ones as they are promised to arrive early.. Is there a time horizon by which all the instruments are shipped. If my product is going to be delayed to July, I would love to change it to White. Please let me know about the shipping status. I was one of the few backers whose jamstik+ didn't work because of the firmware that compromised the jamstik+ connectivity or something like that... I'm waiting for the replacement, even though there was this unpleasant issue with mine, the team has responded fairly quickly, hopefully the replacement works well~ The jamTutor app was just updated on my devices! Arrived today.....was not sure what to expect but so far I find it fascinating and well worth the investment. Takes a little practice learning how to hold it but I think that comes from me actually playing guitar. Wired speakers and headphones work best otherwise expect a delay. Can't wait to start trying all the other special effects. Cool Ass Instrument!!! Got my Jamstik+! Questiong regarding the Real Wood engraved onlay kit, is this gonna be sent separately? As I am backer #1017, I should be qualified to get that stretch goal. Received my shipping notice!!!!! yeah!!!! I come from Europe May I know when international shipment take place? My Baker number is 205 @Jeff, I've been using the jamstik+ app along with the "Justin Guitar" beginner course. The jamstik+ app will still recognize chords as you play them and show you where your fingers are. Hope this helps. Hi @Zivix, 90% of the reason I got this was to learn (something I've always wanted but could just never latch onto traditional training), but this app update for JamTutor... :( Is there any other learning opportunities I can do in the meantime? Any update on when in July the blue units will ship? Backer 400, not received shipping confirmation yet, what gives? Backer 800.....received shipment notice.....getting excited!!!! Still have no update about my shipment yet, can someone please advice. Thanks Finally, received my shipping notice an hour ago. Great job @Zivix! Can't wait to play it when it arrived... Today I have received the email confirming the shipment of my Jamstick+. No doubt, Zivix is doing good business. Congratulations @creator for achieving the plan on time! I would like to see good planning skills in other kickstarter projects (I'm still waiting for 2 years delayed projects) So excited that lefties might get it in July!!!! Yay! Thanks For the hard work! Can't wait! Can I get an update on when I will receive my Jamstick? I was one of the first 200 to purchase but have not received any notices on mine being sent. Thanks Has anyone posted their opening of their Jamstik? Would love to see pics or vid. I am an early bird backer, ordered black without bag, haven't received shipping notification yet... When will I get my Jamstik+? @Adi Julianloo - I'm in Kansas. Did you return your backer questionnaire? Also, I ordered black so if you wanted one of the other colors maybe that could account for the delay. In any case I suggest messaging Matt on here--he was very prompt and courteous when I contacted him a month or so ago. @Dan, where are you located? I'm an early backer in West Coast and still haven't got my shipping notice... Whoa I just got a shipping notice, and my backer number is pretty darn high (mid 2000s I think). Honestly I was figuring it might get shipped in late July but looks like instead I'll have it in late June. I've backed a few KS projects that shipped later than estimated... never had one ship early before. Kudos guys! I´m also a early Bird Backer .I come from Germany and I didnt received my Stick. I`m an Early Bird backer...Anyone else from the UK or Europe received their Jamstik+ yet? Reading about other backers getting their jamstik+ has gotten me pretty excited to work with mine. Do we get tracking numbers when they ship out so we know when to expect it? @zivix thanks much for the info. yeah, would love to beta test the 64bit ios 9 version when you guys put it together. just let me know. So will it damage the Jamstick to try to set it up before the forthcoming firmware fix? Msmid - you do not want to put your personal address etc on this comment section .you may want to send them private message instead. To whom It may concern: I thought I was going to move by the time my order shipped. However, my move was delayed until june 29, 2015. Instead of shipping to 2255 S. Birch Street, Denver, CO 80222,Please re ship to (if shipped for delivery on or before June 29, 2015): 5775 W. Dartmouth Ave., apartment 4-202, Denver, CO 80227 Or Please re ship to (if shipped for delivery on or after June 30, 2015) 2255 S. Birch Street, Denver, CO 80222 Or call me before shipping to confirm delivery address. Thank you, Michael Smid 720 203-9123 Sent from my iPhone On Jun 12, 2015, at 3:02 PM, <email> wrote: Dear MSmid, Your Order #457 has shipped via USPS Priority Mail 9405515901411202899355 Please note it may take some time for the status of your shipment to correctly display online. Thankyou for your business, -The Jamstik Team Not receiving yet, no tracking number either. Got my jamstick+ ! Thanks zivix for being so Johnny on the spot with your deadlines. A lot of companies drop the ball on this, crowd funded or not. Just wanted to let you know that I'm running a dev early release of ios9 and the jamstick app crashes as soon as it is launched. Also, any attempt to use garage band with the Bluetooth midi sync functionality crashes garage band as well. Are you guys aware of this issue? It's an unreleased os so I'm fine with waiting for a fix but hopefully, this will be sorted by the time Apple launches the os proper. Played around with it a little bit on my friend's iPhone and I confess that it sounded pretty crappy - like someone playing a real guitar with their fingers not pressing the frets fully. Maybe this is something that the aborted firmware upgrade was meant to address? Anyway, I really want to like this so hoping for some good updates soon. Thanks. LH, thanks. You know I read the update, but misread part about JamTutor (cranial flatulence on that one). Emily- the creator said the new jam tutor is not available yet- waiting the okay from the Apple. Got my Jamstik+ yesterday and think it is great. Took a few minutes to realize that you have to switch what the sound is after pairing it with the App. Like Mike below, I wasn't able to get JamTutor to work, but I'm still a happy camper and know you guys will get that fixed. :) I picked the regular black model but my backer number is a high 2631, I'm in the UK, and I'm a troublesome lefty as well. I assume that means August (sigh), but any thoughts on whether that means early, mid or late in the month? #patienceofagrasshopper Anyone from Mexico or Southamerica that has already recieved the Jamstik+? I'd like to know if you're paying extra fee (import duty) and how much. Do the Kickstarter Jamstiks not come with strap or battery? Mine didn't. Can't wait to try this thing! I received my Jamstik+ today. Thank you for delivering so quickly. This is the first Kickstarter/Indiegogo that I've seen actually delivered on time. I briefly tested it but did not attempt to upgrade the firmware. I'll know to hold off until the next firmware release but would suggest you send another update out to inform others who may not be checking the comment board. Received my Jamstik+ about an hour ago, It was very nice to actually have it come in some form of after KS packaging. My first Jamstik was delivered in a plain white box. You wouldn't even know what was in it without opening the box. Will be waiting for the firmware fix before attempting to use it. Thank You @Zivix for again running a KS campaign successfully! What if you're not satisfied with your new JamStik+? Very happy to have received my Jamstick+ today. It works nicely with the Jamstik+ app but when I open the JamTutor app, there is no option to choose bluetooth like in the tutorial video. Is a new version of jamTutor still pending? Tried for an hour but my jamstik doesn't work, nothing was showing up under wifi... hopefully it gets fixed soon :) Exact same problem as Tai. iPhone won't acknowledge the device anymore and all I see now is the red indicator light. @Zivix I'm backer #1017 but my pledge is the Early Bird one which will be delivered this June. Will I be expecting the same? As I haven't received any shipment mail yet. Thanks! @Zivix what does "requiring strict specific guidelines" mean exactly? Does it mean, they are waiting for all the manufacturing of international orders are completed before they bother to ship anything??? Hi there My backer no is #287 When can i get my jamstick? Cheers Philip Im in New York US. Tai- may I know where is your location? @creator - is there anyway to get tracking number? Hi. I just received the guitar. Im having problem after the software update, the LED stays red and not allowing me to connect back to the phone Thee best kickstarter project I have ever backed. Awesome updates and communication. Thanks! I'm curious about how strings work? They will have to be changed sometime won't they? If so then do you need special strings to do so? Sorry if this question is already answered. thanks for the answer, I'm up for it! :D How do the woodchucks work? Are they optional/removable. I ordered the blue jamstik and I am uncertain how it would look with it on. I appreciate the wood inlay surprise but more important I appreciate the regular updates for your backers. You know how to run a kickstarter plan. Appreciate all the hard work and thank you again First Day backer... got my shipping notice - wahoo! Mine has shipped too! Thanks @Zivix! So has mine! Mine has shipped! WOOHOO! Thanks @Zivix!!! SO EXCITED! I have backer #77 but haven't seen the unit yet... Apps look great! Can't wait to get it and use them. The jamTutor looks a little stretched on my iPhone 6 plus, but that's just nitpicky. Time to jam!! � @Remiam: Thx for this Info! @Zivix: Mine is #3281, i'm a last second backer ;) Will i receive the shipment before Mid of August? For anyone asking about backer no. If on a PC/Mac go to your backer history and it should show. If in iPhone/iPad at the bottom of the Jamstik+ KS page click on View Pledge and it will show at the top. Backer no. 3 here not that it is relevant though! Is there any way to know what my backer number is? @Zivix ? would so love a backer # and update, this was my B-Day present for April. I think I ordered very early? @Zivix @Zivix, Any chance I could get my backer # and shipping estimate as well? :) as others have posted...No problem if not, I know you guys/gals are pretty busy right about now! You can disregard my question found the answer in your FAQs. @Zivix, Any chance I could get my backer # and shipping estimate? :) No problem if not, I know you guys/gals are pretty busy right about now! Idk if this question has been answered or asked, but I'm wondering if for us backers that are not apple users will you be making the app available on the PlayStore ? So how do I know what my backer number is? As backer number (fill in some huge, really big, number), I'm pretty excited too. As long as I have it before my trip in August, I'm a happy camper... :) @zivix. I'm so thrilled that the end is near. As backer #314 would you think I'd be I the first shipments? Hoping hoping... Thanks for all your hard work, I can hardly wait. @zivix I am moving July 10th. Do I need to change my address on my survey form? I was just wondering if you received my survey results? I look forward to getting this in my hands.... Hey guys, do you know the exact date you'd be shipping out the jamstiks in June (I'm an early backer). I just want to make sure I give you the appropriate address. Thanks! How do I know that I'm listed in 1,250? How fast is the shipping? I`m moving to Canada in early August and i would like to know if the Jamstick would arrive before to Chile? Best wishes! Rolando @Kelly - Stop what you are doing and play some air guitar for a second, don’t think about it, just do it. Did you strum with your left or right hand? If you strummed with your left hand you should play left handed, and in the same way if you strummed with your right hand you should play right handed. Simple right? Another easy test is to watch how you clap your hands – the hand that does all (or most of) the movement is the hand that you should strum with. People often assume that your dominant hand should be performing the “more complex” fretting job – however I generally have found that this is not the case. In my opinion the picking hand needs more precise coordination than the fretting hand. The shipping charge for 50 buks is too expensive. Please reconsider it, thanks. Can someone confirm what is the different between the Left-handed and Right-handed jamstik+? If I use my left hand to play the fret board and my right hand to strum the strings, does that mean I should order the right-hand jamstik+? thanks :) @creator I never play guitar at all so I m not sure what different LH and RH mean for guitar? I am RH writing or do most of stuff. B/C of the VAT and Duty fees, I need to receive my Jamstik+ as a gift, same reason as Gareth. Sorry that was supposed to say "fret-based". I have a weird question, my apologies if this has been answered before. As this is a digital instrument it's impressive that you're supporting bending and vibrato if I understand correctly. In addition to that, does the instrument support harmonics like a standard guitar (both feet based or pinch harmonics)? Just curious as I'm not even sure that would be technically possible. Really looking forward to getting my Jamstik+! I backed a black Jamstick+ with a case, but the Blue looks ****'! Can I change colors? DJ Celtus, I don't think you can use a traditional pedal for Jamstik+, but there are some pedals that work trough iOS apps. I would try Jamstik+, +Sampletank, +Audiobus, +JamUp app (as effect), +AirTurn Pedal. <url>"reward tiers" for the different agreed levels of funding. There is no contract agreement for you to supply a product, but there is a contract for you to honour the "reward" for that particular tier of funding commitment. No where does it say that the funding is for a product or that a contract in made that specifically states that you are "purchasing" goods from a retailer/seller. So I am now actually thinking that what I put in my original message is correct, as this is a "reward" for backing the project - not purchasing a product. The shipping therefore, could/should legally be marked as "Gift" as no money has been exchanged for the item. There will still be an element of VAT on the item dependant on how much Zivix wants to insure the item during shipping, but it wouldn't be as much as the full VAT on a purchased consumer item as you would value it at cost (not rrp). Please could you seek further advice on this and let me know if you could mark the item as "Gift" this way. I already own your original Jamstik and love everything about it... can't wait to get the +! Any more info about the competition give away? Are we still on time with the June delivery schedule? Will there be any difference in the cases for the original jamstick and the jamstick+? I didn't pick a pledge with a case, but now I'm thinking that was a bit of a mistake. Would buying the current case be silly? Alternatively, would there be a way to buy a new case and have it added to the shipment when it goes out? I'm a lefty so I know it won't be soon... despite planning on a black model. :-/ @Gareth Johns + 1 Well said, sir. Totally agree with you. In all fairness that's the smart thing to do. Congratuation! I'm looking forward to choose a color of Congratuation! I'm looking forward to choose a color of Thanks for the clear explanation. Black will be just fine! July would be nice too. @Peter I think Zivix would rather you message you directly about this issue because every case is slightly different. You can click their name logo on the Campaign page then Contact, or just click here... <url>£135. Waoh... What's this about having to pay VAT on my jamstik because I live in the UK? I didn't buy a Jamstik.... Did I...? I thought that we were backing a worth while project and as a "reward" I am being sent a jamstik as a gift from zivix... I never purchased a jamstik, if I was going to do that, I would go to the zivix website directly and put in my pre-order. Zivix, please confirm that you will be sending my Jamstik+ as a gift, not as a purchased item. How's the result of the competition? Zivix, thank you for your answer about certification. In this case I prefer to wait until you certify Jamstik for Russia if you plan to do it. I believe our customs will never let me get it without EAC. And they won't send it back to you. They will confiscate it as simple as it is. What do you think, how long certification process is going to take? Trying this again: I ordered black as I wanted delivery ASAP, but later I noticed that us lefties will have to wait until August anyway. Will I be able to change to a colour when I make my lefty choice? G'day Zivix. Any news on the results of the competition? When you ship to those outside the US (Singapore) could you please list the plain value without adding the postage? We want to avoid paying extra.. Congratulations Zivix. I am very excited about Jamstik+ I have a regular acoustic guitar but never got to use it as I couldn't find time to go to a class. I guess I will finally be learning to play beginning this June. Dear Zivix, if Jamstik certified for Russia? I guess that certification for EU does not work in our territory :( Congratulations Zivix, a result well deserved! @Keith; Good call, that`s something which i hope they can make possible. I'm so looking forward to this! Congratulations. When you ship to those outside the US (certainly for the UK and EU) could you please list the plain value without adding the postage? I know there's no legal way to avoid VAT and duty, but it's galling to pay that on the delivery charge too. I don't want to pay specifically goods-based tax for a basic service! ZIVIX! Congrats! I can't wait to get the Jamstik+! The original Jamstik is awesome already! I just had a quick question. Do you still need to have to jamstik app open then switch to another app for the jamstik+? Hi, guys! Congratulations! I have some worries about shipment. I'm from Russia. Have you ever ship to Russia? Was that experience successful? I'm not sure about our customs rules and VAT. It's too bad they won't be shipping inside the EU from an EU address. That could probably have been a way to avoid people getting hit too hard by extra cost. I ordered black as I wanted delivery ASAP, but later I noticed that us lefties will have to wait until August anyway. Will I be able to change to a colour when I make my lefty choice? Congratulations! 16 x your goal is a real success. Good luck! Congrats, cant wait to hold that thing in my hands and see you folks growing! However, the delivery to EU mind become an issue. DJ and Ron already mentioned that it would be great to name it gift, as it really is one in my case. You think you will make the promised dates of delivery? Cheers, Max @Ron van der Vorm; I`m in the same position, get ripped off here in the UK when buying products from the US. Import Duty+Packaging, then pay VAT on the duty, packaging, insurance costs. PLus to make it even worse, there is also a hefty administration surcharge from the courier or postal service for holding the item due to outstanding payment of the customs duty. I find it hard to believe that Zivix as a company would risk altering or misleading the shipment documentation as it is an criminal offence, and could face serious repercussion for doing so. But wishful thinking. However, we are all going to get bitten by it sadly. Congratulations! I'm really proud to be part of that team that helped out with Jamstik+! And I believe I'll be proud much more when I will hold my white Jamstik+ by my hands! First of all - congrats! Looking forward getting my hands on it! As for the earlier statement about import duty/VAT handling for EU backers - can you do us a favor? If you put the word "GIFT" on the package before shipment - there are more chances for EU backers that the package when entering the EU Customs will sent it through without charging extra VAT. Can you confirm this can be done? :-) Amazing... Well done to everyone! So happy to be a part of this and amazing to see the project unfold. So what's the plan for the Jamstik 3? :) Shared on Facebook! Congratulations! Now, I can hardly wait to hear updates of moving to production. Awesome campaign. Cheers to you all. congratulation :) One last "eleventh hour" share for the project... to the local musical instrument shop.... hoping now they'll jump on board. :-) @Creator - Thank you for the answer. 9hrs to go! Another question, for the lefty mode, is the bridge symmetric and reversible? Will I be able to re-string to right-handed mode if I decide to give it to someone else later. Thanks again! Woohoo, 10 hours to go. Jonesing for my Jamstik+... can hardly wait! @dethpickle & @Zivix: imagine having custom neck and faceplate with the different frets, that would be interesting and becoming a modular system. Even violin players might be able to use this. maybe a next development? Why is shipping different prices for different support levels of the same product? It is $25 for the early bird 48hr level and $15 for the non 48hr equivalent. Why are early backers being charged more? Almost in the home stretch. Hey Dethpickle, you do realize this is a MIDI controller right? No? Looks like you guys and gals at Zivix are going to peg the $800k level. Truly astounding!!! @Zivix - Regarding Bass settings - this is something I'm definitely hoping for. I've looked through the old comments and support forums for the original Jamstik and have been content to be quiet about it because one support comment basically said - "if there are specific tunings you're interested in, we can do that. Arbitrary user tunings would be more difficult." With that being the case, I've figured you either would ship with or would quickly add bass style tuning. Basically, every string tuned in 4ths with a low B. BEADGC It'd make the jamstik a nice, portable 6-string bass. Precisely why I got it... that and to doodle with learning guitar. Could you add a small dot on the 3rd and 5th frets to replicate a real guitar? I understand you can't cover the IR sensors on the actual fret board, but could you put something down the edge of the neck maybe? I stuck little stickers on my original Jamstik and it really helped (I'm a guitar learner) Anyone here making custom skins for these beauties? I'm impressed! 173 Jamstik+ units donated thus far, for those of you playing at home. My guess at end of campaign is 201 donated. :-) Does the jamstik+ have an 'aeroplane mode' so that it may be used on flights? Shared on Twitter :) How is the import duty/VAT handled for an EU backer? Just wondering if there there is a bass guitar setting for it? I got one of the jamstik+ The SmartGuitar early bird ($199), can I add an additional Custom Soft Case to my pledge? I thought it will be easier to carry it if I have one of the case... Thanks! How do I know wha number of backer I am, and what stretch goals I qualify for? I am absolutely stoked on getting these! @Zivix Some more of your pledge levels have sold out, that don't yet have the banner on them. Just letting you know. <url>~ Wow, totally awesome how this has gone, and love that Jamstiks are going into educational settings. Can hardly wait for the campaign to end to get my Jamstik, but also enjoying the ride and watching it grow. Shared on Twitter (and Google+ for good measure) Can't wait to see what the white ones look like in person... Good luck everybody. 150 Donated!!!! Yes! 149 donated!!!!... What's the stretch goal??? Doing math we are at 141 jamstik + donated, we will reech soon the 150 mark. Let's imagine what the new stretch goal could be. Tweeted support.... <url>"share two, get one free" special today... So I also added it to Pinterest. I am looking forward to learning how to play guitar, a free jamstik would be wonderful. shared on FB as well. can't wait to get mine. Posted a Twitter link Cool beans In specifying a lefty model, will the buttons be moved to the other side of the Jamstick+ so that they appear topside (or are there any plans to do so)? You mentioned the strap not being ideal; could you please elaborate? Zivix contacted MassiveBeatzz and politely requested the title of his YouTube review be changed. He kindly accepted. Case closed. Thanks REQUEST.. Please message MassiveBeatzz to revise his YouTube video review of the JamStik. Message him here.. <url>"ON'T BUY" Video Review is here <url>"don't buy" conclusion in the title to the video...And says this.."thanks Christopher for this really detailed piece and resources. Much appreciated - does make sense, and I had a feeling that that's something that will eventually get smoothed out. Piano worked a lot better than Massive. I think Jamstik could be a great tool for composers/producers in the Virtual Instrument Arena with Logic, Pro Tools, Ableton, Maschine etc - on top of iOS functionality! I'll be sure to keep following!" COMPLETELY OPPOSITE TO THE VIDEO TITLE!! Please write this guy and request him to revise his video. SIMPLY UNFAIR and is discouraging people from considering this fantastic device. RMM Will the jamstick+ be able to upgrade firmware? I know there is a big difference between the jamstick v1 and the plus I that the plus now works with Bluetooth and not just with wifi giving us more options and that, it has a gyroscope now, but to make it more plus, wouldn't it better and more advance to have a digital screen to see were he have set the octaves and to better see of other settings instead of guessing or better yet a touch screen? Or can we do this on the apps? This needs a pad below the strum chords or body to tap on so we can start learning songs like the ones played on candyrat.com by Antoine Dafour or Andy Mckee Is jamstik+ compatible with android? Just backed and super excited! Any way I can delay shipment of mine? Silly question I know but I will be moving sometime in July. Thanks again!! I'm hoping this does the trick for me I've tried to learn guitar for years but I have no sense of rhythm and just could never play songs well. I want to play very much but totally lack talent. I'm psyched to start learning guitar with Jamstik+, but I'm wondering if you've got plans to Jamstik-ify any other kind of picked string instruments. Banjo? Mandolin? Bass guitar? I'd love to expand my strumming horizons with your future product(s). How is the lag for this device? From what I heard from previous jamstik reviews, there is a small but noticible lag from strumming to sound playback. This is very important I would also like to back the other 29$ stuff, would appreciate to know how to do so i have already backed the 279$ pledge. In addition to that i need to back 29$ or more for t-shirt and other stuffs. But, i am unable to choose 2 pledges. can anyone clarify? Are you guys ever going to be selling your jampacks in the near future? Can th people who backed your jamstick+ buy a case for it later or on your website? Are the batteries interchangeable between the Jamstik and The jamstik +? Come on Zivix, tell us more about the accelerometer motion control please ! I'm excited for me and my 7yr old! we have guitars and base g's but they are too big and too heavy for her, so I think this is perfect! plus we have neighbors above and beside us, so we don't get to play as much as we want, and not at night (grrr). I guess the only thing is I'm stuck to iphone now (i was thinking of switching to android before), but that is not a problem :) This user's account has been deleted. @eike f. hübner The apps can run on mobile devices that run iOS 7.0 or later. With that said, the minimum device the app can run on is an ipad 2. For best graphics and performance it is recommended to run on an iPad 3 or later. I am not aware of graphical issues for an iphone 6. If you think it is a big enough issue, maybe send some screen grabs to <email> so it can be addressed in an update? I am looking forward to this. I wanted to learn playing guitar for so long. I really wish for this might be cool (and easy). I downloaded the apps because I was curious. Function-wise it looks ok, but there is something wrong with the graphics. Text is not crisp, images are distorted. Everything looks very pixelated. It is bad on iphone 6 and worse on ipad 2. Could anybody confirm? And can the creator say something about this? Thank you. @Alan The creators have addressed this in some earlier posts, but essentially the answer is yes - they are ready to go on other platforms as soon as those platforms can support the low latency MIDI connections they need. @Ruth Previous comments from the creators mention that they will be addressing the Lefty question very soon. I am confident that they do intend to support a lefty version - stay tuned! The Jamstik is definitely worth the wait!! Any intention to support android and windows devices? @Joseph Nacionales yes, the interactive lesson apps are free Jamstik* Just checking nut are the lessons for learning to play guitar free when you buy a jamstixs very excited to get into this jamstick. going to be practicing some jack johnson... Are they going to create left handed Jam sticks? I think I can answer myself. The problem that I observed with a midi keyboard is that I can't emulate the hexaphonic polyphony of the strings. That's why I suppose that the main advantage of the Jamstik+ as a midi guitar is the addition of a hexaphonic pickup to having not only the note but also digitalized vibration of each string on the MIDI format. For the emulation of palm-mute technique I suppose that the mute button will be used for, but after all if you have the hexaphonic pickup you will require also to stop the vibration of the strings. I'm not very good playing music with my guitar or midi keyboard but enjoy it very much. For me as many others music is part of my life how I understand the world the emotions and many other feelings. When I left my parents home ten years ago I took with me my guitar but I left there amplifiers and other big stuff and replaced it with a external sound card and a software for PC to use as a amplifier. I know there are several options to connect the real guitar in the Ipad / Iphone but after all I always find a excuse to not to take out the guitar of the case and find a place where not to disrupt to my wife playing music. Then I saw the Jamstik+. I know before about midi guitars but many of them don't use real strings and are more like a keyboard in a guitar form. Ony one question @Creator. Does the Jamstik+ (and the properly software) give the same audio possibilities like a real guitar? I tried to play string instruments with a midi keyboard (with expression pedal) and find always that the transitions doesn't sound like a real string instrument because is not easy to bend, palm muting techniques or other guitar techniques. Maybe is a noob question because I didn't try before any midi guitar only midi keyborads. I'm very eager about the Jamstik+ and really want to have it here to start learning again and playing again with the music. Thank you! Congratulations for almost reaching 100 donations. If accelerometer and motion tracker are added, what can we do with them? Can u show us a kind of simple sketch?? @Timofey Lukinov The jamstik has an app you will be able to download for free to configure features of the jamstik such as tunings, capo, and assign shortcuts to the dpad. I hope there will be possibility to play jamstick in different guitar tunings. I understand that it charges via micro USB, but can it play through that too? My primary computer right now is a PC with no Bluetooth and I still want to record. I have a pre-amp if this had a standard jack on it. Looking forward to more information about left-handed capabilities of jamstick as well! :) @creator Thanks for the info! 851762-0050 is a nice category, looks like one of those 0% ones. So only VAT and handling, which is around $70 in my case. Helps with budgetting :D Just wondering if the Jamstik works with an EBow? Can't wait to get my jam Stik in July. Hopefully something will change in the coming months and we can all get them sooner. It's been a amazing experience watching this campaign grown and do so well. That being said The Rex Foundation is vote for donating some jam stiks. Good Morning Jamstik world! I just wanted to take a minute to say "THANK YOU!" your support of music education. As a music educator, I am truly excited about the possibilities that the Jamstik can open up for my students. Yes, it is an amazing tool for the accomplished guitarist. Yes it is an awesome MIDI controller. But for me, it is the perfect key to unlock that first door to playing fretted instruments for my students! Jamstik is finally allowing me to create the classroom guitar lab that I have been dreaming of for years! The value of a tool that can provide immediate feedback on fingerposition is priceless. That it comes in a durable, compact, affordable package is perfection. The apps are well designed, totally interactive and engaging. I've been able to begin introducing Jamstik to my elementary music classes on a limited basis and it has been a wonderful experience for all of us. I can't tell you how excited my students are about the possibility of having a full lab next year! Again - many thanks to Zivix and to all of the Kickstarter backers- your support for music education is greatly appreciated!! For those of you who have wondered if Jamstik will teach you to play guitar - I can't say that it will do it for you, but it will give you the perfect tools to learn at your own pace, in your own space. You'll be mastering your favorite songs in no time. And you'll never outgrow your Jamstik - it will always be the perfect travel companion to keep your chops sharp. And when you are ready to start writing your own music and experimenting with your sound, it is still an amazing MIDI controller! Reviews of the 1st version often describe the notifceable lag between the time you strum the Jamstik and when it shows on the ipad and making even jam tutor game in accurate. How does the newer version improve on this ? Does it matter if I use an Ipad2 vs the latest iPhone 6 or Ipad Air 2 etc i.e. How does performance of the ipad/iphone impact the Jamstik+ experience ? Can't wait any longer!!! @Creators, could it be possible to have pictures (or renders) with the different colors with the wood kit. To help us decide witch colors we choose. Thanks. And same concern with other backers with the handling of EU shipping, VAT etc I have a few questions regarding shipment of the product, I hope someone would be willing to answer them. From which country will the Jamstik+ ship? All from the US, or will you ship rewards for EU backers from within the EU? And which company do you use for shipments? I assume the TARIC code will be 9207.90.1000 (electrical guitars), but could you confirm? Trying to work out how much will be added for duties, taxes and handling fees – it might add up quickly ;) While I've got your undivided attention makers of Jamstik... I love your product, however, from a professional guitarists point of view, in the future you should consider making a Jamstik model with not five frets but seven frets in neck length. The reason is you would then be able to do hammer-ons on the neck in triplets ala Eddie Van Halen's tapping technique. Adding two more frets you would be able to do hammer-ons in ANY musical scale. And if you ever DO create such a model, I want to be first on your mailing list. Looking forward though to my five fret model. @ Oliver Meads "While the jamstik+ apps are developed in cross-platform code, Android platform compatibility is driven by hardware and Android's prioritization of MIDI and audio. Until these issues are resolved universally through future changes to the Android OS, it's a compromised affair." For more information, please see the FAQ. Is there any thoughts on an android app? Will save me having to steal my wife's iPad! Another lefty checking in. I would ultimately prefer being able to restring it easily and either flip the pickup around or flip the polarity in the software. Also; hows the delay with BT4.0 on an iPhone 6+? @PemrichT If you check jamstik.com, click on jamstik>compatibile apps for a list. @Susy Sánchez The strings are real guitar strings and can be replaced. Company site has replacements you can order if by chance you do manage to break a string. This may be a dumb question but how durable are the strings? what happens if by some reason a string breaks? can you replace it? I almost passed on this thinking it was a toy and then learned that it is EXACTLY what I've been looking for in the studio. (this video on youtube was what sold me on supporting your Kickstarter project <url>� Hi, awesome idea, I've never played guitar before, will it be easy for me to learn with the Jamstik on my own? I can't wait for my Jamstik and start learning!:) @Vincent Mah. I have the original Jamstik from their first campaign and have had zero problems with transport. If this one is similar in construction then it is built sturdy and solid. Hey all, Matt from Zivix here. Thank you so much for such a positive response and turnout today! Wanted to let you know that we'll have a detailed FAQ up tomorrow and yes, there will be stretch goals.. keep the ideas coming. Vincent, the jamstik+ is quite durable but we love the case to keep it clean and it provides a good home for it. You can always buy one from our website later on if you don't want to decide now, but it's a pretty good deal here. Talk to you soon! How fragile is the device, is a carrying case a necessary accessory? How about more detailed pictures on the carrying case. @Remiam: thank you for the answer! :-) @Alexandra Herzog. I was told by the creator that there would be a software switch capability for left handers and to watch for info in the FAQ coming soon. Hello! Great product! Would it work with a left-handed person? :-) One of the stretch goals should be an Android app This user's account has been deleted. Sure is a much different start. Awesome, with out even trying the campaign was fully funded.... Can't wait to start practicing.... Just wondering will there be any stretch goals?