Still not received and no news even after he says he will send a new one ! Mike is a crook, takes the money and delivers on nothing. Lesson learned. hi, it's november. just saying hi Don't feel bad Alex. I was one of the early birds so in theory should have shipped first right. Yea... That didn't happen. Guys a scumbag who doesn't respond to my multiple attempts to contact him. If he wanted 11 grand free and clear why didn't he try gofundme or indiegogo? oh shoot, i missed november. hope you don't mind. just saying hi cuz you know....it's december! Happy holidays everyone! oh HI, just saying hi you know.....cuz it's september.....and i still don't have my keystack. but you know, just saying hi oh HI, just saying hi you know.....cuz it's august.....and i still don't have my keystack. but you know, just saying hi Oh well, he suckered us, live and learn. This is the second key organizer I've got screwed on ! just dropping by, my last post was in december of last year. it's may, just saying hi Chris, same with me. Tried getting another $30 or something from me, this man is not trustworthy - I just lost $50 on this. Mike K, if you want to make this right, contact me via PM. Already March with no key. Christopher, I did the same thing as you and nothing with no reply. He wanted me to send him another $25 so he could send it registered. I already paid this crook for something I haven't received and he has the balls to ask me for more money. He said he's mail it but that was a couple of months ago. He's a scammer and this has turned me off of backing any other projects. Enjoy my money Mike, you are a crook !! I suggest all of you to get on the band wagon and contact IC3: <url>ír Sklenář Prague, Czech rep. You're a cheater and a thief? Return the money!!!! Vladimir Sklenar Prague, Czech republic I WANT MY MONEY BACK! I have requested that my product be shipped 3 times.....still nothing. Also, I am really happy with my flashlight version Key Stak! It definitely looks like something "homemade", but it is, so it's perfect! I love the color, and the clip is great. It's got ALL the features that make it better than ALL the competitors! I had given up hope of getting it and bought a Keysmart in the meantime, and I will never go back to Keysmart. If my Key Stak falls apart one day (which seems far off) then I will fix it or try to replicate it on my own! It's that much better. I am really sorry to everyone who hasn't gotten one. If anyone want to make their own I can upload pictures of the inner workings so you can replicate it! (The flashlight assembly is SO simple! The only difficult part would be making the housing for the flashlight parts, but if you are a member of a Makerspace or some such, you can 3D print one!) Let me know if anybody wants pics! Section 4 of the Kickstarter Terms of Use says : "If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: --they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; --they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; --they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; --they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and --they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." Almost all of these bullet points have been fulfilled, except giving us a detailed explanation of what happened to all the money, or offering to return it to anyone who didn't get a reward. I would certainly appreciate a clear view of what went wrong (where the $ was spent etc.)!! It also says that this is a legally binding contract, so if anyone who didn't receive a KeyStak would like to resolve this situation ---> Find a way to contact Mike DIRECTLY and explain to him the contract, that he needs to COME BACK to this page and give us all a GOOD EXPLANATION and make the situation right [or else you will file charges]. :) @Vlada, I ordered one with a flashlight, you can have mine. i won't be using them for anything except as a reminder to be more cautious. At this point please just refund me my money. What really bugs me here, is that, let's say, half of the backers got the rewards and there are no money for the unlucky ones? C'mon, if you know you are running out of funds, treat everyone equal. I haven't received my key stak yet either..... Sent an email weeks ago to the new gmail account and still no response. I was an early backer and never received my key stak. I haven't complained yet but this project was just a huge let down. It seems like less than half of the backers received their rewards and there has been no records posted as to where all of our money has gone. If Mike were to show that he put our money towards the project in forms of bills and receipts I would be fine with a failed project. This lack of transparency and honesty is a little troubling though. P.S. I seriously think Mike wanted to give us all what we asked for, and that he just got overwhelmed. I know it's happened to me. I still regret the one time when I was doing an internship at age 19, something came up in my personal life that I had to go out of town for. I completely forgot to let the people I was doing the internship with know I wasn't going to be in the next week and I shamefully never contacted them again out of repeated cycles of forgetfulness and increasing fear/shame! :( We all make mistakes! It's frustrating, but I think Mike deserves the benefit of the doubt. I also think that Mike is less likely to put in extra effort to resolve the issues of those who insult him :P I got mine in the mail just now!!! Yay!! Thank you Mike! I am sorry you had so much trouble with this project. I hope you appreciate the support we've given, can understand our frustration, and can forgive the people who have lost their tempers (as well as that they can forgive and understand you!). I still love the idea you came up with and maybe will modify the one I just received to better suit my needs. I wish you better luck on future projects! Thanks again :) You must be seriously stupid to think that this is not a scam. To take the backers money, not deliver the product, take communication offsite and than ask for more money to than deliver?!? It's a scam. I really want my keystak! I have been so supportive, Mike! Please send me one! Vladimír I really want my keystak! I have been so supportive, Mike! Please send me one! You must be seriously stupid to think that this is not a scam. To take the backers money, not deliver the product, take communication offsite and than ask for more money to than deliver?!? It's a scam. I have received nothing, but is anybody here who received it? Still have not received the 2 Key Staks that I pledged for. Have tried contacting Mike through Kickstarter and though email on multiple occasions. Still no reply. Casey Hunt, this is directly from the terms of use for kickstarter. This page applies only to projects launched on or before October 18th, 2014 at 11:59pm ET. Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward. I agree that this is not a scam and is an extremely poorly run Kickstarter project. However, under the terms of conditions in which the creator operated under, the conditions do state that a reward must be fulfilled or a refund is to be issued. Your argument that this is a risk as an investor is correct. However, when you purchase a product, money exchanged, it is a requirement of the company to deliver the said product. If, however, the product does not reach standards or expectations, then that is the risk involved in investment. The same argument can be directed at the creator. The creators know the risks of starting up a Kickstarter project. They understand that there may be complications that arise in their project and should also understand that if things do not run as smoothly as they initially planned that it is a risk involved and must work around it. To folks that have not received their reward: This isn't a scam, it's just a poorly run Kickstarter. You should also know that Kickstarter does NOT guarantee you any product whatsoever. Stop your threats. Stop your whining. This is part and parcel of the Kickstarter process. You are, by definition, taking a risk in sending your money to a project. Like any investor, you are not guaranteed a return. Calm down. If you really want this product to enrich your life buy a KeySmart instead. It's $20, commercially available through their website and if you send money, you'll get a product. Stop complaining that a project you sent money to didn't work out- sometimes that happens. This is kickstarter, not amazon. I did finally receive my reward and additional Key Staks. It wasn't worth the wait. I reported this project to Kickscammed and will take it down when financials for this project have been received. It bothers me to hear that some people are being asked to pay for shipping, when technically they already did. I did not pay for additional shipping and I don't feel any of you should have to either. The materials and finish on this project are below expectations. I'll have a full write up on my blog with pictures Monday the 29th. goodcompanyinpa.blogspot.com Never received here in Australia. No response to emails either. I haven't received mine either, sent him a measage but never got any reply Same email received 2 days ago: "I can ship you another one with tracking for $24, Let me know if you would like to do that. If you would you can Paypal $24 to <email> and I will send you another one with a tracking number. " I think this was a scam and Im very disappointed... I have not received mine and you have responded to my email either. I am not going to pay you more money for something which I am hearing isn't worth the money. I would also like to address my concern of whether or nor upgrading all of the people who had originally planned to receive a metal keystak might have caused the problem of not having enough money. Between this project and another one I am involved in I have lost faith in Kickstarter. My understanding is that you did nothing but receive parts and put them into bags to ship. If their were problems with the company which you had providing your machining that is something that you should have addressed with them. Also you should have informed backers before running out of money. I do not see that being a blindside if you were keeping an eye on your funds. The fact that you are asking backers to give more money so that you can give them an item which we are hearing isn't worth half of the original cost is just downright disrespectful I can buy a key stack from another company that has a good reputation for less than you are asking. I have also not received my Key Stak. I also got an email that now the creator wanted more money for something I have already paid for. Search for "key stak" and you'll find my post. It's not worth the effort or expense of class action. Kickscammed is looking more like the place for it. We should maybe do a class action against him I think we are a lot that not received the stak I count around 100 so far and it's 390 backers !?? Same answer here : I can ship you another one with tracking for $24, Let me know if you would like to do that. If you would you can Paypal $24 to <email> and I will send you another one with a tracking number." From the FAQ section: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. ---- So I ask all of you, that have not received a Key Stak, is asking him to open the books a reasonable request. If he ran out of money, I'd like to know what he spent it on. Cost over runs can't be avoided, but if he made and shipped these items, why wasn't he able to backtrack via shipper to retrieve those items sent? He's not going to get another cent from me. Has anyone reported this to Kickstarter? I received Mike response !!! "I can ship you another one with tracking for $24, Let me know if you would like to do that. If you would you can Paypal $24 to <email> and I will send you another one with a tracking number. " What the Fxxk ?? I've pledged $20 for the key stak and $5 for shipping already. and now, he is asking for another $24 ????? What can we do ??? Yeah, I got a response and I don't believe it. "I can ship you another one with tracking for $24, Let me know if you would like to do that. If you would you can Paypal $24 to <email> and I will send you another one with a tracking number." Seriously? I really don't want to be respectful and considerate to this guy. Has anybody gotten a response from him at his "new" e-mail address? This was a scam. Never got my product and he does not respond to email nor to messages. Due to the amount of the money collected and the amount of people that got scammed I am going to start a fraud complaint with IC3. First of all, sorry to those that haven't received theirs. I've had mine for a few months now. It's falling apart. Initially it worked great but now I have to tighten the screws on a daily basis to make sure that my keys don't go running off. The casing is chipping even though I'm fairly gentle with the product. I give it another month before it breaks beyond repair. Pretty disappointed with the product. I can only hope that it's just my standards that are not being met. So what do we do when we get no replies or products that we paid for? Is there any place we can report scams? I've still not received mine. This user's account has been deleted. I have sent multiple messages over the past month with no response. Very disappointing. I have not received mine so far. And as i see it i wont probably receive anything. Very disapointed. Anyone received one? No communication at all. I have yet to receive mine and updated my address with Mike. He messaged me saying he was going to send "another" Key Stak to my new address. That was at least a month ago and I have not received anything. Doubt anything was sent in the first place. Very disappointed. This is my first Kickstarter project that I have funded that has for lack of a better phrase, completely screwed me on the promises made. Overall the word unprofessional is an understatement. Do we know if anyone has received them? Mike, this is my 3rd text here, any word on the status of the 2 Keystacks with lite and clips I ordered? Thanks Email me back at <email> By the way I have the plain one. Still not receive mine in Canada left 3 messages so far, no answer. I'm soon filling for fraud. ok........so far i have sent Mike 4 messages starting in may 13 all the way to yesterday, august 25. so far, no key stack, no answer to any of my messages. I'm usually not the one to complain publicly, but this has gone too far. i'd understand if no one received theirs, but seeing that a majority already received the product, i don't understand why i have not. Communication goes a long way Mike. Delays happen, that's understandable. But you need to communicate that to your backers. Still no response to my messages and still haven't received mine. no reply to my messages and no key stak ether. From a response dated August 3: Hi Bou, I am still in the process of sending out the flashlight Keystacks, I had to have more raw colored carbon made which takes a while, and the it still has to be machined I'm doing the best I can with the resources and personal money I have. The project absorbed all the funds raised and now I am paying out of pocket for all the replacements and shipping. Mike --- Am I evil because I don't feel bad for the guy? Anyway I haven't gotten an update since then. I suppose he still has to go to his 9-5 and we are a weekend project to him. Beginning to think that March 2015 is when he'll finally wrap all this up. Or instead of spending the money to make something, might be less expensive and save his reputation by issuing refunds. Credits for the next KS isn't going to cut it. I've been quite patient, but seriously this is out of control. Please respond to all of us. Thanks. --bou Hi, I'm still waiting on my keystack. An answer soon would be appreciated. Mike, any word on the status of the 2 Keystacks with lite and clips I ordered? Thanks Email me back at <email> Still waiting for a package or a reply to multiple attempts to contact. Not...particularly thrilled. no key stak, no reply to contact on 8/8 startin to look like a scam to me. Still waiting for package and for a reply. still waiting on mine Have not received mine either Sent you a msg as instructed and got no reply and no key stack =[ Still waiting on my order........... Hey Mike! I still haven't received my Key Stak yet. Jakob Nothing here ether. Vladimir Its been almost a year and still have not gotten it. Did you lose all the orders or did you just take our money and run? Vladimir Prague, Czech rep. I have not yet received my order. Just a note: I had received my Carbon Fiber KeyStak and was very happy with it until yesterday. Yesterday, I pulled my keys out of my pocket to find that the bottom screw was gone and the two keys that were once on the lower section were gone as well. Thankfully, I had a key hidden so I could get back into my house. But, you can imagine my feelings when finding I didn't have the keys anymore. You might want to rethink this one. Yeah it sucks - i was really into the design. I've been really patient thus far, but now I don't think he's even bothering to answer. Most cases you have 30 days to register a complaint, but their are some back channels you can use to address the situation. Unfortunately, KS is terrible at addressing them. If we keep at it or bring attention to it. Maybe he will answer. I take it that he got in way over his head, and either busy trying to cover his tracks or make it right. I hope for the latter because at this point, I will not be backing any future projects of his. Amazon Payments and if you paid for extra Key Staks, Paypal. I've started already. Good Luck. The non-communication is a major factor in my reasoning for complaint. Is there a place for formal complaints? I'd imagine kickstarter has a blacklist or something... I've left messages and it seems like he just stopped answering. Looks like he took the money and run.. Maybe he delivered a couple of cheap items to cover his tracks... Spring, Texas here and still nothing! My first kickstarter fail.. /face palm Its been almost a year and still have not gotten it. Did you lose all the orders or did you just take our money and run? Mine has yet to arrive and I'm moving. I need to update my address. I'm going to send you a message with the updated address. Hope it reaches you in time. January, February, March, April, May, June, July, ......August ......???????? Vladimir Prague, Czech rep. Nothing here ether. Prague, Czech rep Did anyone order one with a light? Nothing here. Mine has not arrivederci either - Prague Czech republic Nothing here ether. Texas. Mine has not arrived either - I'm in Massachusetts. Mine has not arrived either. not yet here Anyone know where we can buy smaller bolts to fit smaller keys for the Key Stak? Thanks. Still no response And no product Where can we place formal complaints with kickstarter ?? As a follow up, I recently received my <url>"an unhappy person" you may not like what he said but he's not the only one saying these things. i ordered mine in december and am still waiting i think that you need to understand this is an unacceptable length of time to wait for something so simple. I wish you luck on your next project but do not start to talk to your customers that way if you want anyone to support you later on. This user's account has been deleted. Just got mine... I agree with all the other comments; this is junk. Low quality, thin, pitted carbon fiber. Wrong diameter pin. Edges are sharp and jagged. Looks like it was just cut and never sanded down. I'm glad I didn't pay much for this. If you are at home looking forward to getting your key steak don't be. Within a few minutes of opening mine it went in the trash! First thought is it's cheap but hey I waited long enough to not remember if I paid 10, 15, or even 20 dollars. Kind of scary I usually have a great memory when it comes to money. Next thing I noticed is that this thing looks like it'll only hold four keys but maybe six I have eight that I need but still I gave it a shot. The third strike though! The lugs on this little piece of shit have too large of a diameter! Of my eight keys that I would have liked to have put on here only three would have fit. Mike did you really test this product at all? None of my schlage keys have a large enough hole to go onto the key stak. Seriously? One of the most common keys in the US doesn't fit! Tell you what Mike if you give me a refund I'll go outside and pull this shit out of my trash and oh send it back to you in 5 FUCKING MONTHS! You are such a joke! Yes, I'll have to find new barrel bolts with a smaller diameter. Also, the "spacer" mentioned in the details of the project is also needed if you carry more than 5 keys. Right now, it seems the length will hold maybe 6 very thin keys or 3-4 thick ones. Also, this thing would really benefit from nylon washers placed in between the keys to provide enough friction to hold them in place, yet allow them to fold in and out smoothly. You can finish the carbon on your own if you're so inclined. This is good info, though. I was going to give these as a present and knowing that, I'll be ready to address those issues when I receive them. Smaller diameter barrel nuts shouldn't be too hard to find. In summary, the fit and finish of the whole thing feels rather cheap. -I hope non of you bought this as a gift. It was literally thrown loose in the large padded envelope and shipped. I don't care about fancy packaging, but some sort of smaller sealed basic retail style bag would have been nice. -The gloss finish on the carbon has pitting all over it (looks as if its been used for a year even though its new.) -The edges of the carbon are unfinished (dry carbon). I actually like the look of dry carbon, but leaving the edges unfinished makes them rough and catch on the fabrics of your pocket. Eventually, the carbon fiber will start to fray from the edge. -The barrels between the plates that secure the keys are very thick. Only 2 out of my 8 keys have a hole diameter larger enough for them. This means I would have to drill out the holes on the rest of the keys, and buy/cut new blanks for the plastic keys. This is a pain in the ass and I'm not sure if its even worth it to me. I'm just a bit disappointed because I feel could have made this in my garage from spare parts in about 20 minutes (carbon and all) with smaller diameter bolts that would fit a larger variety of keys. I mean Its just 2 bolts between 2 rough CF pieces. ( I pledged for the basic Keystak only.) Im not going to get upset over it because it was only $20. Maybe I had too high standards after waiting several months to see the product in person. Nonetheless I do appreciate the fact that I actually RECEIVED A REWARD. Unlike other similar kickstarter projects which are a year overdo and without any updates (keyonpod). Anyway, thanks Mike Kamber for following through on your rewards. Zain can you be more specific, please? Got mine. Pretty disappointing to be honest. Hey mike, just got my key stak and it's great! Just what I needed. Although, I'm pretty sure I ordered a bottle opener too through paypal and it wasn't with my key stack. Let me know what you find. Thanks. Best, William Frederick Thanks for the update. Shawn O'Brien has obviously never undertaken a large scale project like this before. Patience is a virtue which we all need to practice. I have been eagerly awaiting my Stak and am super excited that it will soon be on the way! Thanks for the hard work Mike, can't wait to see how it turned out! Are you shipping the led version too? It is now June and I still have not received anything What is going on?? Still have yet to receive my key stack with led's. Did you rip everyone off for $50? Hey Mike, This project was funded several months ago. The materials were sourced domestically, and no one, except for your friend Josh, has indicated they have received their reward. I dont want to call you a liar, but the reason I don't have a Key Stak right now has nothing to do with the USPS. This is not a USPS shipping mistake. This is not a, "I moved my shop" issue. You screwed something up. Either you priced your reward levels incorrectly and/or you underestimated your costs, or you spent the money on something other than this project. It's one of the above, or you just simply don't care about delivering this project to your backers in a timely manner. Whatever it is, it's your fault and you should own it instead of becoming aloof and updating once every three weeks with some runaround malarkey. You have offered us a credit towards a future project of yours. Honestly Mike, how can you possibly imagine that anyone involved in this project would be interested in giving you more money than the few bucks they gave you for this Key Stak? This item is as basic as it gets. It requires 7-10 pieces to create any iteration you offered, none are moving parts, and 4 are a nut or a bolt. You received funding for this project in January and literally no one has a Key Stak. This is not a shipping issue. This is not a, "I moved my shop" issue. This is a Mike Kamber issue. I wouldn't get your hopes up when you decide to hit these backers up for more of their money. I'm sure that now more than ever I am certain to never receive a Key Stak, but that is okay. I'll take it on the chin to voice the frustration that I'm sure most of your backers feel right now, but might not be willing to express due to the fact they hope for a chance to one day actually have the product they backed and thought was a pretty cool idea. Good luck Mike, Shawn O'Brien I recently just moved to a different apartment. I have forwarded my address, but I was wondering if you would like my new address to prevent any confusion. Let me know what the best course of action is. Thank you, Peter O'Reilly Any news on when the black non-led's will ship out? Any news on when the colored stak will go out? Hey Mike, Based on the lack of people posting that their reward has arrived, should I assume the black non-led's didn't ship last week? @josh how does it look/work? My address is changing how do I need to proceed Yep, mine arrived. Has anyone received theirs? Mr. Kamber said they started shipping last week. Everyone got upgraded to carbon, scroll down a few posts and you'll see Mike's response to this question. what is the status on the Aluminum Key Stak with the LED Flashlight What is the ETA on the above? Thx James When are you shipping the key organizers? I keep waiting for an update or any word at all about the shipment. Thanks Any plans on shipping this item soon? Been waiting way too long... This user's account has been deleted. That's a pleasant surprise. Do you want me to go kick some factory butt? Mike, what's the deal with the aluminum versions? Have only heard you talk about the carbon ones. When will those be fulfilled? How does this affect the aluminum Keystacks? Hi I am wondering when the normal black carbon fiber one will be shipping out? Regarding those who initially bought the regular carbon fiber, are they being sent or will take longer to do so, as well? Thank you If I change my order to just the black carbon fiber would I be able to get it any sooner? If I change my order to just the black carbon fiber would I be able to get it any sooner? Still nothing, non information. Are you serious? Any updates mike? Any updates????? Helo Mike! ????? can we get an update please Any updates? Hoping one of these can work... Have you been able to figure out the problems? Take your time and do it right. Hey Mike, do you have any updates? any updates? Are we still looking at products shipping this week? Any word on shipping? Hey Mike How is production coming along? Any pics of the first couple units? You guys have any pictures of production yet? Have you guys started production yet? Hi mike, how would I go about adding the bottle opener? Mike I backed this project almost from the get go. Love the concept and can't wait to receive my Key Stack. I'm sure you are inundated with orders at the moment. And I'd love to fill out my survey, but not knowing the colors of the aluminum is stopping me. If you could update with these color choices so I can complete my order that would be much appreciated. Is the pattern labeled as "Orange" on update 5 the same as the first pattern in the image on update 4? They looks significantly different, even on the same screen. The one in update 4 looks much redder On my phone it looked like the dark green was actually black on the survey. I just saw the update from today but there is no black option. Can you post a photo of the black carbon fiber color? Yes, it would be great to see the colour samples with name labels, before i decide which one i want. Hey Mike. do we all still get the bottle opener for free? I noticed that it is still an option on the survey. Also Can you label witch color is witch from update #4 Thank you Any pictures of the aluminium colours? I would like some accureate color sample too before doing the survey :D ALSO, the question about if we would like additional upgrades; how do we go about doing that? Thank you! Also, the two "reds" are NOT the same; the pattern is different! Plz post accurate pictures! :) The color options on the survey don't correspond to the color pictures! Hey Mike, I'm looking at the survey and it's asking about colors...You really need to put up some color samples before we can select which color we want. I ordered the carbon fiber Key Stak and added an extra $10. $6 for the bottle opener and $4 for the pants clip. Will you know that that is what that extra $10 is for? Thanks Just saw Update #4 at T-13 seconds to go. Thanks, Mike. :D Looking forward to getting my KeyStak. The red on on the top is the coolest looking of the lot :D On your latest update. The colors seem to be different than the ones in the previous update. Is the first one red or is the second to last one red? (On update 4) Orange, Blue, and Red. So, you're going to be sending out a poll in addition to the Backerkit survey? So, looking at the pic in Update 3, Mike, are the colors being released starting at the top and going on down? Meaning we now have red and, um, light blue?, plus black, as our options? Then at $12K, Indigo?, yellow, and pink are added. Then at $15K, the remaining : orange, lime?, grey, and blue are added? Just thinking new people might take into consideration based on what color they want. Aaron, if you noticed in Update #2, Mike said per request he changed the openers to an add-on, as opposed to the original stretch goal. You can add one for pledging higher. The stretch goal was changed to carbon color options. We all get bottle openers now! Stretch goal #1 met. Awesome! Can't wait. I may have just missed it buck will it be extra to get a colored carbon or will it just be a choice like with the other Do you have an idea of a timeline once funding is complete? 6 days is nothing (or even now that it's down to 4days). Heck, I'm following some campaigns that add stretch goals in the final hours. ;) Seriously, though, MIKE - how is the colored carbon fiber looking? Any updates since your suppliers reopened on Monday? Excited..... Isen't a bit late add a stretch goal with 6 days left? How about an update? Like those stretch goals you mentioned you would be announcing in the last update which is now 3 weeks old? Honestly this project is starting to feel abandoned. You have already raised 3 times your initial funding amount but if I don't hear anything soon I will be canceling my pledge. If you can't take time to update I have no faith in your ability to actually deliver anything. So are there no longer any stretch goals? Hi I don't see the answer to the question of how many keys can be held in a single Key Stak. I'm looking for something my employees can use to manage the 50+keys each of them carry and use daily. Hi Mike, Quick question, if I wanted to get 2 aluminium Key Stak's (both with pants clips) and I am located in Australia is the pledge amount $43 or $48? How do we add on the bottle opener and USB? Hey Mike, How have you solved the problem of the barrel screws accidentally loosening up or coming unscrewed? I know that other Keyring designers have had problems w/ Chicago screws. Hey Mike, Great project and I can't wait to get my carbon fibre key stack, afew questions though: How easy are the keys to flip out? I've had issues both ways where it's either to hard to flip out the middle keys are unusable or so loose they undo in my pocket How many keys can this hold maximum? And do you have an approximate delivery date for the UK? Can't wait to get my hands on this it looks amazing =D Hey Mike, Great project and I can't wait to get my carbon fibre key stack, afew questions though: How easy are the keys to flip out? I've had issues both ways where it's either to hard to flip out the middle keys are unusable or so loose they undo in my pocket How many keys can this hold maximum? And do you have an approximate delivery date for the UK? Can't wait to get my hands on this it looks amazing =D Hi Mike! What's the diameter (metric please) of the screws that you put the keys on? Can you please upload or send out an update with pictures of the aluminum prototypes when you get them? I can't decide if I want aluminum or carbon fiber ;) Copy that. Thanks Mike been looking for something like this thanks. If I want one carbon fiber and one alumni how would I go about this. Kickstarter will only chose one. Hi Mike. Just backed your project. Looking forward to receiving it and using it in the UK. Keep up the hard work and good luck with everything. Perfect, also do you have any prototypes of the aluminum style we might be able to see How does the pocket clip hold? Does it spin at all on the screw? I applaud Carbon Fibre!! (i've got several items from Michael Sargent) Way to followup the first campaign. Pollenator, that's a nice Zombie Avatar!! I had been playing around with scrap materials trying to get a flashlight to work. Can you give more description (and pictures) of how it fits in there and placement of batteries, the On button, etc? Curious how you solved the problem.