I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project team, I would like to invoke my rights under Kickstarter's terms of use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I would like to get a full refund. expecting also not to receive it... i too request a refund... Any chance of getting the reward or a refund? Tried to contact several times, but no response... I also have never received my reward... Please refund my money via Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." The posting I want my money back doesn’t work. This guy scammed us all. It’s total bs and the only project I have ever back that has taken money and not sent a product. I have not received my reward... Please refund my money via Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward... Please refund my money via Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. bastards I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward... Please refund my money via Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward... Please refund my money via Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Question: Has anyone who has “declared their rights” actually received any money back? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund the entirety of the amount I pledged. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. 3 pledges on Kickstarter that didn't deliver. Never backed a project after this. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my Rights per kickstarters terms of use- I demand a full refund,n <url>"Project creators are to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaign or refund any backer whose reward they did not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Yup I'm sad to see that this project is going nowhere. I was really looking forward to this. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. SCAMMMM i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I'm sad to see that this project is going nowhere. I was really looking forward to this. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I'm sad to see that this project is going nowhere. I was really looking forward to this. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I'm sad to see that this project is going nowhere. I was really looking forward to this. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. What a f****** scam. What a joke this website is. This was my first and last kickstart. I tell everyone I know to avoid this website. I tell them if you pledge, you might as well throw your money in the garbage. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Pretty ridiculous that you guys took the money and ran. Glad I paid for your vacations and got nothing in retype. i invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Another failed Kickstarter project... glad to have these sorts of reminders around in my backed history, to remind me why I never throw my money away again and just skip Kickstarter altogether, especially since creators don't care who they rip off and Kickstarter doesn't care about backers at all I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. No chance, but I'll add my name to list! :) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. I never received anything. Shame. Please refund. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. This was a scam I'm requesting that you refund my pledge as it seems at this point that you cannot fulfill it, or are unwilling to. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Terms of use are here: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Kickstarter SCAMMM REFUNDDD @creator REFUND!!! REFUND!! REFUND! Yes refund out money you FRAUD KeyonPod creator. I'm still waiting for my Refund. Whether Good Karma or Bad Karma will befall you depends on your next decisions. Beneficial rewards or ill gotten gains will be repaid many folds. Please choose wisely. I request my money to be refunded. The creator disappeared into thin air. I wonder if any backers happened to bump into him. Putz..... Did someone ever get a refund? After all this time it might be good to start a small class action on behalf of the 1,058 backers, and also get Kickstarter involved. I'm requesting that you refund my pledge as it seems at this point that you cannot fulfill it, or are unwilling to. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Terms of use are here: <url>"pocket aluminum keychain"...doesn't look half as good but should function the same Wow can't believe people still hope this will deliver... Anyone been able to communicate with creator? or better yet get a refund?? There is too many campaigns like this and I don't see kickstarter doing a damn thing about it. We should start a class a law suit together. This was the first and last project I backed on kickstarter. Wish they would help get our money back but they are too busy getting more people to use the site to line their pockets to care. I also used the link from the FTC. I doubt that the money ever will come back. However, maybe it helps that crowdfunding itself remains Kind of save. Hmm just wondering - What happens if the creator of this project....... got into an accident and is unable to access the internet, work on his project or provide us with any updates? When will Kickstarter start knocking on this guy's door? My concern for his well-being is very sincere. Creator, are you okay? Still alive and well? Will do. Thanks for the link @Vincent Wong Let's do this. The FTC just prosecuted its first Kickstarter scam campaign <url>#crnt <url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Can't think of what else to do since Kickstarter won't take action on this, so I've reported him here: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 I have quit kickstarter every since I have been scammed by so many projects here. So disappointed as most of them had so much potential. Lost so much money in kickstarter. Mr. Tran, Cal Poly Pomona should give you a little lesson on business while you're working on your engineering degree. Be honest and transparent with your customers. Another Kickstarter had an issue and is issuing refunds to everyone. Step up and make this right, buddy. I should've contributed my money to the potato guy, at least I get a reward... Lose? No. Was it stolen? Yes. Did we lose our money? Protip: NEVER fund on Kickstarter unless you accept the risk of throwing away money. Instead, order the product online AFTER the project has sent out its rewards. That's what I've done with other projects and I'm very happy. I'LL NEVER FUND A KICKSTARTER AGAIN AFTER THIS MESS. Only $80 in the toilet... Bueller?? Why doesn't anyone step up and take responsibility for this disaster Fled? Fugitive? Report him to the FTC (Federal trade commission). Since they received our money via the internet, this is considered a federal felony. Thus he has committed 1,058 felonies, each with prison time and massive fines. I am so sick of getting ripped off on Kickstarter, thus I no longer buy from anyone that I have not used before. This is bullshit... How can one get a refund for this? I'm sure by now it's safe to say that we should be compensated because of the 'project creators' lack of product and desire to supply it. I've only just discovered these comments and am so relieved others feel the same way. kudos to @Peter Sesto on your commentary. Sadly, I'll only back things by people I know from now on. Hope kickstarter establishes more stringent guidelines as things like this happen. Toby, there's been scams all over the place here-you just haven't seen them. There have been people working with a fraudulent company called Alloy Everything, who are essentially college students working together to steal money creating fake products here. I don't expect a refund from Kickstarter. There is a risk with every project one backs. I'm bummed it was a good looking item. That said, karma is for real and this guy will have his day. I think at this point we should get a refund from kickstarter, if not everything at least a part of it, the part of the money they earn on this project, or even one little comment ! Otherwise, that just mean they passively admit they collaborate with this scam and they approve it. In any case, the silence from kickstarter is just unforgivable (they are aware of the scam, a lot of us tried to contact them without any answer that I know of), and that's a shame for real projects that a lot of us will never back... I am glad I asked for a refund within the first two weeks of this project ending. I had to email him multiple times. I think his intentions were real, but money disappeared quickly. I could really use a key holder right now... :( Yes, kickstarter should return fees it's collected to backers. Out of 28 projects- this is the only con-artist I've backed. Kickstarter is still a safe place- this coward is an exception. Got my lattice-it's wayyy better than this crap. So up to date I've gotten 4 different key holders from makers that have made it on here, and still screwed from the most money on this project. I'd like to say the others have made up for this one, but we were all royally screwed. wow...this totally sucks I'm with @Sancoli I will never back another project on or for Kickstarter. There attitude that they don't check backgrounds of the creators and it is ALL our job to research. Some of these people don't have a presence elsewhere on the net and if they do they aren't always truthful. Now I know why they hooked up with Amazon to receive payment. If it was Paypal they go after the person(s) if they don't follow up, provide services or the product isn't what was advertised. Yes I know they we are backing an idea, but you know Kickstarter is getting their money so they could care less. I plan on reporting the whole site and the jokers that can't get their acts together to my Congressman, Senator, Better Business Bureau, Consumer reports and anyone else I can think of. I also believe some States have laws that have issues with this kind of practice. I believe my ratio in funded vs receiving a finished product is less than 50%. My very first venture I funded was in 2011 and the guy works and does all the advertising art for a very prestigious institute in NY and yet to date the only thing anyone received was a lousy postcard boohooing over how busy his life is and how he's still working on the project and that was a year and a half ago. Now why would anyone be suspicious of that? Oh and he had quite a few friends back him for a considerable amount of money, so I have done investigations on my funded projects. I believe something doesn't smell quite right in these here parts. ::cough:: BULLSHAT! ::cough:: ...SPACESHAPPP! Isn't there a process in the USA to arrest someone for stealing over $40,000? Do we know where this fellow is really located? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. cash back now Kickstarter made fees on this. They should return all of those to the backers. It's unjust for them to keep it. I pledged $80, got nothing. No way to get the cash back now... @Peter Sesto Too bad, the best part about this project, was reading your comments! All the best. Backers can now use this form to feedback to Kickstarter: <url>"If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form." ..if you feel?!..share some feedback!?..It's all here in black and white! I do however feel that the other 1057 backers need to fill out the form. Please. F.U.C.K. tung. Alerted yet, KS?? Shame on Kickstarter for letting scammers get away with this kind of behaviour. It certainly doesn't give Kickstarter any credibility. I feel sorry for the genuine projects as I for one will never back anything here again! This was my first backing on Kickstarter and most likely the last... Lost $70 to this scammer! Ok two more weeks and we can TOAST our first anniversary of nothing. By the way, sorry about my last rant. I had a few jiggly pops Yikes. Lots of this happening now. Radiate athletics, myidkey, an now this? Kick starter really needs to do better background checks. We were scammedtwice: first by Kickstarter... then by the bastard petty criminal. Sad. KeyonPod was to be a birthday gift... one year ago. Kickstarter doesn't care, Kickstarter doesn't take any responsibility. They should put that on the front page. Anyone doing a class action lawsuit? I lost 80 dollars to this scammer. U piece of shi t. U are TOAST. I will be in CA and will track u down ...And there goes his website...I give...<url>"Alloy Everything" listed. It produced: <url>"Tung" down via Tessrand.com. The domain is registered through hostgator, there are no Registrant details pertaining to "Tung".. He doesn't exist, could be anyone. On a side note, the website is due for renewal in a few days. Can't see that happening, add it to the pile of (burnt) toast Out of 49 pledges this is the only one which is confirmed toast... not a bad run here on KS Has anyone in the states called the police or something? or is internet scamming legal nowadays? Why hasn't anything been done? The video has Tesrand's face in it, it shouldn't be difficult for the law enforcement to track this scammer down. This is just bullshit. Kinda of funny. I backed only one project on KS and turns to TOAST @Phrig, Thanks, you efforts are very much appreciated. I have sent Tung multiple direct emails and have not received a single reply. He has not even logged into Kickstarter since May 27th. I think that he thinks he can just walk away and keep the money. It very much is about the principle of the matter. We can't have people increasingly take advantage of crowd funding sites to just take money and walk away from it. I also really wish that Kickstarter would start taking a more active role as it has become an increasing problem. I am limited in what I can do as I am not in the US. Even if I don't personally get any money back, I just would hate to see him get away with what appears to be a planned con job of sorts. Again, thanks for your efforts. Susan Alamo's got the right idea. Together with my daughter (who is an attorney) we've already begun several processes to report Mr.Tung. It's not about the $30 I/we had pledged individually... It's the principal of cheating 1058 people out of almost 43K of their hard earned dollars. Buckle up there Tung... your ride is about to get bumpy. Kickstarter take their cut. I think kickstarter should at least give back their bit to each backer. Just submitted this to the CA Attorney General. I plan to report him to CA tax authority and the IRS. He showed us pretty pictures, but never sent any of them out. I am a disabled, USAF, Gulf War era veteran. I am a member of the crowd funding website "Kickstarter" I backed the following project: <url>"why lie,... Need money" I would have respected that more than seeing the hopes of a product that has potential instead of being hung out for $60. You put faith in people they do nothing but let you down. I don't know if this is karma on me, or if karma is on its way to Tresrand, or however it's misspelled. That should have been my first clue, I guess. So disappointing..... *if I'm not going to receive the product, you at least owe me the CAD file for my $. Post up a link to Dropbox containing the CAD files for this thing and I'll get my capable engineer friend to run it through his machines. I showed him this project and he reckons it's pathetic to be taking so long. I'm about to just start posting interesting articles on here so people at least get SOMETHING. Didn't have toast this morning, but looks like it's inevitable... ;) YES!! Peter-it's about time for that avatar -_- Really sucks to be a part of one of 'those' kickstarter projects. Who would of thought a freaking keychain would be so much of risk and a challenge for one person to complete. KeyonP.O.S. Today, I woke at 5am. In work for 6am and haven't stopped, even for lunch. After almost 12 hours of hard labour, I still managed to type this update. Get the point... Looks like I may need some more TOAST. Well here's an update. Dr. Oz says Rye bread can suppresse appetite. This is great for those battling the bulge. So, off to TOAST some rye bread. Can we please get another update? Specifically, it would be good to know when you will be shipping the first batch of KeyonPods, presumably to the "Early bird" backers. That would be great as a confirmation that these are being produced and getting impressions from those that receive the first batch. At the very least we need you to communicate ! Soon we will be TOASTING, one year of nothing � � Hey Peter can I have some toast? Wheat is preferable. Last update is closing in on 2 months. You alive there bud? Should have opted for the "ship as parts" pledge. Lol I would like to cancel my order and get refunded. Tell me when you can complete this tast. Believe it is easier for you to deliver the product. I have to say that this is not the oldest project I'm waiting on items from at all. I have about 4 and they are all still going to get done. One was an anime production and I even know the person doing the blu-ray authoring for the company that put it on kickstarter so I know that is okay. Another is a board game that is just taking a long time but will good updates showing real progress. One for a wood box that is again taking forever, but the backers get regular updates. Then last is a video game that just has a long development and the creator put that upfront so no delays in that one. I still have faith that we will see the product, but who knows when this year that will be. I'm thinking we should rename this project to: KeyonVapor - The most beautiful key management that you'll never have... Check out, K-Addict, no toast there Robert, your Toast is on its way Please use a postal service like USPS and DHL, UPS or the like. And please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. Your product is a reward for our pledges. And please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too. Thank you and good luck with production and distribution. Cu, Robert Is that Tung (sic) in cheek Peter Sesto? Thinkin of having a bagel. Toasted of course Any updates? ... Let me know if you need me to send some to you. I promise it won't take a year to get to you. Ok. Im definitely feeling like some toast this morning. Maybe with marmite <url>"report this project to kickstarter". Now whether there is anything that can be done or not, at least maybe kickstarter staff will keep an eye on the project and advise the creator to define results more clearly or clarify SOMETHING. I'm already over the product-for quite some time now. All other key products I've purchased from KS makers have shipped in less than a week or so, and I'm very happy with my other experiences. I just want something to be done here. Anything. Also, I should have clued in about this with the typos in their company name and the website. Duh,... I think it would have been nicer if Tesrand just ask for money instead of the false commitment of a product that they have may made and never delivered. Why go to this much trouble, I don't know, unless this is a kickstarter scam. Has anyone found this product design out in the world? Are these stock photos from something else? I think I have rooked and crooked. It's just you Peter. Lol. You should try some marmite on your TOAST. Is it just me or is it starting to feel toasty again hi please ship my perk ASAP. thanks HEY PETER- YUR TOOOAST! ;D I have a mini tikey and I LOVE IT. Don't see how the keyonpod could be any better. The KP looks unnecessarily thick in comparison and the mechanism doesn't seem necessary. Anyone still looking for a key holder might want to check this out <url>"Project Update #12: Update March 31th, 2014" says that they lost their internet connection. You're telling me you couldn't hit up a starbucks or a local library to at least tell us that much? that was 6 weeks ago! I saw some of the comments on the update and I think it is important to remember that people trying to commit fraud don't come back to comment. That can be traced and obviously since he has the money he would just leave and not come back. The fact that he is here and posting is a sign that he is working on the product. I still really want this product and believe it will get to all of us and that we don't need to worry. If I was the creator and the comments were this negative at times I would stop logging on to check until the project is done and I would only post updates with images to show the progress. I dont think we are toast, but I do enjoy toast. Come on Tesrand, my keys are still jingling around here! Figured words of encouragement might bode better than a slating. If it's a flop, let us know. I'd still rather receive my KeyonPod though. :) or buttering burnt TOAST ... Last login on 27 March. Is it really that difficult to say a few words? A bit of common decency would go a long way. Then again, it's like flogging a dead horse. Jason ... I hope that you deliver my product.... or AH @Craig quote me correctly if you're going to quote me. I said "and really if you didn't pledge for titanium at the max your out 40 bucks... Boo Hoo". I know titanium gets expensive. And @Craig I am sincerely sorry that all 3 of your kickstarters have failed/been delayed. However, using the comments section as a support group is not putting money back in anyone's pockets. If it's important, you have an address(supposedly), you have name(supposedly), file a lawsuit, hire a lawyer that does pro-bono work. According to kickstarter a creator is legally responsible to deliver rewards to backers however kickstarter doesn't go after them. So your only legal options are to sue or wait until the end of the year when he claims he will be finished. You can complain all you want it's just not productive. P. S. Tung hasn't logged into kickstarter since Feb. 27th Yeah-if I wanted to give charity, I'd donate to an organization of my choice-someone who DESERVES it and will use it for the greater good-not some joe schmo. @Davis T - Me too buddy. But this Adrian guy seems to think losing 40-60 bucks is no big deal. If it was $1, I'd still want my product. Uhhhhhh Craig... I'm out of $60-not 40. Raw Titanium with screwdriver add on. It makes a difference to me. I'm not cheap, just pissed I gave a conman 60 dollars for NOTHING Sorry to post again, but this website <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Still don't think that's gona happen. This Tung Tran may very well be under an entirely different name-if you catch my drift. I think we know it's a scam by now, and a damn shame. I hate thieves. Still no update? Just called my debit card provider... they said since the transaction already went through and is no longer "pending," they can't do squat. They suggest i work it out with kickstarter/amazon (oh yeah like they're gonna get me my money back) or if kickstarter/amazon improperly charged me, then i can start the process of filing a formal claim which sounds very daunting... plus the answer is going to be: "you authorized the transaction, and agreed to the kickstarter terms when making the purchase." Total. Flipping. Bologna. Sandwiches. like i said 3 flipping months ago... I WILL NEVER EVER IN A MILLION YEARS, TO SAVE THE ENTIRE HUMAN POPULATION OF 7 BILLION PEOPLE, PLEDGE ON KICKSTARTER AGAIN. that's how upset i am. yup. I know what the difference between a lawyer and an attorney general is. However, while there are plenty of reports of people complaining to attorney generals, the only successful litigation towards a kickstarter creater was someone suing them. So, you either need a lawyer who will file a lawsuit pro-bono or file a class action lawsuit in which the courts will divide whatever funds they can recover among all the backers of this kickstarter. @Adrian You obviously have no idea what an Attorny General does. Maybe you should google it and educate your ignorant self. Ugh stupid lack of link. Http://kickscammed.com Guys that logic that it's not a big deal because it was a small investment is bull. Look at the numbers on Kickscammed.com. The total on the home page doesn't even include a few HUGE projects. So the total is well over 1 million in stolen funds @Jihong and @Craig I guess I got told, with retorts like "retard" and "dick head" I think it's time I leave the sand box and go play with the big kids. @Susan Have fun in small claims court. Does your lawyer charge by the hour or will he/she be taking a percentage of the 21 dollars you hope to recover. As mentioned before: Susan Alamo on Feb 1 Per update 10, you stated that you had 390 complete units. You stated that half of those were going to painting and the other half to shipping. I am an early bird and I certainly did not receive my item. What happened to these shippable items? In update 8' you stated that each unit takes 26 minutes to manufacture. In update 11 you indicate that you are working 12 hour days. This equates to about 25 units a day x 6 days a week = 150 units a week. Multiply that by 4 weeks; you should have around 600 more units. Following the same math, you should have 1200 units by the end of Feb. I am not real sure why you said that it may take a year to get these to your backer. I truly want to have faith in you, but as an early bird (who should receive their items first), I am losing faith. So, I think you should give us a real update. Just lay it all out. Your backers will have much more faith in you if you just tell the truth. This is the sentence I used in my calculations. "Our machines are back up running again and each Keyonpod (entire unit besides screw) takes approximately 26 minutes to make." So either send me the item or send me my money. @kevin You sound like you are the idiot that created this project. The CA Attorny general will happily check into this guy. So will the IRS. My guess is that he did not declare this income. From the looks of it you backed a couple loser projects. BTW, I will NOT leave this forum until one of 2 things happen.... 1) I receive my item or 2) the creator is in jail for fraud. AND yes, I encourage EVERYONE to file with the Attorny general. Not going anywhere any time soon.... kevin you just went full retard @Adrian I totally agree with you and think the people hear have the patience of a two year old. @Susan Alamo are you serious? Please tell me you are joking. You are trying file charges? Are you about to declare bankruptcy because of backing this project. Just give it a rest okay. You lost money because shit happened, learn from it and never come back to this site okay thanks. @ Adrian Not sure why you feel it necessary to indicate people are cry babies. Whether it be a few dollars or 100.00 it is irrelevant to me. However too many people it is. The major issue everyone has with Mr. Tung is the fact that he will not update anyone nor is he doing anything to improve things. I have tried to contact him as has Kickstarter, my attorney and others, to no avail. He has, in essence, collected 42,691.00 and has had to provide... Nothing. Tessand 11901 W Westminster Ave Suite T Garden Grove, CA 92843 Telephone: +1 (714) 261-6228 Address: Tessand 11901 W Westminster Ave Suite T Garden Grove, CA 92843 Telephone: +1 (714) 261-6228 This is from his website @Adrian You Sir, are what is commonly known as a 'Dick Head'. I suggest everyone fill out this consumer complaint form so the CA Attorny General can file charges against this guy. <url>"Given the fact that it takes us a whole month to create approximately 125 KeyonPods, I predict that this project won't be completed until the end of this year, that means EVERY backer from Kickstarter and buyer from our website will be fulfilled with their KeyonPod." Anybody know if we could call the school to verify enrollment? Seriously, this is the last time I back a product and it's creator. Everyone has failed to deliver so far. Kickstarter should be sued themselves for having such a flawed system. Anyone, including myself could come up with a shitty idea, get funding via Kickstarter and never have any intention of delivering. As long as I update some bullshit every blue moon, I can keep the money! I urge people to contact their credit card companies to pursue a refund via amazon. That's what I did with the last 'failed to deliver' product and received a full refund. It boggles my Mind to create a great product, post pictures of production and not deliver. Seems like you wouldn't keep up the scam after having the money. At that point why? Shame Peter Sesto - or is that a new spelling of toast? T O A O S T Sooooo....This isn't happening? Or it could have been aliens kidnapped the original tung and cloned him. Now they are using the clone to steal earth money. Oh I'm sorry I thought we were thinking of the mostly wildly improbable things that could happen I'll take a couple of eggs over easy and some TOAST!!!!! Identity theft seems very possible which makes it even more evident that our money is gone!!! yeah, my bad guys. apparently wrong tung tran from the same university which makes me wonder if this is identity theft? This user's account has been deleted. Yeah it's a real shame. I'm hoping Kickscammed.com gets enough peoples attention that they don't want their name sullied. My goal is to back KS into a corner to the point where they have to change their terms to avoid becoming a place for scam artists to thrive Yep, didn't realize kickstarter would make it so easy for people to scam others out of tens of thousands... Don't need a real identity or a real company or location. That's GREAT. as per the comment below from Jihong Min, I had posted this exact information last week and after speaking to him via skype, was informed that he was completely unaware of this project. I have asked kickstarter AGAIN to investigate the creator as this all seems a little dodgy for my liking. Their response; they will message him and request him to make an update and keep a tab on any new projects created by him... bit of a cop out i would say KS! guys, it seems like this is where he works <url>"Were toast" just wondering its all you ever say Were toast I think the money went long ago and I suspect there was never an intention to produce an item. I have lost my enthusiasm for Kickstarter having been disappointed by all but one project. May be better off waiting for items to hit retail and but one then. Losing on one backed project soon offsets any saving by backing an idea on kickstarter to save a few bucks on final retail price. My guess is that he has blown the money and has none left to cover shipping costs. Had to get a chargeback from my credit card company. I would like to get a refund too. How difficult is it to take 5 mins to write an update? Its quite unacceptable. Since the reason given is that the machines can't produce fast enough, then tung should have much time on his hands while waiting for e machines to slowly chun out e plates Just remembered he was supposed to leave a comment/update every Sunday. Cerakote is going to have a rough more durable finish (google it for more details a pictures) Anodized is going to feel like a mac book You preferred method for color: Anodized or Cerakote I am still looking for an explanation of this before I commit to my survey. Can anyone help me understand the differences please? How can i get a refund? Come on Tung. I appreciate the update however as other said, you did not specify when these would ship. If this process takes so dang long, you are getting ripped by most people for this why are you the one doing "everything"? Good Lord, get HELP @ Tesrand. Great to see a little communication happening, but can we all get a clear update on when the product will be ready for shipment. @ Tesrand.... This is the sentence I used in my calculations. "Our machines are back up running again and each Keyonpod (entire unit besides screw) takes approximately 26 minutes to make." I am not sure how that is supposed to mean only one side. And forgive those who posted hopeless comments. I guess you can't really blame them but you learn as you go. I'm cool with that. But updates, updates, updates. Doesn't have to be official. Just drop a comment every so often. When you look at successful project creators here, most leave comments several times a week-many several times a day. Thanks T for the clarification. See, if this was anybody else on kickstarter it would be the same thing. Sure, you have people who panic too, and people who become anxious. It's part of owning a business... Hopefully you aim to please all, which means details, and delivering what you promise. This last comment is what we needed-about 5 months ago. Time is of the essence. Nevertheless, if you keep dropping by and letting us know what's going on, you'll have a lot more happy customers. Think of us as friends. We're not perfect and can't always not be weary, but we put our hope in you and you deliver-hopefully that's the way it goes. @Peter Stop spreading such hopelessness. We're toast @Adrian.. Sorry, I incorrectly said had Bach 4 project. You have backed over 30. @Adrian.. I know how kickstarter works. I have backed over 300 projects. Normally (unless stated) orders are shipped in the order received. Seeing how you have only backed 4 projects, your "majority of kickstarers" means nothing. If you had read his last update and comments, you will see that he specifically said that the early birds will ship first. I don't mean to sound snarky, I am just sick of this guy jerking us around. I would really like to hear someone say they received one, as mention in my last post, he stated that he was mailing approx 200 units. He also stated that 50 were mailed Jan. In his last update he says it takes him a month to created 125. This amount does not mesh with his previous statements. Appreciate the update, and i vote for the 250 package option. Still excited to finally get my piece :) @Susan Early Bird does not necessarily mean your set to receive your item early (unless expressly listed in the description), you're just getting a deal on the price. For the majority of kickstarters, you pay extra to be the first to receive an item Per update 10, you stated that you had 390 complete units. You stated that half of those were going to painting and the other half to shipping. I am an early bird and I certainly did not receive my item. What happened to these shippable items? In update 8' you stated that each unit takes 26 minutes to manufacture. In update 11 you indicate that you are working 12 hour days. This equates to about 25 units a day x 6 days a week = 150 units a week. Multiply that by 4 weeks; you should have around 600 more units. Following the same math, you should have 1200 units by the end of Feb. I am not real sure why you said that it may take a year to get these to your backer. I truly want to have faith in you, but as an early bird (who should receive their items first), I am losing faith. So, I think you should give us a real update. Just lay it all out. Your backers will have much more faith in you if you just tell the truth. Would really like to see at least some of these early batches being sent for coating. Otherwise it sounds like everyone who ordered a colored one will be six months down the line. Thanks for the update! Thanks for coming back, Tung, but more regular updates would be advised...and appreciated. We want to know and believe you're the real deal. I was right! Thanks for the update! "Tesrand  Fullerton, CA · Last login Feb 1 2014" Does this mean there will be an update soon?! lol What's going on here, why the delays? Jess is amazing also-super fast shipping and great products. Super cool dude also. Guys, I'm tellin you-if you want a good replacement for this, Brad here on kickstarter has a ton of options. He's top notch-fastest shipping and amazing products...have several of his items. Also, Jess Proctor-gearabiner....also have that. They have their own sites up TacticalKeychains.com and the GB is on Swish.com. If the products arent available on site, you may be lucky and get one made to order-that's how I got both of mine. Didn't even have to back anything-though I would have if I hadn't found the projects too late. I'm pretty sure I spent 70- at least $65 on the titanium one with extra add ons. Look at the stats on the right-TRIPLED the goal...pretty sure that's enough money to get STARTED. Not saying this guy is 100% scammer, but I definitely feel scammed. You're right, maybe he screwed up and lost his money gambling...maybe he can't budget his time and money. Not my problem. It's business. I guess words are good for nothing nowadays. A few reputable guys are on here and they have the history to prove it. My word of advice-never back anything on here again if they don't have several projects successfully funded and happy customer's comments in each project. /cricket What exactly is going on here? How hard is it to log on and say a few words? I've never felt that any of the projects have started as scams. Like the comment below, it just doesn't make sense to do all the extra work after being funded. I do however think that these projects end up being inexperienced idiots that just end up running out of money and then go hide under a rock somewhere I don't see why they would have even commented at all after getting funded if they are not planning on doing anything with it. My hope is starting to dwindle however, I don't see why they'd bother posting any pictures of a product or anything long after if they were just planning on taking the money and running with it... What is happening with my KeyPod. I paid like 35 dollars. I haven't heard any news of updates. The keypod i brought is for a friend Christmas/Birthday gift. My friend have been bugging me about the gift. I feel like moron now. Please someone tell me something is going on with this keypod I am NEVER going to fund a KS project EVER again. $28 down the drain what a joke this flake hasn't posted jank. Even if he said "sorry guys used up all the $$ and now I don't have any to send these to you" (which is my guess as to what happened) I would be slightly less pissed. I'm deleting the KS app off my phone and will never go to fund a project again. Instead, I will wait for the legitimate companies to actually make it out (like Pebble). Sincerely, A truly pissed off Kickstarter @ron, just click where it says "project by Tesrand" Were toast @N.H. How can you see when a project creator has last logged in? +1 (714) 261-6228 Whoa wait a minute-am I seeing this or did the profile previously say he graduated from CSUF?? Also, there has to be a ton of Tung Trans, and the address listed is one to the machining factory who has also funded fraudulent KS projects. For all we know, someone looked up a common name of CSUF college students and used that. From my search, there were quite a few that came up. Alternatives to kickstarter** I have buddies who rely on kickstarter to fund things, but I don't mind getting them their customers anyway. After all, I don't do it for kickstarter. Same here, Ko-backed the ti one w/tools. This is EFFING S**t. There's no reason to hope for anything to happen here. That's nice. Kickstarter should do something about these types of "projects". If there's no finished product, and some reward is officially listed, it's a scam. There's going to be more publicity about this. I guess I better start looking at alternatives. Can someone over at his country call the number Susan posted? See if its a valid phone number? I backed the titanium one plus international shipping. Costing me a bomb. Ha welcome to Kickstarter guys. This will be my third scam project with no refunds in site, no product in site. Be glad this wasn't a more expensive product like the ones I backed. Any attorneys from California backing this project? I've been hesitant to post anything, hoping that we would all get the KeyonPod and that Tung Tran is just really bad at communicating. Now I think it's most likely that the money has disappeared. I haven't had this happen before. I realize that the time frame for contacting the credit card company is past. I'm wondering if the authorities should be contacted. Since there are people from many states, and probably countries, I'm guessing FBI over local authorities, but possibly the police in Fullerton, CA instead. Just not sure how to proceed. Has anyone dealt with this sort of thing before? I think we've just funded Tung Tran's tuition. @Django, most credit card companies have a 90 to 120 day period in which to claim for goods not received. That time frame has long lapsed. Still might be worth a try. I really don't understand why so many backers are keeping quiet with regards to this project. How can I ask my credit card company for a refund? Will kickstarter then ban my account? @Davis T, I wouldn't hold your breath on getting a response. He hasn't logged into KickStarter since Dec. 30th and I have emailed him a couple of times over the last couple of weeks and gotten no response. I don't know what he is doing but I can say that he is ignoring our communications. Hopefully this will change soon and this project is not a complete write off. Let us know if you do get a response though. Cheers... Just emailed asking for advice. Also notified him that his email is misspelled ("Tessand") and Facebook as well ("Tesrand") Wish I would have spotted all this earlier. -_- An update will be nice, even if things have been delayed. Those facts are irrelevant. If they are required by law to issue refunds if they fail, it doesn't really matter where the money is. That's business. KS COULD do whatever they want, but they have crafted the rules in such a way to ensure the backers are not taken care of. I've had 5 projects now that are either complete scams, or don't look like they will ever complete. This is not KS's fault, but they can modify the terms to make things better for the backers...you know, the people writing their paychecks. Kickstarter can't do anything once the money has been collected by the creator. Other than take legal action (which would cost kickstarter lots of money and they wouldn't see any of it) there is nothing they can do. Kickstarter can't decide what failed or whats still being worked on either. I'm sorry that one of the projects you backed didn't work out but thats the nature of this site most things will work but once in a while something will fail. Also by the time a project is considered failed the creator has probably spent most to all the money they were given trying to get the project to work. So there's most likely no money left to give out refunds with or your going to get two cents thrown back into your account Nevermind. Kickstarter terms: Kickstarter is a platform where Project Creators run campaigns to fund creative projects by offering rewards to raise money from Backers. By creating a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you as the Project Creator are offering the public the opportunity to enter into a contract with you. By backing a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you as the Backer accept that offer and the contract between Backer and Project Creator is formed. Kickstarter is not a party to that agreement between the Backer and Project Creator. All dealings are solely between Users. By backing or creating a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter, you agree to be bound by this entire Agreement, including the following terms: Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date. Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is **unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward******. +++++Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.++++++ Everyone signs the contract with Kickstarter when they back/create a project. They aren't responsible for making sure it's distributed on time, but they are responsible for refunding if the project is not sent out. No the point is that they need to impose stricter requirements on the creators to ensure refunds are given if a project fails, and determine when a project is considered failed. I've got another project over a year late now with no sign of it finishing. According to ks terms, the creator could update us on nothing for 12 years and it would never be considered a failed project. That's complete bull and needs to be changed. Kickstarter is the not the one to blame here. Blame the "company" whos product you backed. Kickstarter is the just the middle man who shows of the product, then collects the money and holds it until the product meets the goals or fails. So where do you think your money actually goes? Kickstarter lets the people run free because its not their job to watch over every single project. The companies who put their products on kickstarter sign an agreement that they will go through with their promise of a product. If they can no longer fulfill that promise then they have to give the money back. And how is kickstarter suppose to know if a company is going to make a successful product or become a failed product. They can't just look at a project and say "your a 20 something college student with no manufacturing background and have this awesome idea for something. Nah fuck you your not trust worthy enough" It would ruin the freedom of this site. How would they have tighter restrictions without limiting the freedom of the site? Kickstarter enables these projects because its the only way they would have ever been discovered How is it not their fault? KS is enabling projects like this and letting them run free with zero accountability. KS is the company that I paid, not these guys. They show up on my credit card statement and should be held responsible for the transactions they process. They run a business and need to do so properly by tightening the rules and requirements for projects @Justin ..... just stop its not kickstarters fault. @ Ian the bladekey looks cool but it seems so simple and not big enough for what I would need it for Hey everyone, a couple of us from other failed or sketchy projects have contacted Rebecca from <url>"if and only if" approach, of course. All hypothetical. I would say best to wait. He may take long, but if could be possible he's stalling...otherwise skip the attorney and go straight to your credit card co. I m putting a tiny bit of faith left here just because hes still responding to emails. He should be worried not about kickstarter complaints, but rather than he is claiming to have an online business which can be business fraud...if you have screenshots of the site, just save them in case. It may not be fraud, though, and he may just be really bad at communicating here. We wont really know until the time comes. @Eric Koboldt - Unless your attorney is free, save your money. This project falls within Kickstarter's guidelines. Same thing with the refund. Kickstarter nor the project creator is required to give you a refund unless they are unable to deliver your reward. This does not include missing the estimated delivery date. Almost every project I've backed so far has had the same problem. Loads of communication and promises to get the pledges in, then after hitting a snag, nothing. We have all requested updates and to no avail. On Monday, if there is no update with any substance I will be requesting a refund. I will also be contacting Kickstarter via my attorney to report your company. I hope I get something soo Whats going on with this project? Funny the last two things I backed same problem and not meeting the deadline. boooooooo Ho hum, a month later and still no communication Ian, couldn't have said it better. As far as alternatives that are already on the market, I'll enlighten some people here. Since their money is already backed here, I'm sure I'm not breaking any rules. Also, these are all previously funded Kickstarter projects, so just further promoting the site. Anywho, try the Tikey from Brad, Bladekey, and Gearabiner from Jess. I couldn't wait, so I ended up shelling out the extra cash and helping out some fellow Kickstarter entrepreneurs. All products are great, and the makers-even better. Just a note-these guys all helped each other out-gave tips about their successful products to each other ...so Tessrand, I suggest contacting them and see what got them to where they are now. They are very helpful and all really great people with the knowledge available. @ Kevin. Hey KY! A teacher at my school shares the same name. For all I know, you are the KY I know. Hahaha. Anyways, I totally agree with Davis. I put $$ on the line here and I just want my product. Tesrand said shipping would start November, then before Christmas. Well it's January and we haven't heard squat. DUDE! If you can't fulfill your promise, don't make one in the first place!! I would be totally fine if Tesrand said he would start shipping in January or February and actually kept his word. In product development, there will ALWAYS be setbacks. Tesrand, as a rule of thumb take your expected timeline and double it, or better yet since you're a new kickstarter, triple it. I would also be far less pissed if Tesrand gave us updates. Communication is KEY here people. (pun totally intended) I'm even more pissed off because I see other beautiful key management systems that require funding. I could've used my $28 on an dependable entrepreneur. Speaking of which there were these two aussies that had a great keyonpod alternative. Right now, there is the BLOCKEY project that looks great for only $24 with 54 hours to go. The keyonpod I see at tessrand.com looks SO GOOD. I want mine SO BAD. PLEASE post an update or something before I lose all hope. This is a great product. P.S. instead of spending so much time designing the suave tessrand.com, it'd be great if you could ship us our products. P.P.S. Since you are in the key management business, never forget that COMMUNICATION IS KEY. P.P.P.S. Is it spelled Tessrand or Tesrand? On kickstarter it's one s but your website differs. This minor mistake only further discredits your credibility. @ Kevin I totally agree. I didn't expect it to be shipped by the delivery date, however, it has taken quite a bit of time past that date for the maker to even show a final product and seems to be taking considerably longer to respond/update on kickstarter. At least we know he answers email. I don't know what Tung does in his daily life, and we kind of have to assume he and every other project developer here is busy. However, it shouldn't be surprising to anyone here that people paying money to an entrepreneur/manager/businessman act as if they were dealing with any other type of business transaction or store. It's so much better to know that the maker cares than to keep guessing and hoping when the next update will be (or any sort of communication for that matter). I think in this case, the main reason people are concerned is the communication, rather than the product alone. @ Davis I know people want their product. I am checking here everyday to see if they updated but I am tired of people saying their a fraud just because they haven't updated. I am waiting for an update to but I expect that they can't not update every other day. Should they have given us an update now, yes. But i am not to worried since they haven't. Just because the kickstarter project hasn't shipped by its "expected" delivery day dosen't mean its fake. No product on kickstarter has shipped by that date (maybe on or two have). Just as an example of some great kickstarter projects- Jess (gearabiner) and Brad (Bamtactical-tikey) not only responded quickly about inquiries of recently ended projects that I had not funded, but they sent out projects that weren't yet publicly available as per request. It's not impossible to do, and trust me-they are swamped with ongoing projects as well. It can be done. Really, I don't mind that we are missing updates or whatever. Just wanting to get some communication at the very least, and I'm sure that's not asking for too much, Kevin. We'll relax if we want to. There's going to be customers that expect better service when the product is released, and we're just hoping that this isn't a taste of what's to come. Trust me, we wouldn't have a bunch of worried backers if we didn't have to send a personal email to hear back. It's a great looking product. You can't hate that so many people anxiously want to get their hands on it. Why is this community so impatient. Just relax, when Tesrand gets a chance to update they will. Its been a month and a half since the last time people said they were a fraud. Just let them do what they are doing and you will get your product Folks, just as an FYI, I got the following from Tesrand on Dec. 30th: We are being held back on the shipping right now due to a third party company that was suppose to supply us with our shipping packages and materials. We will let you know when we have everything figured out. Please look forward to our next update as we will be addressing the shipping delay. Thank you for your understanding." Not sure why we haven't seen the official update yet. Perhaps some of you can send a direct message as well, asking for the formal update to be posted. Cheers... Address: Tessand 11901 W Westminster Ave Suite T Garden Grove, CA 92843 Telephone: +1 (714) 261-6228 Can't we try to get our money back through amazon? I feel scammed. .. Twitter, kickstarter and Facebook activity is dead. Tired of pleading for signs of life Okay so I'm really not annoyed by the delay. I am extremely annoyed however with the lack of updates and ambiguity around the whole project. I hate to sound so impatient but it just seems like they aren't even doing anything. I doubt you guys are working too hard on this project as of now and if you are, I apologize. Just show us through a simple update. Thank you. Update, update, update! ;) An update would be grand! Still looking for a single picture of an actual finished product. 2 months late. I am an early bird who is still casing my worm. It can't be a paint issue, because, there is no paint on this option. Please give me a realistic delivery date. Thank you for your time Well this is a long time without an update. Yes! update please :) It feels like they would have been sent, since the last update said most were ready to be shipped. Yes, an update would be really really great. I'm eagerly anticipating being able to use mine. A update would be great! Greetings @Tesrand, can we please get a quick update. Your last update from a little over two weeks ago made it sound like things were very close to shipping for the Early Bird backers. Just wondering what the current status is. Thanks. This is honestly not the worst delay I've seen -- not even close. This is Kickstarter. Generally I would add 6 months to every delivery deadline you see. And to Tung, I apologize for jumping the gun-it was rude. I don't mean to come across hostile-tensions are high and many people are feeling it. I suppose you can call it a rollercoaster of emotions with all the excitement (and anxiety for people wanting to give them as holiday presents). Again-if you don't hit the expected delivery no biggie. Updates and communication are essential, and communication is primary. If you can give us an estimate of the new delivery date (if necessary), it'll put this whole thing to rest and possibly restore hope in other projects going through your manufacturing company here. It can be a great community here, and every situation can have it's roadblocks-projects small or big. Keep your head up, and don't be afraid to call us all your friends, family, and people who are not only willing-but love to hear about you. If there's ever an issue at home, work, etc. or even if you have something good happen too, you can share here. Likewise, you can start a blog-great business/lifestyle tool that will only widen your business background and base. You have a lot of people here dying to bring you MORE business. And this is definitely the best place to do it. Should we feel stupid? The problem wasn't the updates-the problem is getting some kind of proof the product will actually be made by the expected delivery date shown prior to funding. If this does not happen, we expect delays-so is it also not reasonable to expect some sort of updated estimated date? There's suspicions of fraud going around, and not just here. I suspect Tessrand is proving himself like all the others, and wants the benefit of the doubt-which he has now (at least, atm). Luckily for everyone who isn't so secure, it got us an update and something to expect. If suspicions weren't brought up in the first place about AlloyEverything, maybe nobody would have commented what they did...and maybe the blame should be on them. But if Tung is feeling the pressure, perhaps he could be our insider to the other failing projects through the same manufacturing company or just to prove his intentions are good as we had hoped from the beginning. The only thing here is we don't expect much-just a picture of a finished batch. One. Not a prototype. Not 2 finished. And that is only because we're counting on Tung to keep up his end of the bargain. He has our money people. I'm sure he wouldn't blame us for suspicions, especially getting word firsthand from Triumvir creators. Sure, I would like to see updates all the time, but obviously it's not essential or realistic. What is good is communication-and not just when people get irritated. With proper communication this would have never been the problem-but again I don't blame him-you live and learn. Blah, update sounds like my husband's Xmas present has bit the dust. Tessrand - How are you determining which people might receive their orders before December 25th? To all the people who jumped on the "there just stealing our money" bandwagon. But you all feel stupid now huh? Updates comes as they have enough to make it worth while. I'd rather see an update every few weeks just to know what they have been working on. Instead of having an update every few days with "nothing new to report" Can't believe the impatience this community has. * I can´t Truly I can believe what is happening with this project ... How do I go about getting a refund from Amazon? Or is it too late? Reading the comments and researching the company more, it seems to me this project is starting to smell fraudulent. I'm not very familiar with this process, since it's my first (and now last) backed project. Kickstarter is a wonderful platform, but after this experience, I'm not coming back. I appreciate any info, friends. Just when I was starting to enjoy backing projects?!...so far, out of 9 projects...one has been cancelled on misrepresentation and this one is looking dubious!?! Almost 1 out of 4 for Kickstarter ...buyer beware! Also, does it seem weird to anyone else that the logos are different on facebook, KS, and Tessrand.com, and also that it seems purposefully misspelt all around? Like Tesrand...Tessrand. Just saying, that is a mistake that would easily be seen by now and fixed. Let me start off by saying that things desperately need to be speeded up. Further investigating the issue, I have found that several other projects here are yielding no results, and are going through one manufacturing company-so called AlloyEverything. Apparently there is no consistency with reported issues from project creators, just that there are delays due to lack of or faulty machinery. All of the creators claim to be recent grads of CSF. Seems very plausible this could be a case of fraud, and while Im not claiming it IS, I will note that Kickstarter and Amazon are not taking charge, and I would advise that, if no proof of procurement of a finished product is revealed, it is known that bringing this up with credit card companies is the best method for both investigation and reimbursement. Tessrand, if you are going to make this happen, make it happen fast. If you are for real, give proof or expect to come at a loss. If you are expecting to get away with something, know that all your backers have to do is contact their card companies, lawyers, etc. Let us hope this is unnecessary. Woah woah woah-first item backed and I'm getting screwed...??! I'm 20 minutes from Fullerton and if things take a turn for the worst I'll have people show up. Hopefully that isn't the case. Give us some reassurance, creator. Crap, there goes our money. Too bad that web page has lines and haus listed right along wire tessrand and blatantly says it gets "prototypes" out really fast. The sole requirement of kickstarter. Says nothing about final products and conveniently has NO final product pics. And this creator now claiming delay is due to machines being old. Still makes me wonder how many prototype products were released on kickstarter with no actual plan for a real product timeline. @bottlejak this website appears to be a common link <url>#!prettyPhoto ... Pictures of production would help You're not related to Lines and Haus, right?? <url>#comment-5185763 Same physical street address and everything Thx for the update...and yes, getting it for the holidays would be great! Thanks for the update! Appreciate the update! Keep em comin ;) Please can you provide an update on the progress of the Keyonpod manufacturing. Backing your project is an act of faith in you, your company and your product, I really find it hard to believe that a couple of lines each week in the form of a progress update is too much to ask to keep your backers informed. Thank you. Lucky it was a cheap item. Think we have done our money. Losing money doesn't bother me because it is one of the risks of a crowd funded project.....but for Tesrand to go silent, now that makes me angry. My keys are sad ... I bloody hope not. Might be a dud Hey all, I emailed a question directly and got the following reply; We are currently in the production phase right now and we will start shipping out the products by the end of November, (30th) Thank you for your time and patience Looks like our Keyonpods are getting closer. An update would sure put some minds at ease. any news? Can we please get an update on how things are going. Thanks. ... How's it goin? Manufacturing in its' third day???...how's it going?TRI. Any updates? Should we be worried? What happened to the update? i think we're in a place in the project where there is no need for concern just yet, the final product comes to us in november, although an update on the status would be appreciated, i dont think teserand would do us wrong right now. i honestly hope though that this project doesnt end up like what EMBRACE+ or Fuel turned into Time is a relative thing. Where's the update? You posted 8 days ago that it would be provided asap. Is everything okay? Update?? I am beginning to wonder what the definition of ASAP is. Would really like to know how things are progressing. Looking forward to an update. update would be nice Update...please. So I've gotten the survey, but I still haven't seen the update on the differences between the Cerakote and Anodizing options that you mentioned on Sep. 23rd. Any update? Also, how are things coming with production? I thought we were going to be getting an update yesterday? Actually Apple products are all anodize finished. Mmm.... I thought there would be a silver cerakote or anodized option. Thanks NH. I chose cerakote as well I think, cant check surveys on mobile. Everything I get/ choose, I prefer Ti and anodized, but for this which I don't intend a long rigorous life, its what would stand out in my collection Folks, only HA-III anodizing would be more durable than Cerokote. HA-II or basic anodizing is not as durable and is most typically used. In fact the following is taken from the project page if scroll down a fair bit and read carefully: "We went with cerakote over anodizing because it provides better durability and tactile feel than with anodizing. This type of coating provides the same texture as an apple Macbook but with color. (The same process is also used to coat military equipment and firearms, which provides excellent durability)." Hopefully this helps clarify things for folks. For the record, I chose Cerakote. @Cerity so in your opinion which coating is better and which did you choose I'm leaning towards anodized but I don't know enough about cerakote to make a decision ... Anodization is a protective patina. Depending one the base metal, it can be thought of as a coating to protect the underlying structure. Aluminum is usually dye anodized, and Titanium can be electrolytic chemical bath anodized. Cerakote was my understanding its like a powder coating. Anyone needing clarification should use "message me " next to Tesrand profile picture on the project homepage Waiting.... I am also waiting for the creator to come on and explain the difference between Anodized and Cerakote. I pledged an extra 10 dollars for a titanium version of the red and black limited edition, but I can't seem to find the titanium option in the survey. How do I go about choosing the titanium one? Same. Interested in the differences between Anodized and Cerakote. Which one is less likely to scratch and fade in colour? Can you please describe the 'preferred color methods'? I have the same question... Whats the difference between a and c Hi On the survey you just sent out there are two options. One for anodized and one for cerakote. What is the difference? @harvey Surveys usually are sent out near the end of the deadline to avoid problems with people who move to other homes Hi I was just wondering if surveys will be sent out Hey Tesrand, Do you perhaps know the internal dimensions of the quick flip switch opening. I'm thinking maybe to place my vehicles immobiliser transponder inside there and retrofit my vehicle key to fit KeyonPod. Thanks PS. Metric measurements would be best! Hi tesrand I ordered the option with the 5 tools and want the titanium option for the extra durability. Can I specify before It ships out. Regards Henry Hi Tesrand, Why is the Brushed Titanium option in the Website cheaper than the Kickstarter Brushed Titanium Option? Doesn't seem right. I was hoping I could buy the attachment utility knife from the store =( Is it going to be released? I love the product and don't regret ordering it but the prices sure didn't change much between what someone paid to kickstart it and what someone will be paying to preorder from the website. It would have been nice to not end up feeling like I paid full price when I assumed a lot more risk than someone who preorders off a website. Other than that, love it and can't wait to fill it with keys I'd really, really, REALLY want an all black one... Congratulations on a successful product!!! I wanted to ask with my pledge $80 with the 5 tool option. How do I choose the Titanium option? Regards Henry Congratulations on this project and I hope you are OK after the car accident and that only your car got hurt. Thanks and Congrats!!! Congrats! Congratulations! You deserve this success. Congratulations on getting kickstarted! I pledged $47 ($37 for the green and black Keyonpod). Will I be able to choose utility tools? Thanks! By the way, Glad that you are fine after getting into such an accident. God bless. There are more than 1000 backers for your project now. I'm sure there would be quite a good number interested in the Anodizing option. Really hope to be able to get my Keyonpod Anodized!!! Lol. Oh I found the answer. Thanks. Hi Tesrand, I know this have been asked before but quite difficult for me to scour through all the previous comments. How thick is the screw? I would like to know the minimum size of the hole in my key to put it through the hole. I know I'm going to regret this as I'm sure this is a great product, but I'm going another route. Good luck guys and hope you enjoy your KeyonPod as it gets released. Congratulations, Tung, on your successful campaign. I predicted $25K way back and lo and behold $40K++. Wish there were more active communication down the road and better stretch goals apart from colours. Even if I'm leaving I did contribute here somehow by suggesting the bare Titanium version which you created a few spots and successfully expanded with the growing demand. That's 56 additional backers. You're welcome. Lol. Hope you're okay with your accident and dirve safe. Well, safer. Cheers. pledge goal* triple pledgeee How do I buy more than one of the same item? @Tesrand: Thanks again for the reply! Just one more thing... @abdulaziz s: I asked roughly the same thing below, but I'll go ahead and ask it again so that hopefully everyone that wants the answer can see this. @Tesrand again: You answered earlier that in order to make a Titanium version one of the Limited Edition colors to just add $10. Does this answer also stand for somebody who is at the $35 level? I gotta say-you came in at just the right time, and glad you did. Thanks for replying back to everything-it is greatly appreciated! Hope everything gets worked out w/the accident and hope you're doing alright :) I'm wondering if there is any chance to choose "kickstarter Edition" now or after the project completed. I'm really in love with it and don't have any problem to pay $37 to get it ! Sorry to hear. Thanks for getting back to us. Yikes! He must've had a lift kit for you to fit under that truck like that! The good news (if there is any at all) is you probably did a lot less damage to him (and your own vehicle) than you could have had he not had a lift kit on it. Hope you didn't get hurt too badly if at all. I'm sure you're pretty busy, but I sent you a message that I was hoping you could take a look at. Please and thank you! =D sorry to hear that. hope your okay man. thanks for answering. good luck. you need to answer questions in the comment section man. people are getting antsy. i am too. This is bad....... It would be worse if there is no response after this project is successfully funded. Same here. Might withdraw shortly. Already backed another recently funded project so I'm just hanging on to see if there are any exciting stretch goals to justify this purchase. Hey Cerity, which one green or red? If its green I'll take it Might have to regretfully withdraw my spot soon... No answer yet. No site up. No facebook. No replies. Hi there, How do i add in the knife tool function? i would like to add that in. Thanks If there's no answer someone can have my LE colors spot Lookin' forward to see the site up! Hey guys-just wanted to let everyone know I emailed Tung at the email address he provided. As soon as he responds back, I'm sure he will check over here and reply to any unanswered questions. Just anxiously waiting for a reply... You answered below to add $10 to make the Ti version a limited edition color... is this option open to anyone? Bro Tesrand, any chance of Anodizing option be one of the stretched goals? $40K and no real stretch goals to reward us backers? I'm about to jump ship... what's up with the site man? Sorry Tung, disregard... Just saw the answer on dimensions. Now to decide on color... :] Tung, congrats again on exceeding. I know that you are busy. What is max internal width so I can confirm if two auto keys + 1 standard will fit? E.g. Russell's comment/image & Henrik's follow-up. Auto .375in/9.525mm each x (2) + house .0625in/1.5875mm (1) = .8125in/2.06375mm. Will .8125in/2.06375mm fit inside? Thank you. =] Sounds good to me. how do i go about getting the titanium in black and green ?? Tesrand, I just thought I'd give you a heads up on this because it's generally looked down upon (with good reason): I may have to drop my pledge. Personally, I'm concerned that it only holds a small amount of keys which could be problematic. Thanks for everything you've done so far, though. It's all been great! -DV The color you showed us in Update #2, is that color going to be offered? How do we get it, will it be in the survey? Thanx. TRI I'm in a dilemma as I'm not sure how the Cerakote finish will feel and look like. Whereas the brushed Titanium finish sounds very pretty but lacks protection. Any other Titanium backers here would like to share some thoughts as well? That is true and what I am debating about. However I would also want to protect the Titanium material to last longer without scratches and will have it Cerakote probably in silver colour. I'm after the titanium alloy which is more durable. So Cerakote to make it last even longer seems like a better investment to me. Can I ask all the backers who Pledged for Titanium Keyonpod, what would the colour or finish that you will be selecting??? Raw, Brushed or Cerakoted? I'm having thoughts that Cerakoting my Titanium Keyonpod may be defeating the purpose of getting a Titanium one. End up it will look and feel like an Aluminium Keyonpod??? A survey will be sent out after the campaign asking for the colour choices. I did the $35 pledge and how do we choose the color? +1 for the all black idea.... would love that. Don't know if this has been asked yet, but what's the inner dimension? The description says 6 keys/tools but since keys varies in thickness, it would be great if we could get the real dimensions. Is it possible to do a complete black cerakote color? Similar to the limited colors but all black. through which US carrier will the KeyonPod be shipped through? Colors went to there, reminders went out :/ Hey is there anyway Canadians can get a reduced shipping cost? @ChrisRMartin Angela was asking to get titanium in a limited edition color(red/black). The $80 dollar pledge is titanium brushed/cerakote with 5 tools($55+($5x5)) I'm a little confused. I thought that the $55 titanium level included Cerakote or brushed finished. Now I see an $80 level for brushed and you told Angelina that it was an extra $10 for Cerakote. What does the $55 titanium level include? Looking good. Thanks for the update! It would be kinda neat to combine the screwdriver or bottle opener tip to the wrenches to maximize usage of space. Although, I know it's easier said then done-you ARE the expert, after all. :) I love the wrenches. LOVE them. Please finalize the design on that!! It's perfect. Oh-and also would be nice to have black screws...jus sayin'! Yeah, I have the same question as you tom. I'd really love the new bead blasted finish and only the hex and knife tool. Or it would be nice to have these options available as add ons after the project is complete. There's 10 days to go and we had no updates or stretch goals. Where is Tung? What will happen to our money once this is funded? We need people's answers over here. Hi, Any update on European keys? @Skt Dude: Usually you just pledge double the amount of money and you choose what you want in the survey after the campaign ends. The project starters cannot add this info anywhere publicly, if I am not mistaken. @Harvey B. and @Tom Etzel, the five tools are: the screw driver, flat head, bottle opener, can opener, and hex tool. You can also add an individual tool by adding $5 to your pledge for each tool you want. The knife is not available as Kickstarter rules do not allow it. These points have been covered before but I guess you didn't review the older comments. Cheers. I would also like to know what the 5 tools are. Also, can you pledge more for individual tools if you don't want all five? Hi Tung, is it possible to get two KeyonPods? In Kickstarter you can only pledge for one:( What kind of tools are available to attach into the keyonpod, aside from a bottle opener and knife? Tung, congrats again on exceeding. I know that you are busy. What is max width so I can confirm if two auto keys + 1 standard will fit. E.g. Russell's comment/image. .375in/9.525mm each x (2) + 1 .0625in/1.5875mm = .8125in/2.06375mm. Thank you. =] Hey Tung, over 200% funding and not a single stretch goal announced? And that bare Titanium with no tools is now sold out. Don't forget who suggested that. Ahem. :) Hello, Does the titanium version comes in black/red colour? Thank you. @Tesrand, Beside five utility tools mention. I wonder if you can add another tool like an bigger loop holder found in another kickstarter project "singkey" that can be hidden when not in use. With it, I can actually attach a carabiner or bigger keyring to KeyonPod instead of the small attachment ring on the other side. mmm....... I hope widening the hole in the keyonpod won't compromise on its beauty. Hi Tung, Sorry for delay getting back to you, I just measured the wire loop I have, and the threaded section that goes inside the locking section is 3mm, so it would need to be slightly larger then that. If you wanted it to be able to fully pass the lock (so the loop could spin all the way around) it is a whopping 6mm wide! Yours Andrew. Is it possible to get a bottle opener with the limited black and red edition? @Tesrand - Thank you for the information, I'm glad that it fits that type of key. Other key management systems I've pledged for on Kickstarter aren't compatible. And as far as the space goes, I'm fine with that I only have 2 keys anyway, my car key and my house key. :) Thank you! I appreciate your reply. Hi Do you have any news, if it will work with european keys? "KeyonPod is around 3.95 inches we tested with the largest key I had on hand. I am waiting on some sample from Euro and Asia to test." As a quick question, do you think the keyonpod will work with keys like this: <url>"survivor edition" made of flint (I dont know if a flint itself is a tool that lasts forever or if it actually wears down to the point of disappearing. I guess the flint is durable and the magnesium stick ppl normally use to spark the flames wears down. A lot of people also use knives to ignite the flames). The slide should be custom colors ;) Are the parts plastic or a separate piece of fitted metal @christina, yes you can purchase any tool he is offering for $5 a tool. Just amend your pledge and let Tung know. You should allow any backer to add on the bottle opener to their existing pledge. Just add on the extra $$ for the bottle opener. I live in Asia, and my keys not only come in weird shapes and sizes, but also have oddly-sized holes where the keyring passes through. What is the minimum "hole size" required for the key to be able to fit onto the KeyonPod? Super stoked this happening! Congrats, would putting an LED light on it be possible in the future? Just a thought coool, i only meant an idea, nothing solid, if anyone on this campaign is like me, losing your keys in the dark is an un-needed mini heart attack. something that can help finding it would be great is all THANKS for listening and congrats on $2G of goal @Fred Fields, the $80 one comes with the 5 utility tools whereas the $55 doesn't. Both come in the Cerakote variety in your choice of colour, and the $80 has a brushed option, and the $55 one a raw option. Would it be possible to get a titanium in the limited edition colors? What's the difference between the $55 and $80 cerakote titanium option? Is the $55 just aluminum that is cerakoted the color of titanium? @Don Balao- do you mean something like a tritium tube holder that can be used as an attachment? I think you can buy tritium tube key fobs. That might work. great ideas all arond, my two cents in the stretch goal suggestion doesnt involve a specific item rather i have an "idea" GLOW IN THE DARK not an item rather a concept i lose my keys all the time in the dark, i know there are things like tritium and things to find them but maybe there could be something specific for keyonpod ya know Hey Tung, congrats on your funding. like I said - $25K at least. Here are my suggestions for some stretch goals. Whatever is affordable and viable to do: 1. Personal laser engraving - limited characters or initials. 2. An extra key ring and set of screws in the packaging so we save you the hassle of bugging you for more in the future? I'm pretty sure majority if us will be playing with the parts before we put it to good use. Thanks for the Cerakote info and congratulations on passing your goal! Hi Tung, what do you recommend for best enhancement and preservation of the Titanium material? I wanted Cerakote to make it pop with colour but with it defeat the purpose of choosing Titanium in the first place? If I don't go Cerakote, what is best to help prevent scratches for the long term? Thanks. On the Special Editions, is it a Black Cerakote with colored inserts? Just curious... The Titanium states 5 utility tools, what are these tools, would like mine brushed finished. thank you for the feeback guys! Mateus if that third dimension is thickness, then your .2" tool will be slightly thicker thanks a key Hello Tung, awesome project you got there, can't wait to have a keyonpod on my hands =). I have a question regarding the capacity. I backed another project on kickstarter for a bottle opener with the following dimensions (10.5 x 34 x 5.5 mm). As you can probably see, it is a very small acessory, but I believe it is not as small as a key itself. I dont have the tools to verify this though. I would like to know how many "slots" this bottle opener would use on the keyonpod since I actually use around 4 to 5 keys on my daily commute. One last thing, is it possible for me to switch the key rings? I've got a cool one which would blend very well with the keyonpod Thanks for everything, hope to back you again in the future. Wishing you the best with your ideas. Great start to the campaign; I'm supportive and will be sharing. Went with the route that Wouter was inquiring about with backing +$5 per tool. Thanks for the option. Looking forward to you reaching goals. All the parts except for the screws are titanium. Awesome! I'm not familiar with Cerakote, can you explain how that effects the titanium? Is it a color coating? Does it wear off or effect the feel of the titanium? Thanks, Who's the man? Woot! Bare Cerakote Titanium is selling fast. By the way, since this baby is going to get funded. I'm thinking at least $25K? Tung, better start thinking of some stretch goals to encourage more backers. Excited for you, dude. For the titanium version, how much of the KeyonPod is titanium? All parts, just the sides, ...? How can i order the extra tools? Another question. Is it possible to ship one extra spare screw? Wouldn't want this keypod to be useless if the main screw is lost or broken. this is gonna be a sick ass campaign! LOL! Thanks a million again! Another message sent with another question =D Sweet! Thanks! will there be an option to add the utilities to the limited editions? Maybe an add-on of a few dollars? Or will these be included? Hi. Can you offer just an early backer bare Titanium version with no tools. Also is the screw made of titanium or what is the material? What about the tools? What are they made from? Thanks. id like to see a pic of the keyonpod connected to a chipped key, just for a nice look see on how that might effect the whole system Oh we'll then, I'm outta here. Should of at least stated it in the pledge level that its only for non-color for the super early birds. So good luck to backers. Look out for the early bird $21 opening spot. See ya! Yep, metal "key holder", where's your designs for artistic design?? I've backed too many of these key holders, but this one is way too beautiful to pass up on so you get my money :). Also please go with the springs instead of the washers as it will really differentiate yours from other key holders on kickstarter. Nice looking product sir. Well done. Thanks for the fast reply, i am looking forward to your finished product. What is the maximum length of the key? i'm just asking, because most european keys are about 67 mm (2 3/4 imches) long. What's the diameter of the binding post/screw? ... both external sides I mean. From the image on the frontpage it looks like the internals are not coloured and that the flipper thingy is also not coloured. hi Tung thanks for the pic of the 2 limited edition items in the 1st update. Just wondering, the other coloured versions, are both sides of the KeyonPod coloured? Does Early Birds in the $21 get to choose the colors? or we are limited to basic aluminum non color. Thanks Is it possible to use KeyonPod without utilizing all 6 slots? For example, can I just use 4 or 5? would it be possible to add on a cost for the individual utility tools on the side? example: add $$$ and receive ### with your keyonpod You mention 5 utilities in one of the pledge levels. Which utility tools are they? I only see the knife and the bottle opener in the video. will the keyonpod come with metal ring to hang chipped keys on?