Hey Backers, Just launched the new and improved Knut on Kickstarter. It's called Knut Water. Knut now has 3 sensors built in: temperature, humidity and water detection. Knut Water is waterproof, has USB support (OTG) and setup takes seconds. Check it out here: <url>"mouse bites" which are really just small perforations in the PCB that allow someone to snap a Knut out of the carrier board. Problem is the mouse bites are too strong and could lead to damage parts when someone tries to remove a Knut. So Sunburst has recommended that we score the perforations as well to make an easier breakout. Luckily, this doesn't hold us up in any way as the change is really only needed for future boards. Yesterday we stopped by Mass Design, a PCB manufacturing facility in Nashua NH. They walked us through the whole process of making a PCB. Its too much to go into detail here but I thought I would share a few interesting pictures. This is the copper plating tank with a few boards in it. The boards are held by the white plastic rods in a bath of copper sulfate. The purpose of this tank is to create connections from the front to the back side of a PCB. Copper is plated through drilled holes in a PCB creating circuits that can run on the back and front of a PCB. This is an automated drilling and routing machine. The red light is the light for a camera contained in the same housing and is actually part of a machine vision system with a surprising amount of intelligence. The drilling system will drill holes in a PCB and inspect them to insure they are drilled to the proper diameter. It will also inspect its own drill bits to insure they are not worn out or broken. Its fascinating watching this machine. It can drill around 5 holes per second. The bits get so hot while cutting the PCBs, that a piece of aluminum is put over the PCB to actually cool the drill bit down. Seems a little counter intuitive to be drilling through more stuff to cool something down, but apparently it works. This is a picture of me and Bill Gately of Mass Design. Bill was the one who was kind enough to give us a full tour of the facility. I'm holding the sheet of wood that was on the back side of the Knut PCB's during the process of cutting the Knut's out of the carrier sheet. Ordinarily this is a disposable but I'm thinking of framing it... So we've come a long way. FCC and CE are finished and we passed with no modifications of the hardware needed. We only needed a higher quality sticker and a modification to the manual to get through. We are planning on shipping out these new units to beta testers and if they like them, we will give the thumbs up to Sunburst and Mass Design to do the full order. In the mean time, I will be cleaning up the remaining software issues. Shipping is in sight, Richard We stopped by the board house today and picked this up: These are the final Knut PCBs. Tomorrow we are visiting the contract manufacturer to deliver all the parts so they can start assembling the final Knuts. I will let you know in detail on how it went. Richard As promised, here are the FCC and CE testing pictures: Knut in a test chamber about to be hit with 3 volts per centimeter in air. The test chamber is shielded room covered in thousands of ferrite tiles. When the door to the test chamber is closed, almost all radio waves are blocked from reaching the outside world. (Sorry about the bad picture quality): A prescan being done on Knut to see what radio frequencies is being emitted by Knut when no external interference is applied. The high peak on the left is 2.4 GHz (the frequency of Wi-Fi) The graphs shown here are the result of a 4 separate scans called presweeps. Presweeps give the testing house an idea of how your device will perform for the rest of the tests. Not unlike pressing the scan button on your car radio, the equipment scans through a very large set of frequencies to see on what frequencies Knut is producing a signal. The straight line in the middle of each graph is the limit and if Knut exceeds a limit, Knut will likely fail subsequent tests. Knut does exceed 1 limit at 2.4GHz but is allowed to because Knut is designed to transmit at 2.4GHz. This data is not official FCC and CE testing data and I don't have access to the official data until all tests are completely done. This picture is actually full resolution. You need to save this picture to your computer to see it in full detail. Here is Knut being viewed by a camera inside the test chamber. No one can be in the test chamber during the test because intense radio waves are generated which are bad for human health. A test would take a few minutes and then they would re-enter the chamber and rotate Knut a different angle, and then run another test. Then after a few more tests they would enter the chamber and rotate an enormous antenna. Knut being shocked with 4000 volts: This actually went a lot better than I thought it would. Knut messed up a little bit but recovered on its own so it's still considered a pass. Knut had a moment of time traveling when it suddenly reported that it was 2:16:36 PM when it was actually 1:57:43 PM. The battery also indicated that it was empty but then recovered. Internal Temp 1:56:44 PM 2/1/2013 73.4F Battery 1:56:59 PM 2/1/2013 99.39% Internal Temp 2:16:36 PM 2/1/2013 73.4F Battery 1:57:43 PM 2/1/2013 0.32% Internal Temp 1:57:44 PM 2/1/2013 73.4F Battery 1:57:58 PM 2/1/2013 99.39% Knut had to be field tested to determine how it would act in the real world. It's difficult to test in the real world in the middle of a snow storm. F2 Labs has an awesome inflatable bubble to deal with this. Its kept inflated with 2 huge air pumps and its always under positive pressure. The entrance to the bubble is 2 doors with an air lock in between. If you open both doors, the whole bubble deflates and breaks all sorts of expensive equipment inside. My ears popped a little when I entered, but the people at F2 said that they don't notice that. A view of inside the bubble. This bubble is huge. You could easily play soccer in here. In fact a some grass is growing on the left. On the left, closest to the camera is Knut on a table.The table can rotate 360 degrees. In the middle, very far away is a gigantic antenna. The antenna can slide up and down. During the test they rotate Knut around and raise the antenna up and down to see what radio waves Knut generates. Knut in another test chamber: I had a lot more photos but somehow they disappeared... It's very strange. I took many of various antennas and many additional shots of the first chamber. They might have gone missing during the test that they applied 4000 volts to Knut because that was really the only time that my iPhone was exposed to any strange interference. Oh and also, Knut passed FCC today. CE has some additional tests that need to be done like drop tests, high and low humidity tests, high and low temperature tests and other tests that take weeks. Richard So Knut got a facelift. Sort of. We updated the connector to be sturdier and easier to use, Our beta testing revealed that the old connector did not provide sufficient support for the sensors, nor was it clear which way sensors should be plugged in. In fact the first question we got asked from one of our beta testers was "What direction do I plug in the sensor?". When we began searching for a replacement, we discovered that finding connectors for electronics is hard, really hard. Considering that we don't have the order quantities needed to get a custom connector (which is usually a 10000 piece minimum) we had to look for off the shelf connectors. We considered many options such as mini USB, mini HDMI, mini displayport (Thunderbolt), Ethernet (RG-45), telephone (RJ-12), and serial ATA, but none of them really fit our needs. A major concern was the connector being able to penetrate the case at the right height (which none of these do). Also we didn't want to have to create custom circuitry to deal with having someone plugging in a let's say a mini HDMI device into the front of Knut and having Knut safely handle the incompatible device. So we arrived at this: From left to right: Board to Wire, Board to Board, and Board to Ribbon Cable. And they are all polarized and very durable. Board to wire allows us to make a direct connection to devices on wires such as the waterproof temperature sensor. Board to board allows direct connection to expansions board such as humidity sensor and the accelerometer. Board to ribbon cable allows us to make extension cables easily so sensors can be placed in more remote locations. Based on some pretty extensive research, no other connector seems to be able to do this. But if you know of one, I would love to hear about it. Also, because we now have 8 pins instead of 5, we are bringing out some additional functionality that will be very useful to people creating their own sensors. If you want to know what we added, shoot us a message. Knut performs above and beyond our initial expectations and we are confident that this is the production ready Knut. We’re so confident, in fact, that we’ve sent this Knut for FCC and CE testing. I am currently in Cleveland visiting F2 Labs, where testing of Knut will begin tomorrow at 8:00 AM. I will be sure to get some pictures and if I get a chance I will try to get them up tomorrow as well. It will take 2-3 weeks for Knut to be fully tested for FCC and CE compliance. Once Knut passes, we are going into full production. Thanks for your patience, Richard We got many great gift this morning. We are very lucky to have received all of the Wi-Fi modules. These modules are very new to the market. We attempted to place the order for these modules thorough a very well known electrical components distributor and the distributor told us the manufacturer would not provide a quote or even allow a preorder to be placed. We have a decent relationship with the manufacturer, and when I spoke with them directly, they allowed us to place the order. We were expecting to have them shipped late January but to our amazement they showed up today. Hundreds of Wi-Fi modules: Other things came in as well such as hundereds of processors: Hundreds of cases: Hundreds of buttons: And lots of other stuff not photo worthy. At this point, all components except for a few easily obtained items are in our hands. Some new software features have been added, one of which is the ability for Knut to understand small human written emails and have Knut perform commands based on your requests. They are simple commands at the moment such as "Tree Lights On" or "Current Status" but more commands will be added in the future. This feature gives you some control of Knut without the app. Another cool feature is now with the SD Card, you can walk away from a Wi-Fi network and Knut will save the extra data on the SD Card. If you return to the network, Knut will dump this data on to the internet. If you don't, you can just pull the SD Card out and read it on a computer. This is especially useful with the accelerometer as you could plot let's say... drifting a car on a race track, taking Knut on rollercoaster, or sticking Knut in a package to monitor if it's been dropped. Speaking of accelerometers: What do you want to do with the accelerometer? At the moment, the accelerometer only produces graphs of acceleration data and generates alerts for things like exceeding a certain amount of G's, which is fine if all you want to determine if something has been hit or been dropped but we feel so much more can be done with the accelerometer. Many people have asked us if we can use Knut for monitoring when a washing machine is finished. Unfortunately, at the moment, we can't because the vibration data coming from one washing machine is vastly different from another, leading to many false triggerings. Spins cycles, soak cycles and agitation cycles are very different from one manufacture from another. For monitoring a washing machine, we think a countdown timer makes much more sense than an accelerometer. If you really think an accelerometer is the best sensor for detecting this, we'd love to know how you imagine this working. We've made a lot of great progress. A limited number of beta units will go back out this week for testing. Full production will start in January, but we will only ship when Knut meets our quality standards. Happy Holidays, Richard Hi, Lately we have been knee deep in bugs and we have been rapidly squashing them. Once you squash one, you see 10 more. Luckily, a great deal of these bugs are our fault and we like it this way because it means that we can fix it. Every once in a while we encounter a bug that isn't our fault; it's actually a defect in the actual silicon in the processors. We have encountered a few of these and they are really hard to diagnose, because it naturally feels like the programmer, not the chip designer is making the mistakes. It so hard to stop pointing the finger at the coder. Probably our most serious bug was that our processor would go to sleep and stay asleep for a random period of time and wake for no reason leading to dead batteries. It wasn't easy solving this problem (or even identifying that it even existed). We had to acquire a logging battery simulator that would watch Knut for hours to see when the problem would occur as sitting in front of Knut and watching a meter for hours just wasn't cutting it. In the end, we talked to the manufacturer and they confirmed the bug and we had to swap out old processors with new ones that had this bug resolved. I feel very good to have this problem behind me. We are also working through issues with the 802.11g modules. The modules work great, better than I could have originally expected. They connect and function on the newest and oldest routers with no issues. They are fast AND power efficient (which is a fantastic combination). We are now able to purchase the whole stock of chips that are needed to fulfill all Kickstarter orders, but unfortunately the chips have yet to pass a rapid aging test. The manufacturer says that they rarely encounter problems at this stage but need to perform these tests before releasing to the public. As the manufacturer understands our needs, they are giving us access to the chips. So we're not sure whether we should just skip the rapid aging test. In other news, we have also been working on the packaging for Knut. We were surprised on how much thought and design is involved in simply putting a product in a box. This is our first attempt: We found a source for the moisture sensor. Unlike our hand made prototype, this one will last for years in moist soil. The final moisture sensor looks like this: This is what the final waterproof temperature sensors look like. The sensor is contained in the stainless steel tube and encapsulated in epoxy. They should last for years in salt water. Here is our prototype breakout board. It's still very much a work in progress. The screw terminals do not fit in their holes because I miscalculated the length of the relay. Relay? Yes with the breakout board, Knut can now not only sense things but control things as well. More on this later. Check out the T-shirts. They are made with super soft American Apparel blanks. I like them so much I am wearing one right now. Choose either black or blue in XS,S,M,L, and XL: Jay and I modeling the shirts. I should have shaved... When Knut is sent to backers, backers cannot feel the problems that we have encountered. Knut has to just work and you shouldn't have to worry about it. We are working through it and I am certain that it will all be for the better. Everything is still moving forward very quickly, but we still need more time. We're shooting for end of November. Richard Also, check out (and fill out) the surveys, as they go up today. We want to get a count for all the sensors and T-shirts that we need so we can order them all by next week. So over the weekend we put together some Knuts together to test the assembly process and to finally get the Betas made. The pick and place machine placing a processor. Knuts baking in our extremely high tech reflow oven called a toaster. If you want to reflow some boards, be sure to turn your "reflow oven" on to the convection setting for good even heating. On the left you can see just toasted boards. On the right you can see our problematic stencil for putting down solder paste. We put a blank board underneath the stencil and use the razor blade to squish solder paste through the stencil on to the board. Turns out, our stencil was much too thick, allowing too much solder to be applied to the board. If you look carefully, you can actually see the shorted pins on the processor in the oven picture above. 16 finished knuts. Now to talk about the changes we made to Knut. I've been really worried about making 450 of these Knut and shipping them all out only to find out that I wrote a small but show stopping bug that has managed to slip by me and all the beta testers but never the less requires everyone to have to ship back their Knuts so I can reprogram them. So I decided, Knut has to be firmware upgradable from your home. I wanted Knut to be over the air reprogrammable, and a microSD card makes it very easy to do this. So all Knuts get a microSD card slot: Knut main processor has an extremely limited (128K) amount of storage space. It turns out that there is a balance between power consumption and storage space and since we value battery life highly, we chose a processor with less space. Unfortunately, Knut doesn't have enough space to allow us to store a whole new Knut app when using the old Knut app. It's also extremely difficult (if not impossible) for an app to write over itself, as the app would destroying its own logic, the logic necessary to do the actual writing. So to deal with this, we email the new app to Knut, Knut stores the app on the microSD card, Knut reboots off the microSD card and then Knut writes the new app to Knut's main memory. Using a microSD card is also advantageous because we can simply turn it off when we don't need it, saving on battery power, unlike memory built into the processor. This microSD card has also opened up a new world of possibilities: Right now Knut can operate away from a Wi-Fi network by storing the data on the microSD card. When you return to your Wi-Fi network, Knut will then send the stored data via Wi-Fi. If you never return to the Wi-Fi network, you can always read the data by popping the card into your computer. The data is stored as a CSV file so any computer can read it. We can now add features to Knut and you can write your own apps too. All you need is a computer with a microSD card slot and the C30 compiler, free from Microchip. When you're ready to run your app, all you have to do is put it on the microSD card and Knut will run it. No complex development tools needed. When you get your Knut, and if you are so adventurous to actually disassemble your Knut, make sure you remove the microSD card before removing the cover. The microSD card can simply removed by pressing on the card and it just pops out of the case. We learned this the hard way and ripped the microSD card slot right off the board. So I feel a lot better about shipping with this microSD card. But the question is, when are we going to ship? We are currently held up by our Wi-Fi chipset manufacture. Currently they have has promised us our full order of 450 units by the end of September, so if we get our chips, we should be able to ship by the end of October. We are trying very hard to hold our schedule. Thanks for your patience everyone, Richard Bonus Pic: Here is a Knut, asleep, on our power consumption test bed. Knut is currently drawing 700na. Yes, That's 700 nano amps. If you blow air across the Knut board while connected to this meter, the current consumption indicator will vary wildly as the static electricity in the air will charge different sections of the board. The current consumption is just that low. It seems Knut can easily take measurements and run its internal clock, while running off the energy produced by a potato. It unfortunately cannot send an email without a very large capacitor, as a potato cannot produce the instantiations amount of power necessary for Knut to send a message. If you want to make your own potato battery check this out: <url>