Hi everybody, as we said in an update last week, as a thank you to our amazing backers, every single one of you starting at the $7 pledge all the way to the top would be getting extra jerky. We have been working on several new flavors since March and one stood out amongst the rest, it's sweet, tangy, spicy and smokey, it's called Lime Sugar BBQ. The flavor is like a lime infused sweet bbq sauce over the beefiest ribs you've ever had. We think it's a perfect summer flavor and it's for you exclusively, the backers. You will be the first to try this flavor and we will not introduce it for sell until the beginning of 2014. For now it's all yours and you deserve it. Extra goodies! We are adding a few surprises to your rewards and extra stuff that you are already getting, like a special "Backers Only" coupon for a pretty substantial discount on your next order with us. The coupon will have your backer # on it to let us know that you are a very important person to us. There's some other free stuff that's just fun and we hope you like it. Stay tuned for another update shortly. Thank you, KRJ Hi everyone, we were asked a few weeks ago to take part in a documentary about Kickstarter. The documentary is called "KICKSTARTED" and it is right here on Kickstarter, please look it up. There are interviews from Zach Braff and a bunch of other Kickstarters telling their story and we are going to be in it. Privately we filmed over 30 minutes of footage to give to the documentarians last weekend at our last taste test and it is being edited down to a 2 or 3 minute video that will be posted here, twitter and in the film itself. We have to say thank you to the person who filmed us, his name is Aaron Gerber and he is a student filmmaker that offered his services for free. "Kickstarted" is a great project so check it out. *Important note: We were not aware that it is required to get a persons consent to film them so if you were with us for the time we were filming and you have a problem with being in our video please message us and you will be edited out. If we don't hear from you we will assume that we have your permission. This is the first of several updates today so please stay posted. We will post info every few ours about the new "Backers Only" flavor, websites, twitter, possible distributers and extra goodies in your rewards, so please check back. Thank you, KRJ Hi everybody, join us for a free jerky taste test tomorrow (june 8th) at the Ink-N-Iron Festival in Long Beach CA. at 6pm. We will have sample bites of all three mouth watering flavors and we would love for you to come by. We will be wearing our Kobe Red "Raising Sun" t-shirts, we hope to see you there. Hi guys, here is a quick correction to our earlier post, everyone at the $7 pledge level all the way up to the top level gets the extra jerky reward, everyone. So even at the $7 level there will be a beefy reward. Sorry if we didn't make that clear. Check our Friday post for more info. thank you, KRJ Good morning, we think stretch goals can be fun. We like them too, they help a project grow and the amazing backers get extra stuff. We previously posted how you guys had blown right past our stretch goals before we even got a chance to post them, that was extra cool. This morning, we want to let you know that you have done it again! Our backers have surpassed everyones expectations of what a jerky project could do and we are so proud of you for that. As a reward, everyone above the $7 pledge level will receive extra jerky, everyone. It's our way of saying thank you for just being you, no stretch goal finish lines to cross, you are already winners. By the way, did we mention that the reward is a new flavor? Come back for our Frday post for all of the details and other info. Thank you KRJ Good morning, we wanted you to know that we have finished the new artwork for the bags of our (1)oz juicy jerky and it looks pretty cool. We will post the new look on Friday along with some other cool info. Thank you KRJ Good morning, this is just an update, yesterday we started a second batch of jerky to stay ahead of our orders. Once again, if we access the need to start another batch to satisfy demand we have supply on hand to accommodate. Also, we wanted to say thank you to the great people of Boston for having us and coming out to taste our jerky. Also, as alway we want to thank all of our awesome backers. KRJ Hi everybody, we're having two free jerky taste tests of all 3 mouth watering flavors of Kobe Red Jerky. Please join us on May 25th at 12 noon outside of the Boston Calling Music Festival in Boston Ma. On May 26th at 12 noon we will be outside of Fenway Park. Come by both days and taste the best jerky in the world and then text us a review. We would love to meet our awesome backers so come by. We will be at both locations until we run out. We will be wearing our Kobe Red "Raising Sun" T-shirts. See you there, Thank you KRJ Hi everybody, we have a free jerky taste test coming up this weekend and we would love to see you so please check back tomorrow for location and time. Thank you. It's official, you guys have now made Kobe Red Jerky the most successful beef jerky project in Kickstarter history! This milestone belongs to you, our awesome backers. You made this happen and we are so proud to be a part of this community populated with such amazing people. P.S. this is not a competition and we applaud every Kickstarter, backers and developers alike for having the ideas, vision and desire to reach for something new. That being said, we just think that our backers are the best in the world. thank you, KRJ Before we get to the good stuff you have to hear this quick backstory. Last week we made plans to set a stretch goal, we contacted a company about producing some really cool stuff specifically for you, our awesome backers. The company told us that they would get back to us in a few days with a quote for the merchandise but before the quote came back, guess what, you guys blew right past the stretch goal before we even got a chance to post it. We thought, "that was awesome"! Then we set another stretch goal but the quote for the merch still had not come back so we couldn't post it and then you guys did it again, you went right past the second goal, more awesome! We got the quote back today but by that point you guys had already surpassed a third stretch goal that we didn't even get the chance to post. You guys are the best and to us you have already exceeded our expectations and for that, you should be rewarded. So as of tonight, EVERY single backer will be rewarded for their support. Different backing tears will receive different goodies but no one will be left out. These are just a few of the rewards you can expect to arrive with your sweet and savory jerky: 1. door hangers that read "do not disturb, i'm eating jerky" 2. personalized pens 3. Kobe Red stickers 4. a ringtone of the music from our video and a few other surprises. All of the details are being worked out. Will this be the only stretch goal? No. Will the next stretch goal include something that tastes great? Yes! Stay posted. Thank you so much for your support. Today you have accomplished in making this project a part of Kickstarter history! Today Kobe Red Jerky has more amazing backers than any other beef jerky project ever! And although this is not a competition there is no dishonor in acknowledging your achievements. Take a bow, you deserve it. Here at Kobe Red Jerky we would like to say thank you and congratulations. P.S. stretch goals will be announced tonight. We don't want to spoil the surprise but you may have already surpassed "the goal". Check back in tonight. Good morning Kickstarters, here's a few things we wanted to share with you. First, we have been preparing for our project launch since January and although we were completely surprised by all of the amazing support we've been shown, early on we planned for success. We created and packaged batches of our world class jerky in January, February and March. We are also starting a new batch today. At the completion of our current batch, we will have enough sweet and savory jerky to accommodate twice the amount of orders we currently have. If we assess the need to create another batch this month we have the supplies on hand to fulfill that need as well. Second, we are sticklers about punctuality, we love the excitement "the wait" gives us but when it's time to deliver, we want what we want, when we want it and you probably feel the same way. We wanted to let you know that every order will ship on time, the first week of July. Third, stretch goal are coming TOMORROW! We planned on offering stretch goals in week #4 of the project but then we thought that having them in week #2 would be even better. We plan on rewarding backers at every single level for your amazing support. Thank you so much. KRJ We are leaving NY and heading home after two days of spreading the word and sharing sample bites of the best jerky in the world. We met a bunch of people in the Big Apple that tasted our Kobe Red jerky and they told us that they were hopping on Kickstarter and backing this project. To our surprise, we see that some of our new backers are the very people we just met in NY, awesome! We are headed home now, tomorrow we hit the ground running. We have started another batch of all 3 flavors to stay ahead of our orders and there is much to do. Have a great night and again, thank you for your support. Tomorrow we will be giving away free sample bites of all 3 mouth watering flavors of Kobe Red for anyone that will text us a review of our jerky. We will be outside of the Great GoogaMooga Brooklyn Prospect Park music festival. We will be there from 3pm until we run out of jerky. If you are in the area please come by for a free bite. We will be wearing Kobe Red "Rising Sun" t-shirts. thank you so much and we hope to see you there. In less than a day and a half we reached our project goal and it's all because of you. It was our goal but your accomplishment. We are so excited to bring you the worlds best jerky and just as proud to be the recipient of your trust. Thank you so much. YOU DID IT! Thank you so much for supporting our dream of bringing you the best jerky in the world. On our first day we have reached a third of our project goal and it's all because of you. thank you for being the first of hopefully many Kickstarters to try our jerky, you're going to love it.