This post has been a long time coming and due to an insane work schedule the last couple of weeks I have not been able to complete it as quickly as I had hoped. As you'll see below this wasn't a simple update to write and I have had to straighten out some logistical pieces as well. I apologize for the delay and not being able to communicate during the interim. I've also made this post public for anyone to see. When I started this project, I had high hopes for achieving something that had not been done before: compressed carbon fiber sunglasses. I had very applicable experience in composite manufacturing (nearly 3 years in the Aerospace industry as a Composite Manufacturing Engineer) and building a company with manufactured goods (Co-founder of PocketToolX, sold to Leatherman Group in 2012). This project didn't seem too audacious when I set out, but now over 2.5 years later it certainly became that way. Here's why: 1. Going solo; no co-founder. When I started the project, I was just wrapping up the sale of my previous company where the relationship with my co-founder had been both good and bad at times. So I decided to go it alone with Kolstom. In hindsight, this was likely the single biggest issue. Earlier this year, I was able to find an awesome person to bring onto the project, but the culmination of previous decisions didn't make for an easy way to move the needle forward together. A "co-founder" near the beginning of this project would have been better. Co-founders bring additional perspective to problems and help to share the workload. More importantly, I believe, they help to pull each other through the ups and downs of a project/start-up. Life happens and no one person can be 100-percent, 100-percent of the time -- when one person is down, the other picks up the slack or pulls the other one forward. 2. Domain knowledge is not always enough. I had plenty of experience building carbon fiber aerospace components using autoclave and compression molding machines. I did not have direct experience building something so complex and having such ultra-thin walls/ribs. 3. Product development is not always easy. Before starting Kolstom, I had developed probably about a dozen different products (outside of work) and, with one exception, never ran into any major road blocks. That's not saying they were easy but they certainly weren't as difficult as Kolstom. Multiple rounds of bad tooling, vendor issues/changes, feasibility issues, etc. 4. Scope Creep &amp; Perfectionism. I made a huge mistake early-on by expanding the scope of the product when I had overfunded the original goal. Add to that my propensity to be a perfectionist and I've compounded the standard product development hair pulling. For the most part, I was worrying about shipping a bad product rather than shipping, period. Minimum. Viable. Product. 5. Life Happens. Being an optimist, I don't always include the life factor: a full-time job and family. Over the course of the project my wife and I got pregnant, had a kid and experienced some major personal health issues. Life happens for everyone outside of Kickstarter but I could have been more realistic with the development schedule and effort. All that being said, this has been as much a product development learning experience as it has been a life learning experience for me. CESSATION Simply put, I've decided to cease working on the project. I'm using the word "cease" rather than "quit" or "give-up" because I feel that I've put a solid and good faith effort into the project and my view of success for it is now accepting the non-completion of its original objective. Objectively, the time, money and sanity required to finish it, as originally defined, is not worth it from almost every perspective. This wasn't a decision that I took lightly. I talked to close friends and ssuccessfulbusiness associates (several had backed the project) to check myself before moving forward with this decision. I 100% believe that this is the best decision for both myself as the Project Creator and all of you, the Backers. I will be offering refunds for anyone that requests one; more details on that below. FINANCES Before I get into the refund process and details, here are some figures that might be helpful for you to understand where the raised funds went. Earlier this year I started to spend my own money to move the project forward, as I had spent all that had been raised. My conservative estimate of what would be needed to finish the project, if I were to continue, would be just under $30,000. LEGAL "The fact that Kickstarter allows creators to take risks and attempt to create something new is a feature, not a bug." ( Kickstarter FAQ ) As per the applicable Terms of Service ( link ), I will comply with the requirement to provide refunds for everyone who requests one: "Project Creators agree to make a good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date... ...A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." Furthermore, there was a blog article about Accountability, posted by Kickstarter a few months after this project was funded. ( link ) "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?" "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill... ...We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." I, personally, feel this is a sticky point with crowdfunding and provide some of my thoughts in the "Thoughts on Crowdfunding" section below. REFUND DETAILS I am not financially capable to immediately issue refunds to everyone that requests one, nor I am able to provide an accurate timetable at the moment. My goal is to wrap up refunds by the end of 2015. Besides selling whatever can be sold, such as the CNC machine, my plan is to utilize personal funds as well as pursuing a much simpler carbon fiber product using the raw materials I still have. I plan on issuing updates via comments in regards to refund status as we move along. Please fill out the form, linked in the previous Backer Only update, to request a refund. There are multiple options for the refund outlined in that update. You MUST fill out the form to receive a refund. THOUGHTS ON CROWDFUNDING Perhaps the general public is now more aware of the risks of Kickstarter in that the website is not a store where you can go and get deals on new products. There's a lot of risk, and since this project was funded Kickstarter has made some decent changes to reduce the risk for potential backers. For the project creators, innovators and crazy ones like myself there will always be a great deal of risk when you venture to do something that hasn't been done before. In the distant future, perhaps the crowdfunding model for product-oriented projects will shift from offering a product as a reward to something else entirely. This isn't to lessen the importance of prudent expenditure of the resources raised by the project creator but to decrease the perception that what the backers are pledging towards is something that has a 100% chance of success. Creating something new is not easy. These thoughts aren't meant to offer some sort of excuse as to why this projected ended up where it did; or to lessen my responsibility to refund everyone that wants a refund. I still believe that crowdfunding is here to stay and will always be a backer to things that I see the potential in. CONCLUSION I set out to do something that hadn't been done before, and still hasn't been in the fashion that I was attempting. I presented the concept of a product that I felt 100% capable of producing within a certain time frame. That time frame has long gone and, as I outlined above, it is not worthwhile to continue with the project. Thank you for your support and believing in both me and the idea. Early adopters like you make new ventures possible. Cheers to you, Justin Previous Project Update Image Gallery Ps. While I am all for everyone speaking their minds and voicing their opinions about anything and everything, I am not a proponent of slander, false accusations or ill-will toward someone else. Attacking my character when you don't know me personally, especially over a small sum of money, is something that I take seriously. For that reason, I won't be fielding the negative comments that will likely be posted, from this point forward. Thank you! Thank you! THANK YOU!!! The funding period is now officially over and thanks to everyone we exceeded our original funding goal of $15,000 by 535% -- for over $80,000 in funds for 500+ pre-orders. INSANE! Here's what's going to happen next: 1. Funds will be available for transfer from Kickstarter and Amazon around April 15th and subsequently in our account 3-5 business days later. 2. Development of the tooling and final product design has made great progress and we'll be able to place our orders for tooling and materials once the funds hit the bank. Expect an update next week with some images of the progress on the tooling/machinery design. 3. I'll keep everyone updated about 3-4x per month on the progress, or whenever a major milestone has been accomplished. We may post mini-updates or images on our Facebook page ( <url>"Like" us to see new things in your feed. 4. We're going to make every effort to deliver your rewards early, but at the latest they'll ship in June. Thanks again! Justin Ps. If anyone (such as your friends) is still interested in pre-ordering the classics, they can do so on our website through PayPal ( <url>"Like" our Facebook page and share it with your friends: <url>"Pin" or "Like" on Pinterest <url>"Like" our Facebook page: <url>"Pin" or "Like" on Pinterest <url>