My 3 shirts arrived earlier this week. They are even better tan I imagined. Ill be ordering more straight away. Brilliant Job guys So it's been a while but I decided that I like my shirt a lot more than I initially thought. There is a darker vertical line on the left breast and the seams aren't great but that's only when you focus on sections. The shirt on the whole looks great and I wear it with a deep v grey cardigan that really pulls intellectual and classy together. Thank you for making these shirts. I can't wait to get some posters for my house when I finally move. Hey, Danny! I was reading some of the comments.. And I just would like to say that you've created a brilliant tshirt! People were saying that they werent going to wear it, because of some print issues and whatnot.. since we all back your project, it is not always about the money, but the support! I was going thru all my clothes and I've found a top that will allow me to wear the tshirt.. I JUST came back here to tell you that.. I'm so happy because I'm gonna be able to wear it now!! YESSSS!! I dont care AT ALL about those print issues, actually, I think it adds a little to the design.. it makes the shirt unique and different.. and thats awesome! If I could, I would wear this to my wedding hahahahaha thats how truly awesome it is! I got kinda sad when I saw people saying that they werent going to wear it and all that.. so I decided to find something that I could wear with it.. glad that I did! I will definitely keep looking foward to your new creations! :) This kinds of things happens.. just dont give up on it! Hey, you guys! Finally got my t shirt and it is really awesome!! I just wanna point it out that the V neck is waaaaaaaaaaaaaa...aaaaaaaaaaaaay too long. It does not fit me, I gave it to my cousin, but it doesnt fit her either, I tried to give it to my friend.. and guess what? it does not fit her either.. the last person i tried was my mom.. but it does not fit her either.. and yes, we all wear small, except for my mom, she wears medium, but since it was big on everybody else, i thought i would give it a try.. but it was big on her too.. I tried to use with another tshirt underneath, but it looks really weird, i didnt like it.. :'( so, to sum it up: i have the most awesome tshirt of all times, but it does not fit ANYONE that i know. so it would probably just sit there in my drawer 5ever. Kinda sad, but it is still a cool tshirt. Are the online and mailed out codes supposed to be different? I gave them to the person and they weren't sure if it mattered which code they used (both work). ordered mine January 31st.. and it is not here yet.. :'( (BRAZIL) Hi, I just want to check if anybody else in the UK has got theirs yet? Am still waiting... Thank you so much for my very beautiful and special Gatsby shirt. It arrived safely today in Australia, and I am thrilled. It's perfect! x I just got my Peter pan last week and i love it! I think it is a great and a unique shirt! I got the Great Gatsby tshirt. I was wondering, how much of the book is on there? I was expecting the whole book on there but it seems it's barely a few pages? Just curious Also, the steps don't line up on The Great Gatsby. Not entirely disappointed, but I doubt I'd wear it in public without covering up the seams with another shirt. If anything it'll be interesting to sleep in. love my shirt. love it. and really enjoying all the new designs you keep adding. i actually like the fading at the seams. noone was really thinking about READING the whole tshirt, right? this way it looks like a used book, fading at the spine. Got my three shirts in the mail today! I'm amazed at how quickly they came. And just in time too as the one friend that I wanted to give one to is going back to Japan tomorrow. I am a little disappointed in the "all over printing" as for some of the shirts, it's very clear that the sides weren't actually attempted, but stopped the print about 1cm before. Also, the armpits don't look very good. I'm really just nitpicking, as I am overall very impressed with the shirts. They look very good. I don't think anyone will really wear it as just a t-shirt. I'll probably put it under a button down or a cardi so the seams aren't too noticable. The next seams all look really good which I think is the most important aspect. Thanks for the great product, Danny. I'll make sure to keep an eye out for any new amazing things that I can gift to people. While the front and back of my shirt look AMAZING, the shoulders are wrinkled and faded :( Thanks for the prompt reply. :) Did I miss any e-mail updates about the wallpapers? The last I got was on the 5th of January. Thanks for the update. Do you have an estimate for when the screen prints and XL posters will be available? Awesome! Thanks, Danny. I panicked when I saw your final update e-mail. Looking forward to hearing back soon! Did I miss the email on the custom digital Litograph? Is there a way to enter multiple codes into one order? Once I enter a code, there is no longer a space to put in another, and I would prefer to order multiple shirts in one go (and I assume that you guys don't want to process multiple orders unnecessarily)! I'm confused, where do you add the code on the website... Is there a spot in checkout..? This user's account has been deleted. It doesn't give me the option to enter the 3 codes I received for t-shirts. Meaning I'll have to pay shipping three times if I want to purchase. 3 more days until I can order my goods! ok Thank you I haven't got the gift certificate or the email yet ? when will i get it? Ah, Ok I found it. Thanks for the quick response! Okay I got the Gift Certificate but it's completely blank. is is supposed to be blank? I don't know if anyone has asked this already but how can I tell what books are in the public domain? Hey Danny, I hope you are doing well! Sorry to have read such rude comments written to you below by some of your backers... perhaps none of them have ever had a really great product that WENT CRAZY with such success and may have caught you off guard with your means to deliver... anyway, I'm not going to **** about anything, I'd just like to ask which size will be delivered as a reward for the Flatbed print? I'm guessing 18x24 but I'm not sure... please let me know... I'd like to have my frame ready for it when it's delivered!!! Awesome idea by the way, and LOADS of continued success to you!!! :-) Disregard the previous comment. I found the survey :) Could you email me the survey again? I apparently deleted it and I need to fill it out in order to get the t-shirt Thanks, Lisa I didn't realize that the t-shirts would be late January. I was hoping to give one as a gift to my friend before she flies back to Japan. I'll just have to mail it to her i guess. I said I wanted a digital and physical certificate, but a digital certificate first. When will I be getting these (because none have arrived yet)? When will we get the certificate in the mail. I thought it was going to be delivered by the 24th but its not here Dude, where the hell are the t-shirts at? don't see t-shirts on the website??? This user's account has been deleted. I asked for the digital copy, but it has not arrived in my inbox. I was wondering when i would be able to expect it. Thanks Oh Danny-Boy! $100K. Holy shit. That's what I call "The Howell Bump"! Hi Danny, If we asked for a digital gift certificate, when can we expect to receive it. And this is a silly question, but we'll be able to use the digital gift certificate to redeem a gift on Lithographs.com, correct? Thanks! Great Idea !! Excellent timing for the festive season as well !! One question, I didn't see an option asking if i was sending the gift certificate as a gift or not, am i right to assume the address i sent in the survey is where the gift certificate is going to be sent to? What a fabulously successful project! Congratulations, Danny. I'm so excited about this. :) Wow... a nice round number to finish off. Looking forward to getting to the shirts! Quick question. If we were to order the tshirts as soon as the reward hits our doorstep, how soon might we be getting the shirts? This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations!! You guys should seriously look into doing a set for George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series. It's huge now with the show and I personally would buy a print for each book in the series. There, backed! Great Christmas-gift indeed. I wonder if it's normal to buy ~30 % of the Christmas gift on Kickstarter... I'm an addict by now, geez. :-P Hi Danny, do you expect to send out the gift certificates this week? The Peter Pan shirt is irresistible -- great design. All my friends will love it! As nice as the peter pan one is, I think my mind is still made up on the Moby Dick, Great Gatsby and Alice in Wonderland shirts. Buying half of the designs is still sound with me. For those of us who will be receiving the 5 1st edition screen prints, when will the 5th design be chosen? After the Kickstarter ends, will you make more of the posters available as t-shirts? And if so, could we use a gift certificate for a t-shirt outside of the first 5/6? I've got two ordered for Christmas presents, but the book I'd be looking for for myself (The Arabian Nights) isn't yet available as a poster. So... What's going on with the 5th and 6th t-shirt? I pledged for a Litographed picture (super cool idea). Should I just wait for an email? I would love a Dracula t-shirt. Awesome design on the new poster. Just upped the pledge for 3 shirts. Please don't take anymore of my money :P Danny, Your ideas are genius! Perfect for my roomate's gift for the holidays. Will the gift certificate ship to the amazon billing address? Or the address given in the survey that it said you'd send out? I'm a little confused! Thank you! Hey Danny, loved the Designs especially Alice. Just one thing iam curious about, do we get our gift certificates on our mail or e-mails? We want lots of t-shirts! Hi Danny - Our pledge of $100 is for two T-shirts: one Moby Dick Mens XXL and one Alice Womens Large. (not the XL flatbed) We love the idea! -Gene and Janet Newman @Bart Thanks, that's what I'm hoping, but I'd still like official clarification. Also, I think that (just like the non-XL posters) the XL pledge level allows you to get any of those 3 sizes. But I'm sure official clarification would be best. @Griffin: I think it's then only $10 shipping: "The $10 international shipping charge covers one shipment of gift certificates and [...] rewards" I have one question regarding the XL posters: there are 3 sizes mentioned on the main page (30x45, 32 x 48 and 36x54), but there is only one backers level (and price) for them. How does this work exactly? Is each book only available in a specific size? Or can we choose what size we want and is the only limit the amount of space we have on our walls? What about if I'm getting it shipped to the same address? If I pledge to get multiple shirts at the international shipping, do I have to add 10 for every shirt? Think my friends would love one, but they're stingy little bastards any chance the shirts will be available in a "negative". Like white font on a black shirt? Dreaming a dream that sometime down the road Les Miz will become a t-shirt choice? Especially with the Movie launching soon both movie goers and book readers will enjoy it. @Sebastian At the end of the Kickstarter Campaign, Danny will email everybody a survey sent through Kickstarter. In that survey, you will be asked for your Address. When you fill out the survey, Danny will mail you a Litograph Letterpress Gift Certificate where you can go online (in January) and pick out the shirt and size you would like. At checkout, you can enter the coupon code on your letterpress gift certificate and it will drop the price to zero, in standard gift certificate style. Hope that helped. Where can I pick which tshirt design I want? And where do i give my address and size to complete the order? Ahh! I see it now! Looked a little more horizontal than I thought, but I can see the outline on the screen. Thanks. Still left the shipping question to be answered. I assume that since +$10 for outside the US that the shipping will be covered from the website, but I just wanted to ask. great job danny, cant wait for the t shirt, it'll be a great addition to my shirt collection. what a kickass idea. BTW if you havent backed, you got 20 days, back this project and spread the word. Also, on the image of the printing process, there is a strip at the bottom of the shirt that isn't printed on. I presume that its because of either the size of the shirt or a test run on the quality. Will there be any problems with the size variation in shirts and the print coverage? Will the gift certificate cover the shipping for the items pledged for? Hey Danny, I know your mom from temple. I did back you, I think $70 the other day and was a bit confused about the "reward" math so I said NO REWARD. Now, I really want to order a shirt for my mom...Can u e mail me so I can do this? Thanks, Beth Nast, Wellesley, MA <email> ps love your business and have told folks about it, and they love it too... Very special! Just came from the Lithograph site. I see I'll be spending some money. Might I suggest Robin Hood and Three Musketeers for future items? You've got a great thing going. I have been trying to figure out my decorating style for the apartment I want. I've always been passionate about literature and these works of art offer the PERFECT expression of my taste. I'm so thrilled that a friend shared this with me, and I'm SUPER EXCITED to get to design my poster!! I can't believe I'll own something so unique and beautiful! And for so little! $150 seems so small to pay for such a creation - I hope to hear from you soon Danny! My congratulations to you and if I could I'd shake your hand...scratch that, I'd hug you...and I'm not a hugger. AH! I cannot wait!!! :D This user's account has been deleted. This makes me positively giddy! You're a legend, Danny. Thank you! I'm definitely asking for Litograph gift certificates for Christmas and hope to be able to buy t-shirts in the future. Is there a possibility to get 2 custom digital litographs? If yes - how? I love your design! and I'm getting three of them! I know you had mention about shipping in Canada and refund. So I do add in the 10 dollars shipping now and how will you refund later? Cheers! great :D Thanks for answering so fast - I'll do just that! :) I can't wait to receive a shirt! I think this is such a beautiful way to commemorate the books. Great idea! What a great and unique idea. Love the t-shirt !! great project! :D I have to to agree with steffen - it's a bummer that there is no tier with more shirt-options. They look super awesome! This user's account has been deleted. And the wallpapers as well, I would very much like those as well..... What a fantastic idea.... The shirts are super cool. But what to do if I want more shirt? How about creating a reward with all 5 shirt? I would be interested in that. Danny - Awesome stuff you got going on here. I'm in. Hope you're doing well! It's been a long time. This is a great idea - unique and powerful- as a teacher I can see using these prints and tee shirts in my classroom - thank you - D. Robbins