Contrary as to what certain people believe, LUCI is a very real project well on its way to becoming the gold standard in lucid dream induction. The device is still scheduled for release in February. We understand that more than 2500 of you were looking forward to receiving your LUCI and were disappointed when we announced that we found funding elsewhere. That's why we wish to offer you the chance to receive your LUCI at the same date and for same price as we were offering on Kickstarter. In order for us to estimate the demand, please LIKE this update if you would consider buying a LUCI for $150 when it goes for sale in February. Dear LUCI backers, We would like to inform you that we have signed a funding agreement with another private lender. The offer came to us this week from a generous Kickstarter user who is extremely passionate about our project. After a face to face meeting earlier this evening with our prototype in hand, he offered to back the totality of our project with terms that we could simply not refuse. And with the direction that this campaign is going, dealing with a single person instead of 2500 doubtfuls made our choice very easy. We still think Kickstarter is a great medium, but it clearly has some serious moderation issues. Giving them $20,000 in commissions for allowing such a circus on their website does not seem appropriate. We will be sticking with more conventional funding sources like we have in the past. You should expect to see LUCI for sale early spring for the suggested retail price of $299. Sincerely, The LUCI team We have narrowed down our search for a circuit designer who will be capable of implementing the features you all asked for. We are very excited that these features are now plausible and we hope to deliver the best product possible in the spring! Please look out for our next update where we will be compiling a list of all the requested features. It will be the last chance to add things to the list before the project goes into full force. Thank you once again for all your support!!! Hi guys! There seems to be a little bit of disapproval with our time away, so we thought we'd take a few minutes to write an update. Some people were wondering if we were a registered business. The Quebec business registry was out for maintenance during the weekend, but it appears to be back online. You'll find our registration (Caluka Group) by clicking on the following link: <url>• A power-on confirmation would be cool, but we'll probably keep it simple, like in the form of hearing your actual brainwaves for like 5 seconds when you turn it on. • For the external speakers options, you will be able to plug amplified speakers to the stereo jack. • I wouldn't pay attention to the naysayers. There will always be naysayers and skeptics about everything. There are some people even denying the existence of lucid dreams, even though half the population has already experienced at least one in their lifetimes! • We wanted to offer a set of 2 luci's and a set of 4, but Kickstarter made us remove them saying that we can't offer more than one of our product. In the set of 2, one of them was the original, and the other was a Limited Editions, and they still wouldn't accept it. • We've tested the headband on all head sizes, including children. If your head is really huge, maybe we could offer an extender, but you would have to cut the headband. The silicone material we will be using has an elasticity of 500%. • In order to avoid false alerts, the device will only trigger when it samples the desired frequency for 60 seconds non-stop. We experience 4-5 REM stages per night, each progressively longer, so there will be plenty of opportunities. • Vocal alert WILL be customizable with your own recording • Headphone jack will be included • Short-wire ear buds will be included • Black Limited Edition and KS green version will never be offered again after this campaign • No wireless for now There are numerous comments regarding the lack of communication on our part. We apologize immensely if you had a question pending. Please note that most of our communication is performed in the form of updates. Also, since we receive over 100 private messages every day, we usually don't answer the questions that are already answered in our FAQ (about 80%). So please check our FAQ before submitting a question. We are extremely busy sourcing parts and materials, so we are greatful for your understanding. While we have decided to include a headphone jack, you can rest assured that we will still include short wire earbuds with the device. :) It turns out that the vast majority of you would like a headphone jack instead of the earphones being hard-wired to the headband. This makes perfect sense. Not only will it allow you to use any headset that you want, it will also simplify the design and manufacturing. Thanks to all who have answered our feature poll! Today we hit the $200,000 mark. Once again, we would like to thank all who have backed this project and shared it on Facebook and Twitter. We have been very busy sourcing materials and parts, so please bare with us if you still have an unanswered question. We receive over 100 questions daily so please check if your question is part of our FAQ before submitting it. Let's keep it going! YES OR NO ... Would you prefer that the headband include a headphone jack instead of the integrated earbuds? This morning, we busted the $100,000 in funding! So thank you everybody for your wonderful support. Many people are asking us if we plan to put stretch goals. We prefer not to promise anything in the form of stretch goals. We rather make the simple promise that more funds will allow us to create a better and more refined product in the end. What a great weekend for the campaign! Logging in this Monday morning to see that we’ve blown through the $50,000 mark is really rewarding. It proves how much demand there is for such a device. We have received lots of messages and thus have many questions to answer, so please bear with us if you’ve sent us a question over the weekend. Also, all the useful suggestions we’ve received has prompted us to write up a poll with your most wanted features. You can expect it to be posted this week. We’ve also received a lot of press, so we will be adding some links to those articles. Good stuff! Let’s keep up the momentum! Thank you everyone for making us reach our $40,000 goal! From now on, it's all about taking your feedback and determine what can be done to improve Luci to be the best device that it can be. Today we breezed through the 30,000$ mark. We're almost there. Remember to share this project with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. It makes a huge difference. And it will affect the features on the production model. Thank you everyone! On this third morning we're 50% funded! Thanks for all who have funded the project so far. And also to those who have shared our project with their friends. We've had another great day and we're almost halfway to our funding goal! Thank you once again to everybody who's helping us. We've changed our profile image since it shows the product a little better. Now this is getting exciting! Thank you so much for all who have backed the project so far. We are 1/5 of the way to our goal. Let's blast try to blast through our funding goal so we can make LUCI exactly the way YOU guys want it! Hey guys! What a nice surprise to wake up this morning and see that LUCI is already 10% funded! Thank you so much to everyone who has supported us so far. We're working hard to reply to all your questions. Also, keep your suggestions coming. We will talk about them at our next team meeting. The LUCI team