Well, I'm glad Al Lowe got to make a Larry game on his own terms even if it was the second remake of the first one. I wonder what ever happened to Paul Trowe. I last I heard that he got into cryptocurrency many years back. If he really got into crypto then he must be wealthy enough to fund all 7 (6?) Larry remakes and complete Lust in Space with money leftover for Sam Suede. I just figured out now that Sam Suede is a play on Sam Spade. Much more clever than "Wet Dreams Don't Dry" or whatever nonsense those Germans came up with. From what I can tell, there's going to be a conclusion to that series, "wet dreams dry twice" which from playing the demo I can tell you is going to be more of the same. More farts, more "get it? It's a penis!" and "Get it? he's a loser" and more "ORANGE MAN BAD". Like with WDDD, I won't be playing it, I'll wait for someone to post a walkthrough and watch it. I wanted to like WDDD but it was too soy-like. The guys who created it were major soy boys. It's pretty bad when the women who worked on the project wanted more nudity than they actually put in the game. The only character I truly liked was Nari and what she did to Larry was painful and probably fatal in WDDD. If you really can help email me at <email> if you feel comfortable. Keys? The game was released DRM free to us. You just need to download it from....somewhere. Surely someone put it out there. I'd help you out but KS refuses to implement a PM system. 2 and 3 would have been amazing! They are my all time favorite. What an absolute waste this caused :( Looking back, I'm very sad to see how things turned out. For Al's sake, and Al's sake ONLY I don't regret backing this project. But just imagine what could have bee, with reloaded series, especially 2 and 3 would have benefited, 3 is still my fav of the 'first' trilogy, 6 is actually my favorite of the 'sequel' trilogy. Having said that, Wet Dreams don't Dry is a surprisingly good 'Larry 8', I just wish Al was involved in some capacity Oh bugger, I never got around downloading and playing the game either. Saw it on GOG sale just now and thought that I own that already... I doubt you can get them by any official means anymore. Replay games are now, as far I know, defunct. You might try approaching Josh Mandel or Al Lowe about it, but I don't know if they can do anything about it. The game itself was developed by nFusion, so that might be an additional avenue of approach. <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Just when you think he couldn't sink any lower. .. Hey people, have you seen this? Paul Trowe isn't bothering with paying Al Lowe his royalties <url>"forward the issue" (the resend e-mail not working) to the tech team. Still no key, three weeks after contacting them. By far the worst customer support ever. This project has given me a new found understanding for piracy. What do you need a key for? Just go to somewhere like ISOHunt and download what you paid for. @Martin O: That's the one. I tried contacting them on Kickstarter, but ten days later I haven't seen a reply (and I haven't created a login previously). I guess I won't get the key I paid for. @Ithilien: Are you talking about <url>"We shipped" email in my kickstarter mailbox (but I have hundred and hundreds of other KS emails). How do I ge the Mac or iOS version? Yes, i would like to have a link to get the steam key. What are you guys trying to do? Get the game? If that's the case then let me know and I'll make sure an external link is setup so anyone here can get it. Yeah, I hadn't gotten around to this before now either - and since the resend email link doesn't work now and apparently didn't 10 days ago.... well, we'll see. well Jeroen, all I have to say is you made a deal with the Devil and now he's coming home to roost. But instead of the Devil being a man wearing red with a pitchfork, he's a bitter vindictive (alleged) gay pedophile little man who weaseled his way through life. So, I totally forgot about this game, tried the resend email link, but still waiting after a few hours for the email. Guess this was a lost. Any Lovecraft lovers out there? If so, just search on Kickstarter! It has been a while since I have dropped in here and it saddens me to see nothing has changed! Hopefully the bulk of KS adventure game backers don't peek in here to see what a pile of crap this has turned out to be!!! I would hate to think that Paul Trowel has the potential to screw up the adventure game revival!!! @Justin - thanks man. It just sucks. Everyone involved was awesome. Just 1 person that screwed it all up. Not with 1 person but with anyone involved. Don't forget that Activision doesn't own the rights to LSL, CodeMasters does. First of all I have to say that I feel really sorry and kinda angry that many of you didn't get the items they paid for. It’s also very sad to see how this all has turned out. Two years ago we had this vibrant, happy atmosphere where we all were looking forward to reviving the Larry franchise and finally get new reloaded versions of the old games and eventually the long awaited Larry 8. But what happened..now Al and Josh have parted ways with ReplayGames. On the other hand ReplayGames who as far as I know have acquired the rights for Larry, don't seem to care about the rest of the Larry games, as the forums are now flooded by spam messages. Does anybody has a clue how this story will go on? On the official ReplayGames twitter you could read a comment about Larry 2 ("major funding coming in.." something like that) Does anybody has more info on this? Now with Sierra Online back online ;-) it would be a dream come true to have Larry 2 reloaded or even better a new Larry 8 Does anyone has an idea bout what we could do to make this dream come true? We did start the 69cent movement and we can always start a new thing when needed.. ( Probably we could start a kickstarter to aquire the rights or better help Sierra aquire the rights and get the team back to work on the games) Anyway tell me what you think.. till then.. Regards Tomtom Jeroen, WTF? That is ridiculous. I have a good backup as well. I think it's time to make sure it always stays on The Pirate Bay. Maybe an upload once a month to News Groups. So, does Replay's forums have any other kinds of topics these days than kitchen sales bots? That's was the main content there when I last time visited. It's a good thing I have good backups of this game as I'm now being denied access to download my paid for tier: We have determined your behavior during your time volunteering with Replay Games to have been unprofessional and harmful to the company as a whole. To ensure that my time is spent on behalf of our customers, we have permanently banned your account, IP address, as well as blocking your email address. Thank you, Replay Games C.S. Sierra doesn't own it anymore so that doesn't really matter. LSL will live on in the sense that so many people love it so much. This **** won't change that. Replay Games however is in deep shit. Backed the game for $115, but never received any rewards, except for the digital download of the game. My name was also supposed to be included in the credits, but I couldn't see it anywhere. Not that I really care that much anymore.. After Trowe's sex-scandal (among the heap other scandals he's caused), the LSL games are now, sadly, usually referred to as the "sex-offender-games" around these parts, so getting that T-shirt isn't quite as attractive anymore. It's kind of fascinating how one man alone managed to ruin such a well established and beloved franchise in such a short time. Even more fascinating is how he points fingers everywhere but at himself. Really sad. Maybe the resurrection of the Sierra brand can help save it, but I fear it's too late. "Is Paul Trowe in prison yet? I'd love to see the headline... Ex Replay CEO sent to prison Immediately became inmates' sex slave" Bwahahahaha! He would probably enjoy that. He'd go to all the inmates and say "can you hand me the soap so I can drop it?" Hey Paul... you suck at everything. Hopefully now that Sierra has been reanimated, there is a small (quantum small, mind you) that we will get a new Larry game. The whole reason I backed the game back then was to eventually see a true Larry sequel. I was really only interested in replaying Larry 2 and 3, because it something of challenge with the ancient graphics and horrible control in the Good old Games version. So sad that Paul Trowe turned out to be such an asshole. So, a friend brought Paul's "honesty" comment to my attention this morning so I thought I'd check out the comments on this long dead project. I'm so sorry to hear that so many of you have not received your packages yet or had them delayed to the point of giving up. The fact that he told some of you "tough shit" or "you've got to pay for us to resend the missing package" is just not right. You deserve better than this. Is Paul Trowe in prison yet? I'd love to see the headline... Ex Replay CEO sent to prison Immediately became inmates' sex slave Thanks Martin! You should be able to download it from Replay Games homepage: <url>"tuff shit"....what a **** move. What do you know, I actually got a reply. And It seems I lost my money. "Hello Lassi, I want to start off by thanking you for supporting the Leisure Suit Larry: Reloaded Kickstarter campaign. We are sincerely grateful to have dedicated fans, such as yourself, who helped Larry come again. By donating to our Kickstarter, we promised to use your donation to reload Larry and ship one set of rewards to you as a sign of appreciation. The Kickstarter was a huge undertaking: we sent 90% of the rewards in August 2013, 9% of the remaining rewards in December 2013, and the last stragglers up until May 9th. We had some packages returned to us and heard reports of packages going missing. Although what happens to packages is out of our control once they’ve been shipped, we put a lot of effort and resources into resolving these backer situations. It felt great helping those people that had been in constant contact with us, but we have now run out of resources (product, time, and money) that we can use to resolve any more outstanding issues. At this time, we have set our sights on moving forward and need to dedicate our time to providing awesome new content for the world. I understand that this may come off as offensive or taken as a sign that we don’t care about the little guy. This, however, is not the case. I personally spent all of my work hours in recent history dealing with missing rewards for customers on an individual basis. When sending packages to 15,207 backers (many of whom are international), there are bound to be a couple of packages that go M.I.A. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by this mishap. Thank you, Replay Games Customer Service" No rewards here either, I did have the right address and everything. 165$ lost, I guess. seems like paul trowe was the first to get his pedophilia charges from the 80's deleted from EU search results... Paul you slimey little flying squirrel. You are the lowest I've learned one thing from backing video games on kickstarter: Wait for games to be released, THEN buy it. So begin to believe mine is lost... unless it has been shipped by sea. And all the reserve has already been claimed by others, according to the support. So... :( I've had more luck; after something like 9 months of waiting, the package miraculously arrived, with everything relatively unscathed. Thanks to anyone that might've helped or tried to help in getting the ball rolling again. Hopefully I won't be the only fortunate one. I had figured when my T-shirt had not showed up in the post after all this time that perhaps they hadn't been shipped like a lot of the kick starter projects I have backed, after emailing customer support I had a very polite message that summarised as 'too bad, looks like it got lost in the post', as much as I enjoyed playing the game, I paid $15 extra on postage for an item that never arrived :( there's no way I don't feel jipped! Reading that comment from Seba seems to indicate PT did indeed read my e-mail and acted on it, but did not bother to put that in a reply to me. If that is indeed the case, maybe a small piece of PT's credibility is still at large. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Is Paul Troll at it again? Here's a hint: Take all the bad mannerisms about Leisure Suit Larry, subtract any sort of redeeming qualities, exacerbate all the things that annoy you by a factor of 15, and switch his sexual orientation and you'll get Paul. That's basically him in a nutshell. Did You try getting in touch with them recently Krom? For anyone still without their stuff that haven't heard anything lately, try sending another email with Your situation to the CS address. They had indeed put someone into Customer Service a few weeks ago, and that person has been responsive, apologetic and helpful (the amount of work is likely much lower than before, but still). Turned out my package bounced back to them, due to the City missing from the address on the label (...). They will be sending it out yet again, out of their own pocket (only asking me to cover additional tracking if I wanted it this time). Not sure if that's a "global" change of stance, or it's based on who (they conclude) made the error. Anyway, get in touch if You're not fed up by now; who knows how long that person will be there. Good luck. Still waiting for my 150$ package...Guess I will never receive it and that pisses me off, really. Thank you kindly Paul. I sincerely hope karma pays you back. That does sound a bit like extortion. 50 bucks to have my package with a tracking number. I have never seen a price so high for a little box (cd, game and an artbook). That sucks! And a lot more, when I remember to have seen a physical box of this game in a mall for just 1 euro. @Pbob... Well said... It saddens me to think what could have happened here without PT. We may have had a long-term and quite successful resurrection of Larry if Al and Josh were at the helm! For reference, I'm KS-wise also dabbling in comics/publishing. IIRC every publisher there takes into account lost packages and replaces them at no extra cost. It is clear Replay Games is no ordinary publisher if they're asking extra for sending replacements for lost shipments. It pains me immensely when I think of what could have been accomplished with Replay Games had PT not been at the helm of said company. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Yeah, thanks for trying anyways. Got a reply myself, they're "hoping" to replace the CS person and have someone there next week, if anyone still wants to try to get their packages. They're only doing individual shipments on a per-user basis now, provided the backer covers the shipping costs as mentioned earlier. I do want my stuff, but I don't see myself "upping my pledge" by another fifty at this point. Hopefully there will be someone responsive there soon for anyone who wants to try though; the repeated stretches of radio-silence, leaving us hanging for months was the worst part of this whole shipping debacle. That does suck. I wonder how many were left without their physical rewards on this. Indeed, I know that Kickstarter is not Amazon - that's why Paul Trowe's apology is enough for me. Ultimately this case is not about goodies or money - it's about respect. His first email was totally accurate, but also totally incongruous. Anyway, thanks for having try to help Bob ;) -TAHR Sorry to read that message from Paul here, Tahr/Tristan. He seems to be ignoring my mail, even though I blamed everything on his Customer Service guy. He was right though, technically you didn't pre-order the game. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Indeed, no tracking number, no proof of shipment - nothing but words. Anyway, Thanks guys :) I appreciate your messages. I don't have any FB or Twitter account actually. If you want I can give you my email address though, if I find a way to do it without shouting it from the rooftops. -TAHR Tahr, I'm very sorry for what happened. Like Jeroen said, it's shame for this to happen to anyone, especially you considering how active you were on the forums and with the art you contributed. Feel free to give me a shout sometime, I'd like to keep in touch. Was there no tracking number? I'm so sorry Tahr - I know you were a huge contributing force to the forum especially with the art & animation you created. With all the things that happened (<url>"Tristan, You cannot get a refund because you made a donation, you didn't purchase anything. I spoke to Chris today and he said all the packages went out as planned. Not sure what else to tell you. -Paul" I think it's official now : if you didn't get your KS rewards, you're screwed. Not to mention that the man didn't make any apologize, nothing... Just a big "F*** YOU" to sum up. -TAHR @Riggo: Anyone that was close to this campaign has seen the articles so yes you're totally right :) @Tahr: Interesting - makes sense to contact him there. Hopefully he will relay the message to the "Customer Service" department (whomever that is).Or just make sure the gives you your rewards!! I'm very sorry all of this happened. Unfortunately I think it's only the people that left that are sorry about the turn of events. Someone on the Replay Games forum just posted this : <url>"100% open and honnest" reply... @Palindrome Bob: If you think you can help, whatever the result is, I thank you in advance. @Jeroen Dekkers: To be honnest, I still don't know if he sincerely believes or not in what he says. @Jeroen... That Paul message cracks me up... He didn't lose his business partners because he was "open and honest"... He lost them because he acted like a 5 year old kid and treated his most ardent backers like shit! I think he still needs to look into the honesty thing. ;-) This is all... very sad.... I dont have access to the forum anymore so have no idea what's going on there anymore. I do hope someone is still doing the customer service and is able to help you guys out. Thank you for the link about the comment Tahr (<url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Apparently the last packages have been sent a month ago : <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ ### AGRM-supporter from Day 1 ### So I can see, that I am not the only one to receive absolutely nothing about my physical reward. @Diorm: I sent it to <email> . They also have my address since day one, and I've already received packages from Double Fine (Broken Age), Transolar Games (Hero-U) and Pencil Test Studios (Armikrog), so the issue probably comes from the shipper and/or Replay Games itself, but certainly NOT from me. @ TAHR Where did you send your claim? That's bullshit... I did send my adress back in the days and still nothing! <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ I didnt received my t-shirt either... Hi all, I haven't receive my T-Shirt. Some backers have receive it or not? I haven't received my physical awards yet either... One of the backers on the forums mentioned almost three weeks ago how he had gotten a response from Replay via email, saying the address on file was wrong, and they're asking $40 (50 with tracking) to attempt another shipment. The last response I got was around the same time (March 6th/7th), so seems like they'd been silent again since then. Sigh. I'd like to confirm that I haven't received any physical rewards neither. I pledged $100 (or rather $115 with international shipping). I have tried to contact Replay Games via their site, but haven't gotten any reply back. Needless to say, I'm very disappointed. @barbarian_bros Dude I release with your great picture that bach in the day the store sold me a box with not full doc on it! Damnnnnnnnn @the-other-backers I'm sad to learn that some of us didn't receive the game still sending email it's work for me Still haven't received my rewards yet. Wrote to the customer support on the website several times, and keep getting excuses and "shipping soon" promises, but no rewards yet. Extremely disappointed after giving $100 and lots of support and praise the whole way thru. Even left a message on the Replay Games facebook site and no response. No updates on the page either since early January. Really disappointed they treat fans like this. I waited years for a Larry game, and now get no appreciation for the support. @Tobi... When Al and Josh get the rights... Until then, only thing that will come out will be more versions of LSL8 with Paul as the protagonist. :-) @Tobi , HAHAHAHAHA, a beautiful opportunity destroyed by an egotistical man! @Tobi - LOL!!!!! soooo, when will they make the next installment of LSL? That project was a no brainer! The first game was a pure joy. If you love point and click adventures then go check it out! Sorry for spamming, but please consider backing this new Adventure Kickstarter, fellow Adventure Fans: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ I forgot o say I'm from FRANCE so european shipping arrived! :) The long waiting take a end today I finally had the box with the game :) you can see my review here if you want to read <url>#barbarian_bros. about the box to be fair replaygame always told us that the box will be like de 90's and some game in 90's was like that cd on paper sleeve with no manual. For example POD. But in a other hand we had great game like the day of tentacle where the box was made with full of stuff. Personally I'm happy I was hoping more sketch from the artbook specialy on the animation. But I still happy artbook is too wide, not manual (as there is no manual). I'm a bit disapointed by the content of the box, only the game DVD and the soundtrack CD, each in a basic paper sleeve... No jewel boxes, no manual, no covers... no tracklist/titles for the soundtrack. Even the digital soundtrack has a (jpg) cover and titles, whay not the physical one?. The bonus goodies and the box itself are great, but the box content looks as cheap as a low budget re-release... Another strange design choice : the glass could have a room in the box, it would only have need a 'cut' in the carboard insert, and the manual could have fit in the box... if it was not designed wite an half-inch too long width... I finally got my Lefty's Bar Pack physical rewards today, six months later!!! So there is still hope. I'm in London by the way. Well I finally received my rewards. $100 level and I am in Canada. Pretty disappointed in the whole communication process from Replay Games. Far too many months and no information unless I inquired!!!! You guys need to do better in the future if you hope to have the support of anyone again. Tom, thanks for acting like a Paul. I already know what it states and they clearly did make a good faith try as rewards clearly shipped out. They did however fail to do so by the estimate but kickstarter clearly doesn't care about that. Also, as you can see, rewards are still being shipped out even if very slowly so....nice try but next time try a little harder. Tom what you mean by 80%? what missing? BTW Justin, you're overreacting like a typical 'murrikan. Please read the KS ToS wrt reward packages, and adjust your comment accordingly :-) Delivered here today - with 80% of the promised rewards. For Europeans who have not (yet) received their rewards : min were delivered yesterday, in France. Pictures of unboxing : <url>"Of couse you complain to the mall, why wouldn't you?" You're joking right? I can't believe you are serious. They absolutely are NOT responsible in any way. If you attempted to contact the mall owner they would tell you go talk to the store owner you have a problem with. If you continued to harass the mall owner I would assume they would simply hang up on you and ignore you or possibly file a harassment suit against you. Here's another one. You're walking down the street and some guy jumps out of his house and beats you up. Does the cop arrest the guy that beat you up or the home owner? Seriously, you need to get this stuff straight in your head. Hell, in your case why only go after Kickstarter? All they did was buy a domain from GoDaddy.com. So why not go after them too? While you're at it you might as well go after the whole damn internet consortium! You're using a computer to view Kickstarter right? Might as well sue the manufacture that allowed you to see the internet in the first place. Add your Internet provider to the list.....possibly your phone company. Oh wait! You can't use your computer without electricity....SUE THEM TOO!!! Kickstarter bans people all the time. That doesn't mean they have anything "TO DO WITH THIS". They don't owe you anything. You gave money to a company called Replay Games in exchange for a reward. If you want you can sue Replay Games for your money back or hound them in the comments section but believe me when I tell you, that wont work. Either way, pointing a finger at Kickstarter wont get you anywhere. Of couse you complain to the mall, why wouldn't you? I don't expect KS or the mall to do a refund obviously, but that doesn't mean they can't be partially responsible - KS can ban replay games from their platform, just like the mall can cancel the Radio Shack rental agreement in case of multiple complaints or continued abuse. Tom, probably because they have NOTHING to do with this. If you buy something from someone that you found in the classified section of a newspaper, do you complain to the newspaper? If you get ripped off by a Radio Shack in your local mall do you complain to the mall? Unfortunately your issue is with Replay Games. I guess kickstarter will claim they have nothing to do with this? No package received so far. Unfortunately Amazon Payments does not take fraud complaints for this anymore, because the transaction was too long ago. I guess we know where not to spend any money ever again, eh? Until now I didn't receive any package and we are the 26th January 2014! It's unbelievable who we haven't any information. No tracking number for the package no real date for the dispatch. I tired of all this. I sadly am still missing my rewards aswell :( Yup, Paul really F'ed up. Hopefully people view him as nothing more than a jackhole cog in the huge scheme of things and push to move forward. @matti: Al Lowe had and has nothing to do with sending your rewards. You can thank Paul Troll for that. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Hi all, still missing content in Finland. Backed 100$ +15$ to postage. So thank you Al Lowe for fucking me over. I hope you used that condom that I paid for you. But happy new year for you all! And I wait. Really poor for a company to treat it's backers like this. December 16th, 2013 last contact regarding my rewards. (I'm in Canada) Your package is ready and is awaiting pick up from our shipper. You should be receiving it soon, but probably won't arrive until next year as the holidays will affect arrival times. The team and I here at Replay Games really appreciate your support and patience. Thank you and have a great evening! I'm waitinggggg Myers send me a email saying the packages are on there way ! So i wait I backed this game with 100 dollars hoping it would be successful and make it possible to develop Larry 8 or remake of Larry 2 and 3. Paul Trowe really messed things up at his own company and even actively tried to sabotage other projects. Due to the disastrous consequences of his infantile and criminal behavior, other Larry games will very likely never be (re)made by Al Lowe. Very disappointing, I feel I threw my money in the toilet. I still have not recieved my LSL T-shirt. I got an email on novemver 19th 2013 stating: I just picked them up yesterday personally. They look great! I will do everything in my power to get them out ASAP. Sorry for the delay Britton Mathews Director of Technology Now when will I recieve my LSL T-shirt come. Replay Games, Inc. We are in 2014 and until now didn't receive my rewards :( it's not cool at all Merry Christmas everyone!!!! And there, we go, an avatar to show I have received my LSL swag. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinallly got my swag, its pretty decent mind you however Leisure Suit Larry is over due to one mans ego! Pledged 150$+15$ and got no reward yet .... almost had forgot about it. Not cool at all .. My t-shirt finally arrived in the mail today, in the UK so some others that haven't received theirs might be getting today or soon. Nothing yet in my mailbox. I know the t-shirt my pledge allowed me to expect has to cross an ocean before getting to France, but it's getting quite long. At least I didn't pledge enough for the boxed version of the game... Thank you Mr Lowe for making the right choice and for standing by your fans! It's also nice to see all the recent reports of backer rewards finally arriving. Who knows? Maybe the crazy saga of "Leisure Suit Larry Reloaded" will have a happy ending after all! For most of us, anyway... a lot of problem :( Hmm, looks like my guess was probably accurate. Thanks for the link. Think I'll steer well clear of this lot! @Tomimt - Looks like their webserver is having a bad day. But their 503 error is hilarious: 503 - Service Unavailable An Interactive Fiction by Horace The Endless Server Technician Release 1 / Serial number 110707 / Inform 7 build 6E72 (I6/v6.31 lib 6/12N) HTTP Error You are standing at the entrance to Castle Shotgun. The gates are securely locked, with an unappealing sign on the front. The sign reads "Whoops! RPS is having a bit of a wobbly. Don't worry, we'll be back soon!" To the left of the gates is a large opening in the wall, which Jim is leaning into. John is perched on a small rock nearby, while Alec and Tim are standing on the other side of the gates. A pile of magazines is scattered in a corner. You can see Jim, John, Tim, Alec and a Refresh Button here. > Here's a good summary of things by Rock, Paper, Shotgun: <url>"with all that's happened" and I can't see much around the forums and net other other than the odd aftershock comment, some gay sex case report and something about transsexuals... I will read that kotaku-article at home, unfortunately work-filters block as 'hacking'. Upon closer inspection of my rewards I say this: the "reveal" pen is a regular pen. The nameless royalty on the cards in my tier hasn't been replaced but there's a picture on the back of the cards. Rest of rewards is as described in the tiers. Since it looks like others are also receiving theirs I hope that means all the remaining boxes are now on their way. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Still no rewards. Let's hope Paul didn't all smash them to pieces before being able to ship them. Eh, I don't care what Paul maybe did in the past. That issue is none of our business. What I do care about is what I see with my own eyes regarding actual things that I'm involved with and after reading many of his comments/posts it's clear to me that he's nothing but a Class A POS. If I had to deal with him on a personal or business level I would promptly remove myself from said situation. Oh wow.. Look at this Kotaku article: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ @Richard Vanner. You are not the only one in this situation. My situation is for example just the same. Received an email in September and November that my rewards were coming, but I haven't seen anything yet. Received my t-shirt today here in Canada!!!! The package might have been delayed by the mailing service because the adress recognition used could not put the french character 'é' in the adress sticker. They could not confirm my adress earlier too because of the same reason. I am very satisfied with the experience because of all the games I backed on the same dates, it is the only project who got released. @Cipher; If you still have the packaging, could you let us know when it was dispatched? I just got my reward package in the mail today. I'm glad they are finally here But honestly I'd written it off as a loss a while ago. Replay games really needs to work on it's logistics/ communication/ pr and well everything else really. I hope others that are still waiting get there stuff eventually. I haven't posted on here to date and have been very patient. I have been told once in September and once in November that my rewards ($100 level + $15 for shipping) were coming shortly. This is really disappointing and I am not sure that I would support Replay Games again. I think anyone who was early on the ship list was lucky. My package was missing the poker chips and had a broken shot glass. A month later they sent replacements. Dear, it has indeed been over a month since I got the reply from Chris as well, time sure does fly. I got a message from Replay recently (Nov 27th) asking for my name and email, not sure if whoever sent that wasn't "synced" with Chris and didn't he took care of me earlier, or if they still hadn't shipped the batch by then and were double-confirming or something. Regret to agree with Gonchi at this point, I really liked the swag they came up with for this Kickstarter and would love to get it (the "glorified coaster" treatment of the physical copy doesn't help, but it's still a nice memento to have I guess). But it's getting more than tiresome having to worry about missing a courier that may not leave an invoice or whatever. Same here. There's a lot of backers on the same boat. I'm doubtful anything will be shipped over Christmas and New Year, so we're probably going to be waiting until January/February. I'm at the point that I'd rather take a refund and be done with it than keep waiting for Replay to sort this mess out. @Abchee Alex : Same Here... I got a mail from chris on late october, saying they were finishing to prepare the 2nd wave of reward shipping and that I would be part of the next wave... no news since that mail. That does suck. I hope everyone will get their just rewards. <email> contact for the rewards No physical rewards its been 2 month replay team said to me it's comming but until now nothing. In the first time Chris was ending me email to answer me but now I still waiting answer from days to weeks :( Wow, been a good while since I stuck my head here. Am really sorry to hear so many people here are having problems with Replay Games. I guess I was one of the luckier ones, and got all the rewards I backed for. I hope everybody gets their stuff one way or another, or at least get compensated for their missing rewards. Hi fellow backers, if you like adventure games or SciFi backgrounds, please consider helping Stasis to reach its final stretch goal : <url>"Thank you for keeping me completely away from this latest disaster!" Do I sound bitter or anything? #1 is a very serious concern, specifically for the physical copy backers, and not just for this Kickstarter. There's a really bad tendency for devs here to completely ignore the disc version. It's a glorified coaster. What was the point of offering the game on disc if no effort whatsoever is going to go into keeping it updated? Wow, who's the idiot that released this update? 1. There's no patch. 2. You have to magically figure out that you need to redownload the entire game. 3. There was no update on KS, I found nothing in the forums....WTF? 4. The installer wants to put it in C:\Larry. Seriously? 5. You have to uninstall the other version then install this version. Otherwise have two versions. 6. The new installer added nothing to the start menu and didn't add an icon on the desktop like the original version. Someone at Replay needs to get their head out of their butt. Any news on the physical rewards yet? Thanks Jeroen. you're a class act. That's slightly more than I can say for someone in particular. You're okay in my book, amigo. The updated version doesn't work on Mac. The game will start and roll through the Replay and N-Fusion logo sequence, then crashes. @Steve: for PC it's .exe. It worked from me through their store 2.0 is out but it doesn't work on direct download. How nice of them. They forgot to add whatever extension name gets it to install. Yeah, it updated for me yesterday in Steam. I don't know it there has been any official announcement about it as I don't follow Replay's social messaging anymore. 2.0 is out? Did I miss an announcement? @Tom game is indeed fun! N-Fusion did an amazing job on it. btw, thanks from the 2.0 patch. The scoring is a great addon and the setup works now like it should have worked from the beginning. And I'm sure the people needing subtitles other than in english will thank as well. Sadly this whole thing has left a bit of a bad aftertaste for me despite I really like Reloaded. So I guess we can stop waiting for an update/patch and just assume this game is now dead? Seems like I'm late to the montly edition of Paul Trowe Interwebz drama... but someone posted this on the Replay forum, along with a request that his account be deleted. <url>"Go post 5-star reviews!" - We've heard that one before, haven't we?) and the countless reports of those unlucky backers who are still waiting for their half-a-year-overdue swag to arrive ("Complain all you want. Nobody is listening to you." says Trowe, as can be read a few posts below mine), I feel that the point at which to feel dismayed about helping fund this game has finally come. I don't even give a damn about the franchise anymore. Please Al, do us all a favor and go back into retirement! At least that way we might remember you with at least some degree of fondness. Your continued association with Replay isn't doing your reputation any favors. ba dum ba dum dum.... ~ Hey, Paul... leave those kids alone!! ~ I also have not got my rewards yet I got an email to confirm my details (which I did ) and i'm still waiting/ not heard anything since. what changed for me is, that its a "gloves off" situation from now on. i think we were pretty nice to him up until now. i'm sorry i defended him a few times. not holding back things like his pedophilia charges back in the 80s anymore. he started acting weird at the end of the campaign, then the whole Sam Suede thing started where we have proof how much he tried to sabotage it, then he started sabotaging Two Guys from Andromeda, then finally Josh Mandel took over the PR stuff and everything was calm, funny, informative and nice, at least on the outside. Then Paul got back in the frontrow and its downhill from there on, continuing to bully TGFA, completely escalating the situation with the staff and his fans which is continuing in a giant bullying parade to this day. I think we should do a website with everything we got and collected about his derailings. And i think we should create a google bomb. Should definately link to that New York Times article as soon as you google Paul Trowe It's disappointing that the person causing so much destruction and ruining things for everybody is the very person that put this thing together, absolutely. The only thing that is sad, in my opinion, is that good people--who put a lot of time, money, and hard work into this project--were hurt by his poor choice of actions. That's the only thing that makes me upset. As for how Paul has treated me, how he has taken the generous amount of work and money I pledged to this, I'm not even mad. Frankly I think it's hilarious a man in Paul's position would take himself seriously and demand respect considering his behavior. lol. It's sad how supportive we have been of this campaign and how ill we've now all been treated and alienated. I love the game & franchise but poor management makes this all a very sad experience. How about you mind your own business, Jeroen? Nobody is listening to you. ;) <url>" pole!!!! Hmmm... I wonder who is policing the comment section to a project that closed 18 months ago? Someone is a Paskari's link to Bolt Riley was removed! so, Paul Troll is acting up again. i'm going from ignoring all future Replay Games to bashing and sabotaging all future replay games. Well lets hope that the mentioned new batch mentioned solves the problem and actually makes the physical rewards appear. I give it another week before I start mailing <email> a couple of times in the idle hope of getting any info on shipments. If they were making a new batch then WHY is it so hard to actually post updates on stuff like that. @Adam; they're in your backers' account: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ @Adam: I would read through the previous updates to see how you can get your KS key sent to you through the Replay website. So I backed this at the $15 level, how do I get my digital copy? @Bob: All of the items in the picture on the Android page were given to KS pledgers only. The art-book and the Collectors Edition specifically. If this was just the game box that was available at the retail outlets I wouldn't be upset. But these were specific pledge level articles available to higher pledges. I feel kinda cheated. Oh, and for the record: I see no 'Limited" (as in, per the tier's descriptions) swag in that Android-give away-prize. Not talking about KS-exclusiveness & my memory does not remember anything about that. I also noticed I totally used the wrong signature-line in that last comment. Let me rectify that: ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Your undercover reporter from the AGRM has weaselled some additional information from PT, amidst some more comparing (t)his project to others. Boxes are re-boxed, and I hope sufficiently padded, by my suggestion. They still seem to be missing some labels. A quote: "We HOPE they'll all go out this week." ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Paul is a shifty little troll who uses people and tosses them away like tissues. He's driven some of the most diehard Larry fans away and lots of people are through with the franchise as long as it's still in his hands. Myself included. It's sad to see the state the game is in and that the priority was on the Android release. I know why it was pushed to the forefront and I was hoping it was going to be a simultaneous release. I have absolutely no clue what Trowe is thinking here. Especially with this stupid giveaway of LIMITED FUCKING REWARDS! I think it's rather annoying to be giving away KS swag when it was supposed to be for KS contributors only. We all helped this campaign reach its goal (some more than others) and to just give away the limited rewards as a price when some backers havent even received theirs yet just doesnt sit right with me.. My guess is that they're wanting to get attention in the Android Store. Problem is that the update was announced to be released "very soon," back in July when the game was released. I doubt it will do much of anything for sales since the game has been out for almost six months. Seeing as mobile versions of the game weren't included in the Kickstarter rewards, I'm not sure why they chose to make the people who made it happen wait longer. I personally don't care. I'm done with Larry as long as Paul Trowe is involved. He has shown time and again how little he cares for fans, fellow developers (see <url>"If you have not received your kickstarter rewards and have not had any previous contact from Replay (like an email asking you to update your address), please email cmyers(at)replaygamesinc(dot)com with the subject MISSING REWARDS and we verify if your items have shipped or were recently sent to the shipping company. You will need to provide your kickstarter name, real name & address." Hey! That's an insult to the hyena and toad! Yeah, Jeroen, I feel like the KS giveaway is kind of a blow to backers, then again, this is Paul Trowe we're talking about. The man has the integrity of a hyena and the charisma of a poisoned toad. Ah, if I could only see that post. Unfortunately, I've been blocked big time from the forums. For what it's worth, Chris Myers posted two weeks ago to message him about the missing rewards; as Mescalino posted after that, Chris responded quickly with apologies, confirmed my address (didn't get any email about that before) and said I was to be added to the next round of shipping. At this points it's reassuring to get any feedback as opposed to radio silence I suppose, here's his post: <url>#p10813 I wouldn't be surprised if Al left, too. @Roger: The reason for the silence is that so many people at Replay either jumped ship or were made to walk the plank. I bet the only ones left are Paul and Al. Yeah I second that Steve. Don't tell me this is my 'not yet received' collector's edition that is being given away? Why is there noone in Replay that can give some answers. I see the statement by Palindrome Bob but that does not help me a whole lot. I would like to know when I can expect my Collector's Edition. I would like to know now for 4 months and the silence is defeaing. Trying to twitter spam Al Lowe as well Who knows maybe he has some weight to throw around still :(( Why in the heck would they give out stuff when there are people in foreign countries that still haven't received THEIR stuff nearly 4 months after the stuff was supposed to be sent out to them? So, yeah. What's up with that? So I just saw the Android announcement: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ I live in Belgium, Europe an didn't receive any physical rewards either. I contacted Replay Games at <email> but didn't get any reply. I'm clearly not the only one with this issue. It would be nice to get some feedback or a status update from Replay Games....... Never received any physical rewards at the $150 tier, and no shirt yet either! Canada here. :( So can we expect any sort of response still from Replay Games or what? Getting a bit annoyed that messages here, comments here or emails / posts at replay's site yield absolutely NO reponse whatsoever. I am in for $100 so kindly let me know what is happening with my physical rewards, I have yet to receive anything so far. Hmm, new game title? Leisure Suit Larry the missing physical rewards. If you haven't gotten anything, I highly doubt you will at this point. TPTB were claiming to work on Version 2.0, but they have released no information on progress or anything and judging by the sales, you can pretty much forget about LSL 2 or 8 being made. Paul Trowe has taken a "scorched earth" policy and alienated pretty much everyone to the point where over a quarter of the posts are gone from the message board and most of the people who gave volunteer work to the company were punted off and want nothing to do with it. Thank you Paul! Never received my T-shirt in the UK? Have yet to receive any physical item from my 150$ pledge. I'm not amused! If you are ever going to send me something, please do not forget customs declaration! Thank you. Still waiting for any sort of a replay from anywhere. Sent mail to CS as well. Still no clue what the deal is with the shipments and such. Huge thanks to Chris Myers for getting me my missing bits!!! Received My T-Shirt ages ago in Oz. Palindrome Bob; Any idea what's keeping the T-Shirts from being sent then? Also still have yet to see the physical rewards arrive. Got a mail on the 15th stating that there was an issue with my address even though it was correct. I replied and made sure that everything they had on me was correct. Still have yet to receive any sign of life about the physical rewards. It is now October 30th. So what is going on?! Boxes for those that haven't gotten them yet are still at ReplayGames-HQ, waiting for a replacement misplaced item and extra padding to ensure safe delivery. New address labels should have been delivered by now. As I told BigD, my line of communication is far better than that to customer service and I intend to use it to its fullest. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Show Oded we still support him... Follow Paskari's link!!!! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Whats happening with the LSL update? Clearly I'm not the only one still waiting for my physical rewards. On the 15th of September I received an email asking to confirm my address as Google listed it differently than what I provided. I replied the same day, and haven't heard or seen anything since. I'm in Canada, it shouldn't take over a month to ship something here. I would really like to know where my package is, or at least a tracking number so I know it has been sent. UK here and not had my T-Shirt come as of yet, I had an email in september and that was the last I heard, anyone in UK had the T-Shirt arrive ? I live in germany. Still got nothing. On the 23th of July I got that email from Customer support: Greetings We are about to begin shipping physical rewards. Shipping should begin around late August. Before we do so, we want you to verify that your information is current and correct. Please verify the information below. Shipping to: address was right I've had my boxed copy for what, 2 months, at this point. I think those in foreign countries should look to their postal carriers. They could be held in lieu of VAT or something. Is anyone even reading <email>? The only way I could get any response from Replay was when a mod at their forums acted as a go between. At this point, I think those of us who have yet to receive anything will not be getting our rewards. Btw, my package was just loosely packed but overall in good condition. The address sticker though was completely wrong: numbers were converted to a date and the country was about 20,000 km off... Kudos to the mail service for delivering it! @barbarian_bros: I've received my package more than 6 weeks ago, so better send them an email at <email> One month later.... still no news about my physical rewards... Has any European got its rewards? Hi. When will the Russian localization? @OddBall... Completely agree... It seems that Paul may have ruined it for any further adventures... Hopefully, Al and Josh can come up with something! Sales figures have not been released so by looks of things LSL2 or even LSL8 seem to be out of the equation plus the departure of Mandel and possibly Al has left us with an unstable Paul, this does not make for good reading. All I wanted was to see is LSL2 & 3 remade but instead we have a have a game that has been remade 3 times from a pretty rubbish game called Softporn. C'est la vie, CodeMasters will probably develop LSL8 akin to Box Office Bust to “ease” the pain and make some easy money. Has anyone got their stuff? havent heard a word and no reply from customer service for over a week... Very sad thing here. If Paul doesn't apologize in the next days in a big way, i'd really like to see him get treated the way Rick Santorum got, and dumped in a hole thats deeper than the one Phil Fish got disposed in. I was one of the longest defenders of Paul, always telling people that he's a nice guy inside... maybe he is and he is just bipolar as hell, but then he should get treatment and not troll everything and everyone. @Palindrome Bob: I remain hopeful for you! @Riggo: Might actually be good for me but yes, posting opinions contrary to those of the self appointed diety of all things gaming is dangerous! @BigD: Paul has sent me a reply to my enquiry and rest assured I'll keep following it up until I get my swag. At least I've got my lithograph now. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Careful BigD... Posting like that could get some Trowe... Ooops meant troll to threaten to ban you from Kickstarter and the internet!!! I hope you get your stuff gang as it seems Paul is enjoying a nice meltdown. Rumor has it Josh is gone from Replay, Paul just banned the entire moderating staff at the forums (including the one who did all the emails) and is quickly gibbering his way into complete and total non-relevance. In short, things don't look so good. #SupportSerena (one of the moderators banned) I'm 30 mins from Austin... maybe I can go pick up everyones stuff and ship it myself :-P I'm still waiting on my replacement box as mine came crushed due to VERY poor packaging This is getting ridiculous. Every time I think my LSL:R-package is arriving, it turns out it's another package. This LSL:R-package sure is taking its time to arrive here. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ Another paper slip has been put into my (snail) mailbox concerning a package sent 'worldwide' and containing extra charges. Since that paper slip doesn't mention who the sender is it could be my LSLR-swag (minus lithograph). However, it could also be something else, like last time. @Carl: customer service should be able to help you but apparently it may take quite some time for them to reply. Even I, who has a 'special hotline' have trouble getting their customer support to do what I want. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ I never received my TShirt. I have messaged and got no reply. Is there a specific email address I should use? Many Thanks @Randy: there's also a download link in your backer account. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ This user's account has been deleted. I never got a download link. Has it shipped? Nearly a week's gone by and the reply from any official customer support channel at Replay Games is the following: Nothing. I'd feel (marginally) better if I knew of any other US folks who have received no or partial shipments. Yeah, I also got an e-mail that their shipper couldn't confirm my address, and what Google (?!) thinks my address is, without an apartment number or postal code. Good thing I verified my address in July, huh? Right, I see fellow AGRM-people changing their avatar with themselves sporting the Lefty tee so I assumed mine was on its way. Then, a few days ago I got an e-mail informing me there's an error in my shipping information, and it turns out my post code has disappeared. Oh, and if they're shipping things separately that means international shipping will be even higher. I fear not even the one shipping will be covered by the money I added for international shipping. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ## Still no package in my mailbox... is France so far from US? I'm in South America (Uruguay), and I haven't received either. I'm in the US and haven't received any of the physical items outside of the t-shirt. What gives? The last notice sent out kind of implied that everything was en route. Still no physical goodies :(. How are the other Europeans faring? Is that your mail that's waiting at the customs for me? The sender is called Joseph C. but no address, but sent from the USA - maybe you can tell it by this name? Package was not declared properly and I'm confused that it is a mail, not a package - very flat ce box? There are not much packages from the US I'm waiting on, so it's likely this one? Would help me to know, so I can bring the proper papers with me, when I'm going to pick it up from the end of nowhere. ;) I received the package today. But, where is the signed edition signed ? cannot find the signature. I have looked on the gamebox and the artbook. ? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @gamehorder : Came here to leave a similiar comment. Collector's box was floating loose in another box that was completely crushed on one side so it arrived in not great shape. Some bubble wrap or packing material would have been nice, and frankly the quality of the game box reminds me of the slash versions of Sierra games. (ie. Thin and cheap.) Haven't received my physical box yet. But then again I'm in some backwater country called Belgium. Anyone else from Europe who has already received their physical goodies. Still waiting for mine (well, actually probably first a notice from the freight company concerning custom charges), but reading these comments I fear for the big package that is coming my way. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ So, when's LSL2 Reloaded starting?! Thanks! Over the past year and a half I've backed at least a dozen projects, so I tend to lose track of all the updates and download info. Thanks! @Mike Snyder, yes login / register at <url>"collectors" box is destroyed. Also very weak that it isn't in the classic style of Sierra slip box games Excellent KS pledge drive - As of Monday, I think Replay delivered everything to me. I have not tried the Mac versions yet but I've got the dmg from your site. I updated my address on your site, and the box came to my new address too. Only nip pick - the too thin box feels cheap, and can't hold it's shape, if it was larger and could have held the art book that would have been nice for storage. Wooohoooo, I fogot all about the physical side of the reward so was such a great thrill to get abox full of goddies today. Great work, art book is unreal and Tshirt I will wear with pride knowing that the only people that will get it are my age but they will totaly get it.. Got my collector's edition and assorted goodies today! Very cool stuff :) For people who still are too lazy to read updates, go here to register your copy: <url>"featuring the characters from the game instead of the usual nameless royalty". Looks like the classic royalty was used. Was that your original intention? Just curious. 2. My condom was used...EWW! 3. I'm missing the ceramic chips. jk about #2 of course ;p I got my physical rewards yesterday, but noticed that the CD version of the soundtrack wasn't included. Was this intentional or a mistake? Otherwise, everything looks great! Woot! Just got my stuff too. I'll have to inventory it later. It's 8.26 and my boxed copy arrived, along with the t-shirt, condom and the art book. It's weird to think I played the game BEFORE seeing the box, but hey, it's the 21st century. Anyhow, the box looks GREAT, as does the art book. Great job, Al, Paul, Josh and everyone else at Replay Games! Oh wow, glad to hear that! Thanks for letting everyone know Jason and Scott! Got my swag today too!!! (8-24). Anyone who got the shot glass be careful, mine was wrapped in the t-shirt. Picked up my shirt and shot glass bounced three times on the tile floor. Luckily no breaks, I'm sure the Larry lubber is just as reliable. Just an FYI...I received my swag today (8-24). I was a bit concerned when I saw the condition of the packaging...it was heavily damaged on one side. Fortunately nothing was damaged on the inside, that's including the Collectors Edition box! Awesome stuff...really love the t-shirt. Great job guys! Is there any way to get for free the game in the Google Play Market for Android. I am a 15$ backer @Shagittarius - Just FYI, the last update about it said they said they have all the items and are packing them up. That was a while ago but....14,081 backers? WOW! It's going to take them a very long time. I would also be prepared for complications and missing items. Getting a little worried about the physical goods, havent received mine yet, can we get an update on that? Probably going to be a while. It's been almost 2 months since they said the "score" update would be out "soon". I'm guessing development has been scaled way back since the release so things will take a while to happen now. Naturally of course. Any update on when the collector's editions are shipping? Expected mine by now... Where's the swag, man? It was ready to ship almost a month ago. have the items been sent? Any news on the update they talked about? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I'm as well looking forward to picking up my Larry lubber at the customs office ;-) Especially the moment when the officer will say " Sir can you please tell me what's in this box... Now Sir please go ahead and open it so I can verify the contents.. *lol* :-D ☜☆☞ STILL PROUD FOUNDING MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS & LARRY'S PERFECT 10 AND PENETRA...ERM I MEAN PROMOTER OF THE HOT, LUSCIOUS, MIND BLOWING, SUPERSEXY ASIAN SCHOOLGIRL STRIPPER CHICK THAT WORKS IN THAT CLUB NAMED 69'ERS Josh..Al..Wait... Jasmine is hot.. But what about the school girl part ;-) ☜☆☞ Nope, the package was no LSL swag unfortunately, but after I made that post I read another message which meant that package couldn't have been the LSL swag because not all conditions have been met to send me the swag in question. I suspect the fee to get my LSL swag will be even higher. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### So, the parcel delivery service of our national postal delivery company dropped a notice into my mailbox earlier today. Supposedly they rang the doorbell at around 9.30 AM, but from past experiences I know for a fact they probably just stuffed the notice into the mailbox seeing the shutters of my house closed. You see, I actually hear the doorbell going off, even whilst I'm asleep. There's a rather large Cash-On-Delivery amount on that notice too, so I wonder if that might be the LSL swag. It's August after all. :-) Unfortunately, there's no sender-information on the notice. ☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ @Brian... You should really consider reading the updates. Specifically Update #66 for your issue. How about I get my copy of the game for my $25 backing. I'm still waiting. The DRM free version has a desktop icon. Another win for DRM free. Would it kill ya to give the Steam release a desktop icon? If you're looking for a new campaign to back, have a look at these: If you like sandbox games have a look at the Dyvox sandbox <url>"By Ellie Gibson Published Friday, 19 July 2013 Version tested: PC Hello everyone! Let's start with a list, because that's all the internet is comprised of these days. Time was you couldn't move for nobs and tits, now it's all Top Ten Cats Wearing Tiny Hats. ("About 4,010,000 results.") Here are ten things the world doesn't need any more of: Kickstarter campaigns Black-Eyed Peas songs War New iterations of Glade Plug-In which differ from all previous iterations of Glade Plug-In by the addition of one minor design feature" WOW THAT'S FUNNY! I bet this person is someone I should listen too opinion on a humor based game. At that point I just hit the close button, not going to read a review by someone that sounds like they have submitted and been rejected multiple times by cracked.com I haven't been able to get my digital copy yet. I don't have the email with the key that was originally sent out, but when I enter my email address to have it sent, it says my email address wasn't found on file. What can I do? are there other language voices coming or was the funding too low? i'd love to hear the german larry, larry 7 was great in german ;) I pledged for the collectors edition and I still haven't received it yet. I was under the impression that those had gone out a few weeks back. Who do I get in contact with if I still haven't received it yet? A slightly unfavorable review from Eurogamer: <url>#66 instructions are there. Well IGN seemed to really like it... <url>☜☆☞ PROUD CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ I agree with Matti, an update regarding physical rewards would be nice. When are the T-shirts going to be shipped? I pledged for music, game and shirt, I have 2 out of 3 at the moment. Download link?????????????? Time to make Larry 2 guys, don't keep us waiting. :P I just beat the game. Good job all yous guys. I have yet to receive download info. @Irishmile... I have to agree we need two final updates, or the first 67 were just wasted. Well I finished it too, I felt very good funding a Sierra oldtimer because of the happy memories in the 80's, but to be honest I'm not going to remember this version fondly in days ahead. I agree the animations were a real let down, especially when interesting actions are being described and not animated... I expected more somehow! There were plenty of gags though and it kept me smiling & I loved the deaths (with the flashback to were you where). I do wish the bedroom in the penthouse was more obvious though... it's not easy to find with a point/click interface... much easier in the old days when you used your cursor to move between screens and always checked every edge! Meh, Everything was good except for the animations in the game, sorry to say they seem to be Half-assed most of the time. iOS version, are you joking? Apple would never allow an adult game in the store. iphone/iOS are for kids. Please update your Steam game logo image. Your the only game in my 700+ that doesn't have a logo. All I see is "NO IMAGE AVAILABLE." Where the heck is my download link/key? I was, sadly, expecting the animation to be the weakest point of the game, as traditional animation is timeconsuming and expensive. It would have been sweet if LSLR had had someone of Larry 7 animation caliber doing the animation but considering the budget that was always out of the question. On the same note, I do like Larry's walk cycle, as it seems to be the most polished character animation. The game is fun though. The music, backgrounds, acting and the jokes all compensate nicely what the animation and character design lacks. ty I do enjoy the game, the comedy is there, the sonds, music and voice are all there... But somehow the animation and the characters look out of place. They just don't seemlesly integrate in the backgrounds and look... strange. And no, this has nothing to do with any comical style or anything. It just looks like some team of two or three novices have done the character graphics and animations. This seems to be the consensus on the boards i frequent. Anyway, the game plays nicely and I don't have any other gripes with it. Anyone else think it would be a shame if they didn't make two more final updates... to reach 69 in total? @Dan Hendlowitch: see comment from Michael Kadi for instructions to get your Kickstarter rewards! hey so i still have not got a link or code or whatever i was supposed to where is the ios version?? Has Apple still not released the iOS version? I know it's not included in the Kickstarter digital download reward, but I want to buy it and can't find it. All remakes should be done this way. I mean, the game is fantastic. I've been playing for 2 days (still unfinished) and this game really deserves the money. The narrator voice-off and the original larry's voice are fantastic. Playing it again makes me click everywhere. In addition, I've read some comments about the cartoon style of the character. I think it should continue this way, 'cos I think all the atmosphere of the game is taken as a joke, and so is Larry. Just finished playing. The game was fantastic. I really missed play classic comedy adventure games with humor like this one. Please continue to do more in the future. Thank you. I received an email overnight, with my portal key. Thank you, Britton! I'm downloading as I type. Gerard van Schip -- I missed out on getting the original email with the key and link, too. Has your email address changed since you first pledged/paid? That may explain why the web site does not recognise the one you're trying to sign in with. Email Britton : <email> - and explain what happens when you visit the site. I did this, and he was kind enough to email the key directly to me. Hope this helps! @ Michael Kadi Thanks - their instructions were pretty useless. Awesome! It works, thank you :) Seems quite a few had issues with link download emails so here's what worked for me: 1) Go to <url>"resend email" option to get a new one. 3) You'll get the mail with the key after a minute or so, then go back and use it to log in to the kickstarter backpage. 4) Once in, there should be an option to fill in the details for the standard user login to ReplayGames. 5) Once set up, log in and choose the "Digital Orders" tab - that's where you'll find the download links appropriate to your level (digital game clients, steam key, wallpapers, soundtrack and etc). Hope this helps Same problem as Gerard I'm confused, people are playing the game yet I have not received my "incredibly personal, deeply heartfelt download link". I checked the replay website but that claims to not know my email address. What am I doing wrong? And Finished. Game was fantastic and played flawlessly on my PC. Graphics were superb and the voice acting and soundtrack were great. The only issue I noticed was that occasionally in the inventory screen the eye, hand or mouse pointer icon wouldn't display and it would only display one of the other icons. so you go to use an item but it shows the hand and your not sure if it'll work but it does work in the game, [like when using the breath spray]. If you've played the original, [in my case the Amgia, then PC then VGA version], It'll be familiar, but there's a bunch of new twists and changes. Oh and one feature request please make it easy to change the betting amount in a game, say maybe if you let the payer hold the increase or decrease button, instead of having to push it one at a time. @Alexander Alexandrov, I have the same problem on my Linux laptop. Tomimt -- Hi, thanks for responding. I did that a couple of days ago. Nothing! I guess they'll get around to helping, when they can. Another bug, steam store is missing the primary graphic.please add one, thanks.also make the achievement not invisible so I can get them all, as I have finished the game.can't wait for all the remakes. Another bug, steam store is missing the primary graphic.please add one, thanks.also make the achievement not invisible so I can get them all, as I have finished the game.can't wait for all the remakes. OK YOU GUYS DID SUCH AN AMAZING JOB WITH THIS GAME. IM IN THE MIDDLE OF PLAYING IT AND ITS JUST GREAT. IM SO GLAD THERE WAS ENOUGH INTEREST TO RELOAD THE SERIES BECAUSE THE GAME IS AMAZING. TO BE HONEST IM ALREADY EXCITED FOR LSL2 TO BE RELEASED. IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT LSL2 AND LSL3 ARE THE 2 THAT HAVE NEVER BEEN RELOADED AT ALL. I MEAN WITH GRAPHICS BC 5,6, AND 7 ALL HAD UPDATED GRAPHICS AND ART. PLEASE DONT STOP HERE AND DO LSL 2 AND 3!!!!! I just requested the key from the Replay site. I think I got a long time ago and forgot about it. After registering I was able to get my Steam key (I had to click it twice for some reason). All is now good. Can't wait to check it out! Alex: After you register with the key, you will need to 'sign in' with the email/password you provided during registration. I Only saw the downloads after actually logging in AFTER the registration was complete. Hope that helps :) Downloaded linux version. Runs great! Even on the opensource radeon driver :D Well done guys, congrats on the successful kickstarter project!! :D This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Eh, I waited a long time for this game. I can wait a while longer. But I really think Steam should provide an easy way to do this. I downloaded the linux version and I get a black screen when I start the exe (I hear the music though and rollover effects on some buttons, but as soon as I try clicking on the black screen, the program exits. Has anybody else experienced the same issues since the release? This user's account has been deleted. For the folks looking for the iOS and android versions - the pledge was for the PC/MAC versions. The iOS releases will be independent from the KS pledges (read: you'll need to buy these in the AppStore and PlayStore). This was pointed out by Josh to be part of the QA while the game was being funded through KS. @dreadjaws - I totally understand and feel your pain. The team has tried over and over to figure out how to change this behavior without blowing up the memory allocation in the game. They will work on getting this fixed in the future. Thanks for hanging in there - with Dutch as my first language I totally understand the desire to have English subtitles opposed to being forced to read your own language subtitles while listening to the English voices. Can you guys make an update when you patch in a "change language" option? I hate the idea of having to play this game in spanish and having to change the regional settings every time I have to enter and exit the game is both inconvenient and bothersome. I had the same problem with Lego Batman 2 and I almost accepted for a refund for it. It might sound like a drastic measure, but you guys cannot comprehend how much translations ruin things for me. Luckily, I got a workaround for that game in the windows registry, but there's no such thing available here. I guess I'm gonna have to wait until a patch comes out to play the game, if ever. How do I get the iOS copy?? I want to play it on my iPad as soon as it hits the AppStore, but I don't see any redeem codes for iTunes.... @Skye Mitchell: try throwing Replay an e-mail: <email> Pedasn -- I've followed those directions and tried to register numerous times. It knows and accepts my email address, but I've received nothing from them. Hopefully someone from Replay Games will notice that there are a few backers in the same boat, and offer some communal help at some point. @ Guenter: :) good point... an e-mail in the KS-Inbox wouldn't hurt to make sure everybody gets their key. Vü Spaß, des spiel is echt leiwand wordn @ Cornelius: i recommend you getting some vodka at lefty's, just to cool yourself down ok, ok... i got it.. i get panic attacks... On the site it tells me to enter the key... WHAT KEY!? I WAS SUPPOSED TO GET A KEY!!!!??? @Pedasn: ;) jo passt scho, oba trotzdem: well i expect a message in the inbox here with a guidance how and where i can receive the game, thats it. i'm not registered to replay until now, and i disabled the update mails, cause i backed more projects and don't want to be filled up with tons of mails. How do I get my copy?? I logged into the website they provide with the same email I use on Kickstarter but the game isn't there! @ Günter: ois auf guad deitsch... raunz ned, jeder hots gwusst @ Guenter: i think Replay said in multiple updates that the game will be out end June 2013. at least since the beta programm we all got informed when the game comes out, and this has been reconfirmed in updates over and over again. the link i pulled out to show you how to register at the backer portal is btw two updates ago... so, if you don't read your mail and don't read the updates, how else should replay tell you that its finally time for larry. need a personal invitation, a sms, a singing telegram or what? i'm a baker and i saw the news of the release coincidentally on the press yet. this is not ok, you have to inform all your bakers from the release and how the can get the game!!! you wont receive the key via mail. look at this instructions on how to obtain your keys (how to register at your backer portal) <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Also have not received my key :( This user's account has been deleted. Chris -- Thank you for your help and suggestion. I tried the forgotten password trick, but it said that no user with that email address was found. Back to the drawing board! Glad to hear that the game is terrific, and that you enjoyed it! yea, I know. I didn't get it after I restored the game. it just crashed the game so I am reporting it so other people save often. @Al Calavicci don't need the second squid to finish the game. 1) Window mode cuts graphics off on sides -didn't realize this until after finishing game and watching youtube. 2) game crashed for me after getting 2nd squid right after hurting the whale (had to restore from saved game) 3) penthouse bedroom (on left behind the glass sliding doors) room was impossible to find, very not-obvious that was path to walk. Something I discovered while playing... Hint: If you get stuck in the game and have spare cash try handing some to Lefty. I just finished the game. I loved the new story arc with Jasmine, I'll admit, I got stuck several times. I didn't realize how much I missed a great point and click adventure with this style of graphics. It was nice the original tasks were not 100% the same and required additional tasks or were slightly different. Thank you Al, Josh, Paul and Austin for a great game and soundtrack! Looking forward to another LS game reloaded or new one! Those struggling to obtain the game: I went to Replay's website submitted my email from KS for lost password recovery. Then made a new password. From there was able to obtain my Steam key and a copy of the DRM free version for my Mac. a whole year of Spam Bi-weekly emails and the day people need to know things you copy and paste Cryptic instructions ....not cool Reply I'm in the same position as those without a key, in order to set up an account and claim my digital reward. I did not receive the original email back in August 2012 with the key link/information, and after going to the web site and requesting a resend numerous times - I'm not having any luck with that either. Yes, I have kept an eye on my spam folder. I have emailed Britton, as suggested on the forum, but have not heard anything back. Any further suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I've been looking forward to this so much. Thanks! What is the 1-900 phone number I can call for game hints? I am really stuck! Has anybody figured out a Workaround or knows anything about what happened to 16:10 resolutions for the game? The image is all stretched out by 120 pixels on my 1920x1200 monitor and the faces etc. look long. :/ Steam required ~8,000 megabytes of free space on the hard drive, but claims it is only 725 mB in size. How big is the game? 8 gigs or 0.8 gigs? I'm sad that you guys decided not to support 16:10 aspect ratio displays. :( Just wanted to say that I found the Backer portal a pretty smooth and easy way of getting the steam key, and I hadn't used it before. Thanks! Nevermind, I had a key resent. When was the download link for this game sent to backers?? From what e-mail address? I never received anything for my $15 backing. To change the text from your local language to english temporarily change your regional settings (to English obviously). This works at least on Windows. Yes, there is a limit on how much you can win by gambling. Anyway, you should have enough money to complete 10 times the game. The slot machines now don't work also, they say house limit of $10,000 and "out of money" when I click spin. I have 17120$... It will also not let me deal a new game.... :( lol, found a game bug in the blackjack game. can't increase the max bid past $8460. I have $17,120 total money. On the digital poker screen I see the error STRINGID:14,68 and it will not let me increase my bid higher. thanks, I end up having to win at slots to take a taxi elsewhere. need to go back to the bar. but now I am cheating at the the digital poker game to get unlimited money... I don't like running out :) should stop talking about the game - it ruins the fun. @ Al Calavicci: have you washed your hands with hot and cold water after going onto the toilet? maybe this could help you with some door.... maybe after that advice, you might find the right channel One question... When you will begin to send the physical copies? stuck at bar with wallet, full listerine, ring, rose, coster, vodka, whisky, $10 died in both allies, ran over, drown in bathroom, and taxi driver beat me up... don't know the code for the door or what to do next. cool game, now just to solve it... Thanks Daniel! :) @Federico There is no email for the steam key. You received an email back in Aug 2012 with your key for the Backer Link. If you followed the link, you can now login to Replay games and in your account is your backer key under Digital Orders. If you never set up your backer link and can't find your email, go to <url>"Games" -> "Activate a product on Steam ..." HOW can I change the game to english? I don't want a german synchro ... Tried both, DL and Steam ... open steam, on the upper left should be a button named "games"... at least in german it says "spiele". klick on it and choose "activate product on steam" Answered my own question. It would have helped to have this info in the last e-mail sent out: Open Steam and go to Games > Activate a Product on Steam... Follow the guide to register the Steam key that is shown in your order history. I am still not sure how to download if from Steam. I have the key but how do I get the game without having to purchase it first? Got my game. Thanks! To me, from an IT perspective it only makes sense to keep things in control. Provides clarity and helps address problems when they arise. I've had to create numerous accounts on different sites to get my games. Either way. Larry is back!! Yay!! ok... false alarm... everything working now... going to start the game... i can't believe i saw a new Larry shaping from head to toe.... this will be awesome.... i never played the lounge lizzard, so this will be my first time then :) Do I realy have to sign up on the website of every game i back on kickstarter? What's the point, I'm never going to log inn there again. And why do you need all that information when all I backed for was a digital download. Why can't you just "send an incredibly personal, deeply heartfelt download link" to our e-mails? Is there anbody playing on Mac that managed to get higher resolution than 1024x768? my steam download stops after 300KB and says its complete, but of course its not working. hmmm..... @robert glad you got through the posted instructions. Enjoy the game! In case anyone else is wondering how to get windowed mode on the Linux version, start the game and exit, and then open ~/.config/unity3d/N-Fusion Interactive/LSLR/prefs in a text editor. Change the value for "Screenmanager Is Fullscreen mode" from 1 to 0. The next time you start it it'll start in a window instead. Took me a few minutes to figure this out! Okay, I finally figured it out. If you're a backer and you just pledged for the game, like I did, you have to fill out the form on the t-shirt page. I don't know if the address fields need to be filled in, but I did anyway. Then it FINALLY let me log in. That t-shirt page's deeply crappy design is what threw me. I thought that page was just for people getting physical rewards. The system was programmed to be aware that I wasn't getting any physical rewards, but the screen did not indicate which fields I needed to fill in. I would be better to just leave out the t-shirt image and the address fields when they don't apply. I got to the links page, and I'm installing the game now. I'm not thrilled with the total lack of response from Replay Games, but at least I was able to get past Step 4 on my own. I can only hope the puzzles in the game are less brutal. @Carlos - unfortunately the way language is determined is by windows regional settings. If you like to play with English subtitles you need to change your regional settings to English. A lot of people have complained about this and this is still being looked at - unfortunately it wasn't able to be solved before retail release. This might be patched later in time. @Robert V Frazier, you just have to press past the T-shirt page, all have go tough it. When the account is made you can download the games mrSimon, try going to the link I posted for Robert. I never got a key until I requested a new one from Replay Games I hope the iOS version is released before I leave town for the weekend. No 'net access where I'm going. :-( Robert, try going to <url>"type the characters below" I have been doing that over and over to no avail. Why did they not just send a key out by email? The only email I have received is about how steam have delayed the game till 10 am as they want staff to be in the office but no "KEY" Its really frustrating to have backed a game and waited all this time for it to be released and then not have access to play the thing. how will I receive the the game do I get a code via email or something to put into steam? How do I change the language? I don't want to play Larry in Spanish. Yeah ! I'm currently downloading the game ! Today couldn't have a better start ! Digital downloads are now up at Replay. For those trying to use Steam keys, I had a key for the beta, which I activated and now there is also a key for the final version in my Replay account. When I tried to activate it, I was told I already have the game. So both keys link to the same thing. So just a heads up that you may be playing the beta version until Steam updates the file at 10am PDT. Downloading now from Replays site :D Maybe you could make an event time indicator here for the launch and Steam launch: <url>"portal") Hay, congratulations on the release of the game! and thanks for creating this remake. I'm huge fan, Leisure Suit Larry 6: Shape Up or Slip Out was one of the first games i played on my 486 DX4. This was so awesome. this game made me to love computer games even more, and wanting to develop them when i grow up. it made me realize you can do everything you want in computer games, it's an unlimited realm of software development. @Joseph P.: read the fine print (I always do):"Pre-Order Released 28th June Subject to Change Delay By the Publisher Item Will Be Shipped 1 to 2 days before Official Release Date" I especially like the second and third line. :-P The only question I have is: when will I have to take a hike to the freight company to pay for all those custom charges all of my swag will have accumulated (which is far more than what is offered on that Ebay)? :-P ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### the album download is here.... going to be a great day!!! Hmm, it must be. It appears to be from a major seller. Unless their account got hijacked and someone is going to ship disc with the original LSL 1 burned onto them with a new and improved box. I'm seeing Reloaded appear on eBay. Is this legit? <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Hi there! I've moved since this project was kickstarted. How do I update my address? Thanks so much! If you like ingame exploration... The Frontiers campaign has been moved to kickstarter: <url>"KickBACKer '69ers" (many I hope they fixed that!) thank you plaque listing. Would have much preferred my REAL name be used for that purpose, but I do not recall anyone asking for it. Mac Beta? New trailer for the game: <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Um.. this might be a stupid question but were the t-shirts ever done? I never got mine and don't recall ever even getting the opportunity to select size or anything XP !!! # Advertising # !!! # On account of the adventure genre ;-) # !!! !!! # Worthwhile crowdfunding point and click adventure projects # !!! City Quest: <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### This user's account has been deleted. I support the decision, this game represents the future of Larry, so we need it as perfect as possible. ;) I will just say, I will gladly wait a month and get those fewer bugs. This is a great example on why I love this kind of game development. It's more or less up to you to make the decision to postpone the release, instead of some other external organisation. And I think most of us will forgive you for it, since it's for everyone's best sake. But on the other hand... someone needs to pay for this... soo get the trimmer out, someone are going to loose some facial hair, whatever if its be hair, beard or eyebrows! something has to come off and be posted on youtube :-D You backers demands it!.... or at least one derailed backer does... Paul, Josh, Al and team: I would like to think we are all unanimous in this: We want this game to be as perfect as possible. We want this game to create NEW Larry fans, we want a larger market for new Larry updates for 2,3, 5, 6 and 7 -- and then -- AND THEN -- the Holy Grail -- LARRY EIGHT!!! *genuflects* So take your time; we've been waiting 15 years for new Larry, another month or two to exterminate some pesky bugs won't kill us. And we'll be happier for it as our game behaves seamlessly and we don't have to go looking for stupid patches to download. We've all complained about companies that ship buggy software to meet some artificial deadline then and "fix" it later in some way (if at all!), so now we all get to put our money where our mouths are. Do what ya gotta do, my friends! Over the weekend I allocated some time to play with the beta and it was MAGNIFICENT. So take another month, take two or three for all I care. Just get it right. @Avi David: beta key = alpha key. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### We all want a polished, as near bug free game as possible. Do what you gotta do gentlemen, we're not going anywhere. :D Please take your time to fix everything. None of us have any good reason to hurry you along. Take your time, get it right, make it the best it can be..... I agree with Chris, do it right and make Larry shine in that swarmy, he used too much hair oil fashion we all know and love (loath). Take all the time you need guys. Make the game perfect. We do not mind the delays. @Chris Collins: Me too. I am tempted to play with it at work but I'm afraid I'd get stares. The Beta is really REALLY good and fun to play. I played with it all night. Avi David: no one has yet Never got my beta key or info - yes I pledged for it. Wooo! What a great Monday! Got my OUYA, annnnddd rumor has it, LSL Beta today ^-^ Anyone interested in a AGI style point and click adventure, then check out City Quest! <url>……..I know there won’t be any bugs(knock on wood!) so I will enjoy playing the game before the majority gets too :)! Simon, the purpose of our upcoming beta test is to find and squash bugs in the game (not that we'll have any, of course, cough cough). It's not to get "feedback" in general; we've been fielding countless suggestions and requests all along, from Day One, mostly on the Replay forums, but also here on Kickstarter. We also got a lot of feedback after the Alpha test. It's definitely time to call a halt to "feature creep," and just crush bugs and get this thing out to everyone. That's the purpose of a beta round, and a few weeks should be plenty for that. guys you just announced the release date so the game is pretty much done and still no beta? Beta = beta testing = get feedback from people. Clearly not a beta then... Mikhail, the Russian localization is well underway, but I doubt it'll be ready in time for Day One release. Russian localization is a much more significant undertaking than most, as you probably know, and was not part of the original budget or scope of work for N-Fusion. What about Russian localization? Hey TomTom, thanks for lining up the 5335th comment for me. :-P ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Hi Bob :-D #5336 ;-D 5335th comment! :-) ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Thx Josh for making this clear..now I know which box I'll get! Great to see everything come together - all collectibles ready or in production - all of this is like a sensual year-long foreplay culminating in Larry's inevitable gigantic massive errec... erm I mean his gigantic return ;-D Tomtom, The contest is strictly for the e-tailer websites that want a fake box shot. The Collector's Box is a three-way collaboration between Alex Kotkin (who designed the Larry in the game), Andy Hoyos (the Sierra artist who did, among other things, KQ5), and Tom King. And it's already in production! so excited in a week we will all be playing with the beta! Just 1569 comment left to go.. We can still make it.. :-D On a side note.. There is this fan box art contest... Will the winner's design be used solely for those external retailer's sites (amazon and so on) or will it actually go on the collectible box.. Just a little confused with all this discussion going on in the forums.. Lol.. Anyway keep up the good work !! :-) Jerald, the t-shirts won't be going out until the game is released, so it's still a few weeks off. Hi all, I haven't receive my T-Shirt. Some backers have receive it or not? Silly that the video from the latest update cannot be viewed on a mobile device. Josh, can you ask whomever posted it to change the restrictions to allow mobile viewing please? @William, Depends what you mean, its a minority over at Shadowrun that have cause there to be a mountain out of a mole hill, update 50 pretty much cleared it up. I hope this game isn't hit by a DRM issue like Shadowrun Returns... Christopher, the Collector's Edition can't go out 'til the game is, in our opinion, as clean and polished as we can make it, so we're talking end-of-May here, along with all the other KS premiums! Sorry if I missed the update, but did they give a shipping date yet for things like the collector's edition? <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### I'd like to Chime In on one request: I don't like the questions at the beginning. I have to have google up on my third monitor to search for the answer. I like the old school way when questions we asked from the booklet that came with the game. I know there will not be a book for the game as it will be DLC, however, at least make the questions part not matter. We already have to verify our age to play. When will LSL: Reloaded be released for iPad? And another... @bob no it's not.. Oops..what's that..another comment.. @Tomtom: 6969 comments? Where? Me, I'm only going for the palindrome post counts, which this one obviously is not. :-P ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Oh the Spam caption missed one digit.. So here it comes: 9 Ok ! Wait.....did someone said something bout 6969 comments.. Well.. Fortunately Larry fans are shooting straight..strong and long... soooo.. Let's go... Oh by the way did I say that I'm thrilled bout the game and how well it is going to be..!!! Great job guys!!! ATTENTION - Spam after the break... ;-) 69696969-- Larry Kickstart 69ers forever... !!! --6969696 Please take a look at the kistarter for Whispering Willows. It is in its final 70 hours and just needs a little over a 1000 dollars. <url>"bypass age verification in Leisure Suit Larry" and you'll find it! BTW, in the final game, the Age Verification quizzes will (I believe) be localized along with the languages. Best regards, Josh @replay games Guys I just downloaded the alpha version. The quiz in the beginning is very funny BUT if you are not american you just cannot get past it and it is getting annoying. I am trying for 15 minutes to get past it and I cannot simply because I do not know the answers, because I am not american and half those questions are related to american pop culture. You should really have a way for players to bypass it. Hi Michele... I had issues too if I tried changing the default display settings, but default worked OK. Can't run the alpha. It runs but has no graphic at all (menu included). Nice Leisure suit Larry 6: love for sail is up on GOG The new theme song is up! <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### I did not receive an email with an alpha key am I missing something ? Am I allowed to put videos of the Alpha game on my youtube channel? Can someone post the new Larry theme by itself on YouTube please? :3 @Tom King... I apologize to you... It was Don C I saw on the Webcam and he is sooooo much more normal looking than you. @Josh... Thanks. @Tom King... I am thinking they are flattering you at Lefty's. I have seen you on a webcam and all I can say is that you should think about doubling your pledge. ;-) I can safely say the age verification questions are just as much aimed at a US player than the original, which means I totally suck, but will keep trying. :-) ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### ### Dreamfall Traveller ### Well, *I* congratulate Riggo! It's a phenomenal amount of...uh...SUPPORT! :-) I would've said something earlier, but I didn't want to encourage anyone to go for 69,696. But now that I've been shamed into it... The alpha is awesome and congrats on getting a playable version out to us so fast! Much more promising that other kickstarter funded games on here. Darned, I missed Riggo's 6969'th comment. *hangs head in shame* ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### Nobody congratulated Riggo on being one of KS's greatest spammers - I mean Larry fans. ;-) After all, 6,969 comments is a lot of hard work. Open...Open...Open!!!! Woot!!!! 6,969 comments!!! Double Larry salute!!!!!!!! Only 34 more comments and I will be back here celebrating my 6,969th comment!!!!!! @Kyle: That happens to every project who has set up PayPal to help it. They can't use KS's survey because then the PayPal-backers wouldn't included. I understand where you're coming from though, as at other projects I have also urged the project leader to post updates at KS. There's only so much hours in a day I can devote to the multiple projects I've successfully backed. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### Ya, I saw that after re-looking through things. That's one of the things I dislike about Kickstarter projects. Namely, project owners setting up websites outside of Kickstarter for shipping and such. It just means a lot more stuff that a person needs to keep track of. @Kyle: I got an e-mail August 22, 2012 concerning the Backer's Portal which is where the data for shipping and such should (have) be(en) entered. Contact cs [at] replaygamesinc [dot] com if you cannot locate said e-mail. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### Just out of curiosity, when is the survey for shipping and such going out? This is my 6,900 comment, and I figured there was no better place to post it than this section right here. Larry 69ers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, go 49ers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ignore Michael "Troll" Black , hmmmmmm throw money at screen anyone? "Police Quest Creator Tentatively Plans Kickstarter For A New Game" <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### This user's account has been deleted. Yeah, I'd be curious how many copies the sold. Of course this means that I will now have a total of 3 different versions of the original game. >,< Seeing how well that LSL collection is selling in GOG, the interest towards Larry is still strong. That bodes well for Reloaded. Yep, and I just bought a copy of all the originals. I'm not sure why they didn't include the availability of all the old games on gog.com in their update. Pretty good price for 6 games (5 + SPA) not included is the last two "LSL" games. But, they do include the hintbook. We did it Larry is green on Steam ! :) Can't Wait to get this game on Steam!!! Also, I'm still working on a LSL Fan site, www.LeftysBar.com If anyone wants to be part of it, let me know ^-^ There's not a lot of LSL sites out there that are still up and running and I'm working on making the greatest one there is ^-^ With Steam Achivements?!?!?!?! Please YES! GREENLIGHT YES!!!!!! Hats off to LSL being Greenlit! That's another milestone Larry can add to his, ehrm, resumé? :-P ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### Tomtom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! While without a doubt expected, being greenlit is still another milestone worthy of some cheer and applause. ;D Hip hip, hooraaayy! If Euro Truck Simulator 2 can get a greenlight, proeprty like Larry should be a no-rainer. Steam Greenlight is all based on fan voting. So even though it is a famous name, it would not have made the cut if people didn't vote for it. Frankly, it would have been odd if Larry would not have been accepted. So hats off to Larry. LSL was just Greenlit by Steam. And I just noticed that Josh already said that.. never mind :) @Typhon that's not for this reloaded version but for the LSL1 VGA remake. <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### It's been a while since I left a comment here.. I was watching the old video updates and remembering the party we had on our way to get funded.. It was great.. And I want to say thanks to Josh Mandel for keeping us updated.. The backgrounds look awesome and I'm thrilled to get my hands on the finished game.. I'm sure it will be the best Larry game ever.. ( until Larry 2 reloaded is out ;-) I still have some questions and I hope you could tell us moe in one of the coming updates : is there a date when we will get the HD wallpapers ? Have you decided what kind of localization you are going to employ? Will you change the look of the t-shirt to fit the new (better) n-fusion style ? Thanks and bye.. And keep up the good work.. Ps: Larry Kickstart 69ers forever !!!! :-) Ok. Thanks! Typhon, that's the 1991 VGA version of LSL, not the one coming out in 2013! <url>"upvoting" it though. C'est la vie. The mention of Steam in the last email was a surprising disappointment as the game was supposed to be DRM free, I'm glad to hear that it was somewhat of a misunderstanding, and that the game will be DRM free for those of us who donated. To be honest, I would much rather see Larry make his appearance on GOG than Steam. The fact that people keep bring up the Steam or no Steam issue, might show a PR issue in conveying the message that, they said before in that you do not need Steam to get the game. I say might since, if someone only read say, the headline that only talked about Steam, and didn't read the body that might say you didn't need it, can't do anything about that. Make it in bold letters maybe? Still, like the current update, a quick mention that you do not need Steam might be all that is needed. The delay was mentioned before. And the reason given was reasonable as well. Delay to make the game better. Replay games just responded that Voting on Steam is not required to get the game and that the delays were announced previously. It was condescending however, useful information. So no need to bother with Steam if you don't want the hassle. Anybody else feel that you're getting scammed by Replay Games on this. First, they are over two months past due and second, they're making us register on another site (wasting 15 minutes) and then being told I have to buy something. Contacted Replay customer support and it was not helpful. I was trying to find out if we would still get the game if we did not do the Steam voting. Feels like a Ripoff to me. There's always sales in Steam. At this moment Serious Sam games are -75%, so the first one is about 2,50. I'd love to Greenlight this on Steam but in order to do so you have to purchase something through Steam at least once! Talk about a pain. There is nothing I want through Steam and the lowest cost item is still $10. The only reason Replay is talking about Steam at this moment is, that they need to go through Greenlight in order to get the game in the store at all. If they want to have the release to happen simultaniously in several stores it just makes sense to get the Greenlight business done.And they most likey use it as beta test platform as well. If Replay Games did go Steam only, then I'm with you. While I personally don't mind Steam (and use it from time to time), I'm well aware that it is a form of DRM, and because of that, people don't like Steam. Replay Games isn't doing this. Yes, recent updates talked about the Steam side. But time and time again, they reiterated that there will be a non-Steam version. If they negated their promise and only offered a Steam version, that would be a major backtrack/trust issue with them. Since I see no indication of this, no reason as of yet, to jump on them. Maybe they need to work on their PR and have to keep mentioning it in their updates. OddBall -- thank you for marginalizing those of us who dislike Steam or other "managed" distribution as crazies. I don't think anyone has a problem with any company using multiple stores to improve profits. But I would like a DRM-free version for myself (and the pledge description implied that one will be available). I do not use Steam and would not appreciate it if a game I supported were to shove my face into creating an account there. And if that were to happen, I would certainly never support or promote anything made by the same company again (for sequels or such). As of right now Windows on my university-purchased laptop insists that my Windows copy is not genuine (MS Office was claiming the same about two months ago). So forgive me if I do not particularly trust DRM. @ Steam/Digital Distribution client haters/fearers , it will be DRM free so don't panic however I am constantly amazed that people don't understand why a small indie company wants to have their game on as many stores as possible to maximize profits, so we can see sequels or new IPs, guessing that some have tunnel vision and can't see past there own view! So long as a DRM free version is available for purchase, I don't care if they also put Larry on Steam or anywhere else. It always amazes me how little people actually read those descriptions. @pilgrim23 - Take a look at the $15 pledge, which has been there since they started campaigning, where they offered a copy "via Steam or DRM free version". So, they were hoping to be on Steam since the start. so Larry will use Steam? That is rather...disappointing. Shameless bump for the top of the page. At the expense of being repetitive and annoyingly bold, I'm going to again state that: Lori and Corey Cole, the creators of Quest for Glory, are in the midst of their Kickstarter with less than 12 days to go. Funding ends by noon, November 20th. Anyone who chances on this message definitely give it a look. This has become the Kickstarter project I'm most looking forward to Hero University <url>"Fester Mudd and the Curse of the Gold" feature full voice acting? What Riggo said! If you're not over there....join us! We have Meep Hats! :D To anyone interested or if you just want to be a hero, the Cole's project Hero-U is up and running. Come on over Larry 69'ers. Another adventure awaits us!!! <url>"Hero-U: Rogue to Redemption. The couple that brought us the "Quest for Glory"-series is back! <url>über Crowdfunding und Leisure Suit Larry --> <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### BigD... I for one have no issue with your mug screaming pervert. :-) I received an email from Replay yesterday requesting mug shots as I'm one of the people yelling "Pervert" in the game. The great news is they are ready to do that, the horrible news is you might have to look at me. Maybe I should do a kickstarter for the "BigD canned good collection: Moosehead, Molsens, etc" and if the pledging is enough, I'll send in pictures of something that doesn't induce small children to tears! @Bob... Got mine too and they nicely combined my ks pledge and my paypal bump. Seems to be working fine. :-) Rock on Broken sword <url>"Jack Houston"-stuff and I hadn't started 'Palindroming' it yet either. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### Hi, adventure fans, do you know that Pendulo Studios, creators of the Runaway series, are holding their own crowdfunding campaign for their new adventure game? Multilingual project page here: www.lab.gamesplanet.com/dayone/ Supports credit card and Paypal, cool rewards, great pitch AND THEY REALLY NEED YOUR HELP! Read a very interesting interview here about this project: <url>"Seems" like great news" FYI to all us backers here at Kickstarter, a few hours ago Replay posted this on their forum. Seems like great news. <url>"Hey everyone, The team over at N-Fusion are ready to answer any of your questions in regard to the development of LSL. Feel free to start a new thread if you have any questions. It might be easiest if you address N-Fusion in the topic of your thread so they can see it is a question directed at them. Thanks! Britton" I'm glad I was needed at some point? Ignore the knob, nothing more needed from Floyd. Considering there is no requirement or expectation that a KS survey is required it would be very difficult to piss anyone off. KS is only for the funding. KS makes it very clear it's all up to the project creators after that. If you don't want to deal with the project creator, or if you don't trust them, then it probably wasn't wise to even use KS in the first place. :) @Don C... See Floyd can not deliver a message without a negative twist. :-P Just got a response; Kickstarter said it's up to the project creator to handle order fulfillment. I'm sure Replay won't piss anyone off and/or invalidate a pledge if some backers refuse to use a non Kickstarter site. @riggo lol @Don C... If there were a response from KS, I am sure Floyd would not want to volunteer that you were correct. :-P @Floyd, any response from KS? @riggo, I have my head buried in contracts, terms, and policies all day. Now I'm doing it for fun on KS. Lol @Don C... Thanks for picking up the Floyd arguing torch! Tis a relief to the rest of us. :-) @floyd. Cool. Be curious what they say. To be sure I sent an inquiry to Kickstarter for an official response. Ok, found the relevant clause from the term of use. No requirement for a KS specific survey. If a backer chooses not to provide the information to the creator when it's requested, then they're pretty much just out of luck. "Shall" is a requirement, and here it makes sense. You can't ship rewards without the information. . "For some rewards, the Project Creator needs further information from Backers, such as a mailing address or t-shirt size, to enable the Project Creator to deliver the rewards. The Project Creator shall request the information at some point after the fundraising campaign is successful. To receive the reward, Backers agree to provide the requested information to the Project Creator.' If a Kickstarter backer refuses to release their info outside of Kickstarter then I guess they are screwed. If they have a leg to stand on though then I'm betting we'll see another waffle from Replay and a Kickstarter survey will be sent out and incorporated into Britton's masterpiece. @floyd, I read the phrase you quoted and also searched for other relevant clauses from the FAQs. The FAQs aren't terms, and based on the language, they're explaining how a KS survey can be used, but nothing is forbidding a non-KS survey. There would need to be something in the terms of service that a KS survey "must" be sent. Nothing contradicts from the language. The way it's written in the FAQ is exactly that: a FAQ. A creator can use a survey (a benefit to the creator). But "can" = able to. "Must" = requirement. My favorite word to use when I write policies or terms is "should" which creates all kinds of grey area. :) Don C If there are any issues it won't be PII privacy laws; it will be about the Kickstarter agreement. If someone refuses to enter their address info into anything other than an official Kickstarter survey what is Replay Games going to do? Tell them to suck it? It contradicts the Kickstarter FAQ. I'm still confused why anyone would complain about a survey. You get a link, you take a survey. I'm really confused about the "PR problem" if they have your address from the survey. Private home addresses? I just spot checked Massachusetts and California privacy law (two of the more stringent) and neither recognizes public records as PII or addresses by definition (as they are always public). EU privacy directive is stricter, but the point is moot since the laws would apply to replay games no matter what. With KS as a Data Processor, or with their own survey as a Data Controller. No matter what, they'll obtain the same information from you. So as a supporter, all you need to worry about is taking a survey when it's sent to you. For the record I did just register at the Ranger Center for Wasteland 2. My posts regarding custom reward sites for collecting backer address information separate from using a Kickstarter controlled survey were less of a complaint and more of a warning of possible complaints to come. Godalmighty... Where's Ol' Curmudegeon when you need him? Aye aye aye... Ah drama over a survey. You guys don't disappoint. Never a dull moment. The actual game is gonna feel kinda boring when you guys are building the ultimate text adventure here. :) @Floyd... Hmmmm... I guess that does create quite a conundrum doesn't it? But you're supposed to ignore it because it isn't rational. :P @Floyd... Last comment duly noted. ;-) Yes none of my points are valid or rational Odd Ball. Continue to ignore my input; I'm sure everyone will lovingly embrace the survey. Floyd is what is called a vexatious writer who can not be reasoned with and simply should be ignored as nothing can be resolved due to certain expectations that can not be met from their point of view. Thanks Floyd. Also, once again. I would appreciate anyone willing to help test. I mainly need android browser, IE7 and IE8 testing. If you can lend a hand, email me at <email> Thanks! :) Best of luck when it's released... Hi Floyd, Im sorry that you disagree with my decision. I am acting in what i feel is in the best interest of the fans and the Kickstarter. You have every right to not agree with me. What i find most counter productive is when the conversation goes from giving the courtesy of explaining my decisions to constantly having to defend myself. Im not going to please everyone. I understand this. But this is the direction i have decided to take. Im not saying it can't change in the future but i hope can trust my decision. I am going to say no more on the matter. I'm also guessing that hundreds of people could end up posting "I love the survey and have no issues with it". I would probably be one of them. But even if you only piss off 100 out of 14,000 people then at a minimum that's $1500 at risk. Is it really worth it? This is a heads up and I'm trying to help you before you launch this survey. If people do not like your survey and would prefer to use Kickstarter rather than send their private home addresses to a custom site for every single project they back then you're going to have yet another PR problem. You are shipping a 'bazillion' items. Why can't you incorporate the address information you would receive from a Kickstarter survey into a database on your end? If you have the email address as a key then why can't you cross reference the paypal information with the Kickstarter information? I don't see how you're saving anyone any time by asking 14,000 people to use different custom applications for every Kickstarter they support rather than using Kickstarter. And reread what you quoted earlier regarding refunds. "...unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward..." If Kickstarter believes you are violating their terms of agreement by not using the reward survey software they require for collecting reward information then you may very well have opened up the option for a refund. This is something to carefully consider. This is not a witch hunt. I am honestly giving you advice before yet another well intended idea blows up in Larry's face. @Britton Thank you for the professionalism; Let Me Google That For You and Misquoting Kickstarter is exactly the level of professionalism I was expecting. It's been four days since you said you were 99% done. I would think Replay Games, not being a one trick pony, would already have an SSL cert ready and installed for their needs without creating one specifically for this survey. Let me look up the FAQs for you. "How can I get my backers' information (mailing address, T-shirt size, etc.) to fulfill rewards? Once your project is successfully funded, you can create surveys (from your Backer Report) to request any info you need to deliver backers’ rewards, such as their mailing address or other details. Responses will be listed next to each backer’s name on your Backer Report pages, and you’ll also be able to download Excel-compatible (csv) spreadsheets. Don’t worry about gathering your backers' info before then! If backers are curious, please let them know that you’ll follow up when you're ready to deliver their rewards." @Britton Mathews, done a great job, Replay games better be looking after you plus an easter egg of you in Larry Reloaded is a must! @Floyd, MEH! Riggo, thank you. I appreciate the information. Answering your %1 of the time for SSL <url>"remember agreeing to using your software" <url>"For some rewards, the Project Creator needs further information from Backers, such as a mailing address or t-shirt size, to enable the Project Creator to deliver the rewards. The Project Creator shall request the information at some point after the fundraising campaign is successful. To receive the reward, Backers agree to provide the requested information to the Project Creator." Right below that paragraph "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." What i ask is why has this become such a witch hunt? What i am doing is saving money for the company so that more of your donations can go to creation of the game. Remember, i have to handle shipping about a bazillion items all across the globe. Part of the software i wrote that you guys wont see is the automated shipping process i created. Once everyone has entered their information, its pretty much a one click process for me because of what i have coded. I cant exactly bring 5000 boxes to my local USPS and buy postage for everyone. My software connects to USPS and generates postage programmatically. What im trying to do is cut down on mistakes and have a record of everything i do. So if I back 20 Kickstarters should I trust 20 different custom built websites to send my private information? Wouldn't it be more efficient and safer to trust Kickstarter? If someone refuses to use your application can we still use Kickstarter? If backers aren't allowed to use Kickstarter to get their Kickstarter rewards can they request a refund? I don't remember agreeing to using your software as a prerequisite to receiving rewards. @Floyd, Just because some site looks bigger, doesnt mean its more secure. Sony should be a great example of that. Riggo is right. If we had not open things up to PayPal, it would not have been worth the time to code out another solution. If you bring up security, i would dare say that what i made is much more secure. Everything will be over SSL. All incoming data is scrubbed and checked. All data from the application layer is then passed through prepared statements to prevent SQL injection attacks. (<url>"given" to me that you must have everything on lock down. If you have any more questions, feel free to ask. Riggo if I did not use Paypal then why do I care? They could send a normal survey out to all backers when they are ready to ship everything. They'll get the address and email information back just like every other Kickstarter. Once they have that they should be able to very easily cross reference the emails with what they get from Paypal. You say their survey will be 'unique' but it sounds like 'reinventing the wheel'. I'm also a little surprised that only 1% of the work is going towards setting up SSL security. I guess we'll just wait and see how people react when Britton is done, but I'm sure either way it will be a first impression of Replay's quality control. @Floyd... Britton is working on a database that allows backers to combine KS and Paypal pledges, I am pretty sure KS does not allow that. They are doing something unique and apparently are not like all other KS projects. If someone does not trust the internet or Britton's script, I imagine they could always just send their survey answers via the USPS. :-P @Britton It's interesting that you bring up web security so casually. What if there are backers who would prefer to send their private information exclusively through Kickstarter? Are they shit out of luck if they don't trust your software? This is what tonight looks like <url>"This is for Floyd!!". I thought it would never stop!</ sarcasm > Yeah, so anyways, found a ton of great bugs. One in particular was me being a dummy and leaving a console.log() debugging statement in the Javascript that caused IE to just straight fail. WHOOPS! Everything works now. There is some small handful of elements that dont align/size right in mobile browsers and i have some compatibility issues in IE7 and IE8 to work out. Oh yes, i also need to get an SSL certificate. I would say "screw it" to IE7 and IE8, but google analytics is showing that 10% of people come to the site on those browsers, so im forced to deal with. :) I wouldn't ask for a refund at this stage but to be honest if this were 'just a pre-order' wouldn't you normally be able to cancel it and get your money back? Due to this difference I think backers deserve a little more respect than Paul's recent attitude towards us. I certainly won't be upping my pledge through Paypal and I'm suggesting to everyone who hasn't pledged yet to wait until the game is released or go through a more traditional pre-order method where a "refund" (cancellation) is guaranteed. I would also never consider making an actual investment in anything related to Paul Trowe until this project is completed. This is targeted at nobody in particular, but on the topic of asking for refunds I say that people have a right to ASK for it. Should Replay cave in and do it? Personally, I don't think that they should. If they did it for one person, then they could conceivably do it for everyone. That's a potential loss of over $655K. I think that it is in incredibly poor taste to even THINK about asking for your money back. And all this over a measly $15. If someone who payed, say $500 or even $250, then MAYBE you would get some form of sympathy from me. But for the minimum price to get the game? I've spent more money on games that I regretted (I'm looking at you, Duke Nukem Forever), but never once would I consider demanding my money back for a subpar experience. I just don't roll that way. And, for the record, Kickstarter doesn't offer refunds nor requires the project creator to offer refunds to people who want their money back. Replay is under absolutely NO obligation to do so. If they are willing, that's entirely up to them. And to **** about it in an open forum makes me wonder if the only reason you're doing so is to get attention. Do it privately...it should be only between the two parties involved. I want my money back!!!! Since Ol' Cumudgeon's run off, I thought I'd take up the slack...:P Oh yeah THAT post. If he were 99% done two days ago and it's still not done then he must have been working on it for a very long time. Hunt him down! :P @Floyd... I am in Seattle until tomorrow afternoon. If you need me to hunt down Britton and lean on him, I can. Flight is not until 2:30PM. :-) @Floyd... From Britton's post below: "I have been focused on finishing the software i created to handle the shipping process for all the prizes. I also wrote a script that will combine backer's PayPal donations with their Kickstarter ones. Paul has asked me to get it out ASAP. I am 99% there. In fact, i am right now looking for people to help me test it. If you are interested, email me at <email>" When did you hear he was finishing it up Riggo? I haven't heard an ETA at all. Hi Jack... You have not missed anything to this point. Britton is finishing up the database. Hi Did the LSL backer emails get sent out? I have been having issues with email so am trying to see if I missed something? Thank you Tomtom you are ordered to report to jack houston kickstarter immediately *cue the circle jerk* i see TomTom has been released from prison! hurray :D i told you: smuggling used asian schoolgirl panties from Taiwan to the US over North Korea isn't a good idea This goes out to Britton and the rest of the Replay guys. Keep up the good work.. I know how tiring it can be to answer a vast number of emails. You can literally spend a whole working day doing nothing else but.. Soo I think you are all doing a great job and the update on the development status in the forums sounds promising :-D looking forward to playing a great game in 2013 !! Larry 2013 will have all.. It'll be Bigger Better Longer Harder - a true winner ;-D ☜☆☞ STILL PROUD FOUNDING MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS & LARRY'S PERFECT 10 AND PENETRA...ERM I MEAN PROMOTER OF THE HOT, LUSCIOUS, MIND BLOWING, SUPERSEXY ASIAN SCHOOLGIRL STRIPPER CHICK THAT WORKS IN THAT CLUB NAMED 69'ERS ☜☆☞ @Floyd... I liked the ticket/ride/driver story. :-) @Ol'Curmudgeon... Good luck and glad to hear you got a personal response. OrangeCrush: Let's be civil, shall we? No need to make negative assumptions on my part... sheesh. I "clogged" up the message boards due to inaction on Replay's part to respond to a simple request. BTW: I've had no problem communicating (ie: content questions, other concerns etc..) with the 4 other projects I'm backing... via Kickstarter. Also, I've remained polite, courteous, and very non-confrontational about the whole thing. I'm not here to work up the ire of anyone, ok? I'm fully aware of the guidelines involving Kickstarter.. and that Replay is under no obligation to refund anyone's cash. It's fully up to them. They *DID* reply late yesterday, btw. For the curious, the answer was: "No, not right now... maybe later.." I am thankful the response. It at least delivers closure.. of sorts.. as for my comments about future action(s)? Aside from prodding a few more times in the future, there is little recourse as you and I are aware. Still, I'm going to try. I'm a man of my convictions, Orange. I truly believe something isn't right and I'm not the type to let my money fund something that fails the smell test. It's a personal belief, of course.. So I don't expect it to sway anyone else's mind. BTW Mr. Crush: "Taking a hint..." isn't the most professional of response methods for a business wanting to accrue gamer loyalty. It is however sadly-systemic of the operation here.. and, has become such the expected norm that users like you, apparently defend such practices. I was and am done with this.. but felt it was necessary to respond to clear up any misunderstanding, OrangeCrush. Thanks for the response. OrangeCrush you're not saying anything that hasn't been said several times by multiple posters. He only wanted a response and he finally got one. To me it's a sign of how often these comments are being monitored by Replay Games. Either they saw it and didn't give a shit or they haven't been checking the comments for over a week (as Britton's post suggests). He said he didn't want to clog the comments up, which probably means that he didn't want a response from you or anyone else who isn't officially with Replay Games. Give it a rest Ol'Curmudgeon. You have said 20 times that you don't want to clog this message board up with your posts yet you continue to do just that. Regardless of what you might think, this is not the request a refund thread. You have already sent them a multitude of messages requesting a refund. If they were going to give it to you they would have responded by now. Talk about not being able to take a hint. Your going to have to mull over your next actions? The only action you have available to you is that of asking for a refund, which you have played time and time again. Face it, your never going to get it and in all honesty, you shouldn't get. When you signed up for Kickstarter or when you actually gave money to this project, did you see any provisions that stated if your not happy with the way things are going that your entitled to a refund of all monies donated? No! You obviously don't understand what Kickstarter actually is. Some guidelines you should read: -Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. -Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. There is nothing about being able to get a refund because someone is unhappy with how a particular project is going. If they fail to deliver the game/rewards, then you will get a refund. Until then, take a pill. The fact that you donated a miniscule amount just makes this whole thing that much more ridiculous. I might understand had it been 500 or 1000 but $15 bucks, lol. How utterly ridiculous. Take my advice and just stay away from Kickstarter. Your bound to give yourself an aneurism over a measly 15 dollars. Hey I bought a ticket on the Replay Games bus ride to awesome just like everyone else I'm just complaining about the ride and the cranky driver. :0) Floyd & Ol'Curmudgeon , I am so "Surprised" your not happy, HAHAHAHA Riggo: I sent them a message from the contact button here, the contact option via their official website, and I posted here daily for about a week. It shouldn't take that much for one single graf response. But eh.. Thanks for sending them a message btw. I appreciate it.. It didn't occur to me that posting on their forum would be necessary (lesson learned?). Oddball: Nope, not happy. It's just another apology on top of another apology on top of another etc... I'm going to have to mull over my next action(s). I'm still quite dissatisfied with the flimflammery that is IMHO quite prevalent. but.. meh.. I've said my peace. Again, thanks for the response Britton.. and thank you Riggo for notifying them. Good night all. I don't really care but there are a few things that could make someone unhappy Odd Ball. The first is this potentially bad attitude of "I hope in the end you will look back and think Wow, i was so glad i spent that $15 on Leisure Suit Larry instead of that one meal at TGI Fridays". The amateur act they're relying on to do database work for us is making it sound like they should only put in as much thought into this as a fry cook would. There were like 3000 people who pledged more than $50 and 2000 who pledged over $100. Most Kickstarter projects wouldn't sneeze at that. And I'll just let a quote from Paul's 5/5 update (and the crickets in the forum) speak for itself. " You guys motivated me by asking for constant updates so the way we're going to deliver them to you is via the Replay Games forum. So far we have 2 sections: Announcements/News and Paul's development blog...I suggest you bookmark it since I plan on blogging pretty much every day on what's going on. I'm not saying I won't post here (like a lot of you guys want), but it just makes sense to keep things in one place. If you don't feel like going through the multiple forums to find what you're looking for (and reading reply after reply after reply) then you're going to love those 2 sections." Wasn't really that difficult to get their attention. I posted one message on the replay forums and they came right over here. Happy now eh Floyd & Ol'Curmudgeon , now kindly take it easy. Hey again, this time im posting under my own account because i wanted to state this not as an official Replay Games statement. There is no one to blame for the delayed response for some of your emails but myself. That is one of my many things i do for Replay Games. I am a volunteer helping out Replay. I am a huge Sierra fan and offered Paul my services at the very beginning. Sierra games interested in me in computer games and surprise, i ended up a computer programmer. I love what i do for a living and it lets me make a decent living for myself, my wife and my two kids. I wanted to give back in some way. So i emailed Paul and told him i would help. Replay Games is not my full time job. I have tried my best to stay on top of emails but in the last 2 weeks there have been times i have fallen behind. I have been focused on finishing the software i created to handle the shipping process for all the prizes. I also wrote a script that will combine backer's PayPal donations with their Kickstarter ones. Paul has asked me to get it out ASAP. I am 99% there. In fact, i am right now looking for people to help me test it. If you are interested, email me at <email> Again i apologize for any grief the delay has caused you. I have been coming home from work only to sit down and code for another 5 hours till 12-1am and repeat the process the next day. Im not making excuses, im just saying it the way it is. I really want to want Larry to be a success and im going to do that the only way i know how, by getting off my ass and doing something about :) I hope in the end you will look back and think "Wow, i was so glad i spent that $15 on Leisure Suit Larry instead of that one meal at TGI Fridays" Thanks everyone who backed this project. I have had a ton of fun so far. It would not be possible without your support. My hats off to ya! Britton Hey again, this time im posting under my own account because i wanted to state this not as an official Replay Games statement. There is no one to blame for the delayed response for some of your emails but myself. That is one of my many things i do for Replay Games. I am a volunteer helping out Replay. I am a huge Sierra fan and offered Paul my services at the very beginning. Sierra games interested in me in computer games and surprise, i ended up a computer programmer. I love what i do for a living and it lets me make a decent living for myself, my wife and my two kids. I wanted to give back in some way. So i emailed Paul and told him i would help. Replay Games is not my full time job. I have tried my best to stay on top of emails but in the last 2 weeks there have been times i have fallen behind. I have been focused on finishing the software i created to handle the shipping process for all the prizes. I also wrote a script that will combine backer's PayPal donations with their Kickstarter ones. Paul has asked me to get it out ASAP. I am 99% there. In fact, i am right now looking for people to help me test it. If you are interested, email me at <email> Again i apologize for any grief the delay has caused you. I have been coming home from work only to sit down and code for another 5 hours till 12-1am and repeat the process the next day. Im not making excuses, im just saying it the way it is. I really want to want Larry to be a success and im going to do that the only way i know how, by getting off my ass and doing something about :) I hope in the end you will look back and think "Wow, i was so glad i spent that $15 on Leisure Suit Larry instead of that one meal at TGI Fridays" Thanks everyone who backed this project. I have had a ton of fun so far. It would not be possible without your support. My hats off to ya! Britton Chiming in again.. another day has passed.. Not a SINGLE peep from the folks at Replay... not ONE word concerning my polite request for a refund. It's been about a week of me requesting several times daily.. At this point, a yes or no would suffice.. hell, an e-mail with smiley face would at least let me know they're paying attention. Any suggestions, ya'll? Does anyone have a contact # or email addy that works? Should I try to engage these folks over twitter? Perhaps call Al Lowe up directly? This is beginning to look like purposeful neglect. That's understandable, and if true that fact increases the importance of updates to correct misinformation posted on the home page (i.e. the wrong developer is being promoted). It also encourages projects to have their shit together BEFORE they launch, including due diligence and establishing trust with outsourced development. @Floyd... FYI... I have heard that once a Kickstarter has completed the developer can no longer edit the first page, so that would explain the no update there. @Odd Ball I've never seen many comments in here clamoring for more updates or information. The issue initially was the type of updates being received. Paul thought it was important to update us on all things that are Paul, including his travels, how he is now a professional Kickstarting genius and that Al Lowe is whoring himself out to a Zombie game and we fanboys should find that interesting. People who did not find that interesting said 'just update us with art and relevant news' to which Josh said 'STFU, here have some news you whiners' and we get an article on a complete change in the developers. After **** and whining that the Sam Suede project was promoting Al Lowe's work even though he's no longer on their project, this Kickstarter now very much promotes the work done by the Adventure Mob team. Rather than doing as they wanted Sam Suede to do they have yet to correct the information on their Kickstarter or inform the backers. Complete hypocrites. No one brought that up though, as the even more volatile subject in Josh's rant was that they would no longer inform backers via Kickstarter. People were outraged and Paul apologized. This is where the spin of 'why are backers such whiners who want constant updates' is coming from. No one asked for constant updates, but that's what Paul has now promised. *your You said you loved Larry and Al Lowe, Josh Mandel and Al Lowe can only be better and trying to raise a stink over principles may only aggravate you ulcer. :-) @Ol'Curmudgeon... It might be in your best interest to accept my option number 3 which was crawl into a hole and root for the good news/bad news and ignore everything else. Kickstarter does not advocate or promote refunds. If someone is pissing you off, sometimes the best defense is to ignore them. Frogacuda: After this ordeal, you can guarantee I'll be more cautious in Kickstarting anything. Replay: Do the right thing, guys. Please give me my money back, and I'll quietly go about my way. I'm being very sincere. Please. Ol'Curmudgeon: All I can really suggest is being careful with future contributions. There's just an inherent risk element. @Oddball: Thanks for the suggestion and I appreciate the response. I will not be dissuaded from pursuing a refund. I cannot in good conscience allow my money to fund something that has become (in my humble opinion) a total fiasco. Again, this is my personal belief and it's based off of keen-observation and other events that have recently occurred / come to my attention... and I certainly don't expect your dollar or opinions to be influenced by my personal observations. The total lack of response from Replay isn't helpful.. which is again, why I've taken to this public forum.. also, it only adds to my numerous concerns about the whole shebang. I also don't really understand why Replay Games have to update us as today after 1 month the backers received an update for Wasteland 2 and I think there have only been 5 or so since the project was funded many months ago, Larry "fans" are very demanding it seems. I don't think Replay Games has done anything untowards however Paul has and by now you all should realise he is an eccentric and needs a PR guy.I for one think no refunds should be made and I can see why Replay Games would not want to open that dialog as it will be posted everywhere........patience is a virtue, I suggest you go the route of out of site out of mind if your displeased. @Frogacuda & Riggo: I cannot thank you both enough for the thoughtful replies, in all honesty I was eventually expecting some kind of flame war .. so it is indeed refreshing to see adult civility. BTW: I second the need for a Kickstarter edit button.. :) Anyways, yes.. it is very disconcerting to still have received no response from anyone at Replay. I've sent several e-mails and have made several posts to this public forum and the only people who've responded are the generous fans here. I have many varied reasons for wanting a refund.. and as I've stated a few times before, I don't want to air them.. nor do I expect your decisions to be influenced by my strong feelings over this.. Needless to say, I feel very, very strongly about this and cannot be dissuaded from pursuing a refund. It it's $7.50 coming back to me after taxes / processing fees.. etc etc.. so be it.. And let me stress again, I've gone out of my way to make this a private affair.. I've sent out several e-mails to Replay's website contact and to their Kickstarter account, with no response. Essentially, I feel that I have no other recourse but to publically request a refund in hopes that this comment section is better monitored than their e-mail account(s). That's kind of how I look at it, Riggo. I backed a handful of projects with the realization that a couple would probably disappoint me in one way or another, but with a belief that the others would hopefully make up for it. - I'm disappointed with Replay's conduct to an extent and it might ultimately influence my decision to support their endeavors in the future, but a refund doesn't seem reasonable to me. At this point to save yourself the heartburn, it might just be best to turn off the remind me button and forget this project ever existed. Best case, you get an e-mail in ~9 months with a download link for a Larry game made by Al and Josh. Worst case, the game never ships and your out the price of 2 McDonalds meals but, you save yourself the stress of worrying about it. Really wish there was an edit button: To my refund point at the end. How much do you think deserve as a refund? 10% of your money went to amazon and ks fees. Now you are down to $13.50. Let's say another 20% of everybodys pledge was for rewards and another 20% has been spent on hiring the new design team. Now you are to $7.50 of your $15 dollars left. Are you OK with $7.50? My point is that due to fees and other costs, there is no way they could fully refund everybody at this point. @Ol'Curmudgeon... Not sure why you have received no responses, but since Kickstarter clearly states that this is a Caveat Emptor operation I am not sure why one would even ask for a refund. If they were to publicly offer you a refund (or you tweeted out that you got one), what kind of precedent would that set? I am sure that there are certain individuals that at times speak before engaging their brains and that irritates quite a few people. If they offered refunds to all individuals that are upset by certain episodes, they may not retain enough funds to make the game. :-) That being the case, I as a backer would really frown on any refunds if it risks my chance at getting the game. If the ks fails naturally fine (All of us get their money back), but if the project failed because of lack of funding due to refunds, that would really piss me off. I'd like to add, that saying that JMart (who is now Ol'Crumudgeon) should get a refund, didn't say he was entitled to it. It's up to Replay Games if they would do it. It's more of a PR thing rather than something that Replay Games has an obligation to. With all that said, it is a risk you get with Kickstarter when you donate through it. I mention preorder because it could be viewed like that since, you pay for the game now, and then get it later. I'm well aware, it isn't a true preorder because the one thing missing, is a way to get that money back. It's why people need to do due diligence on their part before backing a project. So yes, it's a donation rather than a preorder. Still, I have faith that the game will be made at the very least. It's why I backed the project, and why I donated. And Paul Trowe does seem to do that. Again, I'm neutral when it comes to him. He's probably great in person, and a great businessman. But the recent issues that keep popping up, makes it obvious he isn't a PR person. So for me, my faith remains with Al Lowe and Josh Mandel. Chiming in again. It has now been several days with ZERO communication from Reply concerning my refund request. I have a deep love for Leisure Suit Larry, Sierra, and Al Lowe.. and as such, have no desire to disrupt this forum or anything Mr. Lowe endeavours to create. However, the continued negligence on Replay's part.. to even communicate.. a simple yes or no.. is troubling to say the least. It seems Replay's staff has no problem updating their twitter feeds every other hour, so why the communication problem with an actual funder? (who has gone out of his way to contact them) I'm not demanding they acquiesce to some outlandish request on my part.. I just want my money back.. and I have very good reasons for the request.. Now I certainly don't expect my gut feelings about this project to influence anyone else's desires for this game, that's why I tried for days to handle this silently. And.. still, no response. What else can I do? Floyd: I feel like that comment might be directed at me somehow, although I never wrote an article on the matter. I made a couple comments on the Replay forums that said basically that I feel Paul's public persona is damaging to Replay and that he'd be better off letting other people speak for him. The mods deleted the posts (which is fine), but they were pretty civil and didn't say anything that wasn't a matter of public record. - Paul has this weird habit of making obtuse comments about how people don't know what's going on but never actually attempts to tell his side of the story. It's like he just wants drama without any conclusion. I have some remorse over backing this project, but I'd never feel entitled to demand a refund. I knew I was backing an outsourced project by an unknown publisher of questionable credibility, and I considered my pledge to be more of a bet than a pre-order. Hopefully our horse comes in, but if it doesn't, well... I was prepared for that possibility and it's why I pledged less to this than some other projects. - I've never pre-ordered a game in my life. There's no point. For that reason I think it's pretty clear that Kickstarter is something different than that. Thanks Riggo, maybe (hopefully) it was pulled? Bizarre. @Floyd... Looked for an article on IGN that would have caused that tweet. I didn't see anything, but that doesn't mean it's not out there somewhere. Just beyond my 5 minutes of sleuthing I was willing to commit to a search. Although good willed and posted with constructive intentions, I realize that my last two comments added nothing useful to the community and probably just contributed to drag along the negativity. Let me apologize for that. I, for one, would like to be able to go back to my original enthusiasm for the game and its creator. I wrote what I feel and I'm not retracting it - but it would have been probably more useful if I posted the message as a private mail to the project owner. Floyd, just posting it cause it was a good article. I'm not taking sides here. But it was interesting that if there's evidence of a "scam," KS may try to assist. As for me, I would just assume development would be slower and off-schedule. I can wait patiently. It's already been 20+ years. :) Don C he's not asking Kickstarter he's asking Replay directly and just waiting for a response. Hey does anyone know what the hell Paul is talking about in one of his latest tweet-rants? "I would rather stay positive than to stoop to the level of some freelance writer for IGN that has1% knowledge of what we're doing at Replay." <url>"FanPersons")! @Odd Ball: I disagree. I want a refund because I feel duped and have many varied reasons for this feeling. I feel very strongly about this and I'm politely asking for my money back. I understand you're expressing your opinion.. which is at least something. I haven't heard a single thing back from Replay, not a peep. Which as I said earlier, further cements my gut feeling that something isn't right. Apologies for gumming up the comments section, seriously. The last thing I wanted to do is air this request in the public forum, but I feel that I don't have a choice, I really hope Replay can be the bigger Buddha here and just refund my $15 and let me go about my way. Floyd read his comments again, he did, which is an odd request have to say, for money that was donated willing. JMart isn't asking you for a refund Odd Ball. He seems to be just asking for some type correspondence from Replay. Even a polite 'Go F Yourself' is better than nothing. Floyd, I think I know what your good at......whining, as for JMart and asking for a refund, NO it should not get refunded, sorry this is just not how it works. Crowd sourced, no investment, no product that is faulty, no consumer protection, nothing as it was a DONATION, I suggest that in future if a person can't accept that KickStarter is a risk, THEN DON'T BACK it is as easy as that! Paul Trouw whom I don't like or dislike is just a businessman who needs to sit back and let his PR do the talking, have a feeling he is going to more in the background as this KICKSTARTER DONATION continues forward! I'd like to rant a little over the 'shut the hell up, Kickstarter is just an over glorified preorder' argument that keeps popping up. This isn't a preorder. It's a handout. A few months ago Paul might as well have had a cup and a cardboard sign that read 'Will Milk Al Lowe for $$$'. This project would have never even gotten off the ground if it weren't for the generous donations of backers (except me, I was kind of stingy with Larry). Some people who help begging artists want a little humility and gratitude in return. When we hit the $500K mark they sky was the limit for stretch goals. Double Fine made over six times the LSL goal, and it certainly seemed easily possible to achieve $750,000. We didn't even come close. It's much more than a pre-order when production goals are on the line. People can still donate and stretch goals can still be accomplished but it will never happen if the fans are alienated. Simon I don't see any backers 'dictating' anything to Replay. They can spin it around to make us look like 14,000 whiny jackasses all they want but there's no substance behind their rants. Paul posted about his travels and some folks diyodn't like that. Like any mature person would do, Paul saw Josh's 'let me connect the dots you ingrates' post, got a Super Larry over it and posted it as a 'STFU' to everyone here. This lead to a series of requests to keep us updated on Kickstarter, and I'm not sure what happened, maybe Paul's brain stopped farting idk, but he realized the error in his ways. To overcompensate for embarrassing himself and Josh he decided to promote Josh and wait for the congrats on the CCO move. In a few weeks we'll see what happens. Thanks for the support, Simon. I have my concerns and they're too sizable to ignore So, instead of griping and potentially disrupting this project further, I just want my money back. I still have yet to hear a single word despite multiple attempts to contact via Replay & Kickstarter e-mail accounts. Tomorrow, I'll try phone numbers.. if I can find any. FYI: Their inability to communicate with me only further cements my concerns about the viability of this project.. which thankfully, won't be my problem once I get my pledge back. Well, once again, we have the problem about crowd funding popping up. There is a difference between investor (putting your money in, and expecting a profit) to a backer (putting your money in, but only expecting a game/whatever prize you get at a given level) that some people don't understand. An investor puts his money in and expects to be paid back plus profit at the end of the day. And so, they have a much greater say in the game development (good or bad). As a backer, you're not expected to be that involved, if at all. We're really not entitled to anything besides the game being made. Heck, I might even go a step further and say that we're not entitled to a good game either. The developer puts the idea out, we basically 'pre-order' the game and then some to get some goodies, and that's it. Everything else, it's up to them. I'm not saying there aren't things that don't concern me. I'm neutral for example, when it comes to Paul Trowe. I'm neither a fan of him, nor do I hate him. I see him as a very passionate businessman that, at the same time, needs to work on his PR skills. I wish the Adventure Mob thing was handled better. And I believe JMart should get his refund since he no longer supports the project. But, well, all I did was pre-order LSL. I'm not privy to their business dealings. Nor should I be. I only put up $15. it isn't like I have the right to demand things beyond expecting a game in the end. Yes, Replay Games need better PR so these things don't happen. But again, we're backers. Not investors. I've sent multiple e-mails to the folks at Replay via Kickstarter and their website, asking for a refund. It isn't much.. but I have a strong personal belief that things aren't right here... and I don't want to support this project anymore. Again, this is my personal gut feeling.. and I don't expect it to affect anyone else, nor do I feel the need to justify it. I just want my money back... I honestly didn't want to even post in this comments section.. but seeing as my e-mails have been ignored.. I've taken to posting here in hopes someone with Replay will notice and at least send me a response. Thanks. LOL I clearly remember saving Larry. He was upstairs at Lefty's getting all kinds of butt hurt and they weren't even using lubbers. The one foggy part was that I couldn't tell whether Paul was crying or smiling. Floyd... You really need to get over your PT butt-hurt. It seems to fog your vision. This project was nowhere close to failing before we (whoever the hell we is) saved it. Look at the trackers and it was on a steady pace the entire time and funded 7 days before it was due to end. Not sure what you saved. Just for your information, just because someone is NOT a flaming a-hole, it does not make them a fan boy. Good to see you haven't lost your obnoxious touch. :-P Changing topics for a bit, does anyone else think they're trying to pattern the new Larry design after Paul's own image? In the process I hope they don't drop the 'lovable' aspect. <url>"Try telling that to 14k+ backers who all want to dictate to us how to do our jobs. Like we haven't done this b4!". Seriously? "Fanpersons", you just don't get it do you,? We DONATED, we did not invest, we are entitled to nothing if this project goes to the dogs(90% chance to succeed IMO though) but we have backed and have accepted the risk, knowingly or not . Yes it sucks a lot but the sooner that is realised that the better you will feel! PS - Just between us.......I donated 500k to this Kickstarter so you have to listen to me. "Fanpersons", you just don't get it do you,? We DONATED, we did not invest, we are entitled to nothing if this project goes to the dogs(90% chance to succeed IMO though) but we have backed and have accepted the risk, knowingly or not . Yes it sucks a lot but the sooner that is realised that the better you will feel! PS - Just between us.......I donated 500k to this Kickstarter so you have to listen to me. @Floyd... There is constructive criticism which is valuable and there is the 10 backers that posted frequently on the last 3 updates that add ZERO value. I will give you a few examples... I BACKED THIS PROJECT FOR $1000 AND YOU NEED TO DO EVERYTHING I SAY!!!! Not quite the exact words, but the implied message. First, I don't give a shit how much you spent on the project. Every backers input should carry equal value. I HAVE BACKED 32,000 PROJECTS AND YOU NEED TO MEET MY NEEDS! Again, not the exact words, but the message is the same. Sorry if you backed 32,000 projects at the minimum level, but no one has to cater to your specific needs. And then there were the lovely posts that slammed those that even attempted to say relax. The one that really got me was the post about how an unemployed backer had to pull his pledge and a charming backer suggested he should go get a second job instead of posting if he could not afford $10! What a lovely individual that person is. The bottom line is that each backer is just one of 14,081 and there were less than 30 that were **** on the updates and they are not anywhere near representative of the majority. Posting and demanding that the game creators need to cater to the needs of a handful of people is ridiculous. You were your usual charming self, but I have grown use to you. :-P @Irishmile Fair enough. My problem is, Paul was turning the negative comments back on the backers, when he should be taking the criticism and turning it positive instead of whining and passing blame via Twitter. Now if it were a private Twitter account and he was venting his frustration to family and friends, that would be one thing, but it is very public, so he needs to be aware that anyone could be reading. Judging from the tone of the updates, people need to chill out and let these guys do what they do. Negative input does matter. Let me connect the dots for you Odd Ball. "One way, of course, is with the money we earn from sales of LSL1. Another is to interest the press, investors, distributors, etc. in the games. " If Paul and Josh are 'depressed' by the comments that were made so far just wait to see what might happen if the game reviews suck ass, investors and the press have no interest in the game, and Replay ends up going out of business. Paul will have a ton of excuses that he isn't getting enough sleep I guess. And really Riggo, which comments were too obnoxious for you? All I saw were requests to keep people updated with relevant information directly through Kickstarter (for example if the entire development team changes). HaHaHaHaHa........they have our money, so either you can support them or not at the end of it all negative input does not matter only constructive opinions will be heard(but even that doesnt have to be) and with Al & Josh they are going to make a great reboot. On Paul, the guy is a businessman and clearly his PR needs work but you can see he is passionate about Larry/Sierra, so he will get the reboot done right in his own against the grain way. @Irishmile... We need a LEGO Jack Houston. I know you are busy here, but swing by and say howdy every once in a while. Great job by the way! @Greg... You can not deny that there were some pretty obnoxious comments in there. It got to the point that I was disgusted and I have pretty thick skin after spending so much time with my friend Floyd! Also he said jackass comments and NOT jackass backers.. there is a big difference and he wasn't saying ALL of the backers were making the Jackass comments just some.. Nah he was just talking about the ones that are jackasses.. 14,081 backers at least a few of them have to be jackasses statistically speaking :P That is one of several tweets from Paul whining about or bashing the backers. *voicing "Paul Trowe ‏@ptrowe @Irishmile Josh and I got pretty depressed after reading some of the jackass comments people left on the Kickstarter page after we updated" Seriously Paul? People that paid so that you get to make this game are jackasses for voices their opinions? You apologize one day and call us jackasses the next. You, Paul, are the jackass. I think the important thing is that they found someone they can work with... Judging from the new Disco shot they will be perfectly capable at providing the same look and vibe we all put money towards backing... THE reason for us is really of no consequence as long as the finished product is what we backed.. Its not like they announced they were replacing Al or Josh with someone else. Paul clearly infers that Adventure Mob somehow disrespected Al & Josh. I'm sure this decision was made after careful, rational deliberation, as Paul Trowe is clearly a very level headed person who would never fly off the handle over something petty. I'm glad that Replay is now backpedaling over the 'we will not update Kickstarter, go to the f'ing forums' issue. Paul continues to tweet away his love for us. <url>"Paul Trowe ‏@ptrowe People just love taking cheap shots at us when in fact, we're making a better game with a better developer that doesn't disrespect Al & Josh" "Paul Trowe ‏@ptrowe We did our due diligence on Adv. Mob by flying to Tel Aviv and did not find what we had been promised.We had no choice but to switch devs." "Chris Hutwelker ‏@Hutty211 @ptrowe The fans, the backers, have faith that you will give the license its first reserved respect in 18+ years." "Paul Trowe ‏@ptrowe @Hutty211 I agree,Chris.But try telling that to 14k+ backers who all want to dictate to us how to do our jobs. Like we haven't done this b4!" @Riggo: my KS-name has not changed since I changed it due to my pledging to SpaceVenture. That was waaaay more than 60 seconds ago. And yes, I have a psychological condition that prevents me from 'reading between the lines' so if anything is not expressed IN the lines chances are high I'll miss it. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### I'm starting to see some warning lights flashing with regards to the health of this venture. This includes questions about switching developers and the recent spate of updates which do not provide any info about the progress on the game. I accept there will always be internal company politics and usually the more money involved, the more politics. But I think Replay Games would do well to focus the attention of their backers on the game technology and the work progress rather than the side-issues. Take a leaf out of the DoubleFine Adventure's book. Have a look at their art, programming and writing updates. That's the kind of stuff that a backer would look to see, not the stuff I've been seeing on the Leisure Suit Larry updates. Signs of progress will dispel any doubts caused by the above. Conversely, the absence of actual work updates together with highlighting other side-issues in updates will only cause the sense of unease to grow. @Bob... Wow. You are changing your name every 60 seconds now? Sorry you missed the sarcasm in my previous comment. When I posted that comment, the update up was #27 and there was no link at that point. @Riggo: yes in it's the PS to update #28, which was posted many hours AFTER I posted my comment. And I do not consider that information trivial, seeing as how they probably used a part of our pledges flying to Israel. ### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### I really love how you can use Kickstarter to support a fledgling publisher. All of these other Kickstarters with 'independent development studios' are so cliche. I wonder which hour of their plane flight to Isreal my pledge went towards funding. Were the peanuts honey roasted? This is kind of weird, I thought Adventure Mob was pivotal, I mean, we had the whole "Al, Josh and Paul in Israel" thing just recently. Anyway, I trust the guys, especially Josh, so I won't question it too much. I hope Adventure Mob was well compensated for their efforts, which brought in a lot of support for this Kickstarter (with their demo artwork). I don't know many of the reasons for the developer switch, but I hope they bounce back from this. Nice find Bob, however I am sure that if you go back and read the last update that link is in there somewhere. Maybe it is on the page of the zombie card game and we all missed it. But really, why would they feel the need to update us on something as trivial as changing the team that is making the game? If this doesn't go into another KS-update, Trowe has got his priorities all wrong: (hoping KS doesn't put the url I'm about to put all wrong) <url>### Member of the Pinkerton Road Cavalry ### right on Riggo, right on Just wanted to say to all of you, what fun it was chatting with you during this kickstarter project. However since it has ended we have all moved on to bigger and better things. It has broken up the group up and for that I am sad. We had too much fun here to have it end so soon and it only makes me wish that we could find new locations to reunite. For you adventure game puzzle solvers out there, the clue to the next gathering point of adventure game fans lies in the message above. If you figure it out, feel free to come over and join us at the next happening location. ;-) Anyone seen Tomtom or Jester? Another really interesting crowdfunding project launchs today: Pendulo´s new Adventure: "Day One" <url>"You Some?") took a peek ^-^ Thanks everyone!! <url>~John If anyone is still home, just want you to know I could use a few more friends in the comment section over at Jack Houston... It is awfully lonely... Tomtom? If anyone still lurks around here..... This point n click adventure game could really use some love.. <url>{ Living up to your name there, eh, odd ball? :P Hmmm that did not turn out well! . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . ,.-‘”. . . . . . . . . .``~., . . . . . . . .. . . . . .,.-”. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .“-., . . . . .. . . . . . ..,/. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ”:, . . . . . . . .. .,?. . . . . .Miss the community!. . . . .\, . . . . . . . . . /. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,} . . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`^`.} . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:”. . . ./. . . . . . .?. . . __. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :`. . . ./. . . . . . . /__.(. . .“~-,_. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`. . . .. ./. . . . . . /(_. . ”~,_. . . ..“~,_. . . . . . . . . .,:`. . . . _/. . . .. .{.._$;_. . .”=,_. . . .“-,_. . . ,.-~-,}, .~”; /. .. .} . . .. . .((. . .*~_. . . .”=-._. . .“;,,./`. . /” . . . ./. .. ../. . . .. . .\`~,. . ..“~.,. . . . . . . . . ..`. . .}. . . . . . ../. . . . . .(. ..`=-,,. . . .`. . . . . . . . . . . ..(. . . ;_,,-” . . . . . ../.`~,. . ..`-.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..\. . /\. . . . . . \`~.*-,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..|,./.....\,__ ,,_. . . . . }.>-._\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .|. . . . . . ..`=~-, . .. `=~-,_\_. . . `\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\. . . . . . . . . .`=~-,,.\,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . `:,, . . . . . . . . . . . . . `\. . . . . . ..__ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .`=-,. . . . . . . . . .,..`>-- Here's a little something that I whipped up in support of the Adventure Game Revival Movement: <url>"Lefty's Bar" www.LeftysBar.com and I'm adding content as fast as I can with my busy work schedule. As a treat I figured I'd throw up the footage from my marathon, I have all 24 hours of it on my pc, where as Twitch.TV deleted a good chunk of it online when I was temp banned. So I'll throw it up. If anyone who watched the marathon recalls, part 6 and 7 gave me some guff and I didn't play them in their entirety. So I was thinking, If I did a live stream to record parts 6 and 7 to have complete play throughs for the site I'm working on. Would there be any intrest in any of you coming by to watch again? Just curious what the demand or intrest is ^-^ Thanks everyone! I just want to say thank you to everyone who contributed and thank you Paul, Josh and Al for publicly promoting the project through here, Twitter and the CyberJoke e-mails, etc. completely wrong comment section... forget everything i said and move on... nothing to see here. except maybe the freaking great SPACE VENTURE from the TWO GUYS that everyone should back @ Junius: you better take Xenonauts out of this list...its over man BTW... here is some Fanart our backerfriend Marcio Araujo made for the ending of the Pinkerton Road Campaign <url>… Come help us hit orbit! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hey, just the people I wanted to talk to! The new SpaceVenture game by the guys who created SPACE QUEST need just over 69k (we all like that figure, right?) to make their goal in 63 hours! Be a champion of Sierra On-Line and make their dream come true: <url>’s try and hit the 30% stretch goal (we just need about $94,000 more). It will expand the game to make it HUGE, and it will be awesome! www.texmurphy.com All look at the begging cute puppy dog eyes over to the left and follow them over to: <url>"frame" him, it doesn't explain why he agreed with them in his own posts. Hey Trowe. You come across as a complete jackass. In interviews with others you talk about yourself, you constantly try to tell your story about being an annoying brat who never stopped calling sierra support, you are incapable of starting a post without telling everyone you haven't had any sleep, and now all this with the Sam Suede thing. Poor Paul thought he was Al Lowe's only friend, and now he is mad. boohoo. I wonder if we could talk Chris Jones and Aaron Conners to add a Paul Trowe mask in a costume shop to Project Fedora... Yes Floyd, because Oj's murder trial and media circus are at all in line with an accusation on the internet with limited research. A dissapearing MySpace page is the new "the glove doesn't fit:. :b You're right calbeb. Maybe he and OJ can play golf together too. It seems pretty irresponsible for MixnMojo to post that thread. Actually, more than that, it kind of borders on slander. There is no real proof in there that Paul Trowe created the account. IK Joseph. I'm a fan of Leisure Suit Larry but I'm not a fan of the guy in charge of him. History repeating itself I guess. If there's anyone I'm worried about right now, it's Al Lowe and Josh Mandel. I hope Trowe isn't doing their head in. @Riggo I'm guessing Paul wishes there was a delete button too. It's never too late to boycott. Spread the word: No new Paypal pledges and no retail sales. When the game comes out...AVAST YE MATEYS! Thanks for that article Travis. It's beyond disgusting. I'm seriously considering calling my credit card company and claiming it back. @Tomimt did you read that article? It's about SpaceVenture, not Sam Suede.. @Travis don't be silly. While Paul's reaction wasn't the best possbile approach, Wisecrack is also responsible for it. Personally I thought their initial pitch was a bit of false advertising considering Al's current status in project. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hey everyone, PLEASE pledge toward the Two Guys SpaceVenture Kickstarter (the guys who created Space Quest.) There are only 7 days to go, and we need to make it happen! <url>"Xenon Special Forces" :D <url>“I am not involved in any way with Wisecrack’s current production of Sam Suede. I am proud of the work I did on Sam back in 2006. When I left, the game’s design was nearly complete, but the text, where the humor lies, was barely started. I am not personally involved in any legal action against Wisecrack and wish them well implementing my game design without me.” He added, “As far I know, Replay Games is consulting with Codemasters about what action to take against Wisecrack concerning any Leisure Suit Larry usage, to which Replay has the rights. Right now they’re discussing a cease and desist order but it may go further than that if Wisecrack does not comply and remove any confusion as to my current non-involvement in their project.” @Travis... I don't think anyone will have to sue. The Sam Suede kickstarter is tracking to less than 100k. If they want to right the ship, they are going to have to come clean about the level of Al's involvement. There are way too many people that weren't too happy with the non-Al Larry games. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I've got a lot of money in LSL here. Can't do Sam even if I want to. Need to focus on SpaceVenture now. Come join us if you haven't yet! I'm not supporting any Sam Suede project unless Al Lowe gives his blessing. We all know what happens when Al Lowe isn't involved with a character he created. I want to get SpaceVenture funded instead. I'd rather not have any more of my kickstarter dollars wasted on legal fees than necessary. @Ben; When did Paul = Al? I still want Ken's version. And for that matter, Steve Ince's as well, I don't think anyone's bothered to contact him. An apt response: <url>’ll attend a jazz performance to see Al Lowe perform and play saxophone with his local jazz band MOJO and then whisked away to dinner with Al and Ken. Strikes me as odd that Paul wants to shut down the Sam Suede campaign rather than merely have it amended. What's also strange is that he's filing a lawsuit today in Texas when he's in Tel-Aviv. I'm thinking there's been a massive misunderstanding... Oh hello lawsuit! <url>#.T8Y8gJnf8m0.twitter @Joseph Pantaleo i remember reading here that if leisure suit larry went through that they would try to acquire the rights to space quest. when this happen i'll donate but i dont think the two guys will be involved. i only donated to LSL because Al was incharge, so for me no Space Quest no Money, i think alot of people feel this way since the donation box is not getting support. Thanks for the info guys. Good to hear that the Two Guys will use that interface. I always liked the verb bars and parsers. @John: I heard about that a long time ago and had forgotten about it. I tried in dosbox but it didn't work. I might have a newer game version though (mine is from the Greatest Hits and Misses collection) Hey Dylan; they're going for a radial wheel with icons like in Full Throttle and Curse of Monkey Island. Well I'll be damned, it is in the game, just found the how to make it happen Leisure Suit Larry 1 AGI suicide. If you want to view it for yourself, just press Alt-D to enable debug mode, then type "tp", and when asked for a room number, type 19. It's in my version of the game version 1.00 Dyan: I don't think so, but SpaceVenture WILL have something like that. Was it ever mentioned whether the remake would have a similar interface as LSL7? I would love to see the verb command again, that was genius. Hey John, yes that's very real. You have a watch in your inventory and if it goes after midnight, you die. I think it's only in the original game. I hope it's in the remake! BTW, check out the new prototype from the Space Quest creators on their Space Venture Kickstarter! (Requires GoogleChrome) <url>"Don't promote a project on other projects' pages. Your comments will be deleted and your account may be suspended." <url>"creating a new hilarious Space Adventure game". i will not pledge one dime, unless they confirm a 100% its a space quest reboot /remake or sequal. All has been said in the comments below.. So obviously you should know by now that the TWO GUYS are BACK and are creating a new hilarious Space Adventure game.. We need you..to make your pledge.. But I also want to encourage you to tell all your friends and foes about the Two Guys Kickstarter.. I would personally thank you with a original thank you message personalized personally by me in person... Personally what greater gift you could actually wish for...ok wait..don't answer that.. Anyway..join the party tell your friends and be happy.. <url>╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>"Reloaded" version. Vote it up here: <url>╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>"Leisure Suit of Duty"! Congratulations for reaching $675.000 with Paypal! :-) Seriously now, we're complaining because it's going to take Replay/Adventure Mob/Al/Josh/etc a little longer to deliver the game? Could that be because, oh, I don't know, they have to add content that wasn't on the board when the original release date was set??? Wow, what a surprise? Unplanned extra content takes a little extra time to conceptualize/design/code/test! But in all seriousness, there is no reason to be complaining. This is should *not* be shocking/surprising/dismaying/disappointing/anger-inducing to anyone with a shred of common sense. A little extra time means a polished, non-buggy product. Perish the thought! On that note, everyone go give the Two Guys From Andromeda a helping hand with their Kickstarter! <url>╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>"wah wah I want it now gamers" who don't care about things like ohh a working game (I'm looking at you Skyrim fans ;) ) but this is good for all of us, new content and a smooth running experience. WOO HOOO Nice to hear someone take a chance on missing out on xmas $$$ because they want a product they can be proud of. I wish more devs thought that way. Feels a bit like bait-and-switch, to be honest. Promised to arrive in October 2012 until the project is funded. As soon as the project is funded, the release date gets pushed back to 2013. Umm...some PR 101 needed. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Al - Actually the reason it's delayed is exactly because they got more money then they originally planned, you would know this if you took the time to read the last update prior to making your "lame" comment. They are implementing new rooms, a new girl, and new story content, all of which will obviously take more time then previously anticipated. We've waited a very long time for a LSL game so most of us don't mind waiting till the new year as long as its going to be a polished gem as opposed to a buggy turd... besides, the original goal was October so is it really the end of the world if you have to wait a few more months to get not only a better game but a polished and bug free game?? WOw, 2013! already delayed. lame. Guess they didn't get enough money. <url>"All About Poop", a children's book: <url>╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ et al ( 69 n perfect 10 etc) ( which means "and others".....as opposed to ATE AL...which sounds kinda naughtie ) Jane Jensen just confirmed that she will be releasing TWO new adventure games! Moebius and Mystery Game X. You'll get both games for $50. ╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ @Fellow 69ers... Keeping this redirect at the top. We have moved on to Jane's kickstarter and founded the replacement club. ╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over Now that LSL is funded, I wanted to get the word out about this project : <url>"sneaking" style.. check it out if you haven't, you might like what you see! @R.Potter : i tried to steal their capslock key already... but it didn't work! :) @Fellow 69ers... Keeping this redirect at the top. We have moved on to Jane's kickstarter and founded the replacement club. ╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>☜☆☞ 69'er Member and Larry "Penetration Facilitator" ☜☆☞ Lmao.... :) @S. van Hengel: Who knows? ☜☆☞PROUD MEMBER OF THE ORDER OF REALLY LONG AND DIFFICULT TO PARSE SIGNATURES THAT GREATLY OUT-STRIPS THE SIZE OF THE POST IN WHICH IT OCCURS IN TO THE POINT WHERE IT IS QUITE HARD TO READ THE TEXT OF THE ORIGINAL POST WHICH IS QUITE SAD BECAUSE THERE MIGHT BE TRULY INSIGHTFUL WORDS WITHIN BUT YOU ARE TOO BUSY TRYING TO DECIPHER THE LONG-WINDED TEXT THAT FOLLOWS AND BY THE TIME YOU FINISH YOU'VE ACTUALLY FORGOTTEN WHY YOU WERE LOOKING AT THE POST IN THE FIRST PLACE AND BEGIN TO WONDER IF PERHAPS YOU HAD ALREADY READ IT AND SIMPLY FORGOTTEN IT OR SIMPLY HAD NOT READ IT AT ALL AND ULTIMATELY DECIDE TO SKIP IT RATHER THAN WASTE THE TIME REREADING SOMETHING YOU MIGHT HAVE ALREADY READ THEREBY RELEGATING THE WORDS FOREVER TO THE REALM OF OBSCURITY (TM) AND FAILING TO PROPERLY ENRICH YOUR LIFE; ALSO OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ Im wondering how big those signatures are going to end up like..☜☆☞IM NOT A PROUD FOUNDING MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS & LARRY'S PERFECT 10 AND PENETRA...ERM I MEAN PROMOTER OF THE HOT, LUSCIOUS, MIND BLOWING, SUPERSEXY ASIAN SCHOOLGIRL STRIPPER CHICK THAT WORKS IN THAT CLUB NAMED 69'ERS :-D ☜☆☞ :) @roy Wow.. LOL.. Great.. Just as I said constant penetration..;-) ☜☆☞ STILL PROUD FOUNDING MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS & LARRY'S PERFECT 10 AND PENETRA...ERM I MEAN PROMOTER OF THE HOT, LUSCIOUS, MIND BLOWING, SUPERSEXY ASIAN SCHOOLGIRL STRIPPER CHICK THAT WORKS IN THAT CLUB NAMED 69'ERS :-D ☜☆☞ Nice article on Kotaku - The Asian girl is official! :) <url>"pumping some life into it anywhere you can". :) ╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Jane's project looks awesome and I am backing it as well. I wanted to mention that another promising game is ending today, Nekro. Some Larry backers are already there with a new tag line. Nekro is only 5k away from their stretch goal of 140k. Please take a look. @Fellow 69ers... Keeping this redirect at the top. We have moved on to Jane's kickstarter and founded the replacement club. ╬҉ ~ St. George's Knights: Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ~ ҉╬ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>☜☆☞ STILL PROUD FOUNDING MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS & LARRY'S PERFECT 10 AND PENETRA...ERM I MEAN PROMOTER OF THE HOT, LUSCIOUS, MIND BLOWING, SUPERSEXY ASIAN SCHOOLGIRL STRIPPER CHICK THAT WORKS IN THAT CLUB NAMED 69'ERS :-D ☜☆☞ Voting for what KickStarter Tiers for the SpaceVenture i.e Space Quest Guys/Guys from Andromeda! <url>"long dead genre" (lol). Wasteland 2, Moebius, LSL 1 remake, Space Adventure... It's a good time to be an adventure gamer. Now if only we could get a 6th Quest for Glory game... I hope to see you all on the Forums. Note to Devs. Make it so your posts on the forums there are obviously from Developers and not to be confused with everyone else. Same fore any moderators you chose to nominate. Grats on the goal achievement. Looking forward to Larry coming all over the place again, er, or something like that. @Josh: Have you guys thought of setting up a Facebook page to keep the sense of community going? I very much agree on that, @Joshua. Hopefully it will continue on the Replay Forums, and on Jane's Kickstarter page. It got a real good boost today, thanks to your video. :) I agree, Josh. The neat thing from a fan's perspective is that we can connect directly with you, the developers. Never before have adventure fans been able to that. The days of guessing what fans want are now gone, and the barrier between fans and developers is now gone thanks to the Internet. It makes us feel like we're a part of the development process. . In case I've forgotten to mention this before, thank you for your commitment to this project. All the updates and communication you guys have had with us is appreciated. It's so cool to see that you, Al, Paul, and everyone else at Replay and Adventure Mob are as excited as we are! For me, the sense of community was probably the most surprising and pleasing part of the whole experience. Yes, it's excellent to meet (and exceed) our financial goals, but the shared sense of excitement is what's really inspiring. See you, Joseph. You weren't the same Joseph that I talked to on this and Jane's Kickstarter, were you? It's difficult to keep track via these comment pages. The profile doesn't even seem to keep a complete record. Ah, well. For what it is worth, I will be following Jane's Kickstarter from here on out (I've already pledged a bit to her cause), and I will definitely be following and pledging to Mark and Scott when they get their Kickstarter up and running. I have a few creative ideas that may (or may not) help out, too, such as a YouTube video combining scanned boxes and personal letters that I received from Sierra On-Line over the years. I'll probably have an update on my blog about that at some point. This user's account has been deleted. The 650,000+ is cool and all, but what's the actual budget going to be? They still have a bunch of commission fees and rewards expenses they'll have to take into account. see ya joseph... feel free to join the Jane Jensen Pinkerton Road and i'm sure you'll be back for the TWO GUYS. it's just incredible... if anybody would have told me three months ago that all these games are going to happen, i would have said: yeah, dream on..... What a blast I had this month obsessing over this page! it was nice to meet a lot of you, hopefully we'll run into each other again on the other Kickstarters! Ciao! @ Odd Ball. I don't know, but I doubt it. At least not enough for the insane amount, they are asking for. So they needs some new fans. I haven't play the amiga game yet (That will by my weekend project, if I can fit it in between LSL3 and LSL5) but reading about it and seeing some reviews on youtube, makes it seems like an really interesting game. The style and at the atmosphere alone is enough to make me a one of those new fans. @Jason, the community feeling is continuing on Jane Jensen's project - feel free to join, now that we know Larry is coming again ;) ♂ Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ♂ @ Jon Nilsson , wow "Rob Swigart's Portal (1986) Reborn". is asking for 900k in 24 days, is there a lot of fans out there for Rob Swigart? This was awesome guys, between the forums and the marathons, there was a real sense of community and banning together to see this happen. Everyone who pledged rocks!!! Now I just can't wait for the game. There is also "Rob Swigart's Portal (1986) Reborn". This adventure-game proberly needs a lot more help to make it than Moebius, but does indeed sound awesome. <url>♂ Paying for Our Fathers' Sins $6.66 at a time ♂ Come on over And for the 69ers who require sleep here is our last screen shot. <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ I just registered at the Replay forums, and am currently awaiting the (slow, it seems) confirmation email. I had to chuckle when I read the EULA I had to agree to when I registered though, it told me I was not allowed to post sexual related content of any kind on the forums.;-) @Nancy did you actually change the amount you pledged? (It was a type-box at the top of the "change pledge"-page). You have to manually enter the new amount their. Just changing the reward tier (with the radio-buttons) is not enough to change the amount pledged. You should write an e-mail to ReplayGames. They'll probably either give you the extra goodies or maybe a refund. @Nancy - I don't think you can get your money back but if you email ReplayGames, they will give you all the goodies for the 40$ pledge Help! I changed pledge from $40 to $15 last week. Charged Me $40 and sending digital download only. How do I fix this? Video is up! <url>"We wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to Replay Games, Inc. for $1169.69 on May 2, 2012" is the message I got from Amazon payments at 18:34 CEST. Guess it's time for me to head off to Jane's Moebius too, where I have been a CSG Gold Member for some time now. As a going-away present, I have come up with the perfect title for me: ☜☆☞ CO-FOUNDER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10, ☜☆☞ So did you claim a $1250 reward for that money people donated for the marathon, Johnny? XD As an investor I demand that birds are added to the game and that it is in a first person shooter. I think astro chicken would suit the role. A nice little arcade machine in lefty's bar would be cool. If nothing else to give a salute to another great series "Space quest". may it rise again Djiz, I'm still on a Larry-high, I obviously can't read anymore ;) But I thought I saw a headline along the lines of "Larry CAME!" Maybe too much coffeine'll do that to ya. Looking forward to an update from the guys! RoyMartin: I know one popped up that was just a notice from Kickstarter that the funding was successful. I just got a pop-up-message about an update, but I can't find it anywhere? Just had to stop by and say congratulations on your success and I can't wait to play Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards Reloaded! I have an iPhone 3GS, so if support for an older model like that can be included in the mobile plans, that would be fantastic! And now that you've been funded, time to go fund Jane Jensen's KickStarter, and, once it launches, the KickStarter for the Two Guys From Andromeda with Gary Owens! A big round of applause to you guys and everyone who has ever worked at, worked for, or loved the best of Sierra! Yup, Looks like my Amazon payment went through, and I was charged, I'm gonna miss that $1269.69 but it's all worth it!!! Gotta start practicing my "What a PERVERT!" face :P I can't wait for the first beta release ^-^ ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ @Jane Jensen Yes, I'm a csg gold member, looking forward to your projects successful funding very soon. Tex Murphy next!!!! It's an adventure gamer's dream year! Jane, thank you! We're honored! Congratulation Al, Josh, Paul, The Adventure Mob and everyone else at Replay games. Amazon have just successfully taken the money from my credit card. Good luck guys with making the game and I can't wait to see what new gags and situations that you're going to be putting poor Larry through :) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ And the money got charged! Congrats, and GET TO WORK !! LOL And look at all those big tier items that got taken in the last 24 hours. Doggie Style, Drunk, bar patrons, 4 disco patrons, and the flasher. Impressive! 655,182 Kickstarter $18,630 Paypal $673,812 Total Grtz guys @Jane Jensen I'm looking forward to your work as well. I already it backed it ;) Wow, this really took off over the last three days! Congrats, everyone! YEAH BABY! *queues the "Where's **** (tm)" music* and starts conga line :D:D You legends! Blew the extended budget away! Welcome back, Al! Waited a long time for a proper res...erection? CONGRATS, Al, Josh and Paul! Amazing job! Jane Great work everyone. IT's amazing how well this ended up doing in the home stretch. I am glad we will get to see some additional content. All I have to say now is, get to work!!! I want it for Christmas!!! @tser The implication that they'd be using Mantis chills me to the bone. Congratulations, Al and guys! Well deserved, I think. Can you consider the following for the game? Include an age verifying process akin to the one in the old games. I remember with fondness how I tried to guess the right answers. Because A) I was to young to know the answers, and B) Because some of the questions were ridiculously US-centric. Like "The last name of Annette (on the Mickey Mouse Club) was" So my plea is: Make a new set of age questions and make them rooted in pop culture to such a degree that people in just a few years will have to resort to the internet to answer them. I am deadly serious, by the way. That would just make the whole thing sweeter! :) \o/ \o/ \o/ Congratualations Al, Replay Games and all fans of great adventures!!!! Congratulations everybody on hitting 650K! I cant wait to see the new girl! Al and company, do it right! We cant wait! Wow this is incredible, I wake up and it's up an extra 20k! Congrats Al, Josh and fellow backers! Can't wait for the video! Thanks Josh and concras to you as well ! Can't wait for the video :-) @Mike Kool man :)) @Joshua Mandel: Great! Congratulations, Al Lowe and Replay Games! It is time to go celibate...I mean, go celebrate! <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ Now the hardest part begins: waiting for the game. We did our part, now it's up to Replay Games. Go make us a great game guys!!! Larry lives!!! Wow, we made the $650K milestone - very exciting! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ @RottenWood "Mantis issue #69" "When i right click on a piece of wood, 'my screen turns dark and i get a censored bar" " I expected to see larry picking it up and be able to throw it to the dog " --- Feedback from user XYZ "When i see mantis issue 69 i expect it to be about 69 actions!!!" Hey Marty, we don't owe you a pledge because you backed a project we liked. That just means we agreed on LSL. I have missed these kinds of games Go Larry I have to leave for work in 90 minutes. I hope we get our video update before I go. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ Congrats on passing 650K :D @SeanPaul - Wow! Good publicity. I still can't believe that we actually did so well. I'm glad I have Jane's campaign to focus on, or else I would really miss this Kickstarting thing. $673,812 as of 1 PM Eastern Time. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ @rottenwood constant penetration, constant penetration the way to success ;-) Media penetration that is.. ;-) and now out for sure :-D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Hey all larry fans. I have supported you now come do the same for Jane Jensen and make moebius and another Gabriel knight happen. Come on guys... <url>`s help Mrs. Jensen. I also have the feeling we'll be seeing a lot of each other in the beta testing. Perhaps... too much. "SHUT UP ABOUT THE ASIAN SCHOOLGIRL ALREADY!!! WE CAN'T MAKE HER MORE NAKED!!!" Let's crack the champagne! Anyone remember the number Larry had to dial to order a bottle in LSL1? Yeah!!!!!!! Congrats! Let's head over to the Jane Jensen page - its time to get that one funded yesterday. @pedasn: I have exactly that same feeling :-/ @pedasn - I agree! Hopefully this community feeling will continue on the Replay forums (I'm MrOslo there) Indeed, back Jane Jensen, if you haven't done so. there's still a few bucks coming in on Paypal. But it's nice to know we made it with room to spare. I hear ya on Moebius. Larry should be a welcome distraction until March. Back Jane Jensen! Congratulations to Al, Josh, and Replay Games! am i the only one who has the fealing like a festival has just ended and a lot of new friends walk away in different directions. i hope everybody will be on the forums as soon as they are up. Sweet baby Larry! You hit $650k!! :D It's been great the comments, the team spirit, the jokes the joy we had with our 69ers and Larry's Perfect 10.. the coolest groups on Kickstarter :-D Hope to meet some of you in the replay forum when the beta is out and/or in the projects to come.. Oh I really like this idea of that hot, luscious, mind blowing, supersexy Asian schoolgirl stripper chick that works in this club named 69'ers something.. ;-D :-) !! LOL BYE AND OUT ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ Looking forward to October and playing the old game with new content. I'm really hoping there'll be a few new things that can be done with the ladies. I've always wanted Larry to help Faith be less faithful or out play Fawn, but I guess that might go against his loser charm. Anyway, off to Pinkerton Road! Well.. to everyone: back to our regular lives and we'll meet in the forums when the game is finished or ready for testing. Take care and see y'all later!!! It's been a blast! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @John. This is as close as I could find to the $669.69. Frame it and enjoy it :P <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ I was just happy and now I am poorer ;) On to Moebius and more bad news for my wallet. Everyone who hasn't done so and still has some bucks, think about giving Jane Jensens project a hand. Congratulations!!! Good work everyone. I hope it was as good for you as it was for me. Now that this project is over, I am moving over to the "Comments" section of Jane Jensen's Kickstarter project... (her project needs everyone's help)... and I am awaiting the Kickstater project from the Two Guys of Andromeda. I bet Al's chugging champagne right now. Congrats guys!!!!!! $673,602. It's a nice number, isn't it? .......anyone? a towel? Come on, someone's got to have a towel for Larry? I'm off to Pinkerton - gotta get Jane her money, too! Thanks for all of the awesome comments and team spirit here; I had a ton of fun chatting with you guys, watching the marathons, and reminiscing. Well done fellas - I look forward to playing LSL again. Gj :D, Now time to head over to moebius. See you there... Is the Beta out yet? I wanna play :P ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ More like $673,602 If you were a Gabriel Knight fan, don't forget to also check out Jane Jensen's Moebius project! Who knows, maybe we'll see a remake of GK1 very soon as well! Adventure games live. Congratulations, you completed Laser Shoot Larry with a perfect score of 673,167 out of 650,000 possible puzzle pledge points! As usual, we've made a real pant load. ))-------> Boooooing! :) I have to admit, I didn't think we had a chance in hell of reaching $650K, let alone breezing past it, until early this morning. I'm glad our collective team spirit got everyone to join in and make it happen! ;) Yeah baby !! why isn't it October now? Grats to the entire team and good luck with the work coming up :) Congrats everyone!!! there's still a few donations coming in... looks like the total will be somewhere around $673,602, if all things are equal. Keep in mind, kickstarter has listed the total as $655,182, whereas the Paypal site has the total still listed as $654,747. That's a difference of $435 extra that's come in. So $673,167 + $435 = $673,602. This is what an advanced accounting degree will do to you. @sidothello I dont know about our children's children :P by then iOS and computers would have been phased out and we'll have to have another kickstarter event to re do them all again ^-^ I'll start prepping for that marathon! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ I've just checked my account and my card has been charged! I have never been so happy to give money!!!!! @Jeremy Tartaglia LOL..what a climax! And now for the long wait... I love it :) $673,167 1 down, 5 to go. He's back from the Sierra mountains!! @Rottenwood, I'm joining you! We have work to do :) Waiting for the final update. YES! We made it! It would seem I'm just a couple of minutes too late to see the seconds ticking down. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ Ughhh....ewww! All over my shoes Larry? And yeah thx and welcome to the 69ers, perfect 10 or whatever club your pledge would fit in: you rock.. Larry will thank you all by coming (back) Longer, bigger and stronger ;-) This is all way too crazy.. But wow keep it up people!! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Funding successful. That's the anouncement I wanted to see. :D Larry Laffer Lives. I have waited a long time for this day. Lust in space or bust. With Paypal, at the moment, $673,167 total!! Anyone get a snapshot of the $669,696? ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ ok.. Time to have a happy sleep.. Good Night everyone (Night Time in my Timezone) And now, two minutes to relax... and then I start stumping and promoting Jane's project 24/7. No rest for the wicked! Great work everyone! We ALL did it as a team!!!! :) For the next Kickstarter, I promise Al my first born child. Congrats to everyone! Congratulation to all backers, Al, Paul, Josh and everybody at Replay Games ! WOO HOO! "HE'S BACK!!" Thanks to all the other backers! And thanks to Replay Games, Al, Josh, and the crew for making this possible! .......can someone get Larry a towel? YEAH, BABY WE DID IT! *BA-DUM BA-DUM BA-DUM* *where's **** bass line* Hooray for us. We brought back Larry not only for our own enjoyment, but that of our children and our children's children. We're great parents. It's been fantastic to be part of this kickstarter so far, such a commitment by everyone. Hopefully it will be even better now when the development begins. Thank you all. YEAAAAHHHHH!!! WE MADE IT! So glad we reached over 650.000!!! Jane Jensen Moebius NEXT!!!! Everybody make sure your pledge amount is available in your card or account of choice! :p High Fives all around! Space Quest and Kings Quest next! Now to get that work done that has been pilling up for the last month! yes yes yes!!! thanks to all the great backers for bringing larry back to life. i wanted to up my pledge but it was too late. congrats al lowe! Never been this happy to give my money to someone ! MY SWEET BALLS, THIS IS GREAT!!! WOOHOO! It's over! We did it! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ Congra!!!!!! Hooray! Bring on the video! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ Kickstarter its the best idea ever! LARRY'S BACK! Yesh! Congratulations!!! Ah ... Now it's time to kick back and continue with our lives. :) "FUNDING SUCCESSFUL This project successfully raised its funding goal less than a minute ago." It's good to read this! :D congrats all @pedasn : well done ! ;-) YEAH, BABY! Woooo! And Larry is funded officially and Reloaded!!Great work everyone!! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ Congrats to everyone involved! That`s all folks!! CONGRATZ ALL!!!! THanks for a GREAT and entertaining month!!! hurrraaaaayyyyyyy wooohooooo!!! =) FUNDED!!!!!! 14k+ people made Larry come... uuugggh! CONGRATS!!!! :DDDDDDDDDDD Happy New Laffer! WOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Congrats!! FIREWORKS!!!!!!! huzza!!!! Happy newd year! YIHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! YEAH BABY! Thought this would be an appropriate ending for this forum :) <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ LESS THAN 30 SECONDS... go for it ODED :) It's coming! wow ! a new backer with only 53 seconds to go! Does $675 mean we get 1 1/4 new girls? ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ It's been a blast guys! ;) 69 seconds! @serena thx.. But how come I knew that already ;-P Great to see you come..to this final celebration ;-D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ One minute! Giggidy! Seconds! I'm having the time of my life here!! In 2 minutes please head over to Jane Jensens Pinkerton road kickstarter and let's get the old sierra team working on our adventures this year!!! 1 min to go --- so exciting - my cup runeth over!! :-D If this lands on 669, I'll pee myself laughing. Awwww yeah! We just passed $655K! $655000! with 97 seconds to go :P 655048!!!! And we're down to seconds! WOOT!!! Come on $655K!! OMG:... Seconds :D here we go! We're still chatting in the Livestream channel used for the Larry Marathon yesterday: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ @Jonathan: unknown at this time. Maybe if they open a swag store, but I doubt it. God I miss Police Quest. @Johnathan. Just up your pledge to at least $100 and secure yourself one! Upped to $169.69 for the last minutes :) Ah yeah and Walls, though i missed out on the police quest stuff. does anyone know if the artbook can be purchased separately at a later time. ahh so excited to see this project make it! 655,000 We can do this. Last minutes and $673,167 total! Looks like the final total is gonna be about $675K. Don't forget the two "charity drives" raised something in the neighborhood of $1600 to add to that tally. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ @Josh - hard to convince someone to stop sailing their yachts around and get to work ;) but you never know what they might get inspired to do. I swear I'm a new backer, but not the one who let the 69 disappear ! What about Jim Walls? :D We are writing the history of Larry. We are the best. Al, Josh, Paul, Sabine, Jeannette, Adventure Mob THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <url>"gentlemens" club then maybe there can be a wet t-shirt contest where larry's picked to be a judge and (of course) screws it up someway and embarass himself ;P Al Lowe, Jane Jensen, the two guys... all we need is the Coles and I will be in heaven. Well maybe the Williams but they're busy... cruising the ocean... 14,069 backers... hahahaha! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ @Joseph, just in time ;) My band's got a song called 99 Tonight ... a version with the words changed to "69 tonight" would sound pretty cool I think :D <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ @Tomtom: Lovin' the "69 Club" idea. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ In 7 minutes please head over to Jane Jensens Pinkerton road kickstarter and let's get the old sierra team working on our adventures this year!!! 14069 backers now - a good number :P Serena is a dirty girl... Tsk, tsk... Al would never include hot chicks in his games. auto-refesh set to 10 seconds! Yay, Serena's here! This moment would've felt wrong without her. Yay! Now I am just waiting on the 2 Guys from Andromeda to go full steam ahead on their project, my wad of cash awaits. :) Gonna tell my kids in the future i helped larry come.... LOL joining the 69'ers last minute, 169.69! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ @Michael: Yeah I know, it is just my personal opinion that that particularly fetish is a little creepy. I'll take whatever decision Al makes, since he will make it funny and sexy as hell. But I still vote for Sassy Brazillian. :p Oh man, this is a moment I will tell my grandchildren about (in the far future). @Jeroen Kicktrak is showing 577 new backers yesterday, and so far 415 today... for a total of 992.. so you aren't far off! Just upped my pledge to $100. God I miss Larry. 8! I got my fingers crossed to see $669,696 for the final kickstarter tally Less than 10 min! oh my poor nerves ^-^ ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ We made the $650k? OMG, WE DID IT! We get our hot Asian! Hopefully in a school uniform (of age, of course...she can be a cosplayer or something). ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ Careful with F5 guys, we don't want to accidentally DDOS the server in our enthusiasm for the final moments. :p ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ She could be in her mid-20's but still wearing a school girl outfit. That way she would be old enough and the fetish would be satisfied. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS☜☆☞ I think there has been a surge of 1000 new pledges over the last 24h Welcome, Jonathan, you just made it! :) 12 minutes to go! i'm a last minute backer, can't wait until october! +14,000 backers! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ Hey Oded! You'll have some busy months coming up! ;) A Brazillian girl that works at a Steak House or in portuguese "Churrascaria" @michael Andrews how could a old fart like me that makes silly 69-themed jokes ever like the idea of a hot, luscious, mind blowing, supersexy Asian schoolgirl stripper chick.. ;-) I don't like it ! I'm loving it ;-D By the way she works in this shabby club named 69'ers! :-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Hey, Oded's here! Looks you guys have some work to do! :o) Yeah, I think an asian schoolgirl would be just a little too creepy. I personally vote for a sassy Brazilian woman. ;) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ YAY!!! larry's coming back! :) LAST CALL, EVERYONE! PLACE YOUR ORDERS! I'm listening to LSL7 music on Al's page. "Yeah, baby!!" Oh, I'm certainly here...ready to shoot a video the moment the clock runs out! @John K Ha, ha. I've been listening to that song for the last hour! Hi guys, I'm also here for the final minutes ! You all did a great job, I'm proud of us ;-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ Last 15 minutes!!! I'm excited! All I can think of is this song... <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ @tinapple69: Writing code, I hope! @Joseph Austin: LOL. I hear ya, I just don't want Larry's reputation taking more hits. @tinapple69: LOL. Oh, yeah, so lazy. @ZirconJimLaffer83 Those lazy bums :) Zircon - she could be a senior who just turned 18, that seems like something I...*cough* i mean Larry would go for. @tinapple: Probably sleeping after staying up all night watching the totals like all of us! :-) I'm sure they're watching, destroying their F5 buttons, just like me :D Nice, over 14k backers. Where is Al and the rest of the gang? They should be here for the big moment! We need you guys! Erm, the new girl being Asian is fine. I'm not sure we want to be making Larry look completely sleazy and creepy by having him pursue a school girl, though... I enjoyed playing the original Larry games years ago and still fire them up from time to time and play them again. It never gets old and now I can say I helped kickstart the remake. Good luck Replay Games and can't wait to get my copy. Add my vote for the Asian School Girl...:) 21 minutes to go! I'm so glad to see the support for the asian school girl idea this morning. Last night a couple of us discussing it were told we had issues. Glad I'm not the only one that likes the concept. And so happy to wake up and see the goal has been reached and then some. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ Doesn't anyone want to take the last Pervert’s Edition? Obviously someone changed his mind, because when I last checked all of these were sold out! I'm down for $769.69 which is more than enough for me! :-) @vchris314 - Linux got sexy when I was able to turn my desktop into a giant 3D cube , make it semi-transparent and have fish swim around inside it. Nothing like wasting all your operating system's resources on pointless things. @chris great !!!!!! Now I am (not so secretly) using the same technique as with the Kickstart69'ers, your plaque idea, Larry's Perfect 10..constant penetration ;-P :-D Oh by the way did I mention this idea bout this hot, luscious, mind blowing, supersexy Asian schoolgirl stripper chick that works in this club named 69'ers ;-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @sidothello: Considering that Mr. Torvalds wanted the mascot of Linux, Tux, to “look happy, as if it had just polished off a pitcher of beer and then had the best sex of its life ” - I think Linux is *more* than ready and sexy enough for Our Pal Larry. $672K and climbing fast. I am curious to see what we will end on. ;) Although I feel like time will slow down the closer we get to the deadline. It's absolutely brutal waiting for this! :( Not only is this Larry's 25th anniversary, but it is the year of my 25th birthday! Let's prepare for the hooray in 28 mins! Can't wait to start playing one of my favorite Sierra games! Crossing my fingers that Kings Quest and Police Quest come out of the wood work and create some new games for us to love. I'll definitely be supporting the Guys from Andromeda and Jane Jensen too!! Sierra has a heart beat once again!! :) @sidothello: I'm just under 30, so yes! (Al corrupted me at 12 with LSL3!) @sidothello: I'm 27. :p ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @sidotehllo It is up to us greybeards to introduce the under thirty crowd to the joys of Mr. Laffer I have to admit, some really good ideas there in regards to the new girl. A stripper at club 69'ers and the final pledge amount being a number you can call. Although since we only have six figures, I think we'd need something to fill another digit. Seriously, this could work. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ It's such a great feeling watching that clock tick down and knowing we'll get a new Larry game! Three hoorays for crowd funding! It's nice nice to know there is still so much love for Larry, despite his last two horrors. I wonder if any of is under thirty tough. @chris - that goes with most things I just pledged $100! Can't wait for this! An idea: I think the final pledged amount should make it into the game as a telephone number you can call - a hidden little easter egg to all us kickstarters! :) @tomtom...I concur with everything you say a game is always 10% better with a hot asian school girl. Larry will be set and funded soon (just minutes to go) - GREAT!!! And still collecting $$$. Maybe we're getting around $680k (total)??? WOW! I really can't await the reloaded game. - BTW: Where and when will the funding-party happen LOL - just a joke - Having Larry set please consider to support the other former SIERRA kickstarters: Jane Jensen's Moebius and Pinkerton Road Studio <url>– Guest Host: Troels Pleimert (May 1st, 2012) <url>"Age Verification" is still available. I thought that would be one of the first to go @riggo69 now that's a good question hehehe.. :-D @joseph which community ?? ;-D lol ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Around 30 people chatting on the <url>"readme.txt" in the game files with all our names in would be fine though... Either way. Woooh! Only an hour to go. I've been refreshing the hell out this page for weeks to check the progress. Here here for an Asian stripper schoolgirl! This user's account has been deleted. We are down to 1 hour. Let`s get some more $$$ Tomtom belongs in this community. @Shagittarius... I was thinking of some type of massage therapist who offered happy endings. Of course in Larry's case we know that he'd find some way to screw up the happy ending. :) @josh Mandel & Al Being noble and generous I wouldn't mind if you borrow the idea if this hot, luscious, mind blowing, supersexy Asian schoolgirl stripper chick that's working in this club called 69'ers ;-D !!! Hint hinthint ;-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Tomtom.... Damn bosses, if it wasn't for the need to eat, I'm pretty sure I would find no use for them. As for the sketches I would look to Rottenwood for the leak. :) Keeping the link at the top for all the 69ers to enjoy: <url>"I'm sorry larry... but when I look at his slimy, purple, conical body, I feel that somehow we are meant to be together." Tentacle: "Next time try to be a little more phallic, dude!" According to <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Zircon - Haha. I just imagined that purple tentacle guy swooping in and stealing the girl from Larry right when he's about to get somewhere with her. Oh the off-color references one could make! The new girl should be an aesthetician, that profession is just rife with sexual innuendo. Besides I'm sure Larry's chest needs a waxing. Congratulations on breaking the $650,000 mark!! Woohoo!! :) I've broken my anti-Remake stance and thrown in $55. Damn shirt is just too awesome. Chat channel is still open at <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Ah, Day of the Tentacle. It takes us to a simpler time when I was unaware that tentacles had pornographic uses, and were merely hilariously evil. Yeah baby!!! @Joseph Austin: Tell you coworker that's the wrong company; LucasArts dealt in tentacles, not Sierra! :o) Ok... I upped my pledge from $25 to $40. I decided I need a shirt to mark the return of Larry :D @pedasn - Whatever she is will be amusing and wind up causing Larry pain for our delight. @ Joseph Austin: Yesterday during the rebel-phoenix marathon AL agreed to the asian girl as soon as someone mentioned it.... her profession hasn't been fixed, so how about a wannabe-moviestar Coworker has also suggested that this stripper be attacked by tentacles in some manner. Oh dear. Here you go, my little contribution to make the numbers get a bit higher 'til the end in about a few minutes ;) @Ringo - She doesn't have to be underage to wear one of those sailor outfits. :> @Rottenwood... LOL! Good thing social media hasn't picked up on Tomtom's version which is an Asian schoolgirl stripper. Heck, Tomtom has probably offered up suggestions for her school girl uniform. :) 14000 backers! 14000 backers!! @Steve Asian girls can be non-likeable. I know from experience. 14k backers! @Rottenwood - I think we're just trying to will the idea into Al's mind. @ Rottenwood: just whoop in some magic shrooms and a tiny dinosour.... just to be shure. I like how the new 'babe' has already been deemed an Asian stripper via social media. Although if the new location is a strip club or something, I guess it would make sense. Larry does seem like the kind of guy who'd think that a stripper really DID like him. And it'd be a good moneysink. Sheesh, these games write themselves. I'm off to write something about an Italian plumber who goes through a pipe and winds up in a magical kingdom of mystery - hope it's not already taken! @Rob "Won't be too hard to make the new woman likable and virtuous next to that gold digging harlot Fawn (I'm still a bit bitter over that, sorry)." Boy Rob, you mirrored my sentiments exactly. The first time I played the game (I was 15 at the time) I actually quit the game and thought I did something wrong. That's the thing about Larry 1. There were not a lot of likeable girls. The **** in the EGA version was extremely cruel and vicious, the one in the VGA version wasn't much better. Fawn was a stone cold beeyotch and gold digger, Faith was a stuck-up **** (oh my boyfriend... blah blah blah). I mean the game needs a more likeable girl, period. Maybe this Asian girl is exactly what the game needs. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ OH YEAHHHHHH "too bad" its not 750k :D $670,006... not bad. :) … 99 Minutes to go! *slams the gong* Don't worry, Josh! $669,969 is just around the corner! @Rottenwood.... At least I can be counted on for the immature things :). I was hoping to catch a double 69, but with that page only updating every 5 minutes I knew that would be close to impossible so I went for the sure thing (like Larry). :) @Frosty: Well done sir. Just chew slowly so the cereal lasts as long as dinner! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERVERTED PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Crap, we passed $669,669 on the PayPal page. :( we did it!! we passed 669,669 - a nice round number :) @Tom King I didn't really get the game at first. But after reading the 'how to play' a few times I really got the hang of it. Bluffing moderately is really the best way to go. Now I play it from time to time like a sort of casual distraction. Others may have their solitaire or minesweeper, but I've got my Strip Liar's Dice. Look at THOSE stacks! Just upped my pledge from $40 to $169.69! Just as well I love cereal (that'll be dinner for the rest of the week haha!! :D) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ @Riggo - LOL, I knew you'd be ready with the screen cap. I can't believe we made it! Narrator: "And the total keeps going up (a feeling wholly unknown to you)" @tinapple69: I was always really bad at that game. Any pointers? And we're down to minutes. This is exciting! Drum Roll please.... To all the Kickstart 69ers I present you with this: <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, MARATHON MAN'S BIG BROTHER, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MY GIRLFRIEND GOING TO KILL ME IF SHE FINDS OUT! ☜☆☞ 1 hour 59 minutes left! I'm playing Strip Liar's Dice from LSL7 right now anticipating the climax! 668.711...WOW you people rock !! The second climax ( that is 669.669) on top of that sexy, hot, luscious, mind-blowing, Asian schoolgirl stripper ;-D is coming.. 669.669 and I'd be ROFL-ing again :-D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ 668.337 with the PayPal donations added in. We can hit the 669,669 yet! @Josh Ols: This is Replay's official PayPal counter(which also adds both totals up on the same page): <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ This is such a good year to be an adventure game fan. Almost at 669,669... :) I can't wait to play this game....it is going to be great on so many different levels. Nice! I didn't think we'd make 650k actually, good going.:) 650k! Congrats All! @Mt - Great! You almost miss the boat! Just backed ! 650K in the nick of time! It's NOT no nookie for Larry anymore... woohooo 650 officially now in kickstarter! Awesome! Can't believe we reached the 650k goal! That's great! 650 k!!!!! \o/ Since Leisure Suit Larry made the set goal of $650K I want to take a moment to raise awareness of two other promising games here on Kickstarter. The first is Grim Dawn just 40K short of being funded: it's a ARPG in the likes of Diablo, but promising to be on par, and probably better than the upcoming Diablo 3. The second games is Starlight Inception, a long overdue Space Combat Sim in the likes of X-Wing, Wing Commander, Freespace 2, ... This one could really use a boost, 85K still needed, but just like Grim Dawn it looks very, very promising. So if any of you fancies Action RPGs or Space Combat Simulations check these games out and pledge whatever you can. Thanks, Jurgen So since it may just hit $675,000 does that mean we get some of what we were going to get at $750,000? I think the dedicated fans deserve it :) COME ON PEOPLE! $696,969 by the 2 hours' end! WHO'S WITH ME? :D Well $669,969 is more probable Wow! Woke up to 650K! So cool!! Sent Al a shot of the Kickstart level at 650083...HEY. Who took $19 back?! @Josh next is $696.969 We made it with 2 hours to spare! What's next? :) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ 650k wohooooo nice! :D Congra!!!!! Whooohoooooo!! $650K plus just at Kickstarter! Congats and thanks to everyone! Won't be too hard to make the new woman likable and virtuous next to that gold digging harlot Fawn (I'm still a bit bitter over that, sorry). Yeah! Now let's make it a goal to sell out the high end tiers. Who wants to go to the disco? Lunch with Al? 700K for a photo of Al's left nipple in the game...anyone? :p Captured the moment it hit 650083, sending to Al! Congrats for the $650k on Kickstarter alone! Woohoo $650K on here. :-) And we did again! 650k!!! 650 mofos! Nice work! *F5ing like mad* woop $150 for 650k here :) Actually...that page is sort of a mess. Gratz all...I just hope the new girl will not be another thrashy hoocker......;) Just found this article online: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Benjamin Nothing definite yet, but from the facebook page they say they are thinking about it ("We are listening and reading to what everyone is talking about. There might be a Kickstarter soon") It probably won't happen in the near future but we can hope can't we :) <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69'ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 AND ALL-IN FOR LARRY☜☆☞ Yes! We did it! What a great 30 days this has been! Thanks Kickstarters (and you guys at rebelphoenix's chatroom for teaching me the in-game jokes like 'nookie'!). Jesper (Jezpa). ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69'ERS ☜☆☞ I am glad this kickstarter is almost over.. so I can get back to work :-P Weren't the cancan girls in LSL1 vga actually guys? 669.669 is within reach... Freakin..awesome :-D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Josuha Mandel: I suggest you guys open up a bottle of BUBBLES to celebrate what we all have been able to accomplish here. ;) @Josh: You say "girl" (in quotes). Do I sense another Shablee? (Kidding.) @Tom King - it's gonna be doubly fun seeing folks like you and BigD in the final game. "That's the guy I sassed on-line at Kickstarter when it was 3 A.M. and I was sorta drunk!" @Joshua Mandel: No worries, so are all of us! :o) And I think most, if not all, of us understood what you meant. wow.. back from work and found out that 650k will be reached in no time!!! Wooo! Hey, guys! Wooo! We not only hit out inital goal of $500k, but we blew past the second goal of $550k and reached our goal of $650k! Party time at Lefty's! Sorry my last post was so incoherent. We really are sleep-deprived here. @BigD - just don't steal anything while you guys are at the convenience store. Their policy is... somewhat strict. What an absolute pleasure it has been to watch this project grow (and see my work suffer as a result. What a curse a dual-monitor setup is sometimes :P) I have first played LLLLL 20 years ago, have been reading Al's Cyberjoke 3000 for 13 years, played all the games innumerable times (especially LSL7 ;) ) and after waiting for so long finally the wait is over. My heartfelt thanks to all the backers and the team for making this possible. THANK YOU! @Rottenwood: Maybe the tier can get together on skype for a digital photo. That will be one for the grandkids. Congrats to all of you at Replay Games for putting this together, and for being able to get past the $650k mark. Damn you guys are good ;) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE WHAT I COULD AFFORD TO PLEDGE GROUP ☜☆☞ Nice work, Big D. It'll be an honor to have you call me a pervert - you certainly won't be the last! Congratulations to the Replay team and everyone who donated. Thanks to all of you who convinced me to finally bump up to one of the 5 yelling Pervert! I pity Al to have to digitize my likeness but if it doesn't kill him, it should just make him stronger (but probably not happier). Congratulations all around again! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERVERTED PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Just upped my pledge by another $20! It would be great to hit 650k on kickstarter only! There must be a five second YouTube vid to sum it all up... <url>"We're not gonna make it." But all that's been blown away. Al had better not have any trouble coming up with the story and puzzle sequences for the new "girl." He's only had about 15 years to think about it! looks like they made it but its too erly to celebrate!!!! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT WINNING!! @Joshua - congrats! But really, how could this project lose? Larry and Al reunited once again? I feel like a kid again, and I can't wait to see the original LLL all done up and modernized :D My son will now be able to experience Larry in all his greatness :P Seriously. All you guys need to do is take a legendary game and somehow make it way, way better, AND validate both 15 years of waiting and the hard-earned money of thousands of backers. Easy peasy. Congratulations Josh! You guys deserved it. It's a sweet epilogue to post-Sierra and a new beginning for Replay! by the way... just have this song in my head.... everybody is invited to get this song stuck in their brain too <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I just raised my pledge to $500 USD ... and it feels really good :) is it just fantasy or are the pledges going up in steps over 1k? *rubbing eyes* - karma comes back to larry And all we want in return is a great game. No pressure. @Joshua: We, the fans, love you guys. :p It's the publishers who gave you the cold shoulder, not us. I hope this whole experience has made that abundantly clear. ;) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ We're not talking about adding anything new today. We are ALL exhausted (Paul, Al, and I were up all night hitting Refresh). It feels incredible. We *never, ever* expected this kind of response. It's astounding how people have gravitated to this project with deep personal affection for Larry and Al. We're all shell-shocked. In a purely good way. @Joshua LOL Ha ha! Joshua has to come up with new ideas now! WE GOT YOU, DUDE! Peul = Paul... ahem... ;-) @Joshua, Al and Peul and the rest @ Replay: Congratz!!!! Good luck and have fun making this game we've all been waiting for so long :-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Feels good eh Josh Mandel? :O Great googily moogily! We are less than $5K from having $650K with just KickStarter! And we still have 4 hours! Plug away guys! Plug away! ;) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Joshua Mandel: Don't need that morning coffee now, huh? Better get writing! :-) Holy cow!!!! @Benjamin - thanks for playing so smug guys like me could watch and make smart-ass comments! Yeeeaahhh!! Another one at the Disco :-)) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ 5 k backer!!!!!!!! Thank you! I'd like to leave a heartfelt thank you to everyone who came into my channel, watched, and even donated. It is truly an honor to have played these games for you. Both Replay Games and Make-A-Wish have the money that you all helped raise or dug deep into your own pockets to bring. Thank you so very, very much. Hey all, the donations I've earned this far have already been split between the two projects, and have already been pledged into the kickstarter amount :) I'm wicked excited to see we made it past the $650k goal! What a great thing to wake up too, everyone did an awesome job! I can't wait for the beta now :) ZirconJimLaffer83: Yes, thank you for kindly showing me The Words, and even *sigh* translating them. That is one "hopefully" and "eventually" too many, and I would like to be proven wrong. Notice the "in the end" part of my previous comment. It's entirely possible. There's still higher tiers open, so all those are pledged, then final tally might climb to close 660k. If we get another say $10 - $15K can we get part of yet another woman, like a leg or so? :-P I just realized we are almost at $640K with just KickStarter. Wouldn't it be awesome if we reached $650K here without the PayPal amount? :p ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Amazing! We dd it! On an another note, about the Paypal sum on the Replays site. Is Paypal cut already been taken from that, does anyone know? Couple of last days have brought in almost 150k, which is a very good amount. The original goal has been surpassed, we have been promised new content and those poeple who care for it are going to get some sweet loot as well. Considering the scepticism I've seen towards this project at some places it has turned out pretty nicely. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69'ERS ☜☆☞ Like that ;-) No negativity here just old fashioned greed! :) Congratulations to everyone! What an achievement! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69'ERS ☜☆☞ @OddBall : after reaching the 500k, I think we made an amazing boost the last days to reach 650k. In my opinion it is a bit normal things are slowing down now ... I understand that you want more but one should also be happy with the positive last hours ;-) There goes another Pervert’s Edition! Only one place left for perverts! :-) @OddBall: Well yeah, we have met and exceeded our goal. So there isn't really a serious incentive to pledge large amount any more. Besides, we don't need large amounts since all we need now is padding to protect the total from late withdrawals and the percent that will be deducted by KickStarter+Amazon, and the pledge gift funds. @Alexander - I'm sure the guys at Replay will come up with something. I as well am hoping for a Linux version, but I'll find a way around it if necessary to get this game. I'm running Linux Mint on my machine and have installed VMWare and am running a windows virtual machine specifically for windows games. Pain in the @ss I know, but it's better than not being able to run my old favorites. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Tomtom: so now we all know what your secret fantasy is ;-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Even though we all might be stoked now that the hot, sexy, luscious Asian schoolgirl stripper is coming ;-D nevertheless : Keep spreading the word.. The more money the better (Linux, Easter Eggs, where's ****, aso..) Thank you ! We are all together great :-D !! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Well, it's 4-7 A.M. here in the States, so pledging is gonna slow no matter what. Kind of unfortunate timing for the final hours, but we'll see what the morning brings. After the 650k was reached the funding has slowed to a crawl! Woo Hooo!!! MORE CONTENT!!! Stoked! *sigh* Alexander: Replay wants to do a Linux port. However, this was posted by Josh Mandel as a comment to Update #18(which was one of his): Joshua Mandel: Hey, everyone, We talked a lot about a Linux version. It's something we really would like to do, but so far, we haven't found a solution that's economical enough. We're still looking at options, but we needed to post new goals ASAP, so we came down in favor of additions to the game that could be enjoyed by the game's entire audience. We haven't ruled it out at all, but gameplay improvements are taking precedence for the moment! ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Replay still wants to do a Linux port; right now, though, they haven't found a workable to do it. But don't throw the baby out with the bathwater - give Replay a chance, and they will hopefully find a solution eventually. The FAQ mentioned that we can talk about a Linux-version, once the 500k mark is hit, and I do not want to do all the talking. Frankly, this single statement made me pledge, and it would be a shame in the end to not have Larry embrace his inner penguin. @jan more like: a girl=an enigma ;) @tinapple69 Oh yeah, I missed that. Anyway I hope that we`ll get another update after time runs out. It would be nice to see the whole gang. @tinapple: a girl = a puzzle ;-) @roadrunner Don't forget new puzzles! New girl, new location, new story. Very nice. Yes! A new Asian stripper for Larry! 650K achieved, we get the new girl! @A.A: While I understand the sentiment, the PayPal donations all go in the same pot. You can look at the tally here: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Yeah baby.. I'm so happy to get a hot luscious Asian chick...for Larry I mean ;-D lol Thank you everybody fellow 69ers and 10ers you are double great :-) Next goal.. 669.669 ;-) my work here is done. We have a new girl and I will play and find her. :) MY GOD! What a pleasure to wake up to this! WE MADE IT! @rottenwood: Watch it be a mastiff :P perhaps we should try for $669,669? 47k in less than 6 hours, hope so I hear a fat lady sing! Nice, someone bought the Doggie Style edition - I wonder what kind of pooch they have. Yay! <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ What's that All Round? The new goal is 700k and if we hit it we'll get more Easter Eggs? YOU HEARD THE MAN, GET TO IT!!! 696,969 - what else? Still 6 hours left. Maybe we should make ourselves a new target to keep things interesting? haha. The new girl has come alive!! $650,486!! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ Great stuff everyone! Larry comes again, a new girl and money raised for charities! :-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Yeah, we actually passed the milestone WITHOUT the donations. How cool is that? So the donations will provide a nice infusion for the safety net. On that note, we may have hit the milestone but we still have 7 hours left! Let's keep inching up the total at a slower pace so that AL and the guys have more bills for their big pool of money. :p @Josh LOL, great idea! Hell yeah, the little Kickstarter that could! And here's some victory music to celebrate the new Larry babe: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS ☜☆☞ Nice! We made 650k!!! New Locations and a Larry gets a new girlfriend! Awesome! Congrats! So what goal is next? Hummm... and also lets not forget thats over $1500 for charity as well :) Great job to both rebel and johnny Bartender! "Gigantic Erections" all around! @Duncan: Maybe when our time is up, Replay should play a clip of the fat lady from the opening of LSL7. :p Boy, I'm almost glad my my being sick forced me awake early this morning. I would have been bummed if I missed this. All I have to say is "And the crowd goes WILD!" :p ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ *turns sound on* It ain't over till the fat lady sings... and I haven't heard her yet! Yep we passed it! Congrats! seems we finish out at $506.18 to each 1/2 great job and much thanks to rebelphoenix for takeing a whole day to play through between finals. Larry 7 credits are currently rolling on a perfect score. <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ wooohoooo!!!! now we all come again ;-) We made 650K ...congrats everyone :) Almost... 648.198... go for ittttt! someone just jumped in the 1100 tier :-)) If that's the case, then we have probably already passed $650K, and it just hasn't hit us yet! :p @Josh Ols: The Chip-In ends in 6 hours for Johnny's, and 40 minutes for Rebel's. Well, we still want a little bit of padding for safety. Also, I thought the donation amount for Johnny's marathon had already been submitted to PayPal. Is this incorrect? ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ IF my math is right between Johnny and Rebel's marathons Larry should get at least $1500 with some change. According to my calculations: We need really only 648,347.81 (kickstarter + PayPal) at present time to reach our goal of 650k. That's if you add both marathons, divide by 2, and minus it from our goal (650k). So basically, it's closer than we think. :) That's good news @Zanythos. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Rebel is STILL kicking it on larry 7 at <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ @ Steve Hahaha How long have you been waiting for the math to add up just right for that :-) So we're talking $1491.50 in donations from the charities... take that away from $2,397... $906. Now that's sarcasm. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Umm sure, although this girl have already had her share of climax' today, so I'll let others have some too, lol Don't you mean the climax? ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Thank god it's my day off, so I'll be home to watch the final count :D RebelPhoenix's ChipIn is scheduled to end in 1 hour. And he has $357.50 to add in here. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ @odd ball propably less than that, I'd say around 50k. Looks like JohnnyPhantom's ChipIn says it's scheduled to end in 7 hours, which will be one hour before this Kickstarter ends, and he has another $1134 and change to add in here. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ $2,683 to go... If I could afford it, I'd put you guys over the top right now. But I really am broke as hell. Like I said before it's getting close and tight..Just like we..erm Larry likes it ;-D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @ Steve. Me too. I promised myself I wouldn't stay up late another night watching the count, but I like to break promises to myself. 15 more minutes and that's it. For real, this time. Was hoping Al and Josh would show up here tonight before the crossing point. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Nice. :) I just wish it would say "$650,069" so I can go to sleep! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Actually make that $1492 and change for the charity drives. I just added the two together again. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ $2,850 to go. Don't be like Larry and come close... (bad pun, I know) I wonder how much the physical goodies for the backers are going to cost Replay Games......150 - 200k? We might still have the $1200 from the charity drives to add in as well. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ I hope we will have Linux version soon after the game release. @ Josh You mean "emissions"? As is the nocturnal type. You did just wake up from dreaming about a new Larry game. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Only about 3k more then they have reached their target (that is if you include paypal donations. Come on ppl pledge what you can. *"pledges", not "commissions" I just woke up...don't judge me...:p @blake 100% agree :-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Holy hell! :o I went to bed uncertain about whether we'd reach the milestone in time, and I wake up to find that we might actually exceed it! Which is probably good, since we want a buffer for commissions that don't come through. :p Awesome work everyone! Despite our numbers, and the seemingly impossible milestone, we're defying the odds and making it happen! ;) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ This user's account has been deleted. Only one person wants to have lunch with Al?!? Well, I'm sure all of us would if we could afford it. Too bad 10,000 of us couldn't each pitch in a dollar a piece to buy the other No Free Lunch Edition and we could all have lunch with Al in a giant theater or something. :-) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Yeah Baby.. We're almost there.. I can already feel the new girl's breath :-D Thank you everybody for the big money as well as for the little dollars and cents !! Keep it up! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I think we're going to make the 650k mark guys, only 4k away with 8 hours to go! <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ @ Blake I believe they will send out e-mails for addresses, shirt sizes, and such when they are ready to starting mailing pledge items. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ This user's account has been deleted. @Michael, I think people like the additional subplot and new woman for the game. Personally, I upped my pledge a couple dollars earlier to help nudge things along, I only wish I had more to give. But, with 8 hours remaining there's a good chance that we'll blow past the goal. How about $3,255 from $650K?? C'mon -- someone buy something big so we can wrap this up. Looking good, less th 4k to go. Let's rack this up to 700k!!! A couple days ago, it looked like this 650k range was nigh impossible, but here we are with more than 8 hours to go within arm's reach. Go Larry and go Replay, and go all these wonderful backers who love these games! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ People shouldn't take it easy, but it does look good as we only need about $500 an hour to hit the goal. And that's without factoring in the donations from the marathon sessions. We have got this. Probably within the next 2 or 3 hours. $3,612 left to go. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ I've tried to go to sleep twice now, but exciting things keep happening and I don't want to miss the cross point. :-) Man, it's close. I can't go to sleep! True the second drunk edition is gone. Someone cancelled an $1100 pledge. That's why your total went down. I think that person might have switched to the drunk edition. I think someone bought the last Drunk's Edition I live in Japan as well. I still think grown men who like underaged girls have issues. 2k in the last 20 minutes. Nice. We should totally hit this. $5,784 from the promised land right now. Tell your friends. If you have no friends, tell your enemies. Say "I hate Leisure Suit Larry and nothing would make me feel worse than you giving five dollars to the cause!" ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ @ Karsten Thanks a lot for the info and thanks for talking these past two hours or so. I'm jealous of where you are living, but we'll see what happens with me in the coming years. I'm heading off to bed. Just over $6000 left. If we still have $1200 coming in from the two charity drives, and not a lot of last minute back-outs we should be in good shape. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ there is 500 $ bucks from <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ @ Karsten I'm close to bedtime here in the US, but hope to have good news when I wake up regarding Larry. And maybe SDN48 will also make a final appearance there too. I was sad to hear about them having to "graduate" the group due to Universal Music Japan not renewing their contract after 2 1/2 years of service. I'm actually watching all their videos right now for something to do while refreshing the Larry page. @Michael: Thanks for the tip, will keep my eyes open. Perhaps SKE48, NMB48 and HKT48 will also participate. :-) Sitting here at work and updating the page every couple of minutes. We are getting really close. @ Karsten They've announced a big AKB48 concert for Tokyo Dome coming up, but no dates yet. Might want to keep an eye out for when tickets go on sale. They'll probably go quick. At Tokyo Dome, you'd probably get to see all the members on stage together as opposed to the between 3 and 12 at Don Quixote. LinQ was nice too, by buying a CD one also got to pick one of the girls to get a small polaroid picture taken with them. I now have a treasured photo of me and Moe Mizuki from LinQ. PayPal+KS update page says $7,990 left to go. And let's not forget the two charity drives that probably haven't been added in yet. RebelPhoenix has about $357 for us so far (and he is still going, getting ready to start Larry 7 soon). JohnnyPhantom ended up with about $1,135. His contribution may or not be included in the current total. Hoping to hear from him. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Maybe Al can give his old friend Tim Schafer a call and ask him to tweet about the LSL kickstarter ending soon. @ Michael: Damn you were really lucky. Keep trying the lottery, perhaps I have luck on the weekend. Looks good so far, hope it doesn't slow down. Looking forward to the final hour to see, if there are some nice last minute pledges. Larry 7 will be starting momentarily at <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @ Karsten I went to Shibuya a couple times while in Tokyo. One day just sat and watched people go through that crossing for two hours straight. It was fascinating. Also was happy to see the Hachiko statue (and the real Hachiko at the Ueno Science Museum). I tried to see AKB48 again while I was there by doing the lottery a few times at Don Quixote in Akihabara, but no luck. Did leave with a bunch of AKB48 merchandise though. A couple years back, I had the luck of running into several of the girls in Los Angeles California at the Griffith Observatory when I took my parents there. They were in town for an Anime Convention they were performing at, but were doing photo shoots at the observatory. I was geeking out, taking my own pictures, and got to say "hi" to a few of them by asking crew members. None of the other Americans there knew who they were, but it made my day. 9k Great, less then 10K left. Just added $5 more to my pledge. Wish I could do a lot more but sadly that was all I could swing. I'm hoping every extra dollar helps us get to 650K. Rebel is at the end of Larry 6 at <url>"sale"? I dont think ive seen any backer numbers increase for those.. @ Karsten Koller Where in Japan are you? I just spent a month there in Tokyo and Yokohama. I loved it. I may move there some day. I went to two concerts while there, AKB48 at Saitama Super Arena and a performance by LinQ outside of DiverCity. Was amazed at the age range (teens to at least 40's, maybe 50's) and the fact that so many of the guys knew all these dances that went with the songs and how vocally involved they were. I knew some of the groups were popular (I've collected many J-Pop girl group CD's for years), but the passion behind is surprised me in a good way. $10K to go!!! So very, very, VERY close... Just got a few more promised pledges via IRC! I hope they come through! I added 100 bucks to kick it to 1269.69 but I'm keeping at the $1000 gift level for two reasons. A, I want the signed calendar and B, any game with my mug in it probably would be banned by the FCC, the ASPCA and possibly the DAR. In short, lets not go there people. Now on to 650K! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Less than 10k remaining. Last 2 hoers were very good, if we can keep this up, we can make it.. Well, I have to admit that Japanese girls are cute. That is why I am living in Japan and has a Japanese fiance. :-) @ Aaron Munro That pledge gets you to be a member of the kickstart DOUBLE 69ers ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ If we have issues than most of the male population of Japan has issues, as the J-pop girl groups are insanely popular with all ages. $10,187. Does anyone have a few pennies left over? UHF, please no school girls. You guys have issues. Changed my pledge from $165.69 to $169.69. Woohoo! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Just give what you can, we're slightly gaining on the goal, but it's going to be close. $10.4k in 12 hours, possible? hrm I just upped my pledge $2. I'm a poor man, but I figured if everyone ups their pledge a couple of dollars we'll get over the hump easy! @ Serena Nelson I'm right there with you. I just got back from my first ever trip to Tokyo 5 days ago and it was certainly heaven. Having an Asian school girl added into LSL1 would just be icing on the cake :-) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ I upped by $4 See, that's my $2 right there. >,< Well, if everybody that's already backing gives $1 we'll be there right now. I think I'll up myself $2 to cover somebody else.. I have a sneaking suspicion someone is going to hit us with a 10k pledge right at the end... or maybe it's just wishful thinking. ;) This has truly been an awesome push! THANK YOU EVERYONE AND KEEP IT GOING!!!!! It's still not too late to spread the word, Just under $12K to go... it was over $35K when I really started watching earlier today! Liam Kinney: like i've been saying over on the livestream "this (the 650k) WILL happen." if we all think positive and keep churning away at it, it WILL happen. :) serena nelson make her a cosplay elf? 12 hours.. the beat of last half has started in the background... If we make the $650k, the new girl's gonna be Asian? With a British accent? Give her red hair and a school girl outfit and I'll be in heaven. (Yes, I'm into that sort of thing.) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ Hell yeah. I actually asked for an Asian girl 15 years ago. Hahahahha. That's badass. Im just super overtly concerned with How this thing is being budgeted. because Amazon and Kickstarter have their cut. and then there would be the money for the collectibles. but then the rest would be going towards to the making of the game. Sweet. @ Odd Ball Even better, an Asian (preferably for me Japanese) lady with a British accent. That sound hot just thinking of it. Throw a pair of glasses on her and that might just be my dream girl :) god this is nerve racking Al Lowe is back in the chat room at the Larry Kickstarter/Make-A-Wish Foundation marathon! <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ 15k to go that's including Pay Pal :) Don't forget to put all your suggestions/concerns/general stuff at <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Just upped to $169.69...it's all I can do seeing I am unemployed. Larry is getting a new woman very soon! Oh, yeah. Here's the way it looks from here. That tally is going up about $300 every five minutes. So $300 X 12 = $3,600 an hour. If it keeps going up at that rate, you'll hit the target in just over four hours. @Steve H..Most excellent...Thanks for joining us :) Trying... With my donation of $25.69, I am... ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ SCORE! =) Ya know, it looks pretty close. Need to average about $1200 an hour, which might be feasible. That would be cool. and @Stuntology, you gotta make sure you put the .69 on there. I don't know who started it, but it was a great idea. Go 69er's! OK... Was going to wait until the last minute but like Larry I could not hold out.... Final bid is 169.69 plus 40.69 for all 3 other members of family! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, DOUBLED DOWN FOR LARRY, AND ALL IN FOR LARRY ☜☆☞ Thanks for joining, stuntology! I've been watching this from the start, and just made my first pledge ($15). The promise of extra content persuaded me! Steve, just copy and paste ;) ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Hey Michael, can I get one of those logos since I actually pledged $25.69 and not just $25? ;) XD! Just upped my pledge from 80 to 120. Eh, why not? OK...To all the Kickstart 69ers... Starting a new sub-group... All In for Larry... Have pledged for all 4 members of my family, including my wife who could not give a crud... Let's grow the All-In club Less than 17k to go now by my calculations... so damn close, @ Steve H. Current numbers for Kickstarter + PayPal can be found here, updated every 5 minutes (you have to refresh your page though) : <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ @Kieron: It's called 'KickTraq', find the LSL page here: <url>"SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!" Will it be possible to donate through Paypal after the deadline on Kickstarter ? While I like the items in the higher tiers, I have actually already stretched the limit of my budget with my pledge. However, I would love to buy the playing cards and girls calendar if you were to sell them individually later. @Jason I hear ya.. I'm spending more on this than I thought.. but these goodies are really making it hard not to pledge more.. @ Aaron Jensen Of course, us perverts can always hope. "Pervert!" I say as I jump out from behind the aisle. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ oops... $696,969 @Floyd...For most of us demented ones here, $696,696 has been our goal all along. Not only did I up my pledge, but i got my wife to donate to a game she's never even heard of (before me). Now I just have to keep her from finding out how much I pledged. Man I really want to see this happen! @joseph Austin: Make sure you have a "Giant Erection" for us ;). . Lime juice, 151-proof rum, vodka, triple sec, mayonnaise (in a coconut, with a hollowed-out frozen banana as drinking straw. . @Michael - just wishful thinking.... us perverts can hope, can't we? @Floyd - I'm not sure.... I don't think "shame" is in the vocabulary of Al and his crew, and they are rather creative... but yes... I too am a bit puzzled.... If there´s another 10k backer waiting... please help us. Please, all, I have uppeded pledge...now up yours! I'm drunk on Martinis and I love all of you. Screw my liver. Screw my wallet. Long live Larry! @ Aaron Jensen Doubt we'll make it that far. At the very least the last pledge could make it so the last two digits are 69 @Aaron Jensen Am I the only one puzzled by why they didn't use that as their goal? That alone would have been creative enough to get some buzz on the net. Were they not creative enough to come up with it or were they ashamed of even asking for that? I think my head would explode if this project ended on $696,969 pledged @Alex: If you check the project home tab on this page, you will see under the video they put the following in bold recently: "Platforms supported from day 1: PC, OS X (Mac), iPhone, iTouch, iPad, Adroid phones, & Android tablets." $20K... Keep It Up! (giggity...) @Christopher Sand Thanks, I read somewhere in the description that iOS support was planned but only found further information relating to PC and MAC. I've got my fingers crossed as I think LSL will work extremely well on the iPad device. @Alex Weyermann The iPad is one of the platforms supported. Okay, updated from $115.69 to $169.69, but that is unfortunately my limit. Need an average of $1,500 per hour. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ And no one is sure yet if the $1100 from JohnnyPhantom's charity drive is in yet. RebelPhoenix's currently going on drive will add another $78 at the moment. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ ~$21K to go, but yes we are getting damn close. It's a little nerve-wracking. :( ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I think you guys might actually make $650K. Only what? $20,000 to go? Thanks Mega Man! We're SO close to the goal - a few big spenders could end this right now! :) Just realized about the Paypal donations. Thanks Michael. LSL6 has just started on the marathon! <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Michael and Skyler: Johnny's laptop battery got low and he had to go (from rebel's livestream) but should be back later i'll make sure to ask him about that if/when i see him $25K left to go! w00t! w00t! w00t! Rebel Phoenix currently has $130.69 for those interested. Half comes here. @Skyler Coffman I think only JohnnyPhantom can answer that for sure (who ran the charity drive), but the ChipIn to donate is still on his TwitchTV page and still going on, so I'm going to guess that it hasn't yet been put in until the drive is officially over on May 2nd. Current total is $2,269.38, half of which comes here. @Brian: I saw that, I was wondering if they transferred it from chip-in into the PayPal or not. :) <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Wow.. 650k we're heading to get you :-) This is going crazy.. It's great to see so many of you joining Larry's Perfect 10 and/or changing their 69ers status ;-D Thank you.. At the moment every cent is important so if 69cents is all you can do.. Do it and join the 69'ers.. But we don't mind if you bump up you pledge by 69k either ;) It's getting close and tight..and that's always something good isn't ;-D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Pervert's and limited edition needs to be cared for. Last hours!! The creature back into the hands of the creator! \ o / @Quotifon No problem! Let's all hope we find enough perverts for $1.250! :-) Just upped by another $80 @Michael Hoffmann Well, I should have kept silent for just a couple of minutes longer ;) @ Joseph Pantaleo I just saw that!! Read back through a bunch of chat comments. Been managing several pages while trying to also work. Not easy, but want to keep up to date. Al or Josh need to come over here and make that announcement official. Perhaps it will entice some late backers who like asian women. I still put my 2 cents in for one of the Japanese persuasion. @Quotifon Well, the tiers ARE changed now! :-) @RoyMartin: As far as I know, it is not possible to edit the tiers in Kickstarter once they were put up. So it is possible that you would need to use Paypal for the Blowout Sale. This user's account has been deleted. Al just said the new girl will be Asian... with a British accent! (Okay, I just threw in that final detail but still - HOT) It's all going down here: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Well, I won't be able to pledge much more, but at least I'll get a nice t-shirt! Worth it anyway! Can't wait to see Larry back! Holy @#$%&! According to the Total page on Replay's site, we are now over $620K and approaching $625K! =D ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ When I'll perverts edition price be updated? For the final rush and after seeing Al's great last video, I just upped my pledge for another 100 ... My bank is gonna kill me but Larry deserves our support ! If every fan makes an extra little effort, we sure gonna reach the magic 650 and give Larry his new girl !!! ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10☜☆☞ Yep, the news is IT'S STILL GOING! We're onto Larry 5: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10☜☆☞ @Britton: Good job Britton on doing that last minute Larry's Pledge Tracker (TM)! Thank you for all the work you have done, and will do on this project in the coming months! @Skyler - Welcome to $769.69! Last night I called it :P. Thought they would lower the highend tiers with no backers. Well now, let's go go go guys!! The high-end tiers are now in reach!! The more you pledge the better the game! Let's go, I've up my pledge to 769.69! We are so close, only 30k to go and your pledge will Make all the difference!! @ Britton Thanks for your hard work in that area. @Britton - YOU ROCK! Thanks for that page and all you have done to relay information to us! 18 hours and $29,544 to go. So close. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS ☜☆☞ Thank you, Joseph! Only 30k to go!! Is JohnnyPhantom's charity-raised money ($1,100 or so) in our pot currently, or is that something that will be added in last minute? It's possible only he may be able to answer that. @Aaron, I saw all your comments on wanting to see PayPal updates. So during the last 2 days i wrote some code to query PayPal's API and grab the current donation amount and update our database. To limit the stress on their servers, i have it fire off once every 5 minutes. Once Kickstarter closes, the PayPal code will still work. So feel free to go comment on the PayPal donations page (at the bottom of the page) and refresh the page every 5 minutes there! The Kickstarter bar may be closing, but there is an after party on our website :D Tossed a small booster your way for the big box version :) Good luck with the 650. Im sure paypal will help. Only $30k to go! @Joseph Pantaleo No, this isn't about game design and thinking I or anyone else can do a better job. It's about eating a sandwich and finding a used lubber in it. People know what they like and what they don't like. Granted, while the 'customer is always right' it can also be said that 'a good salesman finds the right customer'. Perhaps I'm not the right customer for this product but I figured I should voice that 'I do not want a used lubber in my sandwich' before the bread is baked, the meat is chopped and, well... i would watch rebel but i'm out of bandwidth for this month :s :) In case anyone didn't catch it on the update: KS + PayPal total on this page: <url>"incredibly personal, deeply heartfelt download link" @Aaron Jensen lol OK I haven't paid as much attention as I should...ok I'll admit it I just might up my pledge now...just speaking my piece that's all, I'll crawl back under my Legend of Grimrock now... Physical game box is at the $100 tier and up... much more than 250 physical boxes! Forums: <url>"cartoon" look isn't horrible. In fact, it kinda grew on me to the point where it's not so bad. For me, and I'm sure many others, it's more about the story and humour than the actual way things look. Now, back to watching the money trickle in. @tagdancer I have reserved my comments until the project has been funded. We are in the last legs of the race so I doubt my opinion makes much of a difference so I decided to throw it out there. If my statements have no resonance then they should be ignored. Shame I had my hopes up for a 200 dollar tier with signed game box. Thanks Replay Games. Al, Paul and Joshua! @Ash +1 @Tomimt I paid for the Star Wars enhanced editions even if they weren't so much 'for me'. I am going to play the game and judge it for what it is. I will also comment with my reactions to the project; judgement is one of the features of purchasing and owning a product. In the spirit of Leisure Suit Larry "I think someone here needs to get laid" All right, all right, WHOA, time out, everyone. Let's not attack each other. We're all on the same side. We're all trying to achieve the same goal. So let's everyone take a breath, relax, and step back. OK. @Mr Turkowski I really recommend to open your own blog/forum where you may discuss your matter ... We just wanna have fun to get Larry back from Al & fellows (the original) Stylistic comments should be posted on the game forum: <url>"proper" Larry game. I am not a fan of the Star Wars prequels and wish that director had retired. I am not a fanboy who has blind in faith in a developer, especially when I did not like the art style in the last three products in the franchise that he was responsible for. And yes, it is because of that shift in style that allowed Magna **** Laude and Box Office Bust to be the 'crapfests' they were. @arf I kept hitting that refresh button on youtube like crazy :) Some people will always be unhappy when a game changes it's visual style. I think it's safe to say most people are exposed to the cartoony style and enjoy it. LSL7 is Al's favourite Larry game and the remake of the first game will follow the same trend. It is a sure bet that Al will follow the style that he adopted more than 20 years ago and refined with LSL7. It's his choice to make. Now can we please drop the complaints? There are more important things right now. Let's focus on the goal! @Rottenwood... LOL The last update to Al Lowe is out: <url>"proper" Larry game because Al Lowe - WHO CREATED THE ENTIRE SERIES - has his hand at the helm, along with a crop of Sierra veterans. Al has the final say on what goes into his game, and I trust that he would not release a game that didn't meet his standards and vision. He wouldn't come out of an almost 16 year retirement to release a piece of garbage - he'd just stay retired. Again, he had NO INPUT, NO INVOLVEMENT, NO CONTROL over Magna **** Laude or Box Office Bust. *NONE*. He doesn't own the rights to his creation - if he did, neither of those crapfests would have happened. I'm sure that even if we don't hit our goal the team will try their hardest to include new locations, a new girl and new puzzles! So getting that out of the way, come on 650K! @Floyd - I dunno; if some of the events of Larry happened to a more realistic character, they'd border on cruelty. When it's just a cartoon doofus, it's easy to laugh off. But to each their own. I'd wager, though, that art direction has a lot less to do with the "low" pledging than the fact that it's a remake of a remake of a remake, or Kickstart fatigue, or the market being unsure about how Kickstarted games turn out, or the aftertaste of the two non-Lowe debacles, or inadequate publicity, or what have you. Larry 7 is considered the pinnacle of the series by a majority, and it's by far the cartooniest. Just want to throw this out there say we hit like 645k will the extra content still be included? @ZirconJimLaffer83 How can we be thankful if we're uncertain if this is a 'proper' Larry game? I will reserve judgement until the game comes out but my initial reaction prevents me from pledging as much as I could. I'm sure of the 14K or so who will pledge I'm not the only one. Bill Hicks said that pornography is anything that causes sexual thought, and has no artistic merit. Therefore, Larry is not porn. @Rottenwood Those actions are funny BECAUSE they contrast with the more realistic art style. The Three Stooges didn't need to be turned into a cartoon, and if they were going to be a cartoon then the cartoon would not be any funnier stylized. And that's just violent pratfalls. If you want sexual contrast with wit and humor then the backdrop should maintain the same tone. Bill Hicks once said that pornography can be defined as anything that causes sextual thought. Like hes went on to say...that covers quite a lot of things. Is larry pornographic? No I wouldent think so..its more smutty like the beach postcards you used to find at the seaside...at least in britain. This is it! <url>"Porky's" feel to a goofy Felix the Cat feel like Magna **** Laude and Box Office Bust. If LSL had gone the route of Phantasmagoria then Larry would would never have been revived in the way he horribly was. I'm not saying I want FMV or that exact style or that that would have been successful, but their shift to a less realistic tone allowed the franchise to continue in that downhill slope. In some ways they are ruining my memories of LSL 1 by this "reimagination". Thanks from Mexico AL and his team, played when I was a kid too. Floyd: The backer turnout is more indicative of the damage done by the two recent non-Al Lowe involved games than anything else, I think. Because when most of the current generation hear "Leisure Suit Larry", they associate it with Magna **** Laude and Box Office Bust. And that is a damn shame. Defining pornography is always difficult. What is porno to some is not porno to others. Some may consider level of nudity in Larry pornogarphic the same way some may consider American Pie movie pornographic. For a big crowd of people there's nothing pornographic in either. I really can't myself consider Larry as porno, as that was never the point or even that visible aspect of the games. @Floyd: I think you're confusing styles. Larry's cartoony style is close to Disney's curvey shapes and bright colours. A Tim Burton-esque style would be more dark and jagged, like Limbo or possibly Psychonauts (both of which I love). @Tim Galindo; Sorry, my bad. I should have caught that, especially because I just saw someone play that. @Floyd: In case there is any misunderstanding, Al Lowe and Replay Games had NOTHING - *NOTHING* to do with two most recent "Leisure Suit Larry" games, Magna **** Laude and Box Office Bust. Al has even denounced them on his website - see <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Floyd - I suspect your opinion isn't quite as widely held as you believe. But since you're civil in preventing it, it's all good. But there's nothing gritty or realistic about any of the original Larry games, unless 'gritty' means 'made on aged technology,' in which case, sure. @Floyd: LSL7 is widely regarded as one of the best adventure games of all time. Also, what about Broken Sword? Or Full Throttle? Do you mean to tell me they're not good because their colour pallettes are cartoony? @Floyd.. You are entitled to your opinion, as are the rest of us. In my opinion, the Larry games were never about the graphics, but the story lines and the humor. I could care less if the art was stick people drawings. @tinapple69 The issue of the art direction will always be an issue as long as this game continues to lose steam. For every backer here that supports this game there are dozens of people who played LSL and will never come back because of the change in style. @ZirconJimLaffer83 The concept art is cartoony. LSL is pornographic. The actual acts may be censored out and softcore but the game includes lewd and graphic sexual scenarios. The art style of the first 3 games embraced this with a gritty realistic tone. I'm sorry to all the fanboys but LSL 5-7 were inferior games in terms of gameplay, excessive cut scenes and art direction. Regardless if Sierra made them or not, there's no surprise that Magna **** Laude and Box Office Bust failed because they continued in that same vein and failed miserably. "Al Lowe" and Replay Games may disagree. If this game fails it will be his failure. I am only stating my opinion as a fan of Leisure Suit Larry. This is a remake of #1. #5-7 were horrible games I did not like. If the art were realistic you would see me pledging much more. I truly hope this game doesn't fail horribly and my $15 preorder game ends up on sale for under $5 in a year from now. @ZirconJimLaffer83 *whoosh* <url>#t=455s if you can put up with the kinda annoying dude reading everything back to you you'll get my Eunuchs port joke :) Nicholas: I suspect it is a matter of getting the video uploaed to Youtube(which can be very slow sometimes) tinapple: Exactly! Tim Galindo: A Linux port is something Replay wants to do, but as Josh Mandel posted they have not found a solution that is economical enough. THEY STILL WANT TO DO IT, but it's not the top priority at the moment. That' doesn't mean it's not going to happen; it just means it won't happen out of the gate. @Neil: Yes, it does. So now we need ~$35K to reach our goal. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ If there's one thing Larry has stood for, it's gritty realism. @Josh, does that amount in include the $1100 or so from the marathon at the weekend? @Floyd: "toon porn concept art"? None of the concept art has been remotely pornographic. And the art on the front page and most of what's in the video are not wholly indicative of the final product. It's still going to follow the style progression from LSL 7(Love For Sail), because that's Al Lowe's call. Also, look at this hi-resolution screen cap posted by the developers in Replay's forum. <url>#p250, and realize that Larry is a placeholder; in actuality, he will probably look more like the art on the T-shirt on the front page. Thanks for help, though. It is appreciated! I'm sorry, Eunuchs, not Eunichs. Me no gud spelr. For those who don't know, the current amount + PayPal = $616617. It is getting disturbingly close now! ;) @Guybrush: Yes, they said that they tested the prototype on tablets. So I think it is safe to assume that they intend to target them. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Again the talk about cartoon Larry? I prefer the cartoon Larry, but most importantly that's the way Al Lowe prefers it since the early 90s, so a change is unlikely. On a more important note, come on, 650K! Idea for LSL5 remake: Larry suffers from amnesia and goes on a quest to regain his memory, and by doing so uncovers the plot for LSL4, which ties LSL3 and 5. WE WANT AL! WE WANT AL! It's already 9:30 p.m. over here. Is there any chance that we get to hear from Al before the clock strikes midnight? Just a quick question, probably has been answered before: Will the game run on an Ipad? I guess I can toss this in here... Al Lowe had BETTER port this to Eunichs or I'm going to be VERY unhappy ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I agree, Is it possible to tone down the "Who framed Roger Rabbit" cartoony style Larry?? Regardless I will be upping my pledge soon :D @Floyd... Yes we are post CD, but the focus of this game is handhelds and digital downloads: Not a DVD or Blueray Floyd, I don't prefer griddy games. There are enough out there. I prefer the realistic art style of LSL 1-3. LSL should be sleazy and realistic. LSL 5 and up seem to be heavily inspired by Tim Burton's popular style of the late 80's / early 90's. Putting in my overgloried preorder for this game, but if you are wondering why people aren't backing this project then I would contribute it to the toon porn concept art. We are living in the post CD-ROM era folks. @ZirconJimLaffer83: Thanks guys ! $12,754 @anim8... Josh posted it a little while ago 12k and change What´s the updated status on the Paypal donations ? @Tue: We're aiming for $650,000 right now, so we're much closer than you think. @Josh: Don't even TRY. That may result in permanent mental damage. I hesitate to even SPECULATE as to what Al is doing. 21 hours to reach 750.000 :p lol @ Rottonwood. And the presence of Al Lowe probably sets off every warning flag at YouTube HQ. Dang killed all of our dreams :) lol, Heather is my girlfriend, we just signed in using her name. I'm her boyfriend. Wow, it would have been extra exciting had we been two chicks. :D Takes time for Youtube to process the video and upload it. @Josh...It has been two hours. Is Al busy making an outakes reel again? :) @Heather... Thanks for helping Larry out. Rebelphoenix is still kickin it over at <url>"11th hour"? Al's video will give everybody some extra energy and will boost Ye final rush, I have no doubt about it :-) I hope it will be there soon * Fill up the disco and the 5 remaining $1000 levels and we are more or less there. I hope we make it! If we can get about 1637 dollars per hour, then it is doable, 36k in 22hrs we can do this. By that count I think we're just under $35k away from $650k. Current PayPal total: $12,754! Wohoo! Thank you, whoever you are, for pulling up a stool next to us here at Lefty's! Only 40k to go (I'm counting the 10k from PayPal) Cool! Refreshed just now and it went from 595k to 600k! That's exciting!! Come on guys! Let's make 650k happen!! Less than a day left! Whoa! Lefty's full! Pledge tweaking is my favorite form of foreplay. I just upped' my pledge another $37 dolars, had to have that 69.69 ending to my pledge ^-^ Feel free to makes some OSB LSL meme's here's a few to get it going :P <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ There will be some tier-tweaking. Al's gonna bring you the late-breaking news. for anyone who doesn't wish to join the marathon stream but would still like to make a donation to Rebel's charity page you can go here...<url>#3 if you'd like to join us at <url>☆ grabs Capslock away from some people ☆ :P BTW, just upped my pledge in excitement. After a month of foreplay, I can't wait to see the climax of this kickstarter! And no reason to give up yet. The project DID get funded - there was a time where even THAT seemed remote - and there's still a day left for the stretch goal. Get on the ol' social media and plug like a motherfather. I'm off to do just that - no point in talking to other people who know about the project at this point. Plenty of time for that in beta! I'm so stoked that we're making progress! I remember the naysayers 15 days ago saying we wouldn't be able to raise $10,000 a day to hit the goal... and now we're closing in on 600k! Let's keep up the effort, Larry folks... and as for the rest of us, let's be ready to celebrate tomorrow morning that one of the most memorable adventure game series of all time is going to cheat death and make its official return with its original creators! I just had to up my pledge an additional $19 so that I can proudly show off my membership in the double 69er group. Total pledge: $769.69. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ @Tomimt... I imagine we have bled about all we can from this board. Out of the 13k backers there is probably only a few hundred that even pay attention to this comment section. (the clock bangs a 23 hour remaining.. the last day is already broken... :) Yeah, the best solution would be to get new backers, not to try bleed try the existing ones. Not everyone can put a lot of money in projects like these. @Jacob The problem is not that the $15 tier is too low. This is the kickstarter standard price. Double Fine gave away their game at this price and so did the developers of Wasteland 2. Other successful projects like The Banner Saga even went below $15. The problem is that we simply didn't manage to attract enough backers. I think I'd rather harrass the 7 billion people who aren't sponsoring this at all. Upping my pledge to $25.69. Considering how great the Larry 1 VGA soundtrack was, this rendition is bound to be spectacular! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Jacob: Raising the $15 or any other tier is as bad as cheating. And those are not cheapskate fifteeners. They are Larry supporters just like you and me and the others, deserved the same respect no matter how much money is pledged. Let's just do our part and continue to push in the right way, e.g. spread the words of Larry needed a little bit more help everywhere. @Jacob - LOL, because calling people cheapskates is a good way to convince them to donate more as opposed to just dropping their pledge altogether. because of those 8124 pledges there's $121,860 for the project. It would be nice if people in general could give more, but If the 8124 pledges back out the project doesn't get funded. I've bought a load of games under 15 dollars. Most of them bigger than LSL. Think of 15 dollars as a special prize for those, who want to give something to the game, but don't want anything extra with it. I'll say it again: The $15 dollar tier is too low. It shouldn't even have existed - I mean what kind of game can you buy for $15?? The best chance we've got of getting this extra $50k in the next 24 hours is to get the 8124 cheapskate fifteeners to up their pledges by $5. I mean come on, FIVE DOLLARS. Can't they be begged by email or something? @Kevin Morton - I most likely will play it in the windows virtual machine I run on my Linux environment. I'll play slower, but so far I've been able to pull it off with most games. More games then I've been able to get running under WINE. If that fails I'll confiscate my wife's computer. The problem with emulators is you can spend as much time tweaking them as you do running the program you tweaked them for and a lot of the time you can't get things to run in them at all. yeah,,, rebelphoenix is casting again.... join the stream <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS☜☆☞ 24 hours to go! Spread the word. We need that 650K! lennart: Josh Mandel has said that right now, a Linux version is simply too expensive. They still want to do one. It's just that right now, it's too expensive. But they aren't giving up on it. I'm a software developer and use both Windows and Linux OSs. I get very frustrated that some of the best games I want don't play on my Linux OS. Windows is on it's way out, epically with Windows 8 and it's Metro interface coming out. There's also more support of Linux all the time and making a game that's Linux compatible is a huge seller. Even Valve is committed to creating a Steam client for Linux now. Ironically, Lennart's pledge is the exact amount the project needed to pursue a Linux version - such is our world. Sorry, but Linux is just not sexy enough for a guy like Larry. Since there is no confirmed linux version I'll have to cancel my pledge. Too bad, I really liked the idea of a remake. Just another reminder. Please email first (<email>) before sending any payment through paypal greater than $500. We want to make sure no one gets short changed on their prizes. Thanks to everyone who has pledged/donated so far! :D @Bob well.. 515.69 is my highest pledge limit for this month.. ~_~.. anyway.. I am still ... ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS☜☆☞. XDDDDD For the last 24h, I think the community would need a boost to reach the 650k ... Josh, Al, Paul, do you copy ? :-) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Oh, I meant spots 'left' instead of 'lift' of course. It'll be tricky, 'managing' the limited edition-tiers with those PayPal-donations. If they do qualify, it might well be an item has been sold out due to PayPal-donations, but still show spots lift through Kickstarter. @Joshua Kim and Kenny: you can always go for the double 69, you know; 1069.69 or 569.69, but thank you for upping your pledge even if you don't. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ @Joshua it does yes, make sure you email them however see <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ What's the Paypal at now, Britton? @Bob Michiels, I can't say for sure, but it looks like paypal. We just got a 1k paypal donation right afterwards. Oh, we lost a backer at the 1k-tier again too. Wonder where (s)he went... @Davy Tavernier: aha, a fellow countryman! I( too) have no problems with the import taxes and whatnot I'm going to have to pay when the physical items of my 1K-tier and below arrive. The $15 shipping costs are a steal too. I'm rooting for you Jose. ☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ this 69 stuff finally got the better of me. So I've updated my pledge to $769.69 To be honest I'd love to get my greedy hands on the the stuff at the $1000 tier as well, but the STAR @ $750 is just too cool to pass up. @Riggo69 Lol @ your despair story Go Jose..Win millions and take care of Larry! I'm already a double 69er and a perfect 10 member so pretty stretched already, however I'm playing the Euromillions today, so if I win I'll pledge the missing $50K :-) If only I could pull off a Larry 2... Do not despair fellow Kickstarters. I am sure Al and Josh have no intention of screwing us (at least I hope not in the literal sense) I can see in their wicked, twisted minds a plan to scale the new woman based on the final tally: At current levels (600k) I believe it will be a 4'8" female in a camper trailer. At 625k It will be an average size woman in a double wide (Chicken Ranch?) At 650k It will be a statuesque woman in a Winnebago At 700k It will be a super model in a penthouse suite Matthew: Yes, it does! Does the $50 tier include the tshirt, it says all previous tiers but I'm wondering now Hey guys, Josh Mandel has just joined in in the Larry marathon! Join in the fun! <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Come join the LiveStream Marathon of Leisure Suit Larry which is raising money for this Kickstarter and for Make-A-Wish <url>`s keep it up. Last I heard about Paypal was yesterday from Josh Mandel: $10,129 Could be more at this point. @roadrunner: Yes, they said the latest count was ~$10,189 for the PayPal donations. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @roadrunner: Regarding the girl, there are some chicks out there that costs more than 100k. They don´t tell you to begin with, but after like 10 years they have shoes for more than 100k ;)) I didn`t read all the comments but did we get any Paypal update since Saturday? Benjamin Bracker (rebelphoenix) is streaming LSL1 VGA right now at: <url>☜☆☞ PROUD MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69'ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I think we`ll get new room and new girl anyway. I doubt that it costs 100k to create one new room and one girl if the hole game costs 500k. Hit enter key too soon! I was going to add, I do not wish to be visited by the Pedobear. @Sebastien R. Beaudoin: An interesting thought. At present levels do we get a girl in a training bra? Sebastian: Let's not worry about that at the moment. We're over 600K at this point, with all sources combined. We can make it! I know it! What happens if we only finish at 640k and not 650k? Do we get something more than the 550k goal that Replay announced? If there is nothing more than the 550k goal (more dialogue and jokes), then what is the point to finish so close to the 650k target. If Replay does not promess some value (3/4 of a girl?) in exchange of only 640k, chances are some backers will pull back some money in the last minute (I know I will). Having said this, lets keep pushing so that we reach the mythic 696 969.69 $... I am still positive that we will reach the target of 650k (but I would feel more confident if Replay would add a lower tier with more digital value to give some reasons to a quarter of the 8050 backers from the 15$ tier to increase their pledge - it is not too late). anim8: I think setting the $15 tier at $25 would be detrimental, as fewer people would be willing to get on at that starting point. I also think Replay's intention is to *NOT* have another one of these. The prices are fine. We're steaming along, everyone stay positive. :o) I still remember that scene in the store when Larry has to buy condoms and after a long series of choices, everybody in the store shouts "What a pervert!". One of the funniest line in games for me! I can't wait to see Larry in the modern age. Good luck with the game, guys and I hope there is a lot of new content, at least as awesome as the original! I mentioned your project on my website, hope it helps! Check out the other projects I've backed: <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ No, no, squeeze Replay Games! Please! Pledge! ;) I forgot to mention, that would also likely cause the project to hemorrhage money, since the people who pledged who aren't super enthusiastic will be like "Oh it costs less now. I'm gonna lower my pledge to match!" Or more likely, people who have been carrying the campaign on those pledges will feel cheated, and pull their money all together! @Skyler: That would screw over the early pledges. For reasons like that Kickstarter doesn't allow you to edit existing tiers. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Luckily there´s no deadline for donating through PayPal :) And make lower it at the last hour or 2 My opinion is to lower the prices of the tiers (if not just the age verification one) by a good amount. Only the ones that haven't been backed yet. Not too much that it hurts the numbers, but just enough to give us a last chance edge. Something to note for international backers is that Replay has said they're going to do everything they can to keep costs down for international packages. This includes valuing the packages based on the contents, not the pledge amount. I swallowed the pill as an International backer (Belgium) and pledged $169.69. That will be around 130 euros, so actually that's not that bad, but I have to agree that anything above $25 is not very International friendly. Because I'm willing to pledge so high (relatively) I don't care much about the $15 shipping and VAT I probably will have to pay when the Lefty's Bar Pack arrives at my home, but I can see a lot of International don't want to make that commitment. So I think a digital friendly tier can boost the kickstarter, but it need to come fast, because we're almost out of time. Man, I really want to hit the 650k because the original LSL can really use another girl and story line to give the game more body. Woo-hoo! If we combine in the donation and the PayPal total, we are now over $600K, and we have a little less than a day and a half to go. Come on guys, I think we can make it! ;) Also, I think there are enough tiers now, too many in fact. I seriously hope they don't add any more. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Pledge upped from $40 to $115.69 so I could join the club :) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS☜☆☞ Wow those $750 pledges sold out fast! Maybe if we can manage another spike we'll hit $650k. @ZirconJimLaffer83 by the way, .. i have no way but upper my pledge to 515 for signed Al Lowe Art Book as a souvenir.. (Yeah..I has signature from Al) This user's account has been deleted. @Julian: Yeah, I just felt I needed to clarify my postion, LOL. And I sympathize, being in a similar position(not getting into it). @Kenny Chik: Sorry, Kenny. It went *really* quick(and no, I'm not one of them, LOL). This user's account has been deleted. Julian: I was just trying to appease the cry for lower tiers. My feeling is: pledge what you can, go beat the bushes and spread the word. We have momentum. I think we can close this gap. We shouldn't be squeezing Replay for all their worth - they've got enough to do. ok...great... after I woke up and I found that the new tier had sold out..... This user's account has been deleted. That would help encourage me to upgrade a bit, sure. I was the first one who suggested a PDF hintbook in the first place (Well, I was the one who started this most recent WAVE of discussion, I dont know if it has been talked about before now) So yes. That would be great. But, a $69 Purely Digital Tier would be perfect for me, so that is what I am aiming to get. :P Keiron, how about this instead(I had suggested it earlier, but it's buried below your long comment): $35: Game, digital soundtrack and a PDF hintbook(including the new location/girl/puzzles) For someone at $15, it's a $20 jump; at $25 it's a $10 jump. And it's all digital. Replay is giving more than enough away at $25 and up. It's a steal, really. $15 is too low for what they're giving away as is. --- Yes and no, Realistically, the only things on offer purely digital before the $100 boxed level are Game Wallpapers OST Art Book Beta Access. Sure its "good" but it doesnt really have that "wow" factor. DFA for example may not have had much "more" Game Soundtrack Artbook Beta Access Documentry (really unique) But it did have beta access really damn cheaply, AND a unique Documentary/soundtrack for doco Also, special thanks in credits for DFA was $100 while here it is $500. $100 was fine, and I upgraded that when they upgraded it to include the boxed edition (though, it must be added that I doubt I would have pledged for the box edition without the special thanks) Grim Dawn Ingame Item Game Soundtrack Behind the Scenes Book + Art Book Name in Credits Second ingame item Will-O'-The-Wisp pet Wallpapers Beta Acess Granted, this one is a lootfest so giving out ingame items is a lot more possible then in Larry (unless the item unlocked some cool bonus backer only scene/area) But the shear amount of content here made me pledge the $85 for it. Wasteland 2 Game, 2nd Game Funny ungameplay altering skill Art Book Video Dev Blog 2 Novellas on the Wasteland 2 Soundtrack Beta Access Once again, different kind of game. But the offering of a second game, Video Blog, seemed to add more umph to it. The Dead Linger Copy of their first game DETOUR Dead Linger Copy Alpha/Beta Access Special Thanks in Credits Soundtrack Second Copy of Game ingame Item "the kickstarter" (then more expensive digital only teirs) So yes, while this Leisure Suit Larry kickstarter does offer value to Digital only customers, realistically for a person who isn't willing to pay $100+ there is really little between. The upper tiers are epic, and contain a LOT of good stuff. But realistically, everything sub-$100 is pretty weak, especially for international users who dont want to pay another $15 in shipping. In fact, one of the key reasons I haven't upgraded yet is due to the shirt. any pledge $40+ apparently seems to get a shirt, which would require more postage to get. If I don't get the shirt though, it would feel... erm, kinda like I was missing out? Hence my desire to see a Purely Digital $69 tier with a bit more meat on it, because as of now, one person changing from $15 wont do much. But having something that will convince a LOT of people to go up from $15, that would be good. And I can say with all honesty, that if they did put up a digital only $69 tier, I would up my pledge if nothing else. As of right now, with everything combined, we have $600,045! We're within 50K of our goal! I like the idea for a PDF hint book added for an all digital teir. There would be cost for the original production of the book, but distribution would be cheap. Also this could be another way to make money. Buying a physical hint book when the game releases. 'Course shipping costs may not make this very attractive. It is also possible that they already plan on including this in the boxed/case version, though unknown at the moment. Hey all. This just made my evening. There is still so much love for your work out there. And I think the fans have spoken. :) If we total Kickstarter, PayPal and the amount John Arpin raised during his LSL marathon, we're up to $599, 395! We're almost to 600K! Tom King: I do hear what you're saying, but a PDF hint book costs nothing to produce, really(as opposed to a printed one), and if it's incentive enough for people at $35 (spgame, digital soundtrack, PDF hintbook), it helps the cause. However, i don't think any other tiers beyond that should be considered. We just need to keep beating the bushes and keep the momentum up. We're not that far off - I know we can do this! Adding more material rewards is not the way to go. That cost comes out of the money raised in the KIckstarter; all it would do is eat into the game budget. I also agree with Tom King. It's not like Replay's *not* going to thank the Kickstarter backers as a whole in the credits. Adding a tier that gets you a thanks in the credits will only devalue the special credit tiers. HOWEVER...I like the idea of a PDF hintbook at $35(which would mean you'd get the game, the soundtrack and the hintbook). There's nothing physical to produce, and it would be an incentive to move up. Josh, Paul, Al, get on that! :) Thanks guys! My last post in response to Kieron, by the away. A PDF hint book would be doable, but I think Replay is giving more than enough away at $25 and up. It's a steal, really. $15 is too low for what they're giving away as is. Not going to happen. The special credits tiers would become far less significant if thousands of Kickstarters were listed individually. I think the tiers are fine as they are. How about a 35 dollar tier that u get a strategy guide emailed to u What would make ME move up from $15, would be Special thanks in the credits (Not as special as the higher tier, which would have to be in a separate part) An old style PDF of a Hint Book including the new girl/content. ect for $69 :P No worries, Riggo. It's OK. Tomorrow Morning, 6 AM EST, The Last Push Leisure Suit Larry Marathon, please join us there. <url>"development blog" tier seems unfair because it takes something that all backers want to know about and makes it excluvsive to those that were able to pledge n amount of dollars. I'm not advocating for more high-dollar tiers. I think we have momentum, the gap keeps closing, and we have 10K on top of what the Kickstarter total says. I think we can make it. @ZirconJim... I understand that some people are limited, but creating new tiers that focus on those that can afford $750 may not be the best path. I am sure that a large percentage of those at $15 can afford a few more dollars, but they have no carrot in front of them that motivates them to add a few bucks. How about giving away one lunch with Al Lowe to a randomly selected person who pledged $25 or more? That might convince a good number of $15 backers to up their pledges. I'm part of those "masses", Riggo. I just don't have the funds to pledge more right now. We pledge what we can. I'm just not sure shoehorning in more tiers will be that beneficial, that's all. @ZirconJim... Tiers that limit themselves to the top 200 backers miss the huge percentage (75%) that are at $25 dollars or below. We need to move the masses, not a select few. ER @zirconjom, stupid keyboard. @ZiexonJim, I agree, I think that would be more likely to drive people off than get them to pledge more money. I think the Alpha and Beta testing is really more than enough special access. Even a subforum for the testing that's read only would be too far IMHO as I'm sure there are people who have questions that would want to ask them of people that are actually testing the game. That and it would make it quite a bit more likely that spoilers would be out even before the game officially ships. For the record, I'm international, so I went as far as pledging $25. $55 to kick it to the t-shirt plus postage didn't seem worthwhile for me. @tinapple: That's not really fair to everyone who backed the game and wants to be kept abreast of progress. Just my opinion. I really don't think we need anymore teirs. We just need to keep spreading the word in the final hours. I'm *STILL* finding people who didn't know this Kickstarter had even started! Guys, I think it's too near the end to bother about new tiers. Well, I suggest a tier that provides special access to a private forum and a development blog which contains weekly updates on the game's progress with designs previews (programming updates, graphic updates etc) + monthly video updates. @Josh Mandel...Since you still seem to be hanging around, can you figure out a sub $40 tier that is all digital that can boost the 75% low end. We have provided lots of ideas. Need to get the masses involved. Nope, don´t worry - I was just kidding ;) OK, anim8, relax. I hope you're not serious! We'll make it, i think. We've got time, and the gap keeps closing. @Joshua Mandel: HA! It seems like the "Walk of Shame" was a success, sold out in a matter of minutes. So how about a new tier - changing the name on "Lefty´s" to the person who pledges like $8000. Or what about a graffiti wall, for $7000 you´ll get your very own tag on the wall. For like $6000 you get your name on the backside of the shirt on the doorman at the disco.. ;) haha beat me to it @Joshua The left half! I'm not worried. We've got 39 hours, and we're almost within 50K of our goal. All we need is a nice surge at the end. Let's focus on spreading the word however we can. @ Mike Villasuso and @ pedasn I think we can make enough money to at least get 3/4 of a girl. @ Mike Villasuso: what half? - ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Josh: Can we get half a room with half a girl for 600k? ;) @Chris Can't happen to both wrists, he's supposed to use only the OTHER hand... :-) Pledge upped by $0.69 so I could join a club :) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS☜☆☞ @Chris Ha ha! Perhaps Al could invent a CyberSign3000 for all the autographs. You people are great.. Thank you everybody that did pledge up and/or joined one of our clubs.. You are the best.. Continue this momentum.. We can do it ! :-) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Serena, but then Al will have carpal tunnel in both wrists... 13,000 backers.... wohoooooooo ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Serena: As long as the signed box is not personalized, and the signed books are. We need to be careful not to devalue that $500 tier. But that really seems like the easiest thing to do. The signed box idea for the $200 tier seems reasonable to me. I don't see why it couldn't be done. It'll minimize costs, isn't in-game intrusive, and could potentially skyrocket the amount pledged. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND STARLET ☜☆☞ Who will be the 13,000th backer??? Everyone don't forget there is also supposed to be around $1,135 coming in before the pledge time ends from the JohnnyPhantom charity fundraiser. We're getting closer. Joshua and Josh : I hear you. Backers' presence must not be intrusive to the other player. But Josh is right. It is popular and if I had more money I would have jumped on the 750 $. I have an idea: what if Replay would add a config file that only the backers could edit Recipe to be sent later by email) by answering some simple questions (name, height, etc). This information could be referred to in four to ten places in the game. I would jump on this. It would not spoil the game for regular player. I'm gathering the stars will be somewhere like outside the casino. It feels a bit obtrusive, but if it pushes it towards $650k... fingers crossed. That can't be right. That was the PayPal tally over two days ago. It has to have gone up. On that note, thanks to everyone who's helping us get this thing rolling. We're at $595,180. I'm not sure we need any more tiers. We just need to keep spreading the word and what will happen, will happen. Who are you, $10K backer by the way? I envy u so good XD Josh, yes, that's why we're really trying to limit those kinds of tiers. We don't want to reach a point where references to backers become obtrusive. On the other hand, people LOVE those rewards. So we have to be very, very judicious in how we formulate them. Unless I'm mistaken, that number doesn't reflect Paypal payments- it's +$10,189 as per Josh's post below Seems like not many people use PayPal, considering that the number didn't increase much during the last days. Yet another PayPal correction. (There are still a few bugs in our new PayPal tracking system.) We are at $10,189 . Yeah, I am a bit concerned about adding all these tiers that add stuff to the game. I worry that it will be choked with attempts to credit all the fans, and suffer because of it. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ This user's account has been deleted. Sebastien, we know we want to do a $200 tier (we haven't been discussing changing the $25 tier). But we're having a tough time coming up with a solution that's simultaneously fair to everyone who's already pledged above and below, doesn't involve a prohibitive cost of goods, doesn't overly load up the game with references to backers, and so on. It's a VERY tricky thing and we've been having nonstop discussions about it. Correction: PayPal is at $9288.75. Josh: are you planning to increase the digital value of the 25$ tier? What you did fir this new 750$ tier is awesome. However, there is a lot of money "sleeping" in the 15$ tier. I think you should target these people very quickly. Damn, just wake up (I am living in Japan) and the nice new tier is already gone. How about adding a wall of shame with a picture next to the name at around USD1500, could be that some star holders will jump up and additionally free up some walk of shame spots. It looks like our latest PayPal total is about $10,200. I'm confirming this with Britton as we speak. And where is our PayPal update? I thought they were trying to get us a total for today. Maybe it will come along with the hopeful video update Josh mentioned for today or tomorrow. The earlier we get that total the better, as we'll have a much better idea where we stand in accordance with making that $650k level. If we make $1,000 an hour for the remainder of the time, we'll be at 625k, not including PayPal. I think the 650k goal is still possible for sure. Damn, those stars went fast. Glad I got mine when I did. @ Andrew I forgot about that. Maybe they could just have a choice to look across the street, which brings up a view of the other side without crossing, and the ability to look at more stars. @Michael Andrews Yeah but if Larry crosses he gets run over by the Taxi. :-P Quick, Replay!! Throw a $769 tier up there with more stars. There are stars on both sides of the street you know :) @Sebastien R. Beaudoin Great idea! :-) Damn those stars went quick. Yay, the last star is mine, ALL MINE! Add more to the $25 tier please :) I am amazed and very happy on how much you guys are spending on this, I don't have the money to but luckily we have so many people that do. That $750 tier went fast! I'll stick with my $500 tier prize but up my pledge. :3 ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Idea for Replay to add to the 25$ tier that could help some of the 15$ backers to make the move to the 25$ tier. Why not give a very (very) little chance at eternity for those who can't afford a stool at Lefty's? Everyone who paid the 25$ tier (and above), would have the chance to see its name as a graffiti in Lefty's restrooms. Mob Adventure could load everyone's name (tier 25$ and above) and when looking at the graffiti, it would randomly select a name and match it with one of Al and Josh joke that fits any name (something like "John Smith was here. You can tell by the smell!"). Something simple, something digital (no extra shipping costs for the international backers), something random, yet unique. (Ok, it is not the best idea, but we have to come up quickly with simple ideas that could increase the value of the 25$ tier... I dare all of you to find other similar idea). ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ Wow. The walk of shame tier is almost sold out. I'm impressed. Maybe randomly giving away one of the less popular rewards (like that Pervert thing) to one of the 69 cents guys (maybe +10.69$ and more) at the end could generate even more interest! Upped my pledge from $40.0 to $100.69. I know we can make the $600,000 mark but I'm hoping we can get to $650,000 in the next 41 hours.. As this 69'ing seems to be a trend or something I upped my pledge by 69 cents :) Is it possible to pledge for 1 reward here and one other via paypal ? Via same (email) account or must we user different (email) account ? It's not possible to pledge for two rewards, is it? Like the exclusive 750$ + a higher one that doesn't include it. @ Michael Hoffmann +1, I would certainly up my pledge if they add a $200 tier with some interesting extra :-) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Jeff: I'm pretty sure that's already been confirmed. I'm not sure if it was mentioned before, but do you think that the voice actor for Larry from the previous games will reprise his role for this game? Upped my pledge from 30$ to 115$. I'm hoping for at least 650k$ so we'll get a new lovely lady in the game! Oh yeah, in US right now...Born and lived in Berlin for a long time. Hey, nice to meet a fellow countryman around here. I guess there are lots of German adventure fans backing this project! :-) Go LARRY! Another 2 backers joined the 1K-group in the last 24 hours too. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ No problem Micha ;) I hope so...Hoffe ich auf jeden fall hehe Sorry, I meant "@Krid" :-) @Kris Until a couple of hours ago I thought so, too, but with the boost in the last hours and the additional money from Paypal the $650.000 look possible now! The only way this will reach $650,000 in my book is if someone pledges $50,000 before this ends. Maybe reducing the cost on some of the higher tiers that have no pledges yet, like the Pervert and Doggie Style tiers? @Kieron I hope in the remaining hours they will introduce a new tier for about $200 with autographed collector's boxes. I'm sure this would be THE moneymaker and would certainly bring us over the $650.000! Its a shame there are only 20 spots though, this tier seems to be a moneymaker for them. Makes me wonder if they should put a cheaper teir with a similar treatment, like, graffiti of someones name with jokes or something. It also makes me wonder, if this "walk" will be a whole new ingame area, which would be awesome. 580k ! Congratulations to everybody who upped his pledge :-) We're not so far anymore from 650, let's push it guys, we can do it ! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Kieron... I love the $69 tier... Maybe they could add a Larryized version (pdf) of the Kama Sutra... Of course the Kama Larry Sutra would only have 3 pages based on his history. :) maybe they should have either a $69 dollar tier, or a $59 dollar tier for people who want to be part of both groups but there isn't much there. I just upped my pledge to 50.69 from $25 Sucks thats all I can afford right now, I would give more. ok raised by bet... err.. pledge I mean, by 10.69 so I can proudly be part of both groups! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Damn, this is really shooting up fast now! Combined with the last PayPal total, we are now over $590K. When they reveal it, I wouldn't be surprised if the current PayPal total puts us over $600K! :) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Riggo69 lol.. very true, and I can't wait :D My dice cup truly doth runneth over! (couldn't resist) ok so upped 15$ I upped from $569.69 to $769.69. I won't be able to pledge any more, but hopefully everyone can up a bit to push us to at least $600K! So close to the end I couldn't resist: I upped my pledge from 15 to 69.69. Wish I could give more. Last minute raise anyone? ;) @Renee... At least you will go down in history as one of only twenty people that Larry was able to walk all over. :) @xrror Don't forget the re-release of the 5 1/4" and 3.5" drives to go along with it! :P Just upped to 750.69. I must be crazy.. but then it's rather appropriate, as I just got laid off :D If the project reaches $69696969, then Ken Williams also comes out of retirement, Replay games re-aquires the Sierra brand, and they re-launch The Sierra Network with Leisure Suit Larry 4 as the launch title. Also at that time, the world ends ;D @Frederic... Add the $15 to your pledge question when you pledge 100$ ...will the 15$ be charged after for shipping or you have to pledge 115$ (shipping included) ? Upped another $50 which totals $150.69 and to be the first in the ever "My girlfriend going to kill me if she finds out! group". ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, MARATHON MAN'S BIG BROTHER, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MY GIRLFRIEND GOING TO KILL ME IF SHE FINDS OUT! ☜☆☞ The 750 tier is just amazing ! It really is a pity I can't afford to go that high otherwise I wouldn't hesitate a second ... Great job folks, let's continue this way ;-) @Riggo69, I have asked for such a digital level two weeks ago, but obviously it didn't catch enough attraction. $30-35 sounds fine for me. Probably some of the 8.000 backers would join. How about adding to the sticker reward a small thank you card with Al Lowe's printed signature? Also a new digital only tier could be good for international backers. Any word on how PayPal link has effected kickstarter total? @Nafis - we add 69s to our pledges to show that we are brothers and sisters in the 69 Percent. We ask that people bid accordingly (169.69 for the 150 tier, etc.), but even if you can only afford 69 cents tacked on at the end, you're still family. Every little bit helps! @Derek... A bumper sticker or any kind of Larry sticker would probably be fairly cheap in Large quantities (and a good idea), but would break the digital only package for international backers. Can't imagine it would cost $15 to mail a small sticker though. @Nafis.. It is just a way to draw in more money for the campaign. It is a group that formed from this comment section called the Kickstarter 69ers. Something tangible with Larry on it for a lower price would be a great way to get the lower people to move up...like maybe one poker chip, or a larry keychain, or a larry bumper sticker. what's up with this 69 cents that I see people pledging? Just brainstorming, maybe would be better at higher tiers. @Marc... I would suggest something along the lines of a 2nd digital download at the $35 range to entice upgrades from the 75%. The key to this is that it keep the pledge completely digital for the international backers. Not nearly as exciting as some of the higher tiers, but targets a huge percentage of the backers. @Rottenwood Thanks a lot! :-) Unfortunately my name is not funny in the least, it's as common as can be in Germany. Looking forward to Larry's comment! :-) Maybe they could add a $5 dollar gift card (visa, amazon, etc...) or something for a 20 or 30 tier? Call it "Larry's Lost Wages"? That might have a phycological effect on people that they get money back. @Michael Hoffmann - I promise to drink in your honor as I walk on your Star Of Shame! I must be out of my mind, but I upped my pledge from $116.69 to $769.69. Well, I can always tell myself it's a low price for a little bit of immortality! :-) Have we gotten an update on the PayPal tally? Using the last tally, we're at 588K. Also, big thanks to everyone at Replay for busting tail to help us get this to it's goal. @Riggo69 I belong to the 75%-group with pledges of $25 and less. I would be motivated to pledge more, but I have to admit, that I don't want to pledge for "nothing". I don't want a soundtrack, but as this is the only option, the next step for a Non-American is $55 ($40 + $15 shipping) - that's quite a step. Now it's probably too late anyway (well, the success of the $750-level shows, that even a late pledge level can be effective), but I would prefer another pledge level between $15 and $50 and I guess, it would have potential (9.500 backers). Anyway, good luck, Larry, for the final hours! @Serena... Good to hear... Would hate to lose the only female pervert in the club. :) @Riggo69: I didn't go the double 69 route, but I did keep the $.69 so I'm still good. Total pledge: $750.69. @Riggo I already spoke to Josh here in the comments. He and the other guys are looking for a possibility for a 200 dollar tier with a signed Larry Game Box. I think this could do the trick. 750 people at 100 dollars to 200 dollars is a staggering 75.000 dollars. From someone who played the original LSL I would like to make a suggestion that I think would bring back some of the old days in a real way. If we could have the option of either using the mouse for point and click or type what we want Larry to do just like the original game did. I enjoyed trying to figure out how word things. That is one thing that is lost since now what most people do is click on everything to something happens. Not as challenging. Wow the new $750 tier will be sold out in a few hours...guess they should have extended the walk of shame to 50 spots wow! @Serena... I hope you upped to $769.69 so as to not lose your membership in the club. :) Problem with the $750 tier is that it will probably only net $5,000. Twenty folks at $500 move up to $750 and tada... $5,000. Not that I am scoffing at the extra 5k, but it is a limited audience. Need to figure out someway to motivate the 75% of the backers at $25 or less to move up... That could add a big chunk of cash. @patrice: it might not make exactly that amount with this new tier. When you think about it, most people buying it has already made their pledges. Example: some people have moved from 500 to the 750. Only a 250 increase. Definitely awesome still!! Let's keep going guys! Just jumped up to the next tier. I just couldn't resist being made fun of by Larry Laffer himself! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Spoke too soon! 750 tier halfway gone!! The new 750 tier is almost halfway gone!! Hurry and grab it before it's too late! That $750 tier is pretty tempting!!!! I personally think there are enough tiers now but the 750 one with the street stars is a good idea. I'm looking forward to how that is going to look/work in the game. :-) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ They can make 15K with that new 750$ Tier.. If they can add more of those, we may be able to reach the 650K goal within 2 days! ;) You guys are a trip! Glad I backed this...not only because it's a blast to play Larry, but also because it's a blast to read the comments ;) Just announced and 6 backers thus far. A good sign :) Ack, totally missed that update in my status-bar. Yes, my thanks too to the new pledger at Lefty's. And, @Jan: good eye for finding that before the announcement. I don't think they're going to get much extra pledges by adding an extra tier at $750- though, but my instinct has been known to be wrong. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE DOUBLE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 ☜☆☞ new $750 tier.. nice!! :-) Woohoo! Thanks to whoever popped a squat next to me at Lefty's. High fives all around! well i don't want that.... of course..... i know @Pedasn - be careful about plugging projects on the pages of other projects; it's a community no-no and they can bring the boot down for that sort of thing. I dunno if they DO, but I wouldn't take the risk of having your account flagged or scrapped. hey guys... i want to promote another kickstarter since its going to end in 4 hours. - it's a comicbook about a lesbian werewolve (yes, you heard me right). <url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ And another stool in Lefty's is taken :-))) wooohooo!!! Check out Al's humor site (<url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Same here Brian. Maybe I'll finally get to touch a boob now that I'm around such esteemed perverts! ;) LET ME AT THOSE COWS! LEMME AT THOSE SHEEP!! (anyone knows if these wonderful lines from 'Freddy Pharkas' are somewhere on the internet - on .wav or .mp3? I can't get them out of my head, and want them as Windows-sounds. Geez, just goes to show what'll happen when you play Al Lowe games...) Hope you can help me, fellow Larry followers :-) Ok, you got me to up my pledge to join the cool kid club. :) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ and I bet that the pledge's would go up faster if we know an exact number It would be helpful if Replay would give us an update on the current tally of PayPal, if only so we have a better idea of where we really stand. Right now, it looks like 576, 562K(~10K from PayPal), but that figure is almost 2 days old. It *has* to be higher now. I'm sure they're working on it, so I shouldn't seem like an ingrate, LOL. the 48 hours "2 days.." has just been broken! :) It's.... the FINAL COUNTDOWN! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, MARATHON MAN, AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @John k Arpin that's great! thanks for the marathon! I had a great time! how can you implement the signs.... is that just a wingding? i want to do a signature for the NEKRO campaign. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ How's this?: < MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART DOUBLE 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10x10 > @Bob Michiels: Sorry about that. However, imitation is the greatest form of flattery so maybe it is okay! I just cut and paste the bottom piece in from another comment. I'm too lazy to do anything else! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @John k: You did a commemorable work! Indeed, it was quite a good set-up - using Larry-games to invite Larry-fans to chat together on a site. I had a great time, heard a lot of interesting things about the games (though I've played them tons of time, there were things in the game that I had not noticed), and it was fun to hear my idols (Al and Josh) "talk". Thanks for a great experience! Go to bed and sleep for hours and hours in the land of the 69er lounge lizards! < MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS > @pedasn I got about 75% ish done with LSL6 and found that there is a bug with the CD DOS version that sometimes will make it so Art will not stop the tram and need a smoke (so I could "borrow" some things from his tram) after a few fix attempts an a no go, we decided to skip the last part of 6 and press on to LSL7, now 20.5 hours into my only 14 hour marathon, I was at 7 about 30 min in, it locked up before I have created any save game. Most of my followers said oh well, and encourage me to get some sleep. I wanted to protest but my body, and those followers made a strong argument. so 21 hours later, I feel to the desire of sleep.. you win again bed! So now that I got this awesome program to stream on my mac (CamTwist) I should be able to play any of the LSL games 1-7 on my MAC using Boxer with no problems. I'll do a save for 6 so I can start where i left off and finish 7, during these next couple work nights, BUT! I can only play till bed time since I have work the following day. Also my headset isn't 100% supported for mac by Logitech so I don't know how well that will work) I'll test it out and keep you all updated if I do this ^-^ ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ @BigD: you seem to be copying my latest pledge-move :-) That begs the question though: I upped my pledge by 100 when there was only talk of adding 10, just like I added .69 at the start of the 69ers before the group grew so large, so how should I put those things in these little 'sig lines' backers in those groups are using nowadays? shit... forgot something ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @ Patrice Brunette & John: WHAT.... part 6+7 havent been played? i had to go to bed because it was 5:30 in the morning where i live, but we were half way through part 5... what happened.... did you decide to go back and play part 4 instead? boaaaahhhh.... i wanted to wait to the last minute to up my pledge, but your gang is sooooo cool... i wanne be part of it now - so i upped my pledge - ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ ooh man, getting closer. I'm maxed out at 269.69. I can already hear my wife yelling at me. @John - Count me in! I hope you learn you're lesson about saving often! ;) You'll do Part 6 and 7? There's only 49 hours left!!! Hmmmmm.... I found a good program to stream my desktop and webcam in a pip... maybe a marathon part 2 is coming :P to OFFICIALLY Finnish the run (this time on my MAC! ^-^) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ Can't wait to play this it will bring back so many memories of playing it as a kid =) Thanks Al and the team! Added 10. ☜☆☞ LEFTY'S PATRON, MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ Counting PayPal at last tally(on Saturday afternoon), we're at 575K(likely more, given that the PayPal tally has likely increased. I believe there's an update coming sometime today on the current PayPal tally). Count me in. Added $100 to the total in hopes that the new room happens! Thanks for joining, @George. The T-shirt is great! I just found this site and had to contribute something. Having played LL when they first came out (actually most Sierra games). I just got into programming and was playing LL in my office way back when. It is great that Al Lowe is involved, I have been hoping he would do something like this for a long time. I could only do the $40.00 pledge but I think I am as much excited to be getting the shirt as much as the game. @Konstantinos Bimplis it SHOULD have automatically recorded and saved on my twitch.tv channel/page. Perhaps with a little bit of downtime. If not, I have the entire thing saved on my drive and can upload it tonight with some luck ^-^ I was going to upload it this weekend, but did not make it out of bed, Larry wore me out ;) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ @John, I think a survey is sent out after the campaign is closed - with address and t-shirt size and so on. But I also have a vague memory of registering my address here? Amazing work on the marathon, by the way! @Roadrunner thanks for the advice, but I meant the mailing address, my fault for not being clearer. For any physical goods being mailed out, thanks again everyone!!! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ 50 hours to go! I'm so excited! Hopefully we'll get a Paypal update today (We sure are an impatient group of fans, aren't we?) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ hey guys and gals did anybody record the Twitch/ustream marathon? I'd love to watch again! Thanks Philippe, Sébastien, John and pjudson you will be praised for lifetime twice (so in afterlife too ) Everybody else join us now: the Kickstart 69'ers or Larry's Perfect 10 by adding another 10$ ! For more explanation scroll through the comments.. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Michael Hoffman: I'm all over it. Great idea! Could someone post a hint about the $650.000 goal in the Double Fine forum? There is a thread dedicated to the Larry kickstarter (<url>☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS, LARRY'S PERFECT 10, AND MARATHON MAN ☜☆☞ So, it's about time for the last minute 200.000, just like Double Fine had! Who's gonna donate it? We could use another Paypal update, just to know how close are we. Great idea. I'm in too! ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I'm already in, so : ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Come on guys, let's make this dream come true :-) @Josh Ols I think Ken should at least reclaim his stool at the bar. Lefty's Bar Edition has two places left ;) I'm in. up my bid by $10 ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Counting the last known PayPal tally, we have ~$572K, so we need to raise about $78K. Of course the current PayPal total is probably much higher, so this estimate will be subject to change when they reveal the current total. As for the Ken Williams rumor, I think that man has funded more than his fair share of Al's projects already. :p :) - Marketing is fun ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ I'll join in: ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Tomtom No worries. :-) ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ @Andrew I took your caption and changed it a bit.. Hope you don't mind.. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE KICKSTART 69ERS AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ Looking forward to the remake of this game. You know, I played this game when I was about 10 years old and my mum had to help me play the game since English isn't my native language. I wonder how many 10 year olds played Larry with their mum, or were even allowed to play it :) By the way, for the adventure lovers that are reading these comments I would like to point out the Jane Jensen Kickstarter campaign for Pinkerton Road Studios and their game Moebius. She was one of the great designers that worked at Sierra and brought us the Gabriel Knight games. I hope some of you remember those gems and are willing to help that project after this one finishes. <url>"The politeness competition has been cancelled, since none of the contestants want to go first". Haha.. yes.. that was a great line :-D Hi Tomtom :-) It's an honour being a member of the two clubs. ;-) One funny line that cracked me up when I watched either Johnny Phantom or Rebel Phoenix play through Larry 7 (can't remember which stream it was) was the ship's announcer saying "Your attention everybody. John has won the skepticism trophy but refuses to believe it." :-) Hi Andrew ! Welcome to our club/s :-D Being member of both you will of course be praised for lifetime twice.. Is this double fine ;-) *walks in and looks and a sign at the door* "56 Hours to Go..." (You hear a almost silent tick-tack-tick-tack while you continue to walk) Actually Josh Ols brought up the idea about the extra 10$ I just gave it a name that makes it easier to promote it and impossible not to join us :-D But yeah thanks for supporting this as well as the Kickstart 69ers!, Thank you ! In for $125.69. Let's make this happen. ☜☆☞ MEMBER OF THE 69 CLUB AND LARRY'S PERFECT 10 ☜☆☞ its a great idea tomtom, and i will follow, but i will up my pledge tomorrow in the final rush. Fellow Kickstart 69ers.. Fellow Larry fans.. EVERYBODY.. I have the honor to present to you: LARRY's PERFECT 10 ! the fastest, coolest, best and easiest way to reach the 669k...erm 650k goal :-D Let's do this.. A new location.. A new sexy girl.. More everything..and all this for ONLY 10 $ !! You all followed me and the other three freaks with the 69ers movement.. You helped turn our little idea into something that really mattered.. proved that little things can grow big ;-) Thank you so much for this Now let's do it again.. We CAN do it.. Let's make this revival great.. Let's make it BIGGER LONGER BETTER ! Thank you so much everybody.. and now go pledging another 10k.. Erm.. 10$ ;-) Join Larry's Perfect 10 now ! Ah and everybody who's worried bout the double 69 like 69.69 169.69.. There are two ways to do it.. Either you do it as it was proposed before simply going for the single .69 or if you want to keep the double 69 just make another pledge through PayPal :-) I really believe that we can do it.. But we need everybody to participate.. Just 10$.. I'm glad they're using a radial wheel to allow various verbs. I'm not a big fan of the one click - one action interface. @Stian: That's close, yes. The last update we got on the PayPal tally was over a day ago, and it was "over 10K". We're hoping to get another one tomorrow. But we're headed in the right direction! 559+paypal = 570 ? If everybody raised their pledge by average around 6.3$, then we're there. We could probably use an update from them telling us how close we are from the 650k goal? Chances are that everybody get the message and perhaps someone willing to raise their pledge ? @Joseph: From my understanding, there should be a wheel when you click on something. This wheel will have all the actions on it. They decided on this because of mobile devices, and ease of access. It's in one of the update videos if I recall correctly. lol @ roadrunner Well he doesn`t have to pledge 50k. He can pledge 10k and have a chance to meet Al Lowe in person :-) Ken is a nice guy for sure but asking for 50k is too much to ask for especially since the project met its 500k goal, we must keep on plodding along and let as many people as we can know that at 650k there will be new content. 559,029 + PayPal at last tally = 569,029, possibly more as the last tally was over a day ago. So with windows 8 coming to tablets will this be touch friendly ? I would love to play it on the go @Kieron: I think he meant if it was like $450,000, he would have pledged $50,000 in order to make it an even $500,000. That would amazing if he or someone could pledge $50,000. *Crossing my fingers* :) does "if the Kickstarter had trouble making its goal" mean the 650k goal? because if so thats awesome. During the Leisure Suit Larry marathon for charity over the weekend, Al Lowe told us that Ken Williams was going to pledge $50,000 if the Kickstarter had trouble making its goal. Well... the goal has been raised and we SHOULD be able to tip 600k easily but we could sure use that final 50k. :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 We need another digg, stumble upon and etc. People forget. Alex: Including Paypal, we have 568K, if not more(have't had a tally update in over a day now). So we're closer than that. can we make $100,000 in 3 days? Upped my pledge to $150.69! Don't think I can give much more... Though, I have a feeling many people at the $5 and $15 tiers aren't reading the comments often. The message to add to your pledge would only catch on if it were in an update. *Everyone who hasn't added extra to your pledge. Many of you guys reading he comments keep adding more and more. Thank you for that! If everyone would add $10 to your pledge (and add .69 if you haven't already joined the club), we would be well over the mark for extra material. I hope they get to the new content. Even though I haven't played Leisure Suit Larry in well over a decade, i believe I know it back to front. If it lands close, they could always just leave the paypal up till they DO reach 650k I upped my pledge to 269.69.... we near to 600 now !! Thank you guys for your great efforts the last hours ... But we still need a little dynamic to reach already the 600k milestone. After that, 650 will be so close and people will push, I hope. Join the 69ers now or ad some bucks to your pledge, if you can. Thanks :-* Not the right place to post this, BUT you don´t wanna miss this new trailer.. :) <url>"hours per dollar" and this game will struggle via that metric. Hopefully there's a classic Kickstarter surge in the final days that makes this argument moot, but I'd urge Replay not to be steadfast about the "milestone or nothing" idea. A lot is riding on this game and putting out a deeper, more satisfying game HAS to be the play. But I have no clue about development costs and will concede to the more wise on the issue. @ Rottenwood I agree that new content will help sales over a straight remake, so I hope the team finds a way to make it work one way or the other. Assuming a similar $500,000 cost for the next game, digital and retail sales of the game upon actual release (using the $15 price point from here) would have to total a little over 33 thousand sales (not including the kickstarter folks). That sounds feasible to me. Well, my other point is that there are probably thousands of people that don't get involved with Kickstarter, but will be excited to see Larry when he's back as a finished game on Steam. Only time will tell, though. Again, I'll say this: with noteworthy new content, this game has a MUCH better chance at positive press and encouraging on-the-fence buyers. I would certainly hope there are more than just 13,000 LSL fans in the world. He, the team, and the games deserve it. Rottenwood has nailed my point. Just because we love Larry, doesn't mean it will market well. *shrug* We'll all come back for #2 and #3 etc, but none of that means they'll make enough profit from the retail sales to fund successive projects. So... why tie the team's hands? Keep these bonuses relevant to this game. I really hope they do a Larry statue, with a Lefty's bar statue and a taxi. I'd definitely buy the whole set :) also could do a "girls of Leisure Suit Larry" statue set. lol and the Larry statue could come with the dog to pee on Larry's shoe. Thanks Rottenwood, found it :) Bobby Allen nabbed it. @Zanytyhos - of course! Check the backlog of comments. did anyone get a pic of the "69 hours to go"? Kickstarter isn't really a useful barometer for what the sales will be like. Most of the consumer base either doesn't know about Kickstarter or don't understand/like how crowdsourcing works. A cult game like Shadowrun will do a mint on here because the core of fans is insanely dedicated, while a mass-market hit might struggle to make a modest goal. You never know. @Laurel, Lets not forget they'll be able to make money off merchandise if/when they can get the stuff released. (i.e. t-shirts, statues, hats, etc). They have a thread about it on the Replay forums in the survey section. <url>"name in the credits" should be lower. I like my name in the credits, and i have often raised my pledge up higher to get it. But 500 is too much. Shame you cant have "Special Thanks" and "Very Special Thanks" >_> @laurel Hopefully they wouldn't have to do future funding drives for the upcoming remakes, as they will still be selling this game through places other than kickstarter and can use profits for making new games. @Joshua Mandel, one way you could do it is to only offer a signature on the actual game box. That would still leave the Art Book (signed hardcover) and the Name in the credits as incentive for the $500 tier w/o compromising it. Sorry, had to redo my pledge down to $15, because I overextended myself(funds are tight for me). But I made it 15.69, so I'm now a member of the Kickstarter 69er's Club! @Joshua Mandel: As someone suggested earlier, make the $500 signature personalized, and the less expensive signature just the name. That seems to be the easiest way to do it! Thanks to you and everyone else at Replay for working so hard on this project! Joined my fellow 69er's by pledging $100.69. I'm a huge Sierra fan and wanted to be a part of bringing back one of my favorite game characters. I even wrote an e-mail to Al several years ago and got a response back (Thanks Al!). Glad to see Larry's back in your hands. We're discussing it as we speak, but we don't want to suddenly devalue the $500 tier! We're talking about what we might be able to do for a $200 tier. Including the other games now might compromise a future funding drive. I hearby propose at $30 tier which would include LSL2 Reloaded. And a $69 tier which includes Larry 2 and 3 Reloaded (plus of course everything from the 40 and 50 dollar tiers). We're down to hours now, very exciting! Any news if the new $150-250 tier for boxes/coasters/whatever signed by Al, Josh & Paul (and any other Sierra veteran who wants to contribute) & personalized autographs for $500+ backers are going to happen? Damn. I really want to see this hit $650 large so that we can get more girls. That's what this game needs. It would be nice to know how much the Paypal is up to? A new location/girl/puzzle set is crucial to this game being a bigger success and shaking off the remake criticisms - both Replay and us Kickstarters need to do what we can to make it happen. Where's Britton with our PayPal report for today? I did just get this e-mail response from a producer at Replay a few minutes ago though for those interested. "We're trying to get a proper tally for people so close to the end. I think we're going to try and have a number update for you guys tomorrow." Hopefully that means Monday morning, so we have a full 48 hours to see what we can do to get to $650k. So excited for this October. Indie Game Lover, chances are it'll be either a CD style jewel case or a DVD case as those are much cheaper to get in bulk and just print and insert than trying to print one of those old school huge boxes. Personally I hope they go for the cheaper route (as long as its not just a paper sleeve), as it will leave more funds available for adding more content. @ Bob Doing that we'd probably risk losing people who signed up at $50 just for the t-shirt. Some might bump up, other would bump down and it probably wouldn't make much difference other than creating furor over them removing something from an already stated pledge level. They are more likely to add items and levels than subtract them. I have a question what kind of box will the box from the 100$ tier have? A big box like the old games used would be nice. I don't watched all the video updates, so I don't know if they anounced something about the box there. Hm, maybe it should be made clear the $50 and $75-tier are digital only, and only at the $100-tier and up, do you get the (physical) t-shirt, besides the one at the $40-tier. At this point, new items are prohibitive, since they're not likely to generate many pledges in this limited time, but they'll have to be given to everyone at that level and aboive. They'll be more of an expense than a help. (I love me some swag, but I'd rather Replay have ample funds to get 'er done.) Our best bet is helping goose a last-minute blitz of new backers (fairly common) and hoping a few big spenders go for the elite prizes. @Tomtom: that could be problematic for the $50 and $75 tiers as they used to be digital-only. Now with the t-shirt addition, international pledgers would suddenly need to add $15 for a t-shirt they may not even want. I agree with Josh. There's no reason for people to blindly pledge more than they can. The best scenario would be having around 2400 new pledgers with average of 44 bucks. That would roughly be enough to get in 650k goal. I just don't know how likely that is. @joseph yep.. higher tiers include the items of lower tiers.. Even the things they added later on (tshirt, wallpapers) This is probably going to seem kind of petty, but since the t-shirt was added later, is it included in the higher level pledges? @riggo69 everybody can make a second 15$ pledge through PayPal and keep their pledge I. Kickstarter as well.. This way you get your 2nd download through the PayPal pledge additionally to the other rewards from your Kickstarter pledge ( they handle it as if two different persons are pledging ) I want to thank everybody who followed us in pledging another 10$ If everybody participates it will be the fastest way to an extra 120000$ and thus reaching the 650k goal.. In fact probably even 669k :-D 10$ is not much but they add up.. At this point, it is better if more people pledge small amounts, rather than a couple of people pledging absurd amounts. That way, the cost is distributed, and no one has to push past their limit. I'd love to double my pledge to $1k, but I'm already stretched thin as it is. I might be willing to join the double-69ers with an amount of $569.69, though. We'll see how close we get towards the end. I did get at least one friend, my dad, and sister (gotta corrupt my nephews, you know) to pledge a little something though. . As to extra signed stuff, I'm all for having a signed box at the $200 tier or something like that. I need to grow man boobs so Al can sign them. @tom Well said! I suggest a digital only collectors thingy that includes some other bonus stuff but NOT anything physical. some time after the $40 shirt. @Josh Mandel.... How about a $35 dollar tier with a 2nd digital download for an additional platform? We need something to motivate the 75% of backers that are $25 dollars or less to move up. Also, it works for those overseas at it remains completely digital. @Nicolas Hennemann : I can live with that @Tom tired of man boobs maybe, but he never, never ever wants to stop signing real boobs haha. @Jordan: Glad to do it. I'm glad it inspired people to add what they could to their pledges. I hope to see a spike these last couple days remaining and hopefully blow past our next goal: $650,000. We can do it! @Josh: Al, tired of signing man boobs? Never! Thanks to the new "regular" at the bar! Great.. so all Paul, Al an Josh need to do is making clear that only thr Kickstarter project ends on May 2nd, but PayPal pledges still work after that including the rewards that go with the tiers.... @Jan Good idea, the PayPal pledging could continue past the May 2nd date until the $650k goal is reached, still giving the awards to those who pledge through there. I'm still crossing my fingers for a surge on Monday and Tuesday though so we have a definite answer in 68 hours. @Stian: I realized that after I posted, but even if you add up the backers who would be eligible for the book, it's still only 131, which is a pretty small number in the scheme of things. And they'd all get a signed box/coaster/whatever is added at the lower tier. Everybody wins! Yes, Paypal pledging should still be possible for a while after the project closes here. That is a good idea. @Nicolas Great idea. I wanted to say that too. Personalized would be great. Shame I can't miss 500 dollar right now. But maybe I'll get that personalized autograph at the LSL2 Kickstarter. Next year 500 dollars should not be a problem. Having being divorced last year even a couple of hundred dollar is quite hard. In idea is to keep advertising in this Kickstarter project (it will be online for a while after the funding date) that there is benefit in pledging through PayPal. That way we could still be able to reach 650K... you guys deserve it to get the most out of this comeback.. am I right or am I right right backers??? @Joshua Mandel A signed boxed version of the game would be beyond marvellous!!! (As would be autographed coasters or whatever else you Sierra veterans would like to sign) PLEEEASE!!!! @Bob Michiels How about this: Those who pledged $500+ get a PERSONALISED autograph, people in the lower autographed tier "only" get the signatures. Please consider that not all fans of LSL and his creators can afford the $500 tier. My guess is that They WILL Add the 650k new content anyway :) well. It will be little more than 80 that get the sign book since we also have 1000$+ tiers that have backers . Or I have misunderstood completely. But, whether or not. It is pretty few people regardles Hi Josh great to get a response, whaha no, no, definitely not my man boobs, LOL. The physical game box, the coasters? Add a new tier? Somewhere tier 150ish / 175ish / 200ish? I would totally love it and be your first backer @ the autograph tier! Well, not necessarily, Bob. The $500 tier gets a book signed. Even if they add another tier for, say, a box to to be signed(this is an easy one, Josh), the book only has 80 backers. So there will only be 80 of those signed books in existence. That's pretty damn exclusive! :) *Note that I have no horse in this race, as I'm tapped out below a hundred dollars. OK, inspired by everyone here and the ringing of the 69th hour, I upped my pledge by $40 from 569.69 to 609.69. Also, I wanted to say -- to whoever that person is at the $10,000 tier -- THANKS!! You're awesome! AND i think that Al and the gang should add to your rewards the following: Any unpledged rewards at the $5,000 and above tiers should go to you as well!! If there's a signed edition of something below the 500$-tier, that would take some of the exclusiveness of those who pledged 500 $ or more away. Being one of that group, I'm no fan of that idea. Hey, Duncan! What should we consider autographing? (And please, nobody run up to Al and rip off their shirt and ask him to sign your breast or man-boob. He's SO tired of that. It happens everywhere!) Upping my pledge by $35, and trying to get the word out wherever I can. Would be nice to get a PayPal update from the crew (last one was almost a whole day ago) to give us a better idea of where we are at and what we have left to accomplish. Hopefully Al and Replay have some ideas for the final two days to drum up last-minute business. Must get to $650k. how I wish by now it's reading $696,969 with 69 hours to go. :( 69 hours to go ;p Just added $10 to my pledge!! :D Do the same if you can afford it! P.S. loved the 24 hour Larry playthrough! Pity we can't automatically add moneys that come from Paypal or elsewhere, it feels like the tally has almost stopped but I'm sure it hasn't XD @Michael Thank you. For a few autographs we could get to 650K. Please respond to this Al, Paul, Josh! Thanks in advance! Timing! Just popped on to take a look and it's 69 hrs hehe <url>"Legend of the Time Star",game looks polished, art looks amazing and the music will send you back to those good old days of side scrolling RPG goodness, please support this little gem if you can or at least check it out! Upped my pledge, It is possible guys.......if we all up our pledge just a little bit. Just wish they had mentioned the new girl content a bit sooner...but I am sure we can do it :D @Words Of Magic: Yeah, I feel a personal duty in this cause as well. The corporate world really gutted Sierra and left it for dead. So it feels rather fitting for the fans to come to the rescue. ;) btw.. I also upped my pledge little bit after the damn cheated project has been revealed by other backers and cancelled. (<url>"include tiers between $250 - $500, $500 - $1,000"? Well, let's have'em! It's now or never! I'm gonna up another $100, anyone else in for upping? I need to see the $650 mark. Come on, whats an extra 10-20 bucks? i meant the pledge total is 565k. I presume the pledge total is 365k right now, including paypal, and at the time of this writing we have 3 days 1 hour 31 minutes left, which means we need less than 30k per day, which might well happen, since most big projects get more than their average in the last days. (the average for this one is a bit less than 20k) Oh, and another 1k-tier occupant has been spotted, after another one (or maybe the same one?) left. Back to only 6 spots left. Thanks Tom Kim your a good bloke! @ Kenny Chik 45k a day(includes 10k already in Pay Pal), suppose it is possible however it is going to be tight also it is worrying as there may be some more big spenders backing out towards the very end. Although must remain positive and continue spreading the word! There's at least $10k to add on to the figure shown here from paypal. This user's account has been deleted. Let's hope to get 100k pledge in coming 3 days! Yeah thx Tom.. Now everybody.. +10$ here or through PayPal.. We can do it.. :-) Thanks for upping your pledge, Bob! So cool of you guys to support this project so passionately. I'll have a few smart ass remarks waiting for you. Cheers! Thank you Tom, for reserving that stool at Lefty's, it was getting mighty empty in there. Throwing all caution into the wind, I'll up my pledge by another 100 $, and doing so make up for 9 other backers who won't be able to bump their pledge by 10 $ for various reasons. Tier-wise, that won't mean a thing, because even though that would mean I'll be at the next tier, that tier has been sold out several weeks ago. I look forward to making rude commands at your avatar, Tom! *Raises glass.* Haha! Thanks for the support and upping your pledges as well! Drinks are on me. I guess I'll bump up another tier since Tom went all in. I've never worked this hard to get someone ELSE laid before! Good choice, Admiral! So now, with the PayPal and Marathon donations factored in, we have over $563K. Only $87K to go. It may be slow, but it keeps climbing. Everybody keep pitching in! ;) Thank you, Tom! You, and Josh's suggestion inspired me to go from 169.69 to 200.69. Still a 69'er! :) I'm also still on the 150 tier, so this is ALL for Larry! Come on, guys! We CAN get to 650K!! Wooohooo thanks Tom! Thanks, Tom. You rock! I just sat down at Lefty's. Wanted to let you guys know that it's legit; I put my name on the bottom of my stool, I'm here to stay. if all the $5 pledgers up to the $15 that'd be another $330 :) It would extremely help if some of the lower levels could pledge 1 level up. Rethink their decision . For me the game is worth more than 5->25 $ :) I previously wrote that I would up my plede from 15$ to 100$ if Replay promised new rooms/location... They did... So my new pledge is now 115$ (international shipping)... I hope that helps for the 650k goal. If anyones interested theres another live stream occuring here. <url>£650k now... Getting close to the 550k mark. Still, I personally should be enough to Larry 1 reloaded on track. I prefer a Larry 1 remake that is true to it's original story line with one or more things that Al Lowe couldn't get into the the original & VGA remake (something about a girl that had to be cut out?). Still I hope that Larry 2 & 3 get a re-look for a possible update (especially Larry 2, one of my favorites). I've already pledged $269.69 through kickstarter then I did another $69.69 yesterday through paypal. I think it's okay to break the code of the 69er for the sake of the project. Just make sure it ends in .69. Yeah, I suspect more than a few of the 69-ers would be hesitant to bump up their pledge for that same reason. The question on my mind is this: Which do you value more? Being in the 69.69 rather than the 0.69 bracket, or having that much more Larry goodness? This user's account has been deleted. @josh ols: I'm on board, raised mine by $19 bucks just now. :) @Josh: will do that.. $10 up in a moment! I wonder if anyone has anything valuable or rare enough to donate to replay games inc for the cause. The more expensive tiers included (50,000 tier included if no one has gone those). To make them more appealing. Y'know what? I think it is worth a try. I just added $10 to my pledge. Is anyone else going to step up and see if we can make this happen? ;) Yeah, the version we are going to get won't bet 1:1 remake of the original. New jokes and feedback is already secured with the current funding., so the experience should be more different than just an overhaul of graphics, voices and music. I'm sure that even if the 650k goal isn't reached the whole team will try their hardest to incorporate as much content as possible, maybe even adding new locations and a new girl. They want to do it as much as we do. Of course more money would be good and would provide more of a guarantee regarding the second goal, but let's stay optimistic and hope we will reach 650K. The only way we could hit that milestone at this point is if everyone, and I do mean EVERYONE, added another $10 to their pledge. Considering how many people have already promised to their limit, that seems like a bit of a stretch. Well, I'm sure these extra goals are not set in stone. We've hit 550k so we're getting a much more expanded game already - every additional cent that's added to the final tally is still going to count for making the game a little bit longer! :3 Guess we will only be seeing a 100% remake then no new girl or location :(.......100k in 3 days needed 550K has been reached, yes. Last tally I heard from Paul Trowe was Saturday afternoon - over 10K. 650 would need one helluva boost. 100k in three days is doable, but I don't see that happening. With whatever's in paypal, I gather the $550,000 goal has been reached! $600,000 is do-able, but I think it'll fall short of 650. Al is back, burning the mid-night oil! <url>"Chat" up top and get away from the "Social Stream" link. Nobody will be able to see your comments in the chat room. They are both up what's going on ? both up ? YAY ! :D The Twitch one is back up. <url>"Chat" up top and get away from the "Social Stream" link. Nobody will be able to see your comments in the chat room. Yay! <url>﻿ far most sites i sign up for make me wait a few hours for channel activation.. ugh move it to livestream... we wanna see this marathon happen. rebel-phoenix played those games on livestream. I was watching when it got shut down, really sucks. I'm checking back here hoping to find a new location for the stream. yes, please move it. I didnt even get a chance to see it before I woke up *is australian Ugh, I can't believe I missed this before twitch shut it down. Please move it to livestream so that it can be continued! John I thought you did a great job this morning, that sucks you got shut down. Thank you Al and Paul for getting on it was really cool too chat with both of you. What bullshit is this Twitch, I've seen others play Leisure suit Larry on your damn site before without any problems. Damn this website, I hate it when one idiot ruins the fun for everyone by reporting something just because that idiot didn't like what was going on. you know, that livestream was a REALLY smart thing to do. Shame it got pulled, I hope that he finds somewhere else to host it. But really, all you have to do is play games, and then you get a signed edition personally thanks to other people? smart guy. is rebel-phoenix still up..... he can stream. hes a good player total was <url>"above". Very strange :/ Maybe the mere thought of porn is forbidden on TwitchTV. They are probably twitching in bed right now. It's really disgusting that twitch.tv has cut the line. Anyway. Thanks alot John for your effort. Give him a hand. Now I really feel the urge to dig out those dusty copies and play since I've been denied the vicarious thrill of watching someone else do it. And I didn't even get to see the piranha scene. :( Or the kumquat joke. Or a million other bits of which I have fond memories. I suppose he should have gone for a more playthrough-friendly service. :( What a letdown.. Mayby they should try livestream instead? Why did it get pulled down? What a disappointment. Twitch.tv is a joke! @yuri britton mathews also posts updates on PayPal here from time to time @duncan yeah we gotta find him.. The prospect of new location & new girl is to tempting.. That sucks what a morons @ TwitchTV Yep it says: This channel had been closed Browse Games The community has closed this channel due to terms of service violations. It looks like the marathon just got pulled down... Hi! LSL1 1987 release was my first adventure game ever! Oh please, I hope it'll be released with extra content, to make it a new experience and an opportunity to relive my youth :-). Just raised my pledge to $300 - maybe it'll become higher. I send the best wishes to Al, Josh and the whole Replay Team from Austria - best luck in creating a new milestone. Niki @Yuri Josh stated them in the comments of the 18th update! @tomtom 696969,69 would be freaking epic bro's... there must be one Larry player who has to be a freaking mil-bil-trillionair but we haven't found him or her yet. How do you know the paypal numbers?? Thank you very much Rottenwood! Glad to be too! I hope we can get some more media coverage. Like Forbes. There should be 12000 backers in my home town Hilversum in Holland only. So were the beep beep beep is everybody! . I really want my Reloaded HD Onklonk in Leisure Suit Larry is looking for Love (In Several Wrong Places) Reloaded! Man I must have died a gazillion times in that original game, one thing I am not thankful for Al. SAVE and SAVE often. @jeff welcome as well.. And thank you :) Missed the verb.. That was going to say.. Thank you for helping to reach.. Oh my... Greetings from Germany, we are big fans of your adventures. I'm glad that you've started the project and bring Larry back. Keep going, you have fans all over the world. @Duncan welcome.. As you might know you are now officially cool :-D And thank you for reaching our next goal of 669k or was it 650k ;-) Welcome aboard, Duncan! Hello all! FINALLY!! My credit card arrived! So now I'm a backer @115.69. Yes, I joined the legendary 69'ers. Let's keep this up. As I already told Al, when I was 11/12ish I played the game without ever paying for it. Well now it's time for a little positive payback! I will back all Leisure Suit Larry Reloaded versions and be happy to bump to a decent amount of money when LSL4 is made or LSL8. I hope it will be 8 because the true story behind 4 is so cool and I again love the honesty of mister Al Lowe. He was clueless on where to go after part 3, hilarious and so completely, utterly understandable. I mailed Al as I did a couple of years ago last week and those experiences were great. Always a laugh and always an answer (well he hasn't answered my last e-mail but he is out off retirement right! Lol.) I learned English (Dutch myself) because of Sierra and Al, Ken, Roberta and yes even you Paul T.... if not for you Paul... driven, great, enthusiastic, nostalgic beta tester... we would not even be here! I might bump to 169,69 but 40+ euro's for a shot glass and a few coasters...nah.. dunno... IF in the last second my 50 dollars is going to breach 650.000 you'll get them. Lots and lost of love to Al, Paul, Josh, Sabine and the rest of the team at Replay Games and all the folks @ Adventure Mob and to Ken en (Ro)Berta. Let's make this something to never forget and corrupt a whole new generation with Larry. LLLLLR here we come! Duncan Sluijter The Netherlands Another $4,300 plus the PayPal contributions, and we will break the next milestone. :D I just decided to say screw it, going to get a shot glass, and join the .69'ers as well. Just raised my pledge from 25.69 to 115.69. I was actually just interested in downloading the game + music score but then... well... I really did have a good time with Larry as a teenager, so I guess it's worth it. Mr. Al Lowe is in the chat room! 14 hour Leisure Suit Larry marathon, check it out: <url>"Counter" or alike on the "Project Home" page, so "swinging" Backers would realize this project is moving forward.... Not often I get to spend a day switching between fundraising, playoff hockey, baseball, a Larry marathon, and building a bookcase. Plus, beer! Life is good. Hey Everyone, here is your current Paypal update. Current as of right now: $6,046.55 Maybe we'll be lucky and most of the people pulling their pledges are doing like P2082 and just moving them to PayPal. We can but hope. :( @Kieron: I believe the Paypal pledges and Kickstarter pledges all go into the same "pot" so to speak. This will blow your mind ! <url>#6 of of RetroRewind on LSL done today. Thought I would, but been far too busy. The wife and I leave on our anniversary trip tomorrow morning and that takes monumental priority. However, she, being the amazing, wonderful woman she is, has offered to drive the last hour of the trip so I can finish the article and get it uploaded. So tomorrow issue # 6 out. #7 will also make an appearance in the next 2-3 days. Thanks for your readership! :) @Mike Haley: Joined the Steam group. For any of you insomniacs that want to watch someone play Love For Sail here ya go I'm back: <url>"that other guy" or run him over with a bus or freeze him in carbonite...really I can think of about 1000 ways to kill "that other guy". That imposter should be wiped from the face of the earth and flushed like any other pile of .... refuse down a swirling receptacle. @Rottenwood I'm going to be travelling tomorrow, thus I won't be able to watch @John K Arpin's fundraiser, but even I would donate to the cause of getting him to stop playing BOB. its a shame that there is most likely no way to reach the 250k in 4 days... @John - maybe you can play Box Office Bust instead and see if people will raise money to get you to stop. Woo! Already have some donations for tomorrows fundraiser! You guys rock!!! This is gonna be a blast! no. i think the original was way too short for todays standards. so i'd prefer a version with more jokes, more dialogue and rooms and puzzles and so on.... i'd like to see the old version too, but that feature stands far behind an even more solid relaunch of the franchise. Thats what Id say put the extra money towards, forget new content, let us be able to enjoy the old stuff too :D You cant just build a wrapper running around the existing game? That sucks :( @Jared Michael: Several people have brought this up. Unfortunately, it's not really feasible. Al stated in an interview with Game On!(<url>"flushed" in Sierra's "death spiral". So to do what LucasArts(who have all the source code for all their games, I presume) did, the game would basically have to be animated and coded twice(three times if the VGA version is brought into it). That would not only be a large amount of work, but it would cost money that could otherwise be spent on new content. The suggestion is cool, though. as soon as I saw this the first thing I said was "shut up and take my money!" :) Glad to be a backer! C'mon Laffer, grab your suit and hit the road again!!! Al and Paul! I emplore you to add the kind of functionality we saw in the re-make of monkey island 1 + 2, where if you push f10 key, the graphics/sound switch back to the original, so we can see how it used to look! This was the COOLEST feature I had ever seen. Every single scene, when replaying monkey island 1+2, first thing Id do was hit the f10 key and see what it used to look like! This brought so much nostalgia! And even better for people who never played the original so they could see what it used to look like! According to Paul Trowe's newest update, Josh Mandel will be posting an update tonight that will outline what we can expect if we reach our financial goals. I'm looking forward to this one! And don't forge to vote <url>"swag shop". But there's no guaranteeing what might be in there(extra t-shirts, the boxed game, etc), IF it happens. I suspect even if they do open an online store, many of the items here will remain Kickstarter reward exclusives. This user's account has been deleted. On the subject of pulled pledges. It's really a fickle matter and hard to know what exactly is going on. It's also a comfort that we're pretty well over the goal. I can definitely see "griefing" or "trolling" in this manner being commonplace in the not too distant future. At this moment I can't think of a non-invasive way of making it more difficult or undesirable to prevent this without impeding on the current process. And god forbid if any of these "hyped" projects have trouble, Kickstarter could attract undesirables. There's already some animosity that exists among people that have no desire to support certain projects, but act in the manner that such and such project is ruining things for them in some way. Another way to look at it is that those pledges can also encourage newcomers to pledge and reaching milestones that increase pledging. Like getting faster to each 100k, or 50% or fully funded, etc. But that's a rather exploitative nature, that may do more harm than good especially in later stages of fund raising. So the lithographs, are they supposed to be the original artwork of the "rooms"/environment panes in the new larry game? Or are they drawings of Larry characters? @pedasn: Nein - I´m sorry, must have missed that one, thanks for the heads up ;) Oh, and greetings from DK by the way ;) In my opinion, pledges should be payed immediately. When a person have pledged, it should only be possible to lower or withdraw that pledge for 1 or max 3 days, then after those days it shouldn´t be possible anymore. Are they gonna sell the physical game and game box when it's released? Or is it special for kickstarter? What about the collector's edition? I just pledged a bit of money to support the Leisure Suit Larry cause. No offense, but I think I would be more into the game if Larry was actually cool! This is my first kickstarter pledge... I put up my thoughts about Larry on my blog: <url>´s a site like that for games ? @Krid. I don't disagree. For every person that has a legitimate reason for pulling out or lowering their pledge, there will always be a troll who likes to bid high, and then troll faces and withdraws in the end. This is why, for whatever reason, it's better to have the total be past the minimum goal. That way, troll or not, a few withdrawn pledges will not stop the project. It would be good to know on May 2nd how much they got from paypal donations ? One of the 1k-tier seems to have left its premises too. Reviews have their place. After all, trailer, commercial, what the developer or movie producer says, etc. is one thing. But, especially for games which are typically more expensive than the average ticket price, what the actual product turns out could be something entirely different. But you have to keep in mind, that reviews are just someone's opinion. Sometimes, a feature that a reviewer rates down negatively, you might actually like instead. Or a review is glowing and says it's great, but are stuff you don't care for. So I say, nothing wrong with reading reviews, but don't simply take their word for it. I am fairly certain that they are fake pledges going around. @Serena Nelson: It´s always a good thing to read reviews of games, or movies for that matter. Previews and even trailers can sometimes be deceiving and misleading. The marketing departments are really good at knowing exactly what people would like to see, and that´s why trailers are made up of fast changing scenes with supporting soundfx, speech. Only to create attention and wet peoples appetites for more. I can´t tell you how many times I´ve been mislead by movie or game-trailers. :/ @Krid. Well I wouldn't conclude they are fake right off the bat. As Christopher mentioned before, it could be someone that got excited about the LSL Kickstarter, bid $5000 right out the bat, but realized he couldn't actually afford it and had to withdrawal. That being said, it is a little odd that the ones that pull out seem to be at the Lefty's bar stool level. Still, as long as the total is past $500,000, we should be good with, at least the bare minimum of it being funded. Sad but there is a lot of fake bidding/pledging going on here. Hey, another Lefty bar stool opened up :( Those seats must be uncomfortable! I'm excited to see if this speeds up on the last days, like other campaigns have done. facepalm to myself - i should read my posts before i hit enter. kickstarter gets me so excited, i misspell every post i make. reviews are always good for a couple of reasons. 1. Its the "mini game" of the gaming industrie. Looking at scores. 2. I want to know what other people think about the game i'm totally certain i'm going to buy. (can't wait for the scores on this one, and then cheering for it or defending it - all by the rules of the pirate duel code) 3. If i have never heard of a game, but it somehow catches my interest because it covers a certain genre with a certain setting, i can get a got impression of the game at from review-sites i know. (but even with low critics its worth checking out a game if it tickles your little gamer) ------------- 69ers rule ------------- Yeah. getting $750,000 in 4 days is a bit of a stretch. Not impossible. But, especially since they have yet to say what would be in it if it hits that goal, probably not going to happen. I'm just happy that it hits its goal. As for reviews? I read them. But I don't necessarily follow them. Though ironically, the perfect or near perfect scores I ignore more than the low ones. Low ones I'd like to see why it scored low before deciding to buy something. If the reasons sound valid, maybe I'll hold off until purchasing it. Perfect and near perfect scores? Just because a reviewer thought it was the greatest game in history, doesn't mean it is. Or, like an FPS game, a game that I'm personally interested it. Reviews... I stop reading them when they are comparing something against a black and White movie from a milenium ago :) 750.000$ is a daytime dream right now but ok, the >500.000$ will cover the production cost and hopefully the game will sell much more when it comes out (especially if it is top notch) so please team put your best into it regardless the initial funding.... The funding has slowed waaaaay down. Hoping the new paypal link is to "blame" for that. @Bob Michiels: That's what I look for in reviews, too. I want to know what the game is about...just the facts. I don't care what they think about it. Screenshots and videos also help a lot in my decision making process. In fact, I almost never look at the actual scores. It's all about the OBJECTIVE and never about the SUBJECTIVE. I have bought certain games because of a review, even though the review itself wasn't very positive. I don't look at the ending score, but I read the actual text of the review, since what I'm looking for does not necessarily correlate with what the reviewer is looking for. @Nalis, the only reason I didn't vote for the Linux version (and instead more content) was because this is just an initial launch. If things go well, I have little doubt they would be able to take the profits from the game to create a Linux version, console version, or even translations. I might be wrong about it, but it seems reasonable to me. :) @Alejandro Benvenuto, I think Al Lowe said all the original art was lost, so it would have to be recreated if that was the case. I did like that feature in the Secret of Monkey Island, but it might not be possible here: especially with only 500k. If someone, read this at all, I propose that no matter what the final product will be, It will include as an "eastern egg" the posibilty to transform the game on to the original graphics arts, also as an additional egg and uncensored, raw version of wherever comes out. Good "Lick" to all, especially to the Great AL LOWE! @Nails: And this really goes together with the $$$ on the PayPal account - hopefully it is climbing there ... 750k does sound too high a goal... Not that it might not possibly be reached (it might, but not easily), but I was all about the second-most-voted-feature (Linux version; as I have no MS-windows nor do I intent to get one), and at this rate it seems very unlikely it will happen. :-( And not being able to play it would totally suck. Now, it that 750k also included Linux version, I'd help push for that I usually pick a reviewer I trust and pay attention to those. For other reviews and Metacritic I use it like a weather report. If its says there is a high chance of rain, I watch the sky and carry an umbrella; however, it does not keep me from leaving the house without first hand experience. Movie, book, game, whatever - when I read reviews, I'm looking for balance and honesty. This means I tend to ignore the extreme reviewers on both sides. A review that says "This game was the most awesomest game ever, the graphics were awesome, the sound was awesome and the awesomeness was awesome" is as useless as one that says "Me no like game, make head hurt, me want game with more blood and body parts and can shoot girls in head after make sex". Like Serena, reviews won't prevent me from buying a game I'm interested in, but they have convinced me to buy one I may have overlooked otherwise. @Serena - I agree. Normally I just ignore reviews. I've bought games before because a review said it was good only to be seriously disappointed. I've also passed up a game before because the review said it wasn't any good, then played it years later and loved it. you can't really trust reviews, sometimes big company X pays, or threatens, to get a good review. Other times Reviewers base their decision on how big of a kickback small company Y is willing to give. I think that's part of the reason, until recently, indie developers have had such a hard time getting into the market. Now a days they can do their own advertising via the net where in the past they needed magazines and reviews to spread the word. To those talking about metacritic scores, while I do read the reviews, I rarely ever use them to base a decision on whether I get them or not. There have been exceptions, but for the most part I don't care if they love or hate it. If it's something that has gotten my attention I'll most likely get it. That's not to say that lots of people don't base their purchasing decisions on "professional" or "expert" reviews, but I personally think that it shouldn't have a major impact on it. I look at peer reviews even less. @Zircon: Thanks. I sent a msg to Replay asking for that feature, having these numbers as a TOTAL with the KickStarter may rise the motivation for "waiting" Backers... @Guybrush: Not unless Replay posts a running tally somewhere, like the forums, no. I am sure someone already asked, question if someone already got feedback? I am sure extra Backers and $$$ have been pilled up via PayPal. Is there a way for us Backers to c the numbers? I think the guys at Replay have been harvesting all the good ideas that we´ve come up with already, I wouldn´t be surprised if they made a commentary track along with the game. But I think they are doing first things first, then if they get enough donations they´ll add all the extras, including the commentary track. @Rotenwood and @Joseph - You both make good points. Based on the marketing courses I've taken in the distant past there are a couple scenarios. You have leaders and early adopters who pick something up before it's "cool". Then followers and the media pick up the trend and throws they personal bias and spin onto a project, which then determines whether late comers will pick up the trend. The leaders and early adopters set the mood for a trend, they can have both a positive and negative effect. The media will take that mood and amplify it. The media LOVES extremes, epically when negative. Upsetting people is the best way to keep them coming back for more news. If the game isn't picked up by the media and "advertised" to the followers, chances are not very many copies are going to sell, which is going to hurt the chances of more games being remade. I'm not sure if this suggestion has been made already: How about adding a commentary track to the game, featuring Al, Josh, and Paul? I hope we get the Fireside chat part 3 today :) @Joseph - word of mouth can't really shape the MetaCritic score; those reviews are on the Web before the game has even hit the streets. Sure, the user score may differ, but trust me, I've been in the GameSpot/GameFAQs trenches - you can't swing a dead cat without hitting 37 posts that say "I'm waiting for the reviews!" or "shame about the reviews; I was thinking of buying it." As for ME3, well, that's something of a unique case. Professional critics are... *searches for polite euphemism*.... more artistically inclined than the average fanboy, and more willing to accept a corkscrew finale. They're also less likely to judge a 90-hour experience by the final 20 minutes. I don't think reviews are the be-all and end-all or anything, but they're important to pegging the gaming literati - the exact sort of people with the open minds and patience for puzzles that Replay Games will need when this game hits the digital shelves. And at the end of the day, a critic is just doing their job if they wonder if a remake is necessary without noteworthy new content. The VGA Edition of LSL1 is certainly dated, but it's entirely playable and undoubtedly splattered all over the Internet. @Rottenwood I disagree. Word of mouth shapes MetaCritic, not the other way around. The user's consensus of a game can still function independently from the gaming press. Look at the debacle involving the ending to Mass Effect 3. Not one major review of that game in the press made any mention of the ending and yet that's the first thing you think of when someone mentions that game. I do agree that Replay's marketing DOES need to keep up with the times and that's why the game is going to be sold through Steam and the iOS platforms where I truly believe the game will go gangbusters (with the added influence of good feedback from the gamers themselves). And If some reviewer wishes to make an example out of this game when it's released; I say 'go nuts' because the readers will clearly see the problem lies with the reviewer and not the game. Heck, this project got some negative press but we still pulled through! :P @Jonas - oh, I don't think (or expect) Larry will be a blockbuster hit, nor do I think this is a profit-driven enterprise. The 'labor of love' aspect is what makes Kickstarter so intriguing to begin with. But if we want a handful of Larry remakes and a big new game, Larry has to cross over to a larger audience to some degree. Remember, there are two non-Lowe games out there that left a foul odor in the marketplace - good press is essential to showing the gaming world that those days are over. @Rottenwood Well said ! I agree that Larry needs more staying power.. But I'm confident that Al, Josh, Paul and everyone else involved knows what's at stake and how important this Reloaded version will be for the long-term success of the whole project (remake old games and create new ones). I'm sure it'll be longer and harder and really hiLARRYous ;-D @Joseph Pantaleo - to be fair, that LSL7 review was from a thousand years ago when that site was still wild and untamed. For better or worse, word of mouth is greatly shaped by MetaCritic these days - it's not the same environment that ol' Larry grew up in. Larry may be wonderfully out-of-touch, but the marketing of the franchise has to keep up with the times. Games don't get six months anymore to build a groundswell before they get resigned to the bargain bin. Oh, and for what it's worth, I thought you were great on The Sopranos. Good to see that Al is sharing sharing some of his memories about the first Larry. Getting a virus into wall street? The polyester prince's gotten into trouble without even trying! I've just finished the CD talkie version of Larry 6 a few mins ago. One of the hardest Larry games to go throu. You always have to take a good look around room per room to see if you miss anything. Still, the CD Larry 6 brings more life into the game (especially Jan Rabson voice of the man himself). It's good to see that his voicing Larry again. @Rottenwood That's partly true. But if they would want to make a million seller I think they should make a 3d shooter. Has any adventure game got good reviews on metacritic? The thing is that although great adventure games have been published in the last ten years, not many (any?) have sold really well and not many (any?) have received good reviews (naturally there are the dedicated sites that specialize in adventure games). Like somebody said, it isn't sexy to be a point and click game today. That has nothing to do with the quality of the game, it's just that people think that that is an archaic (old) type of gaming. That same somebody said that he thinks adventure games haven't evolved over the years. And in a way that is true. But that is just the thing we genre fans want from our adventure games: you have puzzles, a good story and you try to click everything etc. Anyway, I just think that if you make adventure games today you can't wait for them to sell millions. But the real question is, do you need them to sell that much? Or is it enough to sell the game to, lets say 200 000 people? Is makin a new Larry game more like trying to make a million seller or like doing a fan service? Or better worded, what is the aim of Al and co? @Rottenwood; F@#% Metacritic. Larry's reputation has always been built around word of mouth anyway. Just look at Gamespot's review of Leisure Suit Larry 7: <url>"perceived value" - that bizzaro metric consumers use to determine whether a game has enough content to warrant a purchase. While it's awesome that you want to please us die-hards, let's be real: you already got us. It's more important that this game be a crossover success for both your company and the brand. The best way to achieve that is with more areas/girls/content. People are gonna say: "12 rooms for $15? LOLZ!" or "this game is only like two hours long!" We can argue all day about how facetious and myopic these criticisms are, but like it or not, they'll be out there. And if you want Larry to finally have staying power, you gotta ward them off. I'm pretty sure the amount of narration will be increased in Larry1 no matter what the final sum will be. It's easier, and cheaper, to add more jokes in the existing model than to create entirely new areas and characters to do that. Totally agree! More of Josh's narration/banter (when interacting with rooms/people/inventory) should be a must have!! This would be a great incentive to help reach the next milestone, i could imagine giving the glass of Whisky to the dog and getting a message like "You're one sick, Puppy!" :D i seriously can't wait. i'd love to have this on android too and have it on my phone. cut us a discount if we're early backers? Oh yeah, that sounds really cool and brings back happy memories! Combining stuff incorrectly in modern games just gets the same response "I don't think so" or something... Err, it was Josh's video that mentioned it, I think. I just paused the fireside chat video to type the comment, and old white guys and all that. I upped my pledge by $200. For what it's worth, rather than "new characters" or new puzzles or whatever, I'd much, much, much rather have more narration or banter like Paul discussed in his first video. Where if you try to interact with things in just about any imaginable way, there's a line for it - that's something I absolutely loved and gives the game way higher replay value than some big new item. A new character or puzzle you can just zip right past from memory once you've gone through it before. But more new quips for trying to combine items, use items in ridiculous fashions, etc - that's something that will really give the game lasting value due to the breadth of content to be discovered. @billion dollar baby, agreed *cough*masseffect3ending*cough* @Joseph: Adding new content towards the end of development would be a very bad idea. You need a full concept before actually developing anything. If you start adding new content towards the end, the result will be incoherent. Is there somewhere people can see how much has come in thru paypal? Would be nice to know what the total amount pledged is. @Joshua Silverman/Joseph Pantaleo: This would be an excellent question for the forums! forums.replaygamesinc.com Great, you have my 25 $ I'm pretty sure that even though it doesn't directly affect Kickstarter it's still tied into it in some way. Correct me if I'm wrong. Just wondering, will the PayPal donations stay up after this Kickstarter is finished? It seems like that would be a good way to reach that 750k goal since the new content would probably be added towards the end of the game's development? I have, an idea for Leisure Suit Larry 9. Yes I know we'll have to make it through remakes of all the original Leisure Suit Larry games as well as Leisure Suit Larry 8: Lust in Space, but that doesn't stop me from envisioning LSL9. I wrote up more on the forums at: <url>"This feels familar...almost like deja vu. Hmmm." Josh, you can use that one free of charge. :-D Since you will be adding new content to this game, and considering Larry was a character that was aware of him being a videogame character, don't you think it would be funny to make him aware that he is playing a remake and put some additional dialog of him being cranky for reliving the same day for a third time instead of having a new adventure. Ah, okay...I figured later it MUST'VE been! Joshua: It was a joke - a tasteless one BTW GFWL? Forget that! You guys should make Larry Reloaded an Origin exclusive! :P TROLOLOLOL @ GFWL Rafael, I *hope* you're joking! Those were rip-offs of Larry, and Al had nothing to do with them. So Al, any chance we're seeing a remake of your even more popular games Les Manley: Search for the King and Les Manley: Lost in LA? Also, it would be awesome if LSL were to be released exclusively on GFWL Thanks for Part 2! Really enjoyed Fireside Chat 1 Any chance for a complete HD Blast from the Past...err, I mean Fireside Chat to be released for download? Seriously good stuff there. Well, technically if they provide you a 1920x1080 you already have all lower resolution versions at your disposal. Any wallpaper file they could provide you in addition would either be the same 1920x1080 wallpaper, only stretched to the specified desktop size (as your operating system could do when setting the wallpaper) or cropped (so some of the wallpaper is not visible / removed from the image, thus making the image/"resolution" smaller). Pretty sure you're all good mate :) With the first reward tier of 5$, can you offer more than 1 size wallpapers? Some of us don't have 1920 x 1080 screens, like me, I still use 1680 x 1050. And I know some other screen sizes are popular too. Heck some people might even still have 1024 x 768! @Jesper I want one too!! @Jani see if you can get her to pose semi-clad to model for a game character :D @michael don't worry.. I'm sure they will.. I can't imagine the al lowe would allow ;) them to release a game that's half-baked.. Everybody keep positive.. We will reach 696,969 :-) Hey bob great to see..well..read you again.. Regarding stretching one's finances.. I think if you start a mortician's business one could earn quite a bit cause I'm sure there will be some dead husbands when the payments for those pledges are due.. :-D LOL Another option is being a lawyer.. ;-) I wonder if we will get at least SOME of the promised features for the $750.000 level if we make it, for example, to $650.000. Because, let's face it, it is nearly impossible to reach the $750.000. Gaining 50% in the last six days is not a reasonable goal IMHO. @arf: the .69-movement WILL get a remembrance plaque in Leftys. To join the double 69-group I REALLY have to stretch my finances, and I agree with Tomtom's comment on that one, it's because of all the support this idea has been garnering. Don't think of it as an attack, think of it as a complaint which you may or may lend ears to or, if your are feeling really positive, a point of view to pay attention to and do a self check up (not you in particular, anyone) just to see if you are not too enthralled in these virtual thingy and letting your inner child cross the line one step too many. I was just venting out cause, unlike you, I don't think those comments are well funded at all, I read them as whiny and silly and they annoy the heck out of me. But then again, I don't know how old these backers are, maybe their age justifies them. In fact, you know what? Don't listen to me, just carry on, as I said, at the end of the day, I'm just another stranger on the internet whose opinions don't really matter. @arf and thx :) By the way you had a question for Paul Trowe.. If I were you I'd send him a message.. He is great and you actually do get an answer.. isn't that unbelievably awesome :-D @fernando45 No need for attacks. So far most comments due to the matter of goals are well founded and constructively criticized. And that is something that is good to see. I'm a huge Sierra and Larry fan and I don't know how to feel about the new milestone, but I'm so psyched about this Kickstarter and Larry coming back. I wish it well. @arf well having already pledged the maximum amount I have available at the moment, it was the best I could do.. And that's because all of you.. Remember if we stand together we can achieve everything.. Alone it was just a silly idea but with the help of all the 68ers erm 69ers that participated this thing gained momentum.. Let's keep it up.. Let's push a little harder ;-D @Tomtom I was cool before too :-) but as you say now it's official (or it will be if we get a remembrance plaque on Leftys). Anyway you had a great silly idea with this 69 movement, cred to you. I wonder how many $$$ has been added to this campaign because of it. A good amount, I believe, which helped to reach the goal. @arf welcome to the club.. Now you're officially cool and all that.. ;-) A question to Paul T: Have you considered giving us backers a discount on new versions/remakes of LSL that your team hopefully will do in the near future? I do not know if that is even technically possible, but it would be nice. Anyway thanks for assembling such a team and making us dream. I think we can reach 696,969 :) Keep positive.. Keep spreading the word.. And if it's possible bump up your pledge.. The rewards are a one time in life opportunity.. And remember we're part of history.. We help Larry get an erect..erm.. We help re-erecting Larry ;-D Any plans to release the "Larry Suit with gold medallion" t-shirt design? I just need one of those :-) I must say, I think a lot of people here are just childish. those comments saying "I need smaller goals" mean nothing, There's a goal and it can be met or not, period! Stop your whining! They'll get more content into the game and that's it. don't ask how much. Go have a life and get back when kickstarter's campaign is over, heck, even when the game's out, so you are not obsessed trying to squeeze every bit of information out of the team! Let them do their thing! The other ones saying "come on, give us an update, encourage us Al!!!" You aren't motivated by the sole idea of larry getting back? What are you, eight that you need Al to tell you what a great little pledger you are? Gosh, they get on my nerves. I upped my pledge to $69.69, seemed like fun to be part of the 69:ers club... You never know, my marathon may rake in all kinds of cash for this project, I may make as much as $10 for this project! I laugh at the $750k. Ha Ha I'll say to it, as we zip on by it! I also think that 750k might be just a tad on the high side of expectations. That's not to say that I don't think it will happen...I'm really hoping that we reach that milestone. However, more like having a goal every 100k from this point out would be more acceptable to some people rather than a 250k-500k jump. Personally, I'm just happy that it's been funded. Anything extra is just icing on the cake. we will get those 750K.... the gaming gods will be with us My favorite was larry 6, but I guess it's because it was my first adventure game ever. Seven really took the cake too though @Frederic Hamra: Between some late surges here and PayPal donations(which aren't tallied here, but they are now accepting), I think we can get *close* to 750K, or maybe even get there. It's not impossible. And it's hard to fault them for wanting as big a budget as possible, so they can make as good a game as possible. Especially when a chunk of the 500K we've now surpassed is going to funding the cost of/shipping of rewards. Think positive, people! @ Phiippe Raskin - i agree it took so much effort to get there ....and then once we reached it felt like they just wanted more - 750K come on ...it is not feasible @Philippe Well, they changed the 1 million goal on the front page and put 750k. But what we need are smaller goals. It doesn't have to be much. Nobody expects a lot of new content for 550k for example, that would be unrealistic, but it can be something quite small. When that small goal is met it creates enthusiasm and a sense of achievement. It certainly can't harm the project. Just read the Mental Floss article. That brings back so many good memories. I remember reading something similar back in the early 90s. I think it was in one of the King's Quest books (Official Book of King's Quest or something like that). I couldn't let the top comment be a negative one, so I'm posting this nonsense just to bury it :P I must say I have a bit the same feeling as you tinapple69 : Alright , after reading the update I have to say I'm disappointed. 1 million is not gonna happen and 750k seems very unlikely. Please put out some reasonable goals. Next one should be at 550K, then 600K and so forth to give us something to look forward to. The way the update is worded it appears like we don't get anything new unless we hit 750K. It kind of kills my enthusiasm and I'm sure others feel the same way. The second part of the fireside chat is back up and in better quality: <url>"maybe" Guys from Andromeda Kickstarter..... if someones looking for good games, they can check out the kickstarter for NEKRO right now. Larry is back, and i hope adventure-gaming as a genre will become an admired artform again (also humor in games). Why is part 2 of the chat on youtube a private video?? @Hakkar - Jane Jensen's not bringing back Gabriel Knight this time around, but one of her company's ambitions is to secure the rights from Activision and continue the series. So that's another one we may see again. In the meantime she's doing a kickstarter for a new point/click adventure called Moebius. :) I had the hint books for LSL1-3, KQ1-3, SQ1, and Colonel's Bequest. That's how I found out about the "cheat" on bypassing the age quiz in LSL1 and how to get through the jungle in LSL3 among other things. I wonder if I still have those old books. Probably good incentive to do some cleaning. :P Riggo69, many thanks for that Mental Floss link! Mental Floss is just about my favorite magazine these days, but I rarely check in on their website. YES!!! We made Larry come again! Hopefully this is indeed the start of a new era of reviving old school adventure games! Now where can I pledge for the return of Sonny Bonds and Roger Wilco :-) Also want to point out to the Tex Murphy fans that May 15th a kickstarter campaign will start to bring him back once more... I still cannot imagine Sierra and (hopefully) Access adventure games coming back to life, but it's going to be a great time for sure! I cheated on the King's Quest V desert "maze"... something with an old shoe.. for the rest I used a walkthrough on LSL7 to be able to play on the craps table... eat beans first and then fart.. remember that my computer locked up at that point and had to install a patch to prevent that. Maybe a smell protection for the CPU? ;-) Part 2 of the Forbes article is up: <url>"cheat" on the old EGA Sierra games though. I don't know how I figured this one out, but if I was stuck, I would quit the game, then launch debug, and dump the computer memory. After a bit you could see text from the game of things that you could have possible typed at the time. Being stuck in Space Quest 2 for example in the dark. I remember seeing the text "The gem is already in your mouth" so I then typed put Gem in mouth. I remember doing that on Kings Quest, and also on LSL 1 to figure out how to get the "Nish FL" I doubt I'll be able to do that again, but who knows, maybe it is possible :) I also hope we still get regular updates as time goes by! @jester... LOL... Very bad visual there. Sierra revival gets a mention in an article on Mental_Floss <url>"NO! Don't forget the panty hose!" in context. @Rottenwood oh don't worry I plan to, I haven't played parts 2-6 in years so I'm very rusty and expect quite a few deaths, and will be taking hints/suggestions from the audience at many of my stuck stages. @John K. Arpin - just one humble request - save early and often so we can witness all the hilarious death scenes. I have to admit, this has been the coolest moment during this whole Kickstarter craze: <url>"He's Back!" before in homage to that scene, then realised nobody in the room would have played LSL XD Since I been a LSL fan before my teen years ( My loving mother would let me play my dad's copy when he went to work. I ended up beating all the LSL games before my dad even finished the first one!) And also for the fact that my younger brother, JohnnyPhantom, is so passionate about this that he's holding a telethon like thing where this Saturday he will play ALL the LSL games LIVE to raise money for this that I have pledge another $40 to this great cause. As far as I know the live show will be here: <url>`t be extended once it is set. I´m wondering if it is possible for you guys at Replay Games, to extend the deadline for this game ? I´m sure that one more month would do WONDERS. One more month would give you a cool million I´m sure :) This user's account has been deleted. @ Jani Huhtala: i already knew that video, but its still great... Please make a version that will support touch on Windows 8. It dosn't need to be an ARM version, just make the x86 versoin support touch, please:) This user's account has been deleted. Wow! According to Kicktraq we have 229 new backers today already! (don't know how accurate it is) Looking to be yet a good day for Larry-backers! Haha @Tomtom, I was thinking maybe the 68'ers was something new! :) Go .69'ers though, I actually think we helped quite a lot! It will be exciting to see the game hit 750K, hopefully we'll get detailed updates to give new backers that extra push. It's a good thing Paul has lots of free time on his hands ;) @Tomtom.. Glad you corrected that or we all would have sat around trying to get a screenshot of 568,686 ;P Lol.. Kickstart 68ers.. This keyboard is way too small., that should obviously be 69ers.. ROFL So there are rumors that some people haven't heard of Larry's Kickstart 68ers.. The greatest coolest and most swinging group in the history of Kickstarter ;) So everybody who doesn't already know here is how you join us: Simply bump up your pledge to 6,900.69.., ok Ok you can start with a little thing like .69 ;-D 'cause we all know even little things can grow big.. ;-) Yeah let's try to collect as much as possible Here's what I figure ... If their budgeted cost estimates are off and things cost more than they budgeted for, then the game will suffer - period. Regardless of specific goals and promises, it's in all of our colective interests for Al and the gang to raise as much $$$ as possible. I have no doubt that extra funds will be re-invested in the game, the next game or - dare I say it? - the proposal to the big money for Larry 8. If I didn't trust them with my money, I would never have pledged in the first place. This was a labor of love for all of us to bring Larry back - and we have! If they had originally set the goal at $600K or 750K would anyone be asking what it would be used for other than that? Nope. They probably picked $500K as a conservative estimate because if it was $499,999.99, it doesn't get funded at all! So let's just shoot for the moon and trust Papa Al to make it worth it! Congrats Al - can't wait to see it :-) @tinapple thx for the link :) @tomimt 100% agree with you on the lack of information for the tiered goals between 500k and 1 million.. Or 6,9 million ;) that was definately interesting to watch and heres hoping part 3 dosn't get delayed Part 2 of the fireside chat is up: <url>`ll get Linux version. The more we collect the bigger chances are to get Linux version. @Tomimt Unity3D 3.5 support Google Chrome Native Client <url>"Hay guys!! we're not doing it that way anymore so get use to it!!" doesn't fly with me. Especially when the new feature you're trying to get everyone using is buggy as hell and isn't properly supported. Also the only reason they did it is because Ubuntu is trying to get in on the tablet market. SERIOUSLY, come on I don't want a limited tablet interface on my desktop or laptop. This project has gained quite a momentum right now! Here in Europe the counter has climbed slowly during the days but now after we came over the 500k mark the increase has been quite steady! I believe the 1million mark mention is rather tongue-in-cheek, and a little hopeful sarcasm that's lost in translation. I've noticed over the updates some wording may come across badly, but after the initial double take.. I try not to assume the worst. I do hope Replay Games takes advantage of giving smaller goals while dividing up feature sets appropriately. If they seem reachable while adding something clever, smaller milestones could really bolster support (for new and existing backers). I can see pledges going as far as 600k-650k with proper incentive. I hope things go this way, but nevertheless I'm happy as is and wish this game future success. The problem with Linux at the moment is, that Unity engine's Linux support still is in its infancy. What about Linux port? I think that $750K is an honest estimate for the next milestone, even if I am not currently confident we can reach it in the remaining time. The reason being that Al once said, LSL 7 cost about $2M to make due to all the animation and voice work. So even though tech & tools have improved, and LSL1 is a simpler game, it is still gonna cost a buttload of money to do it justice. Although we should be glad this isn't using current standard 3D tech. As I learned from my own failed attempts to start indie titles, quality 3d artists cost ~$500-$700 per normal-mapped character model! :o Maybe we should start a new Kickstarter campaign, collecting money to buy Al Lowe an LSL leisure suit and medallion. We have to have the man properly dressed when advertising Larry :-P True that Tom! I can only imagine how messed up it must be to have to do payroll while trying to incorporate as many fan ideas into the project as possible.. and get all the rewards manufactured/sent out at a cost to the game's budget.. People are pretty well guaranteed to work at least some unpaid hours for the bare minimum goal- we should leave no stone unturned in finding more support! 500k is, I suspect, the bare minumum they need for the project. After Amazon and Kickstarter have taken their share, there's also the physical rewards that need to be paid, so the actual development fund may be around 400k after all is done. It's not like if they get way too much money they're going to stop at one game and blow the rest on blackjack and ****.. A remake of LSL1 is just the starting point to see how good a model we can create for the other remakes / new LSL games to be built on. If things turn out well, there are half a dozen more games to look forward to :D Also don't forget to vote <url>€139.69 Larry is EVERYWHERE ;-) Congrats to the 500k! Next stop: 750k! This user's account has been deleted. Yay! I bet money that tinapple would find something new to stress over! Pay up guys. :P Alright , after reading the update I have to say I'm disappointed. 1 million is not gonna happen and 750k seems very unlikely. Please put out some reasonable goals. Next one should be at 550K, then 600K and so forth to give us something to look forward to. The way the update is worded it appears like we don't get anything new unless we hit 750K. It kind of kills my enthusiasm and I'm sure others feel the same way. This user's account has been deleted. Oh! I have such a big surprise for you guys tomorrow. Don't know if you all have been enjoying my RetroRewind reviews this week, but I know you'll love tomorrow's review. Why is that you ask? Well I just managed to get my hands on the illusive Leisure Suit Larry 4! Yeah, you heard that right. I'm going to sit down to play this right now so I can get a review out for 2nd-thing in the morning. ( I need to eat breakfast first, you know.) From what I hear LSL4 is a doozy of a long game compared to LSL3, so I guess I have my work cut out for me, but I do it for you and my love of Larry Laffer, On that note, see you all tomorrow morning/afternoon. :) Its independent. Btw when someone uses payplay to donate do we see change here or is this going independently of KS? Not one , but once again. I do hope that paypal will get some extra $. It would be nice if Larry could one again project of the day. Last time that brought us some extra $. @Michael Jansen: <url>#14). The next milestone is $750K. At 750K the game can be expanded and content added! @Paul Schreiber: If you look at the FAQ, it's one of the platforms they're supporting out of the gate. I think there should be a MOVIE released with the game... Who would play Larry...? Suggestions...? Can you make a Mac OS X version? I can run this in Fusion, but I'd prefer not to. @Leandro Those are my thoughts as well. I think if they do a more explained breakdown it would elicit more support. It's been mentioned before, but it's what the guys behind The Banner Saga did towards the end of their campaign and it caused a huge boost in pledges. I would pledge more if I could see smaller goals for every 100K. Just wanting to reach one million is fine, but what number do we have to reach for an animated intro? How about Linux, PSN and XBL versions? I would just like a clearer breakdown of what the extra money will accomplish. @Rafael Horta, ROFL Al, how about turning LSL into a multiplayer FPS, and perhaps updating its graphics to make it look more like an anime? Could you please also make it available on GFWL? Thx This project needs around 82,000 per day to hit 1,000,000 by the end. I highly doubt that's going to happen.....but I'd love to be proven wrong! I'd say there's no way 1 mil is going to happen. That said, 6-7 is becoming increasingly plausible, even though there isn't long to go, because this project seems to keep snowballing as it gets close to the finish line. Frankly I'm just happy because for a lot of its run it looked like there was no way this was going to make 5K... @calbeb Totally in agreement. While I hope this project hits 1Mil, it just seems like a huge request. They need to give a series of clear goals. Maybe start with $600, and then assign some idea goals for every $200k from that point up. Just an idea. So, turns out I wasn't able to do a live stream of Leisure Suit Larry III today. Found out I wouldn't be able to allot enough time to play through it in one sitting, so had to scrap the idea. None-the-less here is part 3 in my RetroRewind for the now guaranteed return of Larry Laffer. Behold Passionate Patti in Pursuit of Pulsating Pectorals: <url>"THIS PROJECT WILL BE FUNDED ON THURSDAY MAY 3, 2:30AM EST.". Well done guys! I'm hoping for an achievable stretch target for the next 5+ days like 550K or even 600K with the promise of more Larry goodness. I'm looking forward to the update. I'm guessing tomorrow at the very latest. I'm sure the guys are hard at work crunching away at figures for viable landmarks and additions to Larry. @rottenwood.. It did cost a lot already to bail him out :P The front page has been updated; outtake videos were moved to the bottom. A new goal of reaching 1,000,000 dollars was added(That's...reaching quite a bit). and acknowledgement of reaching the funding goal of 500K was added. Kotaku has posted about the project being funded: <url>"tried and true" elements into all games, so they can catch the thunder of sales like Call of Duty, etc. But with the emergence of Indie developers over the passed few years and now the resurgence of Adventure games, the landscape is becoming very good. I'm sure the team will put together a big celebration once Al's parole officer lets him use a computer again. @Riggo69: With the sense of humor this team has, would you allow any of them to make a post after a few drinks? I think NOT!! Replay must be having a heck of a party. No we made it updates and part 2 of the Fireside chat has yet to make it. :) Human Revolution is an underrated game. Kinda got overshadowed by all the AAA releases but it told a good story in a great setting. Loved all that stealth. Anyone here play Deus Ex: Human Revolution? I just started and within the first minute of playing an achievement popped up called "Old School Gamer" with the tag "You found all the hidden story items in Megan's Office. Point-and-Click much?" ... sounds about right @Shoganai... I loved the Infocom games... I still have the Infocom collection... What great games Well now this is funded I think a ot of people should make their way over to another Sierra vet <url>"If Larry ever left you partially erect"... that was funny! Not all FPS are mindless without a good involving story (Half Life)! Let the babbies cry! I'd say 99% of them don't know anything about computer games outside of their own childhood - Larry's fans are loyal and true! Sierra 4 lyfe, yo. There's no better way to say how much you love a game than dumping on other types of games... hurray! excelsior! :-P So glad this project is funded. Everyone raised enough money to bring Larry back to life! @Shoganai...I completely agree. FPS games are everywhere now. It's all the same crap, in a different box. Mindless shooting, and no real humor or personality put into games today. The days of Sierra adventure games were great, and I'm so glad to see the original dream team back in business again. In regard the comments in the articles, what did you expect from the modern gamer? Most of them only know FPS games, and if it doesn't involve killing something it isn't good. I'm so glad I grew up in an the era of Adventure games and games like Hacker / Zork... And Larry has come all over us again! YAY! Yes Thomas...FCB! Yes! Larry reached 500k and Bayern Munich the final of Champions League! After some beer it was time to raise my pledge ;-) 600k we are coming (and Chelsea)! Yeah we make it! @ David Gatzerano here you go ;) <url>"Hi Al." 21 B$="Thanks for sharing your story with us" 22 C$=We´re glad to be able to help with this project" 25 B=0:F=0 40 fort=0to500000:forc=0to15 43 poke53280,c+b;poke53281,c+f:rem // changing background & foreground color 45 print A$ 46 print B$ 47 print C$ 50 nextc:nextt 60 print "Congratulations on reaching your $500.000 goal.." It´s been a looooong time since I programmed basic, so I hope this is actually working. It should print the contents of A$+B$+C$ 500.000 times and display all the colors available in Commodore 64.. :) SO EXCITED!! Awesome!! We're in! The only Larry I had the pleasure to play was LSL3: The quest for Passionate Patty and I loved it. I can't wait!! Congrats! ALRIGHT! Congratulations Al! You did it! :D LARRY's MONEY SHOT! - premature, but hey, not surprising. Hopefully the series have a chance to sake off the taint of those horrible Lovage games. Congrats on passing the 500k barrier :) comments on the articles are a shame.... but the trolls are always quick My work schedule makes checking this thing on any kind of regular basis almost impossible, but I did want to stop by and totally congratulate you guys on passing the goal with time to spare. :) Yay! Larry lives! Just saw that it had passed $500K! @Riggo69: Yeah, if their only frame of reference is the two recent games, then their negative dismissal has some context. However, I think there are mostly just assholes with no appreciation for the classics. :p Either way, all the more reason for these games, and hopefully a real sequel, to come out and blot out the memory of those two abominations. Also, if they are younger, they could be basing their opinions on the appropriately named "Box Office Bust" @tinapple69 ... The comments are ridiculous. The problem there is no IQ test requirement to operate a keyboard. I wonder if Sam Suede: Undercover Exposure will see the light of day now... maybe another kickstarter project Al? And Eurogamer: <url>"Banner Saga", that explains what will be done for every extra hundred thousand that we reach. That would incentive more donations. For example: 600 - Extra game content (girls, rooms and easter eggs) 700 - Localization in French and Spanish. 800 - Linux, PSN and XBL versions 900 - Especial unlockable for backers only 1,000,000 - Special preview of LSL 8 - Lust in Space. Make it happen, Paul T.!! :) Tipped Joystiq: www.joystiq.com/2012/04/25/leisure-suit-larry-hd-meets-its-kickstarter-goal/ Hopefully they haven't all gone to funding party and forgot to post part 2 of the fireside chat. Congrats! Let's see how far it can go though! Congratulations to Replay games, Paul, Al and everyone involved, it's a fantastic achievement! Now let's get to 600k :D pretty pretty please more casino games, more chicks, and maybe a new locale... the first game was kinda short... more funding!!! Wohoooooooo congratz for passing 500k! Thanks to everybody who's been posting links to articles written about Larry and his revival. It would be nice if there were a media page here or on the Replay site that linked to all these articles. i'd prefer multiple platforms to localisations I know I am really jumping the gun here but I can't wait to start beta testing now. I hope enough money gets raised to think about multiple platforms. @Tomtom ... As Buzz Lightyear would say "To 569,969 and beyond!!!" @riggo well mine was without manipulation but hey whatever Just happy we made it., and now 569,969 ;) w00t, goal ftw! tripple 69 would be fine! larry could really use that! what could go wrong? @BigD: I was one of the first in the single .69-group, but thanks for you warm welcome to the double-one. For all the diggers here, let's digg this: <url>"Dancing ****" period. What a nice surprise to wake up to! We did it everybody! I can't help but think the 69ers is what gave this thing the shot it the arm it needed to get past the goal. Anyways, a new Larry is now a reality! 504k and counting, let's keep it going! @GLenn Just read it this afternoon, fantastic news. The games on Linux bug is catching on. Congratulations! I am excited to be a part of this kickstarter Gary McBride <url>"Yeaaaah baby!!" on the 500k!! WE DID IT! @Charles Alvis - I would up my pledge just to see Al do his happy dance. @ Tomtom: its 6,969,696 or nothing Kickstarter & Amazon fees added up to 10% for Double Fine --- so in reality we've only hit ~450k right now. Better get some defined stretch goals out there to keep driving this. I wonder if Al is doing his happy dance since we are past 500,000? Congrats on 500k! I'm hoping now that we're sure we're funded that we get the normal "after funded surge" that normally happens. @Joseph Pantaleo - That's great! I did not know that King's Quest is also coming back. It really is an adventure gaming renaissance! i ll be more comfortable if we reach 520,000 just in case some 5000 or 10000 decides to withdraw Hi everybody and CONGRATULATIONS to AL, Josh, Paul and the rest of the team for making this possible.. And THANK YOU and Congratulations to Everybody here.. We did it.. And now that we hit this important goal of 496,969 erm... 500,000 ;) we should look a little further.. What about 569,696 or even 6,969,696 that would really be fine..even double fine ;-D Ps: ok ok we could start with 569,696 for the moment ;-) Pps: here's a link of the magic moment for all Kickstart 69ers : <url>`s a good article. Hope it will bring some more $ New article on Forbes. Haven't read it, but let's hope it's positive and creates some good buzz. <url>"sexy party" Larry just came in his pants. I think any addition fund raised should buy him a zipper. It's tough, living in Polyester Pants. Congrats on the funding! Definitely excited. I just remembered this song : <url>~$4K over the course of this morning. :p I apologize if someone posted this but i didn`t see it. Al Lowe making the first video for Kickstarter. <url>"... Reloaded is finished, we’ll send you an incredibly personal, deeply heartfelt download link (via Steam or ..." Sweet :) @Shoganai, Telltale Games have already licensed the rights to make a King's Quest game. We're going to get a King's Quest game too!!!! It's an adventure game renaissance! FUNDED! Woot! Awesome! Now... about King's Quest ;) This sure is brilliant!! Keep on spreading the word - I for one would like to show this thing off on my Linux tablet..;) I realized my last comment might be misinterpreted. I meant I, if need be, will add a little more to my pledge than I probably should be spending at this point. I want Larry back damn it! :p "$647,610 trending toward 130% of goal" I like the sound of Kicktraq's computations! @Rottenwood: Well, that is some good. But if need be, I will be the first to pull from my "probably shouldn't, but there is no other choice" fund for a little extra kick. :p Aaaawww yeah!!! 100% and rising!! :-) FIST BUMP FOR AL! *BAM!* Good to see you back in the saddle Mr. Lowe! *Hands martini to Serena.* Good to have you back! Don't worry, the $10,000 pledger, Archer, is a good egg - he actually came in to assure us he wasn't gonna bow out like some of the other big spenders. Fist bump! @Al: *gives Al a fist bump* It wouldn't have happened if you and Paul hadn't come back to rescue Larry from the bargain. Thanks, Al! Thanks Paul! Josh, I'll thank you when I see your dialogue. ;-) Congratulations!!! Woo! Al is awake. SPEECH! @tinapple69 - Nice! Didnt pay too much attention to the queue. Altho I did tweet Rob Landeros about another Interactive Movie like TLC. That would be so cool to do. I still amaze friends/family by showing them TLC & POV. @Rottenwood - it would still be amazing to get Steve and other Legend Entertainment guys to come out of the wood works and finish the Spellcasting series. Let alone maybe another Zork installment. Success! @Rottenwood Surely a man who is known for his elaborate writing and puzzles would like to get back in the genre if he has the financial means. I'm sure ideas are popping up in his head about this kickstarter thing. It might not happen tomorrow, but it could be a possibility in the future. I sure hope it is. @Al Lowe - I hope this shows much we missed you, Sierra, and the REAL Larry Laffer. Good to have you back where you belong, old friend. I woke up to the most wonderful news! Larry's back! YEAH BABY! Now to just get Jane's project funded. WOW! Fantastic! You did it! YOU got us over the top! Thank you SOoooo much! Look at the power of social media. Congratulations to all! But don't stop spreading the word; we need a little safety cushion just in case some pledges don't pull through. But for now: fist bumps to all! We should aim for at least $515K, in case some of the $5K & $10K backers are just trolls who will pull out on the last day. Now that we have tasted victory, I sure as hell won't let it be snatched away! *raises fist righteously* @Mikael: They're planning on it. Btw, does anyone know if they have said anything about porting the game for iOS/Android tablets? @Jeroen and @Tinapple - Meretzky seems to have found a niche doing social games, and I won't begrudge him that. Still, it'd be great to get closure on the Spellcasting Series - the Graduation finale was planned but never made. Other than Steve's own expenses and some minor art assets, I can't imagine a text game would be all that pricey, even adapted to modern tablets. @Jeroen <url>"Hey, Steve. How much do you think it would take to FINALLY send Ernie Eaglebeak off in style? Well, have you heard about this Kickstarter thing? ......." By the way, are you any relation to Joey Rottenwood? LOL Heading over to find some money for Jane ... and then Chris and Aaron when they're ready ...... Can Steve Meretzsky be far behind? Geez, will everyone relax about Jane Jensen/Pinkerton Road. She's got 23 days to raise 25% of her total. She raised the other 75% in less than half that, so I think she'll make it without a problem. I'm just thrilled we hit our number. Now, let's see how far up we can get it. (he. he.) Congratulations on reaching 100% funding! I can't wait to see this project become a reality, and I'm really happy that it's going to happen now. Very interesting trend today - it is only 12:09 EDT and we already have 201 new Backers on board, where as the last week had Max 300 per day, so hopefully today would be a much bigger number of new passengers! TriloByte is/has ported their old adventures to the iOS & MAC platform. It would be cool to see something new from them too Well done to all. But like it has been said earlier on....there is still time for some of the higer tiers to pull out so the higer it goes the more secure I would feel. Dont want to put a dampener on the good news..just concerened. On the other paw....WOOOOHOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Tim Schafer and Al Lowe just showed the corporations that in the age of the Internet, they're not needed. At least movie studios and record companies have someone to drink strong booze with now. Nice! Super good times! Now push it over so we can get all the games and more! I would love to see Steve Meretzky back in action! I'm curious what his plans are. Who knows? OK, quick quiz: how many women does Larry have sex with in the series, *in* the games (that is, not just implied after you finish them, which is typically one per game)? Hell yeah, goal achieved with a week left! Now we need to bring this thing as high as it can go, since many backers will be no-shows and the cost of physical bonuses will likely eat up a lot of the funds received. Even so, we can at least celebrate that Al and crew will be getting paid! Awesome work, everyone! :D YEAH ! congrats to all of replay games's crew :D happy to see you guys back on the video game making ! @Rottenwood: Spellcasting 401 would be awesome! That layout would work well for touch devices too.. I think Jensen's project just needs to be presented a bit stronger - even as an adventure veteran, I found the concept confusing. Is it one game? Three games? What are they about, exactly? I'm willing to dig deeper to find out, but you lose the casual audience there. It doesn't help that a bunch of other projects already mined the adventure gamer wallet for a few months before she got on board. Just tipped Kotaku AU and US. Oops! Jeannette! Missed an n! [answering a question about my tier] "...today since we hit the goal. ( HOORAY!)" - Jeanette at Replay They know. :D @Tomasz. It was slow because, as you said, it was a remake. It also has the stigma of, like Pedro said, coming after two really awful games and never got the press attention. More than that, I think people really love the idea of kickstarter and the projects, but it's going to be a while yet before we see the fruits of the labour. I think a lot of people who are backing Shadowrun, Wasteland 2 and DFA probably are going to wait until they see how those games turn out before pledging again. This is praticularly true for people who poured hundreds of dollars into it. I'm really curious to see what happens if one of those games come out and are merely "decent". That will be some crazy backlash imo. I've said this before, but I find it more concerning that Jane's kickstarter isn't doing better, considering how those are considered to be classics of the genre and it's a new game rather than a remake. They didn't do the best pitch for their project though, which explains it a little though. Yay, I'm so glad we made it! Upped my pledge from 25 to 69.69 :-) I'm so glad we'll get a real Larry again with jokes that are actually funny!! I'm still keeping a shoebox of money in the yard on the off chance that Spellcasting 401 or Star Control 4 come to pass - but yeah, seeing all these classic series come back has been amazing. I'm so glad to see this reach its goal. It was (as many have stated) part of my youth as well. Curious what the final amount will be. The survey on the forum is going to provide input on what to do with the extra money now... F*CK YES! I think a quote from LSL3 is in place here: "Look out, girls! Just when you thought it was safe to dive back into the gene pool, the original swinger is at it again! HE'S BACK!" Congratulations to Al Lowe and everyone at Replay for hitting their funding goal! Now let's see if we can land them a bonus while we are at it! :-D Awesome! Just wanted to say that on top of being an LSL fan, my pledge was to send a message to the industry that adventure games were a big part of my youth and we still love them. It would be a shame if a new generation of gamers never got to experience them because some board room decided that there was no "market" for them when there clearly is. And it's a plus to have the original minds putting this together. Can't wait for Space Quest, Day of the Tentacle, etc. Keep it going! Tomasz: mostly, I guess it's because Double Fine and inXile got most of the attention; by the third, most people are like "oh, another one". Also, if you read the comments on ANY article on a gaming site about this, you'll see that most people apparently either have no idea what the Larry games are about (they seem to think they're porn), or they're so young that they only know about the Larry Loveage games. YAY! to 500K. I am super happy we are getting this. Now if Jane Jensen's kickstarter can hit 300K I'll be super happy :) just tipped Joystiq about Larry reaching his goal (for once). i hope this milestone gets some media coverage and a lot of people joining the larry-train, since it has crossed the funding-landmark.... so excited Larry WILL come !!!!!!! What a day.. .69 for you But Larry for the world :-D Nice it's turning out to be a big day today...glad to see this funded with a week left :) Hopefully that $5000 dollar troll doesn't pull out again. Hopefully in a week the project will have enough money that it won't matter. But right now that would yank us down a bit. It's still going up! (That's what she said...) Finally! Woohoo! I have to say, I am a bit disappointed that it had taken this long to reach $500,000. Some other projects have seen a much better response. Maybe because this is the 3rd Larry 1? Still, I want to see Al Lowe and the gang back. Woo! Funded! 500K Hooray! We made it! TAKE THAT VIVENDI UNIVERSAL! "We need a YOUNG hero! We need MORE NUDITY! More XBOX like twitch reflex gaming mechanics! More..." We don't need you. "...oh." Hell Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 7 days to double it! Go go go! I...uh...already pinged his email. XD HE'LL KNOW. @tinapple69... With the help of a certain search engine I found the number for Al Lowe's barber shop in Olympia Washington... Not sure why Al would need a barber though or why anyone would trust their hair style to a bald man. To each their own I guess. :) Fire up the milestones! 501k. For that we can get extra hour with the nice lady upstairs in the Lefty's bar. We'll hear from Al soon, I'm sure. Let him have his coffee first, LOL. Victory ! Yeah, that's it :-) @Josh Al should be glad I don't have his number :) I'll let it slide this time. But later... SPEECH! @Manuel: Yup, we can't stop here. Already increased my pledge :) Yayness and yayfications! :) Let's pledge for more content Let him sleep. He's old. ;-) Wonder how many extra rooms and girls we get for being $910 over? @riggo If this isn't a reason to wake somebody up, I don't know what is. SPEECH! Congrats guys. :DDDDDDDD Congrats Replay Team, Backers & 69'ers! @tinapple - Might want to prod Josh into calling Al to wake him up. It's only 8:30AM in Seattle. Give us a speech, Al. SPEECH! wohooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah Baby!! <url>﻿ ME! (Which of you lovely ladies want to lick them off? [/Larry]) Feel free to nick that joke for a future game Al! To: Paul Trowe - Thanks for all your effort in making this happen and making our (wet) dreams come true. :) Wohoo!!! :) Woohoo!!! Congrats guys! Everybody wins! Awesome, I got to see the figure go over... $500,565! yeah!!!!! Congrats! :) WE MADE IT!!! I cant wait to see more Larry, congrats everyone:) Congrats to the team! While I wanted this one to be successful, it didn't seem to have quite the steam as other KS. Glad it worked out, and looking forward to it! Congrats guys! @Joshua - I hope Paul can enjoy this for a moment as his dream project has come true. YEAH! Where's the new update? :) Woot! Now .... where's my Quest for Glory 6? ;) Sierra gave us a glorious past, looks like Replay are ensuring a glorious future :) Congrats! Thanks to everyone who contributed!! Next goal: $696,969! Let's get some more content! Fireworks to celebrate!!! Like on the ending of LSL ;) Congrats! @Oded *high five* YEA!!! Long live Larry WE DID IT!!!! The only approriate tune to celebrate: <url>`s get some extra goodies. "Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye" <url>"It doesn't remind me of my childhood days enough!" But seriously, well done guys. Freddy Pharkas, your time is almost at hand, hint, hint.... *Score counter rolls over, explodes.* WOOHOO! THANK YOU, EVERYBODY! Looks like Larry will come again! Congratulations,, everybody! Congrats! Nice, congrats guys! YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! We are the champions :) Nice. Congrats to everyone. Yowza, 500k! Now a whole week to keep moving on up. Gratz, Replay Games! This user's account has been deleted. YAY WE DID IT! yes, finally! Cue the didlo! "YEAH, BABY!" *dum-dumdumdum-dumdum-dum* Yessssss congrats everyone im gettin drunk tonight :) made it ! $500k! HURRAY! Congrats! We did it! Where is my update?!? :) NS www.Gizmocanada.com Yay! WOO WOO. Woohoo!!!! Niiiice! PEOPLE. PEOPLE. SIERRA IS BACK. SIERRA IS BACK!!!!!!!! ...gettiiiiing close... SWEEET!!! Whoohooo BOOM! We hit it!! :D I think everyone is perching over it, wanting to be the person that officially breaks the bank. YEEEAAAHHH! We did ! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESS! WOOT!!!! 500K!!! CONGRATULATIONS TEAM REPLAY!!!!!! You did it!!! With a little help from your friends… and 69, or so, slightly demented individuals. :) Aaargghhh!!! Come on already Larry!!! I got a meeting in 45 minutes and do not want to miss the money shot. Xanax, all the way --- makes these minutes waiting to watch it tick over to 500k completely fly by. NNIIIIICCCCEEEEEEEEEEEE Man, I haven't been this excited since I was climbing up a bungee latter in la costa lotta.. oh wait. Go Larry! As per usual, Larry has everyone excited, but can't quite bring them to climax. Nice..The total is going up without new backers... We must be picking up some new 69ers. Hope we can hear from Al soon after we hit 500k. Al Lowe is as Ayn Rand, both conceptualize Game Characters / Men as they should be. I guess there's still people who think, that they loose the money even if the pledge sum is not made, so they wait for the moment to be "safe" before they actually do pledge. Wow, the suspense --- Congrats everyone! Rottenwood, absolutely, I'll send you my address. :-) Ativan will also do! My stomach is in knots! Almost there! Go, Larry! zomg! less than $1000! My youth shall soon be returned to me with LLL! Thanks everyone, and especially Replay Games and AL LOWE! @Rottenwood: I hear you, I was thinking the same thing ;) Perhaps we´re just being part of a social experiment.. I bet that Replay Games are gonna have a $500.000 party tonight. We´ll probably get a nice download link where we get a signed photo of them all, saying thanks for funding our party ;) I forget how agonizing this must be for Joshua and company. I'm super-excited to have Larry back, but I don't have a major work project on the line. Want some Klonopin? I wonder how many people are holding their pledges hoping they would be the one making the leap over 500k... I predict pledges to come in quickly when we will get closer to the magic number. Its a excellent day so far. Larry Suit Larry reaching 500K today and finally got some awesome stuff delivered... <url>´mon guys/girls don´t you have better things to do than just sit here and push refresh-buttons and wait.. GO GET A LIFE ;) LOL 940$ left :) @Mark... We'll bring it home for you while you rest. Playing Larry 6 for the first time right now! Ahh boobies! That'll have to be close enough - can't afford to lose anymore sleep waiting. Future grats on the 500K, I'm off to bed. Nearly $1,000 left! I've already given to Jensen as well. @Sam That would be magical :) @anim8.... LOL ...and then the real Tim Sch...(afer) drops a spare $2000 on it. @Blake: IN THE. If you MUST quote the meme, quote the CORRECT QUOTE. @Joshua Mandel: Perhaps a new tier that includes new refresh buttons as a reward would be a good idea ? These guys should post some demo shots in the Unity Showcase forums. It may not get a lot of attention, but it is a relevant place since they are using Unity3D as there engine. ;) After the 500k let's go help Jane Jensen and the Sierra ways come back :) Do you hear that faint sound? It sounds like it's getting louder...the disturbingly dark sound of... A SAXOPHONE THEME! One big...thumb?...up for the return of Larry! My whole childhood revolved around Sierra games, and it's awesome to help give the series a shot of Viagra. (I even make my own adventure games these days, and Al Lowe once played one of them for ten minutes before getting stuck! :) Thanks Al!) Can't wait to see this top $500K, cheers! @Joshua: "Don't touch that. We don't know where you've been." ;) This user's account has been deleted. @riggo dito.. I'm wearing out the boss key on my iPhone e.g the home button :-D Nice... A $250 This is blody addictive. Refreshing the page, waiting the sum to crawl over 500k. Upped my pledge to $100...almost there!!! @Josh... LOL.. At least you are refreshing in the name of work. I am refreshing in spite of it! I am wearing out the "Refresh" button on my browser. I am sure my boss would appreciate it if we could get this last 1.5K soon so I could get some work done. :) @Jay Santos: LOL, We´re all Busted, we´re a regular bunch of "button-pushers" - Ooh, baby I´ll push yer buttons alright ;) @anim8 with the exception of Al, who is probably busy reading dirty jokes, I'm guessing all of them I wonder if Tim Sch... Al Lowe is hitting the refresh button as much as we are :) So how many of you guys from Replay Games are here following this right now ? i hope everyone is as excited as i am to see this game going over 500k.... i hope this will give it a huge boost of media coverage and people joining in on a winning project... go larry go. Larry's so pent up, he'll be able to match this guy! (Skyrim fans, also a LOL for you!) <url>´ll reach 500k within the next 15 minutes.. ;) @Oded - I just joined in at 100.69 :-) As Ehad Mishelanu (one of us) I think it is great that a (small?) Studio from our little Country is taking a (Big?) part of this e x c i t i n g game! However, as per my humble opinion, I think (even it may sound bad for many people in our place) that if we want (and we all want) to promote this great project all around the Globe, it would be of best interest not to mention so much IL for obvious reasons... On another note - to your Studio and Al - just in case it has not been suggested yet - how about using some aggressive PPC for the coming week in order to direct vast amount of traffic to Larry's page here? Behatzlaha Haverim! Outside of the indies, it's nigh impossible to get a game made unless it pings certain demos, has franchising potential, and looks good in 30-second spots. I have a feeling Kickstarter will be my number one game source in a few years. @Riggo69: Yup, a real "nutcase" ;) @Josh Damn those big corporations! <url>´s awesome to think that it has been possible to reach the goal of 500k in only three weeks. That´s pretty good, thinking it´s 25+ years since Larry ehh, came for the very first time. It´s going to be a huge RELOAD since this guy must have saved up his juices for more than a decade, damn it´s going to be violent ;) Damn!!! This last 2k is going to be more nerve racking than the 1st 498k LSL 8: Lust in Space TM ;P @Josh..Well said. For some reason the publishers these days seem to believe gamers can be placated by 379 versions of the same game with slightly different graphics, title and cover art. One small step for Larry, one giant leap for adventure kind! Tinapple, it's not they left the scene (at least, not completely). But up until now, they've been pretty much at the mercy of publishers, who've dumbed down the content, taken control of it, sanitized it, jerked it around, and made it acceptable only to the lowest common denominator's preferences. We are, in Double Fine's footsteps, liberating adventure games from the tyranny of the marketing departments of the big corporations! just over 2k to go, how bout that :) @Vidar - a feeling not wholly unfamiliar to it! Looks like the 500K threshold will be blown sky high =) Imagine if all backers just upped their pledge with another couple dollars! I just increased mine with another 20. I want more rooms, more content! :DD I'll be happy when it reaches 500K. Finally taking a shower and going outside again....perhaps talk to some people. It has been a couple of rough weeks :) Skyler: LMAO. Somehow, I think Tim Schafer & Co. would approve. :-D @joshua: And drawing perverted pictures on it. You guys are just silly. Adventure games have never left the scene! Looks like the entire team is watching the Kickstarter crawl to the finish line, lol. Now we just need the rest to chime in. Oded, give Double Fine its due. They liberated Adventure Games weeks ago...we're just taking a page out of their playbook! @Oded - Preach!! :D Nice one Floyd :) Let's pull out our swords and charge! ;) @Floyd... LOL @Odid... After reading your post I almost signed up for the draft @Floyd - you guys make this comment section way too entertaining. @Oded: Well said! Almost to the goal! sweet! :) @oded & lee II think all 69ers agree with these words.. I do :-) No longer will Larry's penis remain flaccid and unused! From now on, we fight for every video game character out there who isn't getting laid when he should be! This is our day! This is our time! And, by God, we're not gonna let history condemn Larry to celibacy! We will make a stand! We will succeed! We will get Larry laid! Oded, we may live in different parts of the world but thanks to Larry Laffer... we are brothers! Amen! :-) Good morning. In a few hours, Kickstarter backers from here will join others from around the world. And you will be launching the largest remake in this history of adventure games. Adventure Games -- those words should have new meaning for all of us today. We can't be consumed by our small niche. We will be united in our love for point and click, puzzles, and story telling. Perhaps its fate that today is the 25th of April, and you will once again be fighting for our freedom, not from tyranny, oppression, or persecution -- but from annihilation. We're fighting for Adventure game's right to live, to exist. And should we win the day, the 25th of April will no longer be just known as an Israeli holiday, but as the day when the world declared in one voice: "Adventure Games will not go quietly into the night! Adventure Games will not vanish without a fight! Adventure Games are going to live on! Adventure Games are going to survive!" Today, we celebrate our Independence Day!!!! <url>#t=4m10s We are just so damn close to 500!!!!!! @Riggo - I'll throw in a bit more to hit the mark if the opportunity arises, so to speak. As a member of the 69 Percent, it's my patriotic duty. @Rottenwood... We need $272 to hit the magical $496,969 Quick! Someone drop a dollar! Thanks to all 69ers and not yet 69ers.. This is great.. :-D This is the icing on top.. :-D Yeah.. YEAH, BABY! <url>"69", but someone pledged $25, so it's gone again :( Updated from $170 to $170,69! That's more than a real **** would cost, so that I'll have to do the manual mode this weekend. I hope it's worth it but I really have no concerns about it at all! Keep it up everyone! Gotta head off to bed fellow 69ers...shift worker and all. I fully intend to wake up this afternoon and see this baby funded. Keep it up! @tinapple69 great, thanks :) $3.549 to go ... that's still 236 backers of $15 each. 496,969 is coming... :-D Over 11K backers and less than 4K to go... :-) When I left we needed $17k, now we're down to less than $4k. So close! @Jan Ramdohr Yes, there will be Mac support: <url>#WhatPlatDoYouGuysInteToSupp Does somebody feel like pledging this magical amount ? You would be praised for lifetime twice ;) Hang tight Dan, they're going to reveal all soon. We'll get the last 1% today. Looking foreword to the project. By the way, will there be any Mac support? We would need a 690 pledge I think everyone is gonna try and pledge the additional amount to hit 496,969.... which will end up causing it to blow right past it. So it's win-win. @Skylar, not good, if you look at the distribution of the people giving most of the are giving at a lower level, which means that you're less likely for anybody to have time to calculate out the amount needed to put things to that total. Even if you ignore the cents. Can we get some form of figure for Linux support? Late in the day, but I'm contemplating pulling my pledge and moving it elsewhere =/ Soo... What are the odds of it actually landing on 496,696? @justin Yeah also holding out for the Big moment :-) Oh crap made a mistake xD $418 away from $469,69 :p Yay, $500k here we come! Or is it "too"? Pretty sure it isn't "two"! Less than $4K to go. That is nice to wake up to @Rottenwood Or his libido is waning. We're getting ready to party here. <url>"Lets Play" videos which I've been watching over the past week and am finally up to LSL 3. :) So, as some of you are aware I have been writing daily reviews of Leisure Suit Larry games, starting 2 days ago with the original LSL. Today I was supposed to play LSL3 with a review coming tomorrow. Well life got in the way of that plan, but it also gave me an idea. I know people have been doing live-streams of LSL games over the last weeks, and maybe everyone is bored of it now, but I'm wondering if anyone would be interested if I started doing them for each game, maybe? To be honest I have zero experience with live-streaming, but the idea just popped into my head earlier today. Plus I'm obviously a **** for promoting Larry, and an even bigger **** for shameless self-promotion, so I thought why not. Anyways, look for opinion from you, my trusted perverted Larry community. Thanks. added .69 Less then 5k to go...OMG I need to go pee! @Erik Balgard: The voice you hear in the video is Jan Rabson, who voiced Larry in LSL 6 and LSL 7. According to Paul Trowe, Jan was sick the day he had to do the voice overs, which is why the voice sounds a little bit off. Just 5K :-) Love the project but Please, For the love of god find a better voice for Larry. In the video he sounds like he is 12. 1 short of 11,000 backers :) @sam :-D By way welcome to the 69ers..and where is max ;-) ? 69 Larry people! One dollar amounts? Add 69c! (Barrel Clad Gambler) Two? $69.69! (Out For A Beer Or Ten) Three? $69[?].69 (Painting The Town Green) Four? $6969.69 (Party Week In Vegas) Five? $6969[?].69 (Card or Drug Dealer?) Six? $696969.69 (Trump Casino Petty Cash) Seven? $696969[?].69 (Who Wants To Be Obscenely Rich?) Eight? $69696969.69 (Zuckerberg Gone Wild) Nine? $696969696.9[?] (George Lucas' Slave Barge Party!) Ten? $6969696969.69 (Hello Mister Cameron - How Goes Planetary Resources?) ( [?] = Any number) Bumped up from $25.69 to $115.69! That's how awesome the old games are! (With just a tiny bit of "oops, I copied it in the past..." guilt. I'm sure we ALL made that mistake while not understanding piracy as teens! What? I admit it and I'm sorry, apologising with my wallet. It's a hell of an apology when you realise how low my income is!) @zanythos I like the idea about returning the casino and have Al there.. Just as you said they wouldn't even need to create a new room :) Excited as hell to see this happening... By the way everybody You still have the opportunity to join the cool and silly people.. Yes that's us the Kickstart 69ers ;) Oh, man...this thing's going to hit 500K tomorrow and then grow exponentially. Can't wait to see what the final amount is!! 6k to go. bumped mine up from $40 to $100 I bet this thing is just going to blow up in popularity once it hits 500k. Only one week left to own a psychical copy of Leisure Suit Larry! This really is a once a life time opportunity - and I'm sure you'd want a memento from the 'time you helped revive Sierra'! If you guy co-workers or friends that remember this game post this site to them. Facebook helps a lot too. Post it. So close guys @tomtom np on the link man. if you get a chance check out my idea I posted a few minutes ago and let me know what you think please. thanks. Can't wait to see this puppy reach the 500K. But I have also some work to do. So its working coming back, working and coming back... And thanks Michael ;) @stan good job @zanythos thank you for the music For givinig.. No wait that was something else ;) @serena welcome back miss69 :-D Ah. What the heck. Change my pledge to 1015.69 to 1069.69 :) IF/When we get extra content, I'd like to suggest a Jazz room with Al on stage playing sax, I've seen a lot of people requesting him to play some for the "update" video's and such. Granted this idea wouldn't be on the updates but I think it's something ALL of us fans would appreciate. Maybe even do it as a return to the club in the casino after the comedian has left, then you don't even have to make another "room". If you guys like this idea I will post it on the forums but if you guys think it stinks well then I won't waste the forum's space. Food for thought. Wow. I go away from the madness for a few hours and the numbers exploded. Props to those who upped their pledges so high, particularly the one who bought a seat at the disco. Let's boogie oogie oogie down to the finish line and start a new dance to 600k! Upped my pledge to 169.69 So do I now get into the 69 club double ;-) the Larry 7 version of the theme song just for shits n giggles <url>"miss" the exact moment ;-) Quite a jump from yesterday. Nice. @jan hi, welcome back Nice to see the progress we made while I was asleep :-) @riggo69 thanks for welcoming the new 69ers while I was rolling on the floor laughing.. Good job.. And don't worry bout the screenshot.. I'll try to capture it when it reaches that point in a couple of hours :) Thanks to all new 69ers.. The big pledges and the small.. I know we would all go for the ken-sent-me edition if we could :-D Wow, it really exploded in here while I was out having a beer. Kudos to everyone who has pledged, and raised their pledges. Larry's proud!! :) Less than $8,000 to go, YES! This user's account has been deleted. And misread who wrote that...stupid eyes. That was directed at @Riggo69, sorry, lack of sleep. @Zanythos That is so awesome. I've been trying to use the excuse of "well donating more money helps me with research for the game and also for networking both our site & podcast." Sadly (not really sadly) my wife is extremely intelligent and full understands my con-artist ways. :-P Wow I looked away for 2 hours and its only 8k to go, impressive! @Joshua... LOL on the wife story... Got mine so annoyed I think I might be able to do $40.69 for each of my teenage sons because they want to wear the geeky tee-shirt like dad. @Zanythos You think your friends are annoyed? I've been driving my cohost insane on our podcast. Every episode I repeat the same stuff about LSL ad nauseum. Then again maybe it's working. Just glanced over and he's donating I think $25, but can't tell. Anyways, driving my wife insane as well. Figure if I keep **** she'll let me donate more. i reallyy want the lithograph, hopefully we get enough funding for al to come out with some future collectibles without hurting my bank. :) like some artwork or statuee The outtakes for the pitch video was amazing.... Al Lowe is like your second dad, the one that you go to for all the cool conversations. @Longbow... Welcome back oh great one... Enjoy your lunch with Al... Looks like we (Mostly you :) ) are going to make it happen soon. Please @jack, ask them to put you in a purple tux like "nights at the roxbury"! @Riggo. Supposing it doesn't go over. Well more like hopefully it doesn't go over just for that moment. :P almost at the goal!! i wasn't even born when the game came out, but looking forward to it! seen my cousin play it. can't wait! Dang!!! Countdown has begun... Dang... I am worried I won't be able to sleep tonight.. If I do I might not be able to get a screen-shot of the magical 496,969 ... The last 10k..... Looking good:) I wish you could pick and choose different reward tiers. I might double my pledge to get my name in credits, AWESOME! Some of the other reward tiers I'd be entitled to I might not want. Like Josh said that lowers their cost = better game. Me too Katie my friends are so sick of hearing me talk about it its not even funny. :) @Jack, High-five to your wife! Will do- I'm ridiculously excited about this! SO close!!! hey thanks Katie for the correction. Keep spreading the word. :) Holy cow guys, I take an hour to watch Game of Thrones and ya all almost finish without me. @Zanythos - It's Cape Girardeau, MO. I'm spreading the word around there too! :D @Jack: That's so awesome of you do that. Thanks for giving the Kickstarter a shot in the arm, and getting us within 10K of the goal. Wooooo!! @Jack... I would pick Norm as that suits me better. Closer to the truth. :) Thanks all. @Riggo69 - Hmmm.... Norm or John. Well both have the pluses. But for the disco moves I leave to Larry. (I still remember the scene from the original game when he dances) : ) Wife prefers dance than me at a bar : ) 8794 left to go! DOOOO IT!! @Juha-Matti... Sorry... Missed you in my last I am not worthy thank you... Thank you!!!!!!!! Yesyesyesyesyes!!!!! Just under 10k to go.... Oops...Meant Lefty's Very awesome, Jack!! The rising pledges are encouraging, I bumped mine from 506.90 to 569.69... @Jack... You could always switch to Disco and be Norm... Hmmm.... John Travolta or Norm... You make the call. less than 10k away! Could be worse than looking like John Travolta... Seems to have worked out for him so far. I hope I do not look like something from Sat night fever : ) So close! Opps, incase looking at things from limited to disco. Well just saw a 6k leap since I looked at this a cpl hours ago.... Awesome! We're now less than $10,000 away! Oh boy, there's only 9 places left for the $1,000 tier! I'm perspiring here... should I go for gusto or play it safe????? PRESSURE. Thanks Jack...You rule! Moved from signed to disco : ) flipflop remaining over outnumber and place it after dollars :) ....Today we will hit break-pledge-backers-point..... the moment when the numbers of backers will remaining outnumber the amount of dollars to pledge! wow thats lot of money mr. ritchie :D come on everyone we're almost there Just upped my pledge to $270.69. That's the absolute max I can go. Sorry Just got off the phone with my buddy who's helping open a new Menard's (like a Lowe's hardware) in Saint Gerardau (SP?) Missouri where he's interacting with a lot of people from other stores around the country and asked him to spread the word there. Hope they help us out. @Riggo69 if all goes to plan, it'll be in Tommorows update :) @Juha-Matti 'Tween you and Josh.. that was a huge surge in funding in the last 5 minutes. I don't know what the hell I'm doing, but I just pledged $1069.69. That's a lot of money. But then again, there's a LOT of memories from these games as well. I don't have a lot of money but I've up my pledge from $15 to $15.69. :) LoL, you are one crazy guy and we thank you for that. Decided to push it just a little bit further, and do $569.69 so I can join the 69-ers. Although, that is my absolute limit. I just hope it will be enough. :p Upped my pledge to 169.69 to join the 69ers. I'll be looking at my finances more and see if I can't eek out anymore between this project and Jane Jensen's. Great to see we got some new members to our silly little movement that is Larry Kickstart 69ers Thank you for bumping up your pledges. To all of you who are worried about the plaque, if or if not there should be one..stop worrying.. The initial idea for me doing the first .69 two weeks ago was me doing a silly joke... Then some days ago I met some fellow freaks and we started the whole thing that is the 69 ers.. We never intended to be on a plaque or so.. For this reason it was so funny hearing from josh and al they they actually were discussing this.. We shouldn't be too worried if it shoulld commemorate the 69ers or everybody else as well,, we'll see what they will do in the end.. And like I said before.. What's a plaque compared to being officially cool and silly :-D Ok I'll continue rolling on the floor laughing out loud.. At least I am not... Can't speak for everyone else. @Josh....We are not worthy. That's huge of you, Josh. Thanks! Awesome of you Josh. Props. Updated my pledge to $500, but set my reward to $75. All I really want is beta access, and money not spent on prizes is money that can go to making the game that much better. ;) I prefer 68... you do me and I'll owe you one :D OK...49ers fan here who just changed my display name to help promote the theme here. OK, raised from $100 to $150.69 and joined the 69ers <3 @Riggo49 hah I thought the same thing about $696,969 @ Simon Choy I don't think we have to worry about this here but it could happen to any project out there. 20 people bid a project up and then pull out last second could be disastrous. To all the pledge bumpers and new supporters... You Rock!!!! We are on pace to hit 10K today even with the loss of a 5K pledge!! @Rottenwood..... Just wonder if I will be able to capture the mystical 496,969... Even better would be the $696,969 or the even better $6,969,696 Are Lizzads the reptile form of Gon-ads? Honestly, a Larry banner SHOULD be misspelled. Hey, guys: it took a little research, but I found the exact spelling on the banners for the two of you who pledged $1,100 for the banners: "Leisure Suit Larry Returns to the Land of the Lounge Lizzads". Yes, no one noticed -- until it was too late. Definitely two of a kind and never to be made again! @Riggo - that capture is beyond epic. Well done! @David as I read somewhere else. Some people like to hold out for a sure thing. So it wouldn't surprise me to see a significant jump in backers once the initial 500,000 is raised. Link for a capture I caught a couple of days ago for the 69ers out there: <url>"Stinking Plaque". Nice...I see we have recovered from the loss of the 5k pledge. 17k more to go!!!! Upped my pledge to $150.69. Been a big fan of Al Lowe and Sierra since I first played "Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards" as a teenager back in 1987. I'm glad Al is getting the band back together, so to speak. Hey just wanted to bring you guys part 2 in my RetroRewind for Leisure Suit Larry games. Hope you all enjoy! <url>#shuttingupnow Is someone seriously thinking that, even if the plaque sees the light of the day, there will be no commemoration of Kickstarter in general???? I bet it will even be on the credits of the game! I love the 69ers plaque because it's funny and it's special. Everybody on Kickstarter pledges enough to get the reward tiers, and that's commendable. It feels really special to see a movement to pledge extra money on top of that gain traction because of a funny hook. I'm sure that everyone who contributed to the Kickstarter will be thanked at some point, as they should, but I like the 69ers plaque. and however you multiply it or reason it the reason this thing got made is because of the kickstarters and not the kickstart69ers.. however hilarious the .69 was... Again I must point out I did change my pledge to .69 and love the idea but if the plaque is to be made it should be made to kickstarters and not to the 69-ers in my opininion... we didn't put the extra 69 cents to be on a plaque.. we did it because we're juvenile and like to giggle to number 69... that's all... @Krid. That was what I was afraid of when I made my first comment and then revised later for clarification. It would be terrible if it doesn't get funded because it was at $499,998. So I'm hoping at least past $500,000, maybe $550,000 or hopefully even $600,000 so that doesn't become a concern. Just pledged my bit, and slapped $0.69 on as well! Keep up the great work! if you''re going to get all mathemathician about it, then ok there's no problem, I just wanted to speak up for the people that don't rea comments and also did pledge... I thought they would prefer a plaque (if some kind of it would be made) to be to kickstarter and not to kickstarter69ers... that's all... I'm not against .69... hell I AM one of the .69s but I just thought I if I pledged 500 and didn't have the time to read the comments I would rather see a plaque commemorating the kickstarters than 69ers... that's all... trying to think about the people that unlike you or me AREN'T spending their days refreshing this page hourly but still gave generously... that's all... @PrimeSpcts thanks... good memories :). @Christopher I believe it was Space Quest 4. I can still hear Gary Owens saying it. @Tata You are correct. I thought of that too. The proposed tribute to the 69's though sounds like it will be a general one. A plaque with a witty phrase or two and not a list of names. Maybe the plaque should be for "Insurmountable thanks to the Kickstarters and those **** 69's." "Need a Kickstart? Have the 69's play for your side." Something with a dialogue between Larry(brain) and the Narrator would be hilarious. * correction below should be bidder off, not bidder of The idea behind the $0.69 increase is that it gets the bidder of an exact amount for a tier and the entire portion of the extra $0.69 goes straight to development and not to tier rewards. @Tata again... Actually your example of the $500 pledger would be a 69er 724 times over... Blowing must of our dedications out of the 69' deep water. That is not funny at all (or Larry-ish). Also, I'm sure the game will have a tribute to Kickstarter and the backers, so I don't see the problem on having a plaque for this nice idea. @Tata... I would think that all backers could consider themselves members of the Kickstarter 69ers... Every pledge out there is some multiple of $0.69.. It is just a funny idea and the plaque would not list names, so no individual is left out. not to be a spoil-it-all but a thought occurs... there are many people that pledged to this idea with their money and didn't join the fancy comment frenzy. many of them pledged their hard earned money and just don't have the time to change their lets say 500 pledge to 500.69 It would be kinda sucky to them to put a plaque in lefty's to 69ers and not to KICKSTARTERS in general just because those people didn't read the comments. while I'm childlishly proud to be one of the 69ers I would rather have the aforementioned plaque give tribute to ALL kickstarters and that's the end of it Sad to say but a kickstarter project could be at $510,000 with a goal of $500,000 and a few people pull out last second and it does not get funded. I changed mine from a 40 to 75. I know its not much, but its what i can afford right now. We are so close. Guest Opinion: Why Funny Videogames Need a Kickstart <url>"That's an idea. Not a good one, but an idea nonetheless." I can't remember the game, but I laughed so hard. "I have an idea everyone ^-^ Stay tuned, hoping this works!" @John... How long do we need to stay tuned in for? Hopefully you are calling your Great Uncle Warren Buffett and getting him to buy one of the hidden 50K tiers. i put $100 into this. i haven't payed that much for a game in well. EVER. but this is Leisure Suit Larry. come on guys, let's blow past this 500k mark! This user's account has been deleted. Just upped from $15 to $30.69! :) @(all the responses) Thanks for being heartfelt guys. I understand the impulse reactions too. The momentum is still decent and actually a lot better than I had imagined around this time last week. I know most of us haven dreamed of something like this happening ever since Sierra went defunct back in the day. This is awesome to be a part of. Oh and I'll be joining the 69's very soon here. The greatest thing about this trend, besides the juvenile humor :P, is that: 1) it's raised a decent amount of money for the project and 2) it's created more money to be used just for the game. Increased difference between a lot of pledges and potential reward cost, so in long run it looks like this trend will help considerably :). Haha, I loved the blooper-real. Al is hilarious. :) Only 10 remaining of the Limited Edition :) love the .69 idea --> pledge upped to 119.69 :) I agree. And again, didn't mean to say all those that back out are trolls. I'm not upset with the individual that just pulled out. Or even the one that pulled out previously. Disheartened yes. But not upset. Heck, my own finances are pretty low. What I meant to say was, I hope we get much more than $500,000 so that, for whatever the reason, person facing financial reality or a true troll, that it would still be enough to keep it going. @Christopher Sand, completely agree man. I for one am stretching my budget to the absolute limit (and getting ripped by my fiance for it) after they bill me on may 2nd I'll be lucky to have $5 left in the account (lucky for me I get paid the next day :) ) upped my pledge to $150.69, wish I could pledge more but house payment and car payments have to be made. And as to the $5k backer pulling out well like Christopher said, you guys don't know what unexpected life events came up that required them to change their pledge amounts. Show a little compassion people, at least they didn't wait til the last possible second to change it....[off my soap box] 180k take 2. Yay, thank you Al and Josh for the .69-er-plaque in Lefty's. Looking forward to see it when I start alpha-testing. Don't worry about the 5k-leaver, we're still only a bit more than 20K from the goal, so we're right on track. The nostalgia. I typed 'open door' so many times I practically learned how to blind type from that. Only 7 days to go! Hope we can get more than $500,000 for more content! @chris. I apologize if I implied that the people that put up a big pledge, and then pull back are all trolls. I agree that sometimes, someone gets excited about the prospects of, in this case bringing back LSL, make a big pledge, and then realize they couldn't actually afford that amount, and are forced to either pull out or lower their pledge. It's still disheartening for whatever the reason. And being so close yet so far to $500,000 doesn't help either. @Christopher... I personally am not upset with the individual... 5K is a decent car, a few house payments, you name it. I could afford a 5K donation, but I could not afford losing half of what I own during a divorce. It's just deflating to be so close and see a pretty good step backward. Tends to kill the festive mood. wanna laugh? Al's outtakes @project home or <url>"cool" group ^^ The plaque is a AWESOME idea. Also I was thinking, if the Plaque didn't work, it would be a cool easter egg in the game to see a list of all the 69'ers. Kinda like in LSL Casino when you type in "alshead" Al Lowe's head would bounce around the screen. Maybe you could type in "Kickstarter69" and see a list come up with names, or a collage of everyone of the 69er's avatar. only about $18,700 left to go!! Forget $500K! New Goal: $696,969! C'mon folks, let's make those tumblers turn! I am now a proud 69er. "Wine 'em Dine 'em, then 69 'em! Or this... The Kickstarter 69ers "If you can't join'em, lick'em" @josh I'm sorry our .69 had become so popular.. In the beginning we were just 4 freaks with a silly idea.. ;-) But yeah thanks for supporting our efforts and silly jokes.. And now I need to go roll on the floor laughing :-D Ps: to everybody who hasn't already bumped up their pledge to .69 or 69k.69 Do so now and you are not only officially cool, silly and great but with the help of Al, Josh and the gang you'll also be part of the game.. Of course being cool and silly is more worth than that but anyway ;-) How about "In memory of the Kickstarter 69's, they never did know when to quit" Upped mine from $40.69 to $75.69. Need to be one of the 1st to admire the plaque dedicated to deviant, immature, lustful, sinful, fun-loving contributors on this board. :) Josh, that's so great! You and Al rock! And with that my pledge goes from $500.69 to $569.69! Yeah baby! joined the club. upped from 40 to $40.69 And who says that acting childish doesn't pay? It's proof right here that it does! 69 FTW! @ Josh : Very nice. Thank you. @Josh Thats very kind of you. Thanks from all the Sweet 69ers @Josh: Amazing! thanks a lot ! That's awesome news, Joshua! Thanks so much! @Josh: great!! Sit on my face, and tell me that you love me I'll sit on your face and tell you I love you, too I love to hear you ORALIZE When I'm between your thighs You blow me away Sit on my face and let my lips embrace you I'll sit on your face and THEN I'LL LOVE YOU TRULY Life can be fine if we both sixty-nine IF WE sit on our faces in all sorts of places and play 'Till we're blown away @Josh... Sweet!!! Thanks. Okay, everyone, you've got it! The 69ers will be commemorated in-game on a plaque in Lefty's. Wording to be determined, but we'll make it funny and appropriately honorific! @chris: that's just what I thought... that would be cool enough as it is.. I like when you refresh and the total goes up by just one dollar. you know someone just 69-ed their pledge. and an angel got it's wings. Never even thought of the plaque being a list of names. Just a single line...to the 69ers. those that know....know Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When i'm sixty-nine? bumped to .69 @serena I agree.. Both sexes can enjoy it :-D @josh wow.. You guys really rock.. We are grateful with whatever you finally decide.. This is all so surreal..great great great.. :-D @Riggo49: your idea is funnier than mine. Well done. Josh, something as silly as "This bar re-built one 69 at a time" would be hilarious. As several others have said, the fact you guys are monitoring this goes a long way. Great to see that the 69er idea has taken off to the point that those at Replay are considering giving something (whether it's a plaque or not remains to be seen). Even us ladies can have a perverted sense of humor at times. @Riggo49: That's a great idea. We're kicking it around! Thank you! and maybe if you click on the plaque it starts playing a snippet of the Monty Python song "Sit on My Face" :) At Josh.... I personally don't think the plaque would need to list all the names, just a mention of the perverted group on Kickstarter Our current concern is that we're likely to have a "plaque" that has many thousands of names. So we're examining what we can do for the 69ers (which may or may not be an in-game feature) to recognize their contributions, and their perverted sense of humor, but which doesn't result in a ridiculously long list. We will get back to everyone on this. For the time being, we need to focus on hitting that $500K mark ASAP and then getting as far beyond it as possible in the short time we have left! So we probably won't have a definite approach to the 69 issue for awhile, but rest assured that we're aware of this turn of events, and we want to come up with SOME good way to acknowledge it! 480,690 yeah baby :-D Bumped to .69 :) I have just upped my pledge by 69 cents as it seems to be the 'in' thing at the moment. @josh and tomtom: I agree and it gives us something to kill time while waiting for the $500.000 limit to be reached ;-) Yay :) I have also upped my pledge by symbolic 69 cents :p I wonder if point and click will remain as it is and be on the margin of modern gaming or it will grow to something new yet with the same ideas and feel... I personally love it as it is but new kids are for some reason more into aggressive fps lame games. That is the final QUEST bring back our genre where it belongs!: @josh mandel Just to know you guys are reading this and discussing it makes me happy.. and feeling embarrassed :-D *lol* @tomtom: it's amazing :-))) Makes me feel proud to have helped a little more then just my own pledge :-) For those of us that did some multiple of 69.69, does that make us some sort of weird double jointed contortionists? I have to tell you, that paints a heck of an ugly mental picture! @john k Arpin yeah we're cool and silly ;) *big larry smile* @ tomtom A 69er would put a smile on ANYONES face I just upped my pledge 69 more cents. now I'm at $150.69... I did it to be part of the cool people group. So why is everyone doing it? :P @tomtom Of course I dont mind man. Always good to see what everyones thoughts are on the thing. The way I see it you need to have quite a large amount of spare cash to get your face/name actually into the game at the higher tiers. But for just $0.69 you can have the a little teeny tiny bit of a warm feeling that , in a way, you are in the game. @rottenwood, jan bechtum, chris isn't it funny how our little idea has gained momentum.. this is great.. every new 69er puts a smile on my face :-D No promises yet, kids...we're discussing the implementation and what/how to do what we're talking about doing. But I did want you to know that we ARE listening and we ARE talking about it! @jester nice Yay! Thanks, Josh! What should the plaque say? How about something like: "In Loving Memory of the Kickstarter 69ers -- They Got What They Gave!" Bumped up now from 25 to 25.69 :) Well great news Josh.. Thanks for supporting our silly ideas ;-D Ok I just bumped up my $150 pledge to $169.69, great idea guys! Let's get this goal exceeded! Deep down inside we're all 69ers :D Woohoo Josh.. thanks! WE! ARE! THE 69 PERCENT! Thanks, Joshua! We're currently discussing the 69-cent Plaque idea internally and should have some news for you shortly! 20 k remaining. Nice. Welcome all new 69ers.. Thanks for all those cents ;) If you like Chris Jordan's idea of the commemorative plaque (I know I know rhetoric question..) Go vote for it here: <url>"assume" it's in the bank now. The 69 cent idea has been a great push. I have publicized it on my website and managed to send some supporters as well. It's a done deal but not until it's done! Just joined the .69 club I just had to join the .69ers group. I thought it was a great idea. Just upped my pledge to $500.69. Thanks to all you people who liked the plaque idea. Just came to me while I was walking past Glasgow central station and there was tourists taking a picture of a bronze plate saying it was opened by the queen in..such n such a year. And it hit me....You see lots of these little things on the side of buildings ( Glasgow has tons of buildings that once where the home of multimilion pound tobacco merchants or other great fiqures of history and are now just macdonalds). So what about leftys???? , the building could have once was a cultural spot that tourists went to see...and now its just a dive bar. Just my thoughts on how it came about... And to be honest the idea was only in my mind after the original $0.69 idea...so credit all goes to them Mark Crowe drew the girls in the first Larry. I think they're the best looking women of the text parser Larrys. Guy is crazy talented. EGA kicked amiga's butt! You really can't go wrong with something like this: <url>"zipper" responses. I have a two-way tie, both from LSL6: flashing the bungie girl from Larry's hotel, and peeing in the key return box for no reason. I agree. We need GOALS! Also pictures of the rewards and GIRLS on the front page. As much as I love the guy, there's too much Larry on the main page. Is today's Google's logo a celebration for Larry's remake? Reminds me of a specific command icon :) I upped my pledge, come on guys! EFIGS is in reference to languages available in the game, which stands for English, French, Italian, German, and Spanish @Jay EFIGs = Localizations in English, French, Italian and German. @ Mark and Rotten I totally agree, hopefully once the goal is hit in 2 days or so here that is what will happen. At minimum I hope they simply expand the existing locations, all of the rooms at Lefty's accessible, more rooms and places to visit within the casino and Disco. Small things like that would go a long way and would not require totally new story line as they could simply add in small details and things to pick up and explore with in those areas. I upped my contribution from $50 to $100; I think that if everyone chips in a bit, we'll hit the goal :) Go Larry !!! @Mark Doherty - Pardon my ignorance, but... What's EFIGS? @Mark Doherty - well said. All of the games I've backed had huge upswings in funding AFTER the goal was hit, as people are apparently more eager to spend their money on a "sure thing." (Or they still don't accept that Kickstarter only takes your money if the project succeeds.) This probably goes double for this game, since it's a remake at heart - the promise of specific new content at X Dollars would get a lot of people off of the fence, and keep your current cheerleaders plugging the game via social media in the hopes of a larger, deeper game. The game needs a final push. There's little doubt that it'll reach its goal now, but we all know everyone wants more from it. I would suggest that they need to announce some concrete stretch goals to garner interest and I'd recommend focusing on a content upgrade first over anything else including EFIGS (EFIGS could be done via post-release profits - content updates, not so much). Have a look at the Banner Saga - a few days before it finished, most people figured it'd just reach $600K. Then Stoic announced with around 3 1/2 days to go what would be funded at 600K, 650K, and 700K. The 600K almost everyone wanted (full orchestra by talented composer), so that was quickly surpased. The 650K was a bit contentious, but the 700K reward (city keeps in multiplayer) raised a lot of people's interest, and a game that was going to make around 600K got over 720K before the end. Replay needs to do something similar to build up hype in over/super-supporting the game. Instead of vague predicitons, lay down a promise of 10 new rooms if we hit 550K (or whatever's realistic). You've got a few days to discuss what's reasonable with your guys before it's too late to lay down some last minute stretch goals, Replay, and it's your best chance of firing up last minute interest. (Well that and an international buyers digital only tier.) @Jay Santos: yeah... great story.. :-D Thanks for the link Tinapple. I hit the like button to add that to my growing list of this effort to my facebook page. Maybe my 3 friends will contribute! "69 was s GREAT year by the way... Woodstock, first man on the moon (lust in space anyone?)" - And there were the whole "Good luck, Mr. Gorsky" thing as well :) Upped from t-shirt to bar-pack and added a '69. ;-) The goal is sooo close. Hey guys just like Rottenwood says.. We are the 69 percent.. And yeah 69 is great.. Erm was great :-D So here some new voting options.. <url>"WE! ARE! THE 69 PERCENT!" Thank you too Tomtom! Also LOVE the 69 plaque idea! New Post to help drive the pledges over 500k <url>"69 cents a day makes Larry a stay" Ps can't wait to get the screenshot for 499,969 ;) @Justin Favero The only other suit Larry needs is his birthday suit! @odd ball, have you thought of adding to that list of ideas new costumes/suits for Larry? Posted this on the forums but I shall post it on here as well: I know there is probably already goal plans but I thought a good way to drive up interest would be by having small goals (50k each) after the 500k is reached, like the below list and this poll should actually be on the front page of the Replay Games site and not the forums: Questions to pose: ]For the additional funding please vote and the top choices that match the extra funding received will get added to the game{All will cost 50k} - Option 1: New Girls Option 2: New Locations Option 3: Enhance existing girls stories Option 4: Better Art/Graphics Option 5: More Dialog Option 6: Localizations ( German, Russian, Italian, Spanish, French) Option 7: Easter Eggs (Raunchy & Pop Culture) Option 8: Old Game in New Game Option 9: More nakedness Option 10: More death sequences Once the project is closed and say for instance you get $750k funding, that would mean that you would get the 5 most popular options( 50k x 5) from the above poll and if you get 1 Million you get all 10! You could possibly get huge interest due to this poll request and subsequently more funding due to competition? Just .69ed Larry! I need a trauma counsellor... Pledge upped to $169.69 so I'm in the club twice :) @Al lol, talk about miscommunication, I laugh at how long those banners were in storage, or even which Larry game they were made for (which ex-sierra employee had that epic "mis-order" stored in their garage for how long?!) Unfortunately I couldn't afford anything near a $1100 tier, but thanks for replying ;p Same here! Added .69 cents Haha! That's it, you got me convinced ! i'm in the .69 club too !!! lol Ok. .69 from me too. Joined the .69 club \o/ 5% to go :) Yep pushed mine up by .69 also. This user's account has been deleted. Alright back again.. Welcome to all new Larry Kickstart 69ers, you're now officially cool :-D And just like the days before to everybody who hasn't already joined us feel free bump up your pledge by .69 69.69 or 69k.69 whatever feels good to ya.. And remember you will be praised for lifetime ;) The idea about our commemorative plaque in Lefty's would really be cool ( keep repeating it..probably it helps.. hinthint at least it did with the .69 :-D ) Upped my pledge by $.69 Great idea! Cool man, less than 25k to go, welcome Al to the madness that is this comments section.....damn need a boss button for my phone! Al...Make sure to read the suggestion on the plaque in Lefty's that pays tribute to the Kickstarter 69ers. This user's account has been deleted. wooo its Al :) Whose this Al Lowe guy, looks like a shady character to me! :D This user's account has been deleted. It's Al Lowe! Quick! Grab him! *attempts to grab* I've just got to say: I think the 69¢ idea is hilarious! Kudos to whoever came up with that one! @xrror - Yes, those typos really are on the banners, making them unique. Hope you got one! I really hope you guys exceed the goal and make something wonderful with Larry! Now if only someone would pledge $69,000 /:) Just upped my pledge to 169.69... hilarious idea! Nathan Simon www.Gizmocanada.com Oh, and I increased my pledge to $100.69, seeing as that is the cool thing that all the kids are doing. I finished off The Treasure of the Sierra On-Line blog series this past weekend with a post about King's Quest (a set of high resolution KQ icons are included): <url>"Lizard Suit Larry" ??? Had to up my pledge too! :D Now i'm at $69.69! The .69 idea was brilliant! :) Thanks brent!! Larry need us! Just upped my pledge from $100 to -->$500.69 ! Let's get the REAL Larry back! :D I hope you guys don't sell out the soul of Larry too much. While I'm looking forward to the remake and hawking some of the cameos I can deal with (as long as it isn't gratuitous), I'm really hoping the 'Ken Sent Me' doesn't sell. Congrats on reaching your goal, by the way. Here's to Larry living again, and to many remakes to come! Alright, I'm with you all. I just upped my pledge to $169.69. Hopefully I can finagle my finances a bit to allow me to up my pledge to $500, or more accurately $569.69, but not sure if that's going to happen. Also if anyone is looking for a fun read, or at least something I think is a fun read since I wrote it, please check out this link: <url>#foreveralone :( Woo the .69 bandwagon is gaining momentum :) Just went from $100 to $150.69. I couldn't resist having my own Lefty's shot glass. This user's account has been deleted. Hmmm, I'm seriously tempted to make my pledge end on 69.69 but wait a few days, until I get to see my account balance after my paycheck comes in. Should be right on time two days before the deadline. Ooops, only 8 days left! Time to hear from the man himself! Al where are you? Encourage us once more! :D one of the first games i've played and bring back good memories. can't wait for this come out. esp that al is back! @Riggo Ah, excellent. Heres hoping it meets it's goal soon, and then exceeds it. (100% funding is so pre-doublefine) @prototype... Yep..Each tier comes with the rewards from lower tiers. Hi all, I'm sure this has been asked, but does the $15 version come with the HD wallpapers? I feel ashamed to admit that while I've played and finished all the Sierra LSL games multiple times, the only ones I owned legitimately were 1VGA and 5. I was young, reckless, and a preteen Australian with no access to the wealth of games available outside the few games stocked in the handful of stores in my town. As I grew older and became gainfully employed, I realised that these games were someone’s babies, their bread and butter. And they brought me so much joy then, and now, I feel it’s fair to give full credit where credit is due. Upped my pledge to $300 pending how things go over the next week hopefully a little higher. You’re definitely worth it guys. Thanks again guys for wanting to bring back a style of something that's meant so much to so many people. Oh and Al. I emailed you once back in high school, and I thought it was really neat you took to time to reply to me personally, answering my questions and offering a little insight into your days at Sierra. And this was in 2000. Gabe Newell aint got nothing on you :) Ok, I increased my pledge to $500.69. (One of the proud 69 backers at this tier!) I'd have gone for $569.69, but jeez guys I gotta eat too! C'mon everybody! Dig a little deeper and let's make this happen! 30.000 more....go Larry go!!!! Now waiting from you to give Larry 1 the treatment it deserves....Royal (more rooms, more girls, more action, more fun)! $470K :-)) @riggo I missed it.. Well next chance 469.969 ;) Nice... Total of 469,699 took screen shot. Space Quest guys gave a really nice plug for the Larry kickstarter on their first podcast episode. Can listen on their website! Really excited about all these Sierra geniuses coming back together, its like a dream come true! <url>´re on the home stretch? GO LARRY GO... *WOOOHOOOO* !! @ Juhani <url>"We are the 69 percent!" @Chris...I love the plaque idea. :) 69 cents a day, makes larry a stay! :) Is it a safe assumption that the game will be published as a "Steam Play" title (PC + Mac version provided with one purchase) for those of us planning to request a digital download from Steam? I think ( if we make it...which we should) there should be a Commemorative plaque in leftys. "Remember the Kickstart 0.69ers" Or maybe not I just went from 100$ to 169.69 :) Upped my pledge to 40.69$ well...to 169.69 to have the 150$ option avaliable :P i've just updated my 115$ pledge to 120.69 :D. This must be a really cool game! I just through the page up on StumbleUpon. I've done this once before by accident, but my buddies web comic ended up with over a 1000% of his usual traffic, a lot of which turned in to steady return readers. Sunday evening until the evening of Monday is always slow, it will pick up, still hoping for a total around 750k but alas 600 - 620k is more likely 10$ less to go... Upgraded from the 15 to the 25 tier... Would have go for the T-Shirt tier if there where no additional fee for international shipping. I'm convinced of you send all your T-Shirts to Europe from Europe thus without the additional shipping fees, lot of people would upgrade to that Tier Yeah, the weekends are usually slow. We should be able to hit our goal easily once Al and Paul do their 'fireside chat' this week and then we just keep the pledges pouring in for the extra content. Weekend was a little slower than I expected, still over $10K each day. We should easily hit the goal this week and end up in the $600K+ range :) .. silence that is. I think i need a new keyboard which doesn't mix up my keys! :) .. The slience hours .. Typo: I be praised-> to be praised ;) Great to see so many people jumping on the .69 bandwagon :) For all the others who also want I be praised for lifetime ;) feel free to update your pledge to .69 69.69 or 69k.69 ;) We're almost there!!!! :) If only a half of the $15 guys upgraded to Game Plus, we'd be home free... $169.69 it is then :-) English can be strange sometimes .. i remember moving heaven and earth to find the word "thourougly" in colone's be quest Verry mildy :) @S. van Hengel: and that is putting it mildly... What the heck, I raised my pledge from 15 to 115 $ to get the collectors edition. I always was a big fan of Larry, now that we have the chance to make him come again this is the least I can do. Go Al and the team, I know this one will rock =) Dutch localizations are always crap when it comes to movies and games. Why don't you set up a wiki-like page for the more tricky translation bits, then see what the community comes up with. I mean, don't put up the whole dialogue, but there is some slang language and insinuations that are hard to translate, and for these it would make sense to get inspiration from the swarm. 34370 /9 days = 3818 A day! :) .. Lowest avarage last days : 10.000 "ETOBTP... Estimated Time of Breaking the Pledge Boundary : 4 days! :) It's probably got it's limits but you can use this code if you want to have the countdown and stuff embedded places: < IFRAME SRC="<url>" height="490" width="1050" > Replay Games needs a count down clock on their site/Facebook page and the option for others to use that clock on their own site. Hmmm will send them a message. Also changed my pledge from 165 to 169.69 Awesome, hope you guys make it. Honestly thought, I probably would've donated a lot more if this was a Freddy Pharkas: Frontier Pharmacist remake or sequel :) @Blake Curry: I believe we're still set on that one T-shirt. I doubt it's going to change, as I suspect they chose that design based on not only humorous appeal, but cost to produce. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. 69neered as well now :) Jumped from $15 to $165.69 :) I also went to 69.69. I started out as just a $15 backer, but the attention they pay to their messages and fans won me over. This user's account has been deleted. @Riggo49 exactly what I did and and totally by accident my pledge is now $269.69 Hi everbody, I've been telling all my friends at work about Larrys comeback. A couple played the first back in the day & are interested in this remake, & I hope I can help convince them to back it. Also I think i'm backer #1000 for the $100 pledge, not as good as #69 but still makes me happy. ok just jumped on the 69.69 bandwagon and upped my pledge to $169.69 because it's what all the cool backers are doing :p I bumped my pledge to $40. Don't know if I can get any higher(funds are tight for me), but I might try for $50. @Alex... To keep in the theme of things we would all need to bump by $4.69 :) If we all raise our pledges by $69 we will have over $1.1 million. @xrror I see what you did there... an extra 4 bucks each will get us over the line @Aaron & @Jan Bechtum Munro ok @Stian Haukeli Granheim: <url>#!/replaygames Anyone made facebook page for the new remake of the game ? We should reach 500k in about 4 days. we still need 40,000.....i think we need more perverted people 460k Nice! Cool idea, just updated my pledge by .69! :) Yeah keep those .69s flowing.. ;) Had to add my .69 cents as well...a truely inspired idea Updated my pledge as well :) As the old song goes - "Life can be fine if we both 69". @phillipe raskin 169.69 is really cool... Yeah man :) Great! Never thought you guys would follow my invitation for adding .69 That's so cool.. This way we can make another 6 or 7k Now everybody who hasn't already added .69 to his or her pledge feel free do to so..now :-D And you will be praised for lifetime... ;) While it does sound cool, I am kind of afraid the budget will be strained by the rewards already... I'd love a hint book, especially if it comes with a magic marker or one of those red films like the old ones used to have. I would love to see a physical hint book, like the one mentioned in the video, at the $75 tier. Not only would that make that tier look more attractive, but it would also make the $100 tier look more attractive. A physical copy of the game and a physical hint book to go with it? That reeks of nostalgia. @Riggo49: Fair enough. That's not a bad suggestion, a second digital download. @Zircon... Some of the suggestions for making the $75 tier more attractive are: adding a digital download for a second platform, adding a digital hint book, adding credit for the beta testers... At this point, none of these exist. The only incentive at the moment is to test the software... We are just suggesting additional ways to entice contributors up to additional tiers. Adding a 2nd digital download actually increases funds as the contributor is actually paying more than $15 dollars to move up a tier or two. Well it seems that this will see the green light ! Awesome ! Thumbs up for everyone backing this ... Cheers from Brazil ! @Riggo49: At some point, they have to stop adding rewards. It only adds strain to the budget. And you do get all the digital goodies at the $75 dollar tier, and likely your name in the credits(I'm assuming they'll credit their playtesters). I added 69 cents, what a cool idea. Okay, 0.69 $ more from me, too. :-) Also updated my pledge from 150 to 169.69 ^^ Ps : great idea by the way Funny. Will update my pledge later tonight when im home from 1000 to 1069.69 or 1015,69. If they would fix the $75 tier like I suggested on the forums (i.e. Something more than just the opportunity to test buggy software), I would gladly bump my contribution $35.69 as I am sure quite a few more would. Instead of adding a $5 tier which has reaped a whole 6 backers in three days, they need to tweak some of the higher ones to motivate more to move up. Off my soapbox now. So thats 1.38 $ more cash..great job now the other 10324 should join us.. To jump on the bandwagon I just changed my pledge from $265 to $269.69. :-) me too.. 69 cents added just now.. :-) @bob congrats!! There you go: added .69 to my pledge as well. @jan I was going for the ken-sent-me edition 50000.69 ;-) Well at least in my dreams... @bob michiels thanks for the info.. So I will keep my .69 pledge :) @ Rottenwood I did add .69 to the first pledge I made about 10 days ago. It's funny you had the same idea.. I imagine if all of us add .69 that could add some well needed additional cash.. (hint... ;-) Now I gotta add .69 to my pledge - my juvenile sense of humor demands it! @tomtom: have you tried both $5000,69 and $5000.69 ? ;-) It's impossible to get to 69 at the $1000-tier, which is were I'm at. And @Rottenwood: I think you can pledge with cents attached. @Rottenwood I actually did pledge with .69 added in :-D but now that you said that they don't accept it I'm confused?! I don't want my pledge to fail.. Does anyone knows how this works? Please help spread the word on your Facebook and everywhere you can, let's make sure that we make that project a success !!! well.. at least we now also have 69 @ $250 :o) @draksig No, no, no and no. I hope that Larry never becomes first person game. It has to remain 2d. hmmm... the magic number on the $500 tier is back... :-/ @Doug Baxter - thanks for the great pledge! If only they took donations with cents attached, so we could all do our donations with a .69 added in. I really liked Sabine's video, now how about a video with Leslie Balfour? The tax refund showed up so I bumped my pledge to $500. In doing so, I messed up the 69 donors at that level and became donor 70 so for those of you that enjoy such numerology, I apologize! However, given all the fun I had and playing these games and how it got me interested in programming, I in a very real way owe a chunk of my career to Al et all who got me hooked on writing code. @S. van Hengel, that is promising news!! Love that series. I decided to donate right away and knew from the beginning it would be at least $75 so I can be part of beta testing. For those who complain that this is just a remake of the original game, they have to prove to the money people that there is still a market for this kind of game. The problem is that simple and comparatively cheaper to make apps, like angry birds, has a higher return on investment than large scale games do and most larger scale games nowadays are first person shooters. How cool would it be if they could do Larry as a first person perspective game? How expensive would it be if they could do Larry as a first person perspective game? This user's account has been deleted. @Gary the creators of Space Quest are going to make a new game as well. -> <url>"in the loop", feeling and "tasting" the development is almost as exciting as playing the game for me! :) (i am a software developer ;)) also al and the gang walking through the original game and telling anekdotes about everything they see :) kinda like the audio commentaries you get on DVDs @Martin, it sounds like you have some very bad/wrong options set on DOSBox. I recently ran the first 5 Larry games (including both AGI and SCI versions of Larry 1, but only the high res version of Larry 6) without any flickering or screen tearing at 1920x1080. There was some glitching, but it pertained to the audio: the AGI version wouldn't play audio at all in full screen (which was fixed by using OpenGL and scaling rather than a simple 2x full screen), and the Roland MT-32 emulation would sometimes lock a note always on (highly annoying but it usually goes away when a new song starts playing.) In fact, DOSBox did better SCI emulation that I stopped using FreeSCI (now incorporated into ScummVM) years ago. Also, in ScummVM you can turn off the rasteration in Sierra's EGA SCI games. It makes the games look a bit nicer, thought that is of course subjective. @Naikel Aparicio: I actually compared LSL2 in DOSBox and ScummVM, and it ran smoother in ScummVM. In DOSBox the transitions was a bit choppy, and the menu was flickering. Also there was some annoying screen tearing when Larry walked. In ScummVM everything was rock solid. I really like DOSBox, but it seems like ScummVM is better optimized for some games, give it a try! I think props should be given to Irishmile who, if I'm not mistaken, came up with the leisure suit and chain T-shirt idea. And I agree that shirt does look cool. @Martin Are you talking about LSL1 Remake? If you are fan of the original LSL1 like most people here (with the parser), DOSBox is better option. ScummVM is like 95% compatible. DOSBox is like having an old 8088 computer at your hands, and it'll be 100% compatible with all the old games. I agree with the others here that you should make the medallion t-shirt available. It's awesome!! If you give people a choice between the different t-shirt designs and sizes, I think a lot of people will raise their pledges! I suggest using the installers for ALL the old Sierra games. They are easier than trying to emulate them yourselves: <url>{my wallet just screamed :)}! Tex Murphy to start next month! I've played Softporn through myself. The writing is far below Larry 1, but the puzzles are pretty similar. And it has one very strange room, that wasn't used in Larry at all, which was a good thing, as the puzzle in it was very odd. Great article Chris! 10k backers 2k comments 450k pledged...drinks are on me guys :) <url>"Larry Games" hurt the franchise almost irreparably and as soon as they started doing interviews, posting video updates and opening a forum it really showed that the personal at Reply Games & Adventure Mob are seriously professional and really love the old Sierra adventure game! I really want this project to make it to 750k, then I think we will see something very special and I cant wait for LSL2 & LSL3 to be remade! I'm impressed the way this seems to have gone a different way than the other Kickstarter projects. Most seemed to get the bulk of their funding in a couple of days, but this one seems to have acted like a sleeper. I thought for ages it wouldn't make it but the funding has really picked up in the last couple of days.. Most people agree, keep the audio in english and provide subtitles. It's better for every reason. Just checked out the latest video and it doesnt seem too bright on linux (desktop) in point of view. As i backed there were some promises to make linux port but obviously the only linux port will be for android platform which is ya... "a linux port" but not in a form id like to have it as in desktop. They seem to use unity 3 engine which hasnt been ported to desktop GNU/linux and the engine maker struggles with the old chicken egg problem where nobody wants to take the first step really support linux platform and back their asses in the 1%-quote which you can allways fall when you fell discomfort of real cross-platform support for desktop linux. I have been watching this closely and finally caved and put down 100 bucks, lets get this game funded! Hopefully 10 000 backers when I wake up tomorrow! :) Thanks Zircon. I just noticed your post. Now you made a lier of me, here I am posting again..... Maybe we can all hope someone who worked there in those days "Took work home". Weirder things have happened. Last post tonight I need to clarify. I want to see the game happen the shirt thing would be good. Oh just thought of this...Another way to get the message out and even get more funds. Contact online novelty t-shirt sellers and sell the shirts there. Even if the buyers don't contribute directly you could get a percentage of sales. And as Charlie Sheen seems to believe "Any publicity is good publicity!" I want to see this happen! I am as excited about this as Larry standing in the Playboy mansion! @Roger: It has been suggested several times. The problem with this is they literally do not have the original game any more; according to Al Lowe, Sierra's archive that had all of those assets(source code, artwork, animation, etc) is gone. It was lost during Sierra's "death spiral". So that easter egg would basically coding the game twice. Which takes time and money from other areas. First off to those seeing odd e-mail activity. I have been seeing some really odd coincidences in the spams I have been receiving and it all started BEFORE I pledged. Everything I am seeing leads me to family members and friends less than secure ways of doing things online. Secondly and more important to LSL, I havent been watching comments but has anyone suggested they imbed the original game as a "Easter egg"? Like they did in Day of the Tentacle" the toys in the video brought that to mind. I voted for more content. Seemingly the original story was very short by todays standards. That won't satisfy modern tastes I'm afraid. +1 PSN version. AND I just upped my pledge! After all, this is the first and probably only time I back something on Kickstarter, so why not go full force? Come on, everyone can do it! +1 PSN version Thank you to whomever snagged the naked edition. Please don't withdraw that pledge. This user's account has been deleted. @Blake Curry: If Replay gets enough funding, it's in the plans. This user's account has been deleted. Agreed love the leisure suit design but as Aaron Munro said "only if it was white and not grey" WOOT! Another high roller! Hope he doesn't pull out prematurely. I hate it when they do that. Hell yeah, thanks 5ker!!! I'd by the Leisure Suit design too! Only if it was white and not grey though... I hope it's Notch. :) Hey! A 5K pledge! Great! Wonder who will be the broke gambler wandering the streets wearing a barrel? Whoever you are: THANK YOU! (and please don't withdraw your pledge) Did we just get a $5,000 pledge, or something? I also love the "leisure shirt" design. If they ever offer it for sale I would snatch up one in a heartbeat. well if there's a way to choose which size of shirt you want (as someone said in the comments before) there should be a easy way to let people choose between 2 different shirts as well? or am I wrong? I love the medallion T-shirt design too! I'd be seriously tempted to up my pledge to the $40 level if that were offered... @Tata: Agreed. That shirt has to make it to the Replay store at some point. like AL mentioned alot of us played the game has *cough* "shareware" *cough*, back then i was young [13 years old] and had no money to speak of [not an excuse]. but now that i'm adult, i felt it was my duty has a larry fan [al lowes version] do help out this time arround. i hope my measly 100$ [+15$ shipping] pledge help out to get to 500k :) The shirt where you can look like Larry with the medallion and all is AWESOME! :D Find a way to offer it to the public even if it didn't make it in the final cut. There's a shirt for boosting your spirits when you go to bar to pick up women if I ever saw one! (and if you don't pick up anyone you can always blame it on the shirt) :) this is awesome :D only 65k :D My God, Leisure Suit Larry is getting mentioned in the Wall Street Journal. This year has been surreal. The Wall Street Journal has a video up on Youtube, about the game <url>"large box" and "extensive manual" to nudge me in that direction. @ Arto we need 6220$ per day to reach goal. Usually we do 10-12k per day, so reaching the goal won`t be a problem. LOL, please add $15 for international shipping for the $5k pledge...must be intended as humor. :) 12 days to go. This is getting interesting. Let's hope for the best. (And fear for the worst) >_> Looking forward to this! I love the old Sierra Adventure Games, hopefully if this takes off, someone will take a look at Hero's Quest/Quest for Glory @Philip Tarpley: Whoops, goofed the link: <url>"flushed" during their "death spiral" - source code, artwork, everything. That explains why the Space Quest collection that's for sale these days was done the way it was(original DOS games & DOSBox) - there wasn't any other way. @Philip Tarley, Al talks about it on the Game On interview at about the 10:44 point. @ZirconJimLaffer83 - Regarding the source code thing...where did you see Al say that. That is positively insane. @tser inderdaad helemaal mee eens! Ik denk dat de game gewoon maar in het Nederlands gemaakt moet worden in plaats van het Engels… dan kunnen de Engelstaligen deze keer Nederlands leren! :P @anim8 You are welcome.. Let's celebrate once 500k is reached! This user's account has been deleted. @Jespher: LOL! That would be a great addition to the age verification. @Johnny Hero: While it's an interesting idea, Al Lowe has stated that Sierra's entire archive, including all the source code and artwork, is gone. So they'd have to recode the entire game twice in order to do that - which is costly, and probably at the expense of other feature that would be better to include. Nice thought, though. Who's O. J. Simpson? :-) I think it would be fun if they include an option to play the two older versions as well, so we could see the graphical and technical evolution. Hmmm, I wonder if possible to host a 3rd Party Leisure Suit Larry Casino server, If possible I wouldn't mind hosting it. 70k to go! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for bringing back the "real" Larry (the previous two games were abysmal). I remember my parents bought me these games when I was a kid (got the first one at the ripe old age of 10!). They always wondered why I was asking them all of these questions that had no bearing on my life! This is going to be so great! I can't wait to see what you guys come up with! <url>"Guys and Gals, there are some voting options on the Replay Games forums go vote <url>" This user's account has been deleted. Actually, I'm not sure having voiceovers in different languages would even really benefit the people who speak those languages. I've seen many stories about how people learned English from the original LSL and other adventure games. I also think that it is better to experience movies, games, and music in the original language, and rather have subtitles if needed. How about giving Larry a deep, low voice instead of the pathetic whiny voice we all know now? :) Oh yeah...smooth...:) Recording voices even in one language costs a lot of money. I think it's ridiculous to want to spend any money on localisation at this point, besides subtitles, when the money could be spent on extra content. Isn't that what we all want? If the game makes a profit from sales then they can also concentrate on localized voice acting. Let's focus on reaching the goal first. I'm not getting nervous but I WANT THAT GOAL REACHED! I honestly believe translated subtitles should be enough for everybody. No need to spend money on multiple voice actors when you can use it in more content. Of course I'm all in for extra content.. But after this it would be great to have more languages.. And I think there are some more people affected here.. Spain, all of South America, France, Canada, Italy. So Germany is probably the smallest part here.. ;) @S.van Hengel : yeah.. Google is great ;-) *lol* That's a horrible idea, spending funding on a German speaking larry only benefits Germans (and people from other schnitzel countries). New locations and girls make us all happy. @Tomtom ...google chrome translates automatically if you wish :D Ciao, se vuoi una versione italiana di Larry Reloaded 1 (come Larry 7 :-) Quindi voto e con un po 'di fortuna, Replay Games sarà una versione in italiana: <url>ón en español de Larry Reloaded 1 (como Larry 7 :-) Así que voto y con un poco de suerte, Replay Games estará una versión en español : <url>çaise de Larry 1 Reloaded (comme Larry 7 :-) Alors voter et avec un peu de chance, Replay Games fera une version Française : <url>ür ab und mit ein wenig Glück wird Replay Games dann auch ne Deutsche Version machen: <url>"goods" but about funding this project. Therefore I upped my pledge with 25 $ although that didn't get me to the next tier. It's understandable but also funny to see people pledging just enough to get to some tier. Oh, well. I guess the guys at Replay have chosen the tiers and the costs correctly and know what they are doing. Thanks Guys - Have upped to $55 @jonny That's correct. @Jonny Yes pledge 55 if you want the 40 dollar pledge to account for international shipping. I have a question i just upped my pledge to $40 as i want the T-Shirt. I'm from the UK so if i want to do the $40 pledge do i need to pledge $55? to cover shipping I can't wait for this game too I was just about to post same link as Odd Ball :D lol that application is awesome! GO GO funding! to 500k and beyond! @Odd Thanks for linking that :) Guys and Gals, there are some voting options on the Replay Games forums go vote <url>"talk to", "ask about", etc. The later point and click is alright though not quite as challenging asking and doing the correct thing to move on. Are the remakes going to keep the the text interface, use point-click, or a hybrid of both? Eh, backers. @windows phone team,get backers in the dictonary :P I'm doing a whole blog series on Sierra On-Line. I previously wrote about Space Quest, and my next post is about King's Quest. What with this and Jane Jensen's Kickstarters, and Mark Crowe and Scott Murphy reuniting after 20 years, it is an inspiring time to be a fan of classic Sierra adventures! I can't wait to see where this all leads. @riggo, one small step for the hackers, one great step for the pledge :) I might have shared this on here before, but I wrote a blog about my first experience with Leisure Suit Larry this past weekend: <url>"Larry Theme" and always wished that there were more of his playing on that game's soundtrack. Now that it's looking like the Kickstarter campaign will be successful, perhaps we can also cajole Al into playing some saxophone on the soundtrack! @riggo : goals of today : 10.000 backers! :P We're getting so close... C'mon, Replay Games, and give us some stretch goals! I just want everyone to know what my expectations are... I expect the rest of the world (GMT +- 2 hours) to have hit 10,000 backers and the 500,000 goal by the time I rise in the morning. Thank you :) Hey just wanted to let you guys know that on our recent podcast we discussed Leisure Suit Larry. The talk happens from 50 minutes 4 seconds through 51 minutes 33 seconds. Now yes, I admit this is a nothing amount of time, but we sadly were running out of time and I became aware by this point of the technical issues we were dealing with. (Speaking of, our sound quality is usually 100 times better, so sorry on that.) Anyways, just thought I'd post here and let you all know. Hopefully we can discuss it more in detail on our next episode. Thank you for all of your great work. Can't wait to see the rise of Larry once more. <url>"wiggly" cartoonish version- any PS wizards interested in giving it a bash for amusement? :) Who designed the Lefty's T-shirt? I like how they went with the original door material- it looks like a new-style Lefty's. I like! :D @ Renat! Great video! Made me want to play the games all over. Especially 2, 3 and 5, it's been so long since I played them. @Renat Thanks for the trip down Laffer memory lane! Love those ladies:-) Hey I was just reading Slashdot, and I saw a post from a guy that had what I thought was a interesting Idea. The ability to give the gift of Larry. Seriously the ability to give someone this gift I think is a great idea. I can think of a few people that enjoyed the series enough who would love this as a gift. So, jumped up my pledge... Between this, Shadowrun, and Wasteland 2 my wallet is going to be hurting in a couple weeks. I have to do what I can though. Some of my fondest memories on a PC were playing Larry games and other old school adventures from Sierra. I imagine that is why I also have Leisure Suit Larry collection and bought the Ultimate Pleasure Pack too. It would be great to see this, and any following remakes, become a hit and corrupt a whole new generation. At the end of the line I just hope there is Lust in Space. Getting clooooser... Cloooooser... I've made а video to support Larry, hope it helps: "Leisure Suit Larry History" <url>"Lefty's Bar Survival Essentials kit" that additionally adds a ring, rose, remote control, and hammer ;D since you're wondering, it was posted on slashdot.org - that's probably the cause of the traffic spike @ChristopherSand Hehe, or even better - Roberta >;D @xrror I was thinking the same thing earlier, I agree :) It would be completely hilarious if Ken Williams himself pledged for the "Ken Sent Me" tier. That would be epic =D Liked what I saw checking out the site today. Upped my pledge from $100 to $150 dollars. Love what I am seeing so far. Donated $15 and 5 minutes later donated $40 since I had to get that T-shirt. I'm going to feel like a peacock strutting around with that thing (not a feeling wholly unfamiliar to me). @MrSlippery519 O bad mistake from my side. Only wish that I could give more money to this project. @ Ein...there is I spot open, meaning there are 3 seats taken. It going forward, but there is only 1 Lefty's bar member left. Where they are gone?^^ Wow, Codename: Iceman. That was an initially promising game that devolved into *by far* the worst game Sierra ever made. It required you to win a 100% random chance game multiple times (with limited possible save games), and no actual indication that doing so was necessary -- or that the game was even there -- in order to complete the game. I can't believe how fast the pledges are flowing in the last few days. Looks like we could probably fully fund this thing relatively quickly :) @Don Stephens - every bit helps. If you still feel an odd sense of guilt, go get your shameless plugging in. I'm in! wish I could do more. @Tam Pham - Haha! The game creator Jim Walls was maybe a bit TOO realistic on that one. Nice flow on pledges right now! I upgraded to $40 for the T-shirt. No way am I missing a Lefty's Bar T-shirt. @roymartin The submarine part was ridiculously hard! I think i could have manned a real life sub after beating that game. Maybe thats why i ended up loving the hunt for red october so much! @Paskarl; I dunno, a LSL Kart-style game would be a winner. Larry driving a little beaver car, Patti riding a log, the rude cabbie knocking people off the road... with homing **** for weapons and used lubbers to drop behind your car like banana peels. IT'S GOLD, JERRY! @Tam Pham I never got past that *"#&! submarine in Codename Iceman. Loved the game up until that stage, though. "Codemasters is no more: meet Codemasters Racing. Codemasters Racing is a new label...and will be the home of Codies' racing brands." Great news - so they could give away the Larry license ;-) I hope that there will be update when we reach 450k. It would give us nice push for the final 50k. I loved all the original sierra games! LSL taught me you could die from not putting on a rubber, that you could make rope with dope and so much more! I remember having the hint book and using the red film that came along with it to find the answers! Please bring back all the original devs for all the Quest games....and bring back one of my favorite games....CODE NAME ICEMAN! I literally got a geography bee question right because of that game because it taught me where the bering straights was haha Let's keep it up people :DDD Happy to see that this has finally woke up the way it deserves! Upgraded from $100 to $150. Lets make this happen! I convinced a few people on one of my forums to back so far ^-^ a few already pledged $100 each! Wooo! Lets keep this momentum! Whoa! 100 more backers since the last time I checked. I guess the Slashdot interview helped. I'm guessing Larry has spent the last few days exposing himself to get the word out. @ Riggo certainly not going to complain just noticing the trend :). There is already more backers so far today than all of yesterday. Word is getting out!! @MrSlippery... I noticed that myself, quite a few new backers since this AM. Let's keep on keeping on. Too early to party. This must have been posted somewhere big today??? Seems like the number of backers over the past few hours is going up quick Yeah, that 10K bid came in when spirits were a little down... it really got everyone going again. We owe Longbow a ton. I'm a little late to the party, but I have just one thing to say: . HUZZAH! We breached $400k! Let's make it to $500k by the end of the week. . A special shoutout to our main man Longbow for pledging a whopping $10k last night. Say hi to Al for me. ;) 2D all the way! ok you got me, upgraded to $150 @MrSlippery519 I've been flooding all my community drinking holes with many a plug for this project ^-^ Lots of my common forums now have posts about this. I'm sure that's the cause of the boost. Well possibly not :P I'm sure its just cause it's an awesome project and word is just finally getting out more and more. I say we set our goal as a community to get the game to its $500k mark today ^-^ I already convinced my brother to jump up 3 reward tiers ^-^ It seems to really be picking up steam since the new updates...keep up this pace and we might hit to goal by the end of the weekend :) there are some people talking about a larry game in 3D..... just to get this clear I LIKE MY ADVENTURES IN HANDDRAWN 2D AND BEAUTIFUL, thank you Just bumped from $15 to $40. If I don't get this game, I'm going to be very sad. @John k Arpin @RoyMartin You greedy bastards :) Who wouldn't want to listen to Al talk about Larry for hours and throw in some dirty jokes as a bonus? Hope he does another video where he talks about Larry 6 and 7. I was also a little disappointed that he didn't cover them in the pitch video. @James Glen Goldsmith oh I know there's no part 4, hence the name Missing Floppies :P just be cool if he mentioned anything about it, like what REALLY happened to the game (which as far as I know never been 100% confirmed, weather the game was really lost, deleted, or the Al Lowe saying "LSL is a trilogy, not making a 4" then skipped to 5) or what may have happened in it if it existed @John K Arkin - There was no Larry 4. It's joked about but never made. <url>#Adventure_games It would be nice to see Al doing a retrospective analysis of sorts of original LSL1 @tinapple Only 2 hours? thats over 10 years of Leisure Suit Larry games to cover, is that gonna be enough time? @tinapple Two hours would be fine by me ;) @Replay Games: 410K! It's good time for extra funding milestones announcement. It would be indeed fun to have another video of Al talking about the Larry games for two hours. Too much? Alright, but at least for 10 minutes. Guy Levy: Lets get to the minimum 500k first. This is so exciting! This game and all the quests were a great part of my childhood. I'm 34 now and so glad that I can contribute to this. I hope we top $1 million or more! Also I would LOVE to see another video of Al Lowe talking about the rest of the Leisure Suit Larry games, as he did in the main Kickstarter promo. He got to 5, entered the sierra door and stopped there. I just feel there needs to be a sequel, kinda left on edge here, just need a quick mention of Leisure Suit Larry 6, 7, and Casino, and maybe mention 4. @RoyMartin @Admiral von Snugglesworth WOO! I hope so, 2D is the way to go! ^-^ I remember reading an interview with Al Lowe YEARS ago of what he would have done for Larry 8 and he was leaning towards cel-shading or animated sprites in full 3D environments. Would have been cool. Now it's actually possible. @John k Arpin: Doubt you have to worry about that, assuming there will be an LSL8. In a way I'm very happy LSL8 was cancelled in the 90's. 3D just wasn't up to snuff with how it should actually behave with an adventure game, and still has a ways to go in my opinion. . There was an article a few years ago written by Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw about whether the move to 3D was a good idea to begin with. While I don't entirely agree that it was a bad idea, he did make a good point in that most handrawn 2D still looks good, even games that are over 10 years old like Leisure Suit Larry 7 and Curse of Monkey Island. Sure, there's some pixelation there, but it's decent. Compare that to a PS1 game of the same year, even a PS2 game a generation later. They don't age gracefully. . Admittedly, we are getting to the point where console generations are lasting a lot longer because the hardware is much more powerful, but buying a 3D engine just for Leisure Suit Larry would be way too expensive. Unity is a great engine, but I'm VERY happy they're utilizing the 2D side of it with some 3D features rather than doing a full 3D adventure with it. The characters should most definitely remain 2D UNLESS they are given a really high-end engine license years down the road. @ John I would think they'd keep it in the classic 2D cartoony look. Hopefully they will, at least. I'm not sure if this has been commented on before or not. I hope if they do make a true LSL 8 that they keep the classic 2D Cartoony look to it, and not go 3D like the LSL 8 test demo or MCL & BOB. Just my opinion ^-^ @Blake: Those two games are the pinnacle, especially Box Office Bust. You can sit for hours, drive around the golf cart, play countless missions and absolutely nothing happens. It's incredible. @tinapple, Don't be sure. Once those guys are out on parole, I'm sure Replay can give them a home. Unfortunately no one from the team that made those two wonderful games will be involved in this one, so it probably won't be of the same quality, but if it will be half as good I'm sure we'll all be more than happy. @Blake...LOL! This user's account has been deleted. @Blake yeah you only need to pay extra if you're outside the US This user's account has been deleted. Yeah, the Pebble will surpass all the game projects by far, but I think it's not quite the same thing as what we have going on here. The "backers" of that project are primarily just preordering a more expensive product. A $10000 pledge here means someone really wants to support this project. A $10000 pledge for the pebble watch means someone bought 100 watches for distribution. Biggest project in Kickstarter is no more a game: <url>… hoping that if we go beyond the 500k, Al, Josh, Paul and the gang would have extra money (not to buy extra magnets or extra underwear with Larry's face on it (yuk!)), but to put more rooms and more ladies and more puzzle IN THE GAME. Therefore, if Replay were to announce that they are creating new rooms with one extra lady if we reach 550k (or whatever new target they set), I would increase my pledge from 15$ to 100$ (and I don't even want the junk to be shipped to me). Such commitment would definitely help new people to back the project as well. I am backing a game. Money must go in the game. I want Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizard Reloaded with Extras. I want Larry 7 to 25 to be made (imagine LSL - Retirement Home Kama Sutra Viagra Party). I am sure Al and Josh already have tons of idea. Thank you. My Uncle had and played the game... that is how he knew it was not appropriate for a 12 year old!! We must make this Kickstarter happen or else THIS is how younger generations will remember Sierra games: <url>"Manage your pledge" @carstenp there is a field named manage your pledge to the right of these very comments. just change your amount and your reward and you're done :) How can I up my pledge from 15 to 25? I hope they are planning a Mac version! I had a idea lol ...-> <url>"This plus all previous reward tiers!" as you can read for every pledge-level on the right, not good enough for you? what sort of clarification do you want? Upped to $250 from $100. I would like some clarification to just confirm that we actually will get all the previous tiers though. Something kind of like the faq that wasteland2 did for each reward tier bonus. Nice to see the new tier as I couldn't justify the leap from 100 to 250 in my head, but the memorabilia in the 150 tier made it a worth it in my opinion. That and I was one of those dirty pirates when LL1 was released (I didn't know any better; I was 11 or 12 back then). Have great memories of me and my friend who brought me the disk trying to solve the age verification questions and of Al destroying my innocence with his humor. @S. van Hengel: Hahahaha Yeah I just saw their post before that one. Duhhh @Aaron ....i think you're missing the "sarcasm" :) @tinapple: That's a horrible idea! Al wants NOTHING to do with these sandbox games that ended up in the dumpster. I think that if they decide to change the main character to Larry Lovage they would have a lot more backers. That guy was hilarious. I'm just saying. So its looking at about 650/700K if things turn out well. :) <url>"box office bust 2", I'm outta here. Ha! My firstborn child will be named after Longbow2012 :) @Adam Keener: Whoa, easy there. We'll make it to 500K - likely past, but how far is hard to say. But please don't criticize people for what they choose to back - we all have our own interests. Or budget limits! :-D Basically, don't worry, and calm down. We're looking good now! C'mon people need to stop funding these other garbage games here. Larry is classic and Lowe is hilarious. I was really hoping for 600k for extra stuff. Love Larry so much I just gave him a "handy". Saving for a motorcycle so $250 is my donation. Might scrounge another $250 at last second. All you cheap bastard open your wallets $15 bucks is all you can spare for king Larry. All right, everyone, we're in the home stretch! If you need more cash for the new tier, just save your games and bet it all, then reload if you lose-- *Jacques blocks the option, gives the stinkeye* ...nevermind D: Loved the t-shirt when I saw the 'reopened in 2012' banner I thought it'd be neat for a sign on Lefty's window 'Under Old Management' 400k!!!!!!!!! Way to go everyone! cmon 100k to go - we can do this 400K WOOT! YESSSS 400k! Keep it going lads and keep sharing! How I feel right now: <url>"lubber" you want at the $100+ tier. @Frederic Hamra: If you mean when is Replay going to let you pick a size, after the Kickstarter is over, there's a mechanism for them to send out a survey asking you what size you want. nice update and i love the t-shirt , wondering when we will able to ask about the size :) Great update Paul! If you offer some goodies at the $750 level (like the Larry bobblehead) I'll be upping my pledge. :) @David: That starts out at $100. Just upped to 165 - how could I not? I think I'm addicted to shot glasses. Well....scotch, actually, but the shot glass helps.... I would love a tier that allows me a physical copy of the game, just that would be great- I don't need a shirt, Larry loves Shirtless O'Clock. This user's account has been deleted. @Riggo49: They want suggestions for new tiers added in the forums (<url>"listening to the people" seems to be somewhat lacking end IMHO. The licensing issue seems to be at heart. (Remake a popular title to see if any further would be successful). Take my bantering with a grain of salt, let's say I come from the ScummVM world and I'm probably over analyzing the business motivations. Nothing personal at all. *heart* Tell me I'm wrong! Help me be less cynical =) Great idea on the new tier; should be a big hit! Screw keeping to the entertainment budget. Upped to $150. Let's make this happen! Also Upped mine from 100 to 150 ! And I think I'll go till 200 if you guys add a step between 150 and 250 with some new stuff ;-) Ps : thanks for your great work Paul, you rock ! Sorry thats 165 taxes in... its pretty cool on how much you get for 150... Yep, just upped my tier to Lefty's Bar Pack as well. Im upping mine! @Kenny, every reward includes the previous ones.... "This plus all previous reward tiers! (Please add $15 for international shipping.)" so pledge 155 and your golden... SO MUCH GREAT STUFF!!! Nice new reward tier. Upping my pledge to grab it. @Kenny: "PLUS you’ll get all the previous reward tiers" Hilarious and wonderful! First, everyone who wanted a tier between $100 and $250, YOU GOT ONE! So bump up the pledges! Secondly, I am so squeezing $40 from somewhere because I want that T-shirt! The new reward tier is good.. but I would like to ask if $250 tier contains the reward of $150?? Hey! Nice t-shirts! :) Love the back! I hope some people will bump pledge, attracted by the 400k level ... Should happen tomorrow, I really hope ... 109,000$ left .......hope it will happen :D That's an awesome idea Erwin, I would also bump my pledge up again from the $100 mark if they included a new tier with a Larry Bobble Head. Great idea! This user's account has been deleted. 10.000 backers is coming! \o/ 400 k is coming!!!! \o/ Over 390k, great day ! I can't wait the total pledge to reach 400k and then get some reactions about it from the team ^^ I trust Replay games that they wont dumb the game down, I really dont think they'll do that. According to Jane Jensen's Kickstarter page she has a good solution on her upcoming adventure game Moebius, with one "easy" mode and one mode for hardcore adventurers. Maybe Replay should consider that as well? I suspect whatever goes to the PSN and XLBA(less so iOS...that's going to be tricky because Apple's so strict) will be a straight port of the PC version. And owning an XBox, as long as the controls are programmed well, it should be OK. I could think of some...interesting...applications for the Kinect controls. Dan... the game is coming out on PCs. The iOS platform is simply better at facilitating a point and click interface. Josho said they were going to use a radial menu for commands. None of this has any bearing on the actual content of the game. It won't be watered down - you'll still have to keep your wallet full and your breathe spray nearby. :) +1 Dan even if I saw some great point and click remakes working amazingly on iOs like Monkey Island or Broken Sword. I have more doubts about PS and XBox versions :-s Is anyone troubled with the whole idea of this game simply following the new devices like iOS and PSN and XBLA etc? I find that I feel the game should stick to its roots and live on computers. Everything on all of the console/portable platforms is usually totally dumbed down. I'm worried about that. honestly guys (and girls), i'm sure we hit the 500k this weekend. maybe even on saturday. i'm setting the Goal for 1million This is pleasing to me :) This has been a great day :) I'm glad to see this is continuing to make pace. All this needs is like $8500 a day, and I think we're going to make it. Please add a tier with a Larry Bubble head figure! I would def up my pledge! I think the new tiers (or price adjustments) need to be implemented soon if they want to maximize their funding.... i really expect larry to push hard in the end..... a lot of people will jump on the bandwagon when the game is fully funded. and don't forget that there will be another newsround as soon as we hit 500k. Awesome, we're down to needing just $8500 per day to get this project funded! Since we've been averaging more than that for the last nine days straight, this means we should be able to make it with a huge chunk of change left over. Keep up the good work, everyone! :D There's a lot of RPG gamers out there, Gray. Actually, I'd say RPGs have pretty much become the "hot genre" again as the FPS starts to fizzle out. However, with all these RPGs on the market gamers will tire themselves out eventually... and when that happens *POW* adventure games will be mainstream again! I can dream, right? ;) @GrayRaven: It is agrivating to see other projects get fully funded so quickly and others seem to take it to the last second to hit their goal. Even worse are the others that fall short for various reasons. With LSL pretty safe to say this game appeals to a much smaller demographic than Shadowrun and that is directly reflected in the lower number of backers. Not saying LSL is bad in anyway mind you. Infact LSL was one of the first video games I ever played, is one of my all time favorites and devoted dozens of hours to the first one alone. Now a game like Shadowrun on the other hand got its start in the golden age of pen&paper RPG's has a much larger fan base and I for one have countless hundreds of hours in playtime for the original RPG alone. I played it for years as I wager did many of it's backers. So it only stands to reason that a game with that kind of backgroun would draw a bigger backing than LSL. That is why we as backers need to continue to do all we can to get the word out so a new generation of gamers can experience LSL in a new light. @GrayRaven Actually I have three others tabs open: Shadowrun, The Banner Saga and Grim Dawn - all phantastic projects I'm proud to be backing. It's true, Shadowrun is doing much better than Larry but, as I see it, this has nothing to do with Shadowrun being an RPG (you just have to take a look at the result of the Double Fine Adventure). IMHO the problem with Larry is that it was initially announced as a remake only. Only with recent updates it has become clear that new content would be possible - something that obviously still many kickstarter fans haven't realized. This user's account has been deleted. I gotta say, @TheSierraKid, your use of execessive entendres just now was borderline masturbatory. You keep whacking away like that, and you're gonna have a real mess on your hands. Howdy all! I may seem like a newbie here on the forum, but rest assured I've been lurking in the background, watching, waiting, the whole time (An experience not wholly unfamiliar to me). I'm sure there are many others doing the same thing... Eagerly watching with bated breath, as the tension builds and we approach climax... of this Kickstarter Project! Yet in the last couple of days it seems more and more of you are worried that no one else is coming. Has Larry taught you nothing? It is NEVER good to come too early (An experience wholly unfamiliar to me)! While it is noble your love for Larry has made many of you so overly excited you blew your load right at launch, it isn't going to earn you any respect with the ladies. ;-) But now, with only 13 days left, I myself can no longer hold back, it is finally time to shoot my wad... of cash into this project! I've been dying to be a part of the Sierra revival and now it is finally time! Just give me a couple of months to recover, and I'll be ready to support the revival of Freddy Pharkas! PS: Please feel free to use my pledge in its entirety on the new "Where's ****?" 'Tis only a suggestion!?! Heck, if you guys use it to keep you in Twinkies while you work on Larry I'll still be a happy camper! PSS: Oh & Yes, I totally realize that Kickstarter only takes money if the project completes successfully, and not the day the pledge is made. But I thought it would be more fun to speak in innuendo about why I'm coming so late to the party, rather than spout off a diatribe about how the April-May timeframe is absolutely the worst time of the year for me financially, and that every bill that could be due, is due now! That was my first thought the moment I saw this project launched! WHY OH WHY NOW?!? But bills be damned, I love Sierra! (A feeling NOT wholly unfamiliar to me prior to 1997!) PSSS: Sorry for any spelling mistakes... English IS my native language, but I'm a lazy American! " YEAH BABY!" -Mr. **** "TL:DR": -Everyone on the forum... Yeah, yeah what can I say, I'm long winded! My apologies! I want to add that if they send it as a gift (which it actually is) and include some sort of greeting card and the sender is a private person it should be fine. So I'm not worried about this because I believe replay games will do it right. This is also true for the game itself.. I'm very confident that the team knows perfectly what they are doing and are 100% committed to this project Anyway shipping as well as all the other topics that people talk about here are also being addressed in the official replay games forum. I can just invite everybody to check it out :) And now everybody let's see if each of us can raise his pledge a little more and/or help to spread the word.. remember what paul trowe said extra money means extra content.. So let's aim for that.. Hats Off to Larry lalalalala ;) ps: sorry for any spelling mistakes.. English is not my native language. Ah, but for me the goods I will be getting are priceless. @billion dollar baby - they will value the shipments based on the value of the goods so in most cases it will be much less than the pledged amount. This user's account has been deleted. What Replay said(it's also the FAQ(that needs to be higher up the page) is instead of valuing the box based on the pledge, they'll set the VAT according to the value of the contents of the box. @Bob: sending out a couple of thousand of international packages at $1.00 will very likely get them in trouble for "mail fraud". Seriously. @ Bob Michiels: they should hide it in a staples of "Magna **** Laude" and "Box Office Bust" copies, so they can trade it as toxic waste and funnel it trough the strait of gibraltar. i think there is enough time to get this point clarified. now i have to concentrate and use my mojo to raise that number on the right side....... i can't wait to see the new t-shirt design paul mentions. kinda hope they post a pic of the original design as well. Thank you very much Longbow2012, both for backing and for confirming you're not pulling out. @pedasn: I think they said somewhere they're going to try and keep the import taxes for people getting physical items overseas as low as possible, pricing the items as being worth only 1 $ or the like. It sometimes looks as if we are missing an entire continent.. Some hours in the day with a few lines of actvity... Europa.. Check.. America also check... But how about antartica ?-) and the remaining.... For example... Asia and africa anybody ?-) I pitched in 25 dollars even though I never really played the Larry-games (watched my brother play one once though). Congrats Mr. Lowe and Mr. Mandel, you really know how to talk a man out of his money. I expect this money only gives me the game on one system, but having the opportunity to get all home computer-versions would be of some real value to me due to not knowing what operating system I will be using in six months time. So... you mean there was actually a real game after the questionnaire?!? 20 years later that's still great news! And well worth a pledge. I have faith in mr. lowe and his crew to bring this classic to life again. Thank you Gracias Longbow2012, buena vibra! y que Larry se venga de nuevo! Thanks so much, Longbow! i can't wait to play again Leisure Suit Larry in all glorious HD. It's getting near! I think there's a lot of people, who don't understand that the money is taken from your account only after the pledge is succesful. Careful with your personal info on this site, folks. Some jackass got my name, email, and phone number from my portfolio and started using it to try to open accounts on various sites and insurance companies. I found where it's coming from, the IP address, and have the person's name and number. I'll be giving their service provider a call later today. It's generally best to toss your cash in ASAP, since a lot of people don't like to bid until the project is already funded. (Which doesn't make much sense, as they don't take your money unless the project launches anyhow, but some people just do it that way.) The faster we hit the mark, the more "stretch" bidders will hop on for that sweet bonus content. But it's easy for me to spend other people's money - almost as easy as my own! Awesome work Longbow! I can't do that much, but I dropped my $100 in the pot as well. OK, I wanna see some toon T & A (at least a bit more than they ever could with Sierra)! I'll probably up my pledge when there are about 4 days left if we are still under the target. Good thing I had an urge to start playing LSL 7 again, and I went to Al's site I didn't know about this until Monday. I'm glad to pledge some to help out! I was gong to wait till 490K but then what the hell.Any way we should continue the way we've been. More the better I guess... @Longbow2012 Thank you so much! Longbow, You're the man! Thanks so much! Seriously, Longbow, that's really cool of you. Just make sure you wash your hands after hangin' with Al; who knows where THAT guy has been. ;) @Longbow. Thank you for being amazing.That actually helps alleviate a lot of the pressure this has. @Longbow2012 - Way to go man! Thank you, Longbow!!! This made my day! Say hi to Al from me ;) @Longbow2012 Thanks for the pledge guy, that's a lot of cash to drop and we all salute you sir. All, I think it's worth the money to be able to spend one day with Al. Not to mention he'll pick up the check :) @ Longbow2012: we are unworthy could you give AL a hug from all of us? We bow to your great contribution O great longbow2012! Thank you! I just pledged 10K and I'm not backing up! remaining skeptical on the $10,000 backer...hopefully it's legit as that is a huge boost for the day. I'm not holding my breathe, but I sure do hope that 10k backer is for real. Overs 12k in 5 hours today! Awesome! Please be real, 10k backer! Awaiting my "custom" mail!! I'm keeping my excitement in check this time. Hope the 10k pledge remains until the end. Nice we got one 10k backer. Whoa! Someone just pledged $10,000!!!! I hope this isn't a joke. hmmmm.... i don't want to pay for a t-shirt shipping across the atlantic. so, if this is true, i'd like to have an "international digital only tier" with all the digital content they can't cramp in there. @pedasn: People who pledge at tiers above the T-shirt will get one. @ Joshua Mandel: but with the 75 dollar tier i don't get the T-Shirt, right? minus the r @garry... But did you get IT before or after you Posted it:P Well, pirating back then was just borrowing the discs from a friend, or making bootleg copies. It was doubly bad for Larry games, since kids couldn't buy them (and some adults were too shy to do so), so it was ripe for that sort of thing. Hence the copy protection - and even that started getting photocopied, so they add to make it hard to read (so the copies would be useless) or randomly-colored. It's almost charming compared to the DRM schemes of today. I didn't pirate in those days. I find it kind of surprising so many people had the means to back then to be honest. Didn't they call it 'warez' back then? There's a term I haven't heard in a while. . I still have the original copies and boxes of all the King's Quest, Leisure Suit Larry, and Space Quest games I bought from CDaccess.com in the 90's. I think Leisure Suit Larry's Casino was the only one I bought at a retail store -- Best Buy, I think. I also still have my boxes for Full Throttle (Mac and PC version) and the Monkey Islands. This user's account has been deleted. I know of one... Me... Still have all of the original Sierra games laying around. :) @Gary - considering how many people have admitted to pirating the game in the comments, it might be more of a question of where are ANY of the original 250,000 people :p Sierra sold over 250,000 copies of the original... Where are the other 240,000 people? IT'S OVER 9000! @Joshua, thanks. I'm not a collector personally but I remember that being a sticking point on Wasteland for a lot of people. Rottenwood, all the backers at the $15 level get the digital copy of the game, and all the tiers above it get the digital copy PLUS whatever items appear in the tiers at (and below) the tier they pledge at. So everyone who gets a boxed copy will also be getting the digital copy. 75% there! AWESOME work, everybody! Does the boxed edition come with a downloadable code for the game as well? I know some collectors who refuse to open that box, but I'm sure will still want to play. I'm with anim8 - this is one of those once in a lifetime opportunities. If you're a Sierra fan it's hard to pass up these collectibles. I wouldn't dare sell my copy though. @Brandon and the ones that choose $100 to get a boxed game can then drop to $50 instead. I dont think thats going to help much lol .. :) This user's account has been deleted. @ Mark Doherty and others - this is just a thought if Replay Games don't come up with a better idea. Maybe you could choose a tier but not add the shipping, or if you intend, or are already pledged over your chosen tier, wait for the inevitable e-mail asking for size/shipping details, decline the physical goods in your reply and let them keep the extra $15, if you're OK with that. I'm in the same boat and that's my plan anyway. The only snag I can see with that is it might cause some confusion and we end up without our digital rewards as well, but I would have thought they could cope, in fact they'll probably be grateful for the reduced costs and shipping work. @ Mark I think that if you aren't from the US and pledge 50$ and select the 50$ reward you won't get the T-shirt, so you aren't forced to add 15$ for shipping Sierra collectors are huge fans of boxed copies, if you could do a boxed copy for around $60 dollars most people would up to match that. I love Larry but personally I've found the 'rewards' on this kick starter to be pretty slim at the bottom. This user's account has been deleted. @ Mark Doherty: totaly signed bro. i'm at the 75 dollar tier with a pledge of $80. can't go higher tierwise without paying for shipment (and i don't need any physical goods). but, i don't know what digital content they could throw. maybe another digital copy of the game at $90? 75% funded. Hope that we can get the rest in 10 days, so that we have 4 days to get some extra content. Just pledged an extra $5 to bump the total to $375,000! The $50 reward level was enticing me until they added the shirt to a lower level. Replay: there's a lot of international pledgers like myself that would like digital components (like the pdf artwork in the 50 level) that DON'T WANT physical rewards. We don't want to spend on shipping, we don't want to spend on VAT or customs or whatever when it arrives, and the $40 tier's ruined it for us wanting to up our pledges. I just upped my pledge! I cant wait to see this game made! wouldn't that be funny? a day in the life of AL Lowe, with a headmounted camera... maybe something like the Google-Glasses Spot with "Find ****" overlays. If Al was really clever, he'd wear the GoPro in the shower and have people pay him to turn it off. This bad boy would be done in an hour. This user's account has been deleted. i think AL should strap a GoPro to his head and live-stream the whole day...... why a GoPro you ask? because he can take it into the shower. thats how much i love that guy : ) Yesterday was a good day and today seems to be starting out quickly, anytime there is an update you see a spike in pledges. Al should do a video every 2 days, maybe post some more artwork, etc to help get more people interested. Maybe a tier that offers a Lefty's beer mug. "With these pledges, you can ensure that Larry remains badly-dressed and sexually frustrated all throughout the year. Now, have another look at these fine Lefty's Bar tote bags...." The video updates definitely put a spike in pledges. Great work, folks! We'll be 2 days ahead of schedule by the end of tonight.. :) Upped from 75$ to 115$. Not only to support Larry, but I want Al to be back! Upped my pledge from $15 to $115. Can't wait to be "custom-mailed" :-) Al and the team, would you consider a tier in which one can license the engine you've built for the game to make his/her own game! If that tier is there, at $10,000 USD, I would be more than glad to pledge that amount and I'm sure many of adventure game enthusiastic fans/developers would participate. Upped my pledge as well, this needs to happen! Okay. Just upped my pledge to the 100$ level. We all really want Larry to come again. I wish I had $10,000 to meet Al Lowe and give him a bear hug. btw.. i upped my pledge to $250.. hope the goal will be reached ASAP and target the goal to 600k! I own and run an indie gaming store in Colorado, and I just gave away 30$ for ever 25$ donated. If everyone gives as much as I do well have Larry for more games then we can count!!! Why is this not 100% funded? I am all ready in for 500 I MAY be able to go to 1k but ALL of you should be getting your friends to give 25$ come on what is 25$ for greatness?! I really hope this game gets made as my nostalgia meter has gone off the charts. I remember sneaking to play this game at a friends house when I was a kid. My parents would have killed me if they knew I was playing such a "dirty" game. Now as an adult, I'll be able to relive that excitement all over again. Good luck on the project! @S. van Hengel, thank you :) @Rottenwood, I do agree 100%, I just felt that some discussions, ideas and requests had the right intentions but a bit of poor presentation. But as you have rightfully said, these are backer forums, meaning that we all are in for the project. I just upped from 100 to 250. Come on ppl! Let's make this happen. I'll be upping my pledge soon! I really want this kickstarter to happen! :D I'd add another vote for a tier between $100 and $250. I could swing maybe $125 or $150 if enough "motivation" is added. I wish these kickstarter projects were a little more spaced out. I've maxed out all my discretionary budget for this quarter on all these new projects to back. Tiers, tiers, tiers! Doesn't anybody ________ anymore? No need to appologize, you may have accidently suggested a new tier. :) I meant disco, sorry, juggling several things at the moment. Rottenwood is on to something. I'll ask Paul about it. . If I go for it, it will ultimately depend on a few factors that I need to look into before committing. I definitely don't want to push for it until I'm absolutely certain funds are in by May 2. I don't want to pull out and bring the numbers down. Actually, letting people become slot players at the casino might not be a bad idea for a new tier. Make it cheaper than the other 'be in the game' tiers, since those ain't doing squat. Go for it @Admiral von Snugglesworth! (and get that amazing name in the game too ;) ) But dont go bankrupt! Wish I had 5000$, but sadly that's impossible. It's highly likely I will up my pledge from 100 if we get a tier between that at 250$. Seat in the casino? Raised my pledge. Seriously considering a seat in the casino if I can get some info on using more than one method of payment. Cant wait to play Larry again =) Seems like we will make a little bit more than 10k today again, thanks to the video update. So, I will stay positive for the moment. I'm thrilled that Al Lowe is returning to Larry, and I DON'T CARE that this is a remake of Larry 1: I see the bigger picture and realize this is just the catalyst for future Larry's. Also, Larry NEEDS to be introduced to this new generation; their only exposure to Larry has been the last two awful imposter games, which did not represent Larry, Al Lowe, or the wonderful humor and story found in Larry 1 - 7. Redoing/modernizing the series will introduce a whole new generation to Larry, and lead (I am hoping) to NEW Larry titles. I also couldn't care less HOW this money is spent: I am donating because after following his adventures for 20 years, watching his interviews, and corresponding with Al through e-mail (how awesome is Al that he takes the time to respond to rambling fans????) I believe in Al Lowe's integrity, and I believe that this money will be spent wisely.Larry games played a big part in shaping my own sense of humor (I was playing them at 10 years old hehehe), so Al and Larry hold a special place in my heart (and the hearts of other gamers who grew up with Larry). Quite simply, Al Lowe has NEVER let me down. I've purchased all of his games at least three times over (over the course of 20 years...the worst offenders were my dead beat friends who "borrowed" my precious Larry's, never to be seen again), and can't imagine how anyone who grew up playing Sierra adventure games (particularly Al Lowe games) not wanting to donate. If Shakespeare rose from the dead and asked for some funds to fund a new play.....would you demand in itemized list of how your donation will be spent (before chopping off his zombie head, of course)? Well Al Lowe as been resurrected from retirement, and I gladly forked over some cash....and more cash today after seeing the video update :-) /soapbox A quick check: if everyone at the $15 level upped their pledge to $40 when we'd there, hint hint :) @Jargen; Yes, it's been asked before. You'll still get the shirt at higher pledges. Donno if anyone has asked this already, but if I should happen to bump my pledge higher, will I get a t-shirt on any of the higher reward tiers? Cause I really would like that t-shirt :) Man, I've been watching this Kickstarter for a while out of interest. I didn't back it because I really wasn't interested in a remake of LSL, but after watching Al's last video, I had no choice. He just seems like a genuinely nice guy, and I want to help him succeed. Videos of Al talking make me keep raising my pledge. Leisure Suit Larry MUST COME AGAIN I just wanted to say that I loved Al's update, and though I posted a constructively critical comment earlier today, I'm still onboard. It's a little annoying to hear that some backers are dropping out, but as another commenter said - we need to put out fires as a community, and we need to keep people pumped! . As long as Al, Josh, Paul and the rest at Replay can keep everyone pumped and positive, this Kickstarter should go great over the next 14 days. The folks saying that 10k a day is impossible clearly didn't watch the Double Fine or Wasteland 2 campaigns blow up at the end. So hang in there, Replay, and keep giving us new reasons to tell our friends to become Larry's friends! Thanks for video update Al, it made me rise my pledge ! I hope a lot of other fans will do te same. Cant wait to see the tshirt design :) I can't watch Al's updates without having a smile on my face the whole time... The guy simply radiates optimism... By the way, do you guys know if you can put higher pledges on multiple means of payment? I have to look at my finances, but I'm seriously considering taking a seat in Lost Wages. Thanks Joseph! Al always puts me in a good mood. Always happy and optimistic. Giving more money tonight. Reading through Kickstarter's guidlines (not that I was going to suggest this as a course of action), but the project creator cannot pay himself via a pledge. Credit card rules forbid it. So the situation someone pointed out earlier where someone pledged to their own project , yeah, that's not going to work, LOL. Or as Neil Ross would say to Larry: "You can't do that." New update by Al Lowe: <url>"CodeMasters(own Larry rights) wont allow them to make a new game until they see what they can do with remaking 1 -7" will become "CodeMasters(own Larry rights) wont allow them to make a new game until they see what they can do with remaking 1" Don't get me wrong, I'm all for remakes of ALL Larry games but if they don't go for a new one after this I doubt they'll get 4 more successful kickstarts for remakes. I think that many ppl here pledged in hope for a new one if this one does well (and for vindicating Larry) but they'll want a new game after that... And if that one sells well then do other remakes, do more sequels, go nuts... Lol chill guys weve been averaging well over 10k a day since start. Also if you look at the other kickstarter projects they ALL got a nice boost on the last day. On top of that Replay Games are going to show a lot more vids & interviews...so that will increase it even more. Im Guessing 600-650k at the end or perhaps even more ....depends if AL is naked in those new vids :) Guys, this campaign needs to average almost 10k/day for each oft he remaining 14 days in order to get funded. Right now I'm not feeling so optimistic about Larry's chances. Everybody needs to get on their social media outlets and spread the word, and double your pledges. The reality is only a small fraction of a small fraction will realize and respond to this need. I've over tripled mine. Do the same, and lets help this succeed! Also instead of posting your frustrations/concerns/positivity/suggestion on this comments section , you need to go to the forums <url>"negative" - they're obviously backing this game if they're posting here. But we can't let our fandom cloud our judgment. I couldnt agree more Rani. Guys, as one of Al Lowe's creations fan (Larry, Torin, Freddy) I feel obligated to say that it's very unhealthy and out of touch to discuss things like why the decided on a remake rather than a new game, or a breakdown of the 500k, or why did project X required an amount Abd project Y required another abd then use that to compare the target of this project. First this leads to no where, second have some more faith in Al and the team. It has been reiterated so many tines, and from the get go why they are make a remake rather than a new game. Lastly, I'm very grateful that Al decided to come back, for us, to make us a game, which will be only a beginning of a new amazing journey of one good adventure after another, be it a remake or a new one. Once the team gets a start, ve done with the engine, work out the dynamics of the team, I'm expecting so much more of them to come. Let us all stay positive and thankful for these guys efforts, after all, this would be their lives and careers on the line, they do have families to support and expenses to pay. And if they think that 500k is what they need then that is that! I'm all in for this game, I'm also all in for anything these guys are up to as long as they stand to what they promised and stay true to classical 2D adventure games, which we adore and which they do best. Keep up the good work Al, Josh and the rest of the team. And thank you for dedicating so much time and effort to give us what we want and thrive for. Getting to the goal is only a matter of time, and so much looking forward to support your next project and the one after it. Sorry for any typing mistakes, English is not my native language, I actually learned it at 12 just to play Sierra's games back in the day, BIG thank you for that. @Azizex666. That would mean mid may would have another batch of adventure game projects. Tex Murphy is also happening around then. I read somewhere space quest people are planing it around mid or late May. just did some math, and if my rules of thumb are correct, we should hit 500k in about 10 days. after that everything is an addon and we all know that things tend to turn upwards in the last 48 hours. They probably think that now it`s not a good time for them to start KS. Maybe they think it will be better when Larry, Jane , Shadowrun are finished. Wonder is Space Quest Two Guys are waiting to see what happens here before they go KS: <url>"sex on the beach". i don't worry about larry hitting the goal..... i only worry about replay-games and co. beeing pretty tied and on the edge if they only get 500.000.... but that should be 200.000 more than double fine wanted for a little game, so a replay of the first larry should be doable (wink wink) with that amount of money. GUYS (and GIRLS), Larry will hit the goal if you ask me. it will go beyond 500k without getting in danger, and i think it will get a nice spike at the end of the kickstart..... so, i guess 700k should be possible. when larry finishes, banner saga and shadowrun are gone, so there should be a lot of room to get attention for larry. please replay, comment a little bit on peoples worries here, and make a video update, right in time for the weekend. weekend is always good for kickstarting. the kickstarter of NEKRO is, what gets me worried, but i think they will get their funding too. Larry's comments ON Facebook :) I doubt we will get new animations or sketches prior to closing - I'm not sure they would begin work on an unbacked project, but we can hope considering this project was at least in development prior to the kickstarter. Maybe they have a little more than just that initial one room proof of concept. I imagine the surprises to be a reworking of tiers since those larger prizes aren't being hit. I agree, let's stay positive and support and trust Replay. Like I said earlier, it's still two weeks to go! I'm loving Larry's comments of Facebook, btw. This user's account has been deleted. DOnt forget this is remake and I hope just the beggining of some kind of revival of Lery. I pledged and sent the message to my friends - all of you that wants to see it happen please do the same. Negativity wont help us. Still cant forget larry on yacht in elephant underwear :D ... @Sarena: This is an all or nothing situation, unfortunately. As the project states, funds will only be rewarded if at least $500,000 is pledged by May 2, 12:30 EDT. If we raise $499,999, nothing is rewarded and Replay goes away empty handed. Doublefine did a "where does the money go" complete money breakdown for backers in their DFA forums. Would be nice to see that here. Can we please stop with the overly negative posts? I can understand a little worry, but this is getting ridiculous. We still have two weeks to go. I have no doubt that Larry will get funded one way or another. Even if we don't hit the 500k mark, it will be close. @ calbeb : Ok if Jane is also getting funds from outside that explains it. @Chris Canavan, The rules say you can't personally buy your own project's reward, again Casper from this project is his own first backer. <url>`s why they only wanted 400k. But Jane is making a classic adventure, from beginning, for PC and she only needs 300k. Why is that? Is it because Replay has to pay some sum for license? Big mistakes: remake instead of new game (actually remake of remake, its been remade already), announcing it was being made under traditional methods then going kickstarter, no interviews of any substance I've seen, weak updates other than the initial video, promises of "long hours and lots of work," but backers aren't seeing any of it, trying to "lure" (we PROMISE well make the others if you give us money), way overshooting for a 10 room remake, tiers need to be substantially reworked nobody is hitting the big tiers. IF it makes it, it will be by a hair. Sad that the founder of Larry and team didn't put a little more thought into this rollout. @Chris Canavan: To say that Replay took an attitude of "We were gonna make this regardless, but jumped on the Kickstarter bandwagon" is a disservice to Replay. They went with Kickstarter because the Leisure Suit Larry brand is so damaged right now no firm would fund them. If they didn't "jump on the Kickstarter bandwagon", as you put it, the game likely would be dead in the water. And we're not just funding one game, we're giving the franchise a future. I dunno if anybody thought of this, but Replay employees could simply buy up all the 5k and 10k prizes with the initial 365k of pledge on advance and finish the funding themselves. There's nothing I saw in the Kickstarter rule book that would prevent that. And the reason this hasn't beed a sland lide project is, that this is a remake. It does turn people off, there's no denying that. Then there's the bad blood those Lovage games managed to cause. This user's account has been deleted. I actually haven't yet made up my mind about backing Jane. I love her writing and I liked Gray Matter. It wasn't her best game, but interesting none the less. But still, I don't yet know about her new project. I actually had $500,000 in oil tanker stock that I could've used to sponsor this game, but I gave it to a sexy blonde woman dressed as a Valkyrie so she'd have sex with me. In retrospect, it was not ideal money management. Yeah Jane has fewer backers but they are averaging 70$ per backer. Larry has 41$. I actually expected that people who backed Larry would also back Jane. It looks like I was wrong. There's really no point going crazy about this stuff. The project is likely to get funded, even if it won't be a sweep. I don't know if we can blame Replay for that. There have been a fair amount of updates, and will doubtlessly be more as the project continues. There are 8 updates for this project already compared to the 6 for Shadowrun. As for the lack of big flashy updates like a lot of the other kickstarters have had, a lot of that actually comes from the fact that those projects were fully funded in what? a few days? Each update then becomes another exciting reminder of what they can add if you keep going, and the Replay team doesn't have that luxury. All we are learning here is that the lack of a hugely recognizable name (Al Lowe is known, but not as well known as Schafer) + the product not being a entirely new game means that people aren't as eager to jump aboard. I'm more worried about the lack of traction on the Jane Jensen kickstarter (which has the benefit of promising new games and an interesting new gaming model), but that one can still be explained through it's iffy and very indie pitch video which didn't exactly make me instantly want to jump onboard. Guys, recent days have raised $10,000 a day or more. Check out this link: <url>"we were gonna make this regardless, but jumped on the KS bandwagon," might have killed this. With numbers going down instead of up, and weak updates, Id be surprised if it makes it. No interviews, working all night but we don't see the results off all this work - dunno, feels weak. I think that beta testing should be on lower tiers. Now it`s on 75$. It should be on 50$ tier like Jane Jansen has. Beta testing is a thing that really interests me but 75$ is just too high for me wright now. I would go for 50$ if beta as included. So for now I am remaining on 25$. This user's account has been deleted. Hah! I've got something in the pipeline, if you catch my drift. (Hint: that was a very vague wang joke.) We all need to calm down a little bit. If Britton(Replay) says they've got stuff in the pipeline, let's settle down and see what happens. @tinapple: Better be careful with that onklunk. You don't want to break it! I think you guys should just calm down and stop getting excitied so much... Is there anyway to get him stop doing it? Kickstarter knows who the 5K bandit is.. it's in their records. Oh, I thought we'd lost on of the remaining 3 at Lefty's when I read your comments at first. But who pledges 5k only to instantly withdraw it? I still think we'll reach 500 000. Looking forward to next video update. That really took the onklunk from my enthusiasm. Last time I get excited over a 5k pledge. Perhaps the 5K Bandit just enjoys the sensation of pushing in a huge bid, and then sliding it back out again, over and over and over. 5k gone again.. we have a troll or something... Lost the 5k again lol Perhaps they should consider knocking down the prices on some of the upper tiers - ither than the Lefty's bids, those are growing cobwebs. I'd love to see those get picked up so my Kickstarter amigos can have their day in the virtual sun. I'm not complaining ;-) @Jan Either the number of backers on the pledges isn't updated immediately or it was just a generous donation without requesting any rewards. Either way keep'em coming! Goosfraba (breathe in, breathe out) Gooooooosfraba (breathe in, breathe out) there now we have all calmed down a little bit :) @Jacob Riff, Couldn't have said it better myself. Like most people I'd up my pledge from the $100 to the $250 but I just can't afford it on my budget :( I share your concern, guys, but I do think we need to chill a little bit. hmmm.. 5K :-) but what tier? Guys, relax. Calm down. At its current rate, we'll meet our goal. It will probably ever surpass the goal a bit, but that isn't good enough. Regardless, Replay have enough incentive to keep updating, it just takes time. In the meantime, take it easy. You know, take a walk, read a book. Or as the great philosopher Douglas Adams once said, "don't panic." 5K!!!! Was that a 5k pledge? All signs point to YES! I might able to make a last minute chip in next month. I really want to see this project succeed. I think it is great that Replay and the team are doing so much and working so late... But if we don't see any result of that, the game might not get funded - and what is it worth then? And the fact that you have something coming in a week will in effect just waste a week of pledges. Replay, please, please post something new EVERY day from now on. The project needs it. Dont give up on Larry just yet! A lot can happen in 14 days, and the team has more promo planned. 500 000 is still within reach. :) Sad they didnt put the same effort into this as some of the others - saw loads and loads of interviews and press for some of the other old-school kickstarter rehashes. This one just seems a bit half-baked. Now it might not make it :( wish i could go higher but 100$ is a lot above my budget ....but at the way the project is going i think it might no make it ....only 14 days Only 2 weeks left =[ But we should not lose hope Pledged $100, but what I really hope for is a remake of 2 and 3 Low Low low trending on this project. Hope it makes it, considering lack of pot stirring. Hey Everyone Just a heads up. We have been super busy working on the exact things you guys have been asking for! :D Al has done several interviews, we have a new video hopefully coming out this week and a bunch of other surprises. Like several people have said already, Paul and the team are putting in 18 hour+ days. I sometime get emails from Paul at 3 in the morning because he is still working. We really want to see this game succeed. So hold tight because we have a bunch of great stuff coming soon! I agree that an update is overdue, the last ones were great. Why the delay? What we really need is more Al Lowe, his charming video is what made me donate to this project- also due to an awkward conversation with my father who played this game. His video was hilarious, its charm like that which will let this game go viral. Lets see some more humor, I know we can pull a Double Fine with Larry. He'd be up for double anything. This user's account has been deleted. I've been a backer from the moment I heard about this project, but I have to join in the chorus of folks who would like to see Replay put a little more effort into stirring the pot. We've got 15 days to go, and it's likely the game will be funded, but there's just not a lot of excitement. . The Josh Mandel video got me to up my pledge to $75 because I loved his passion for what he does. I may go up to $100 if the project needs it. But I'm having trouble keeping up a level of enthusiasm for getting friends interested because there's just not enough going on behind the scenes to keep me as excited as I've been about Wasteland 2 or Shadowrun. . We need more of that from the entire team - do daily videos if you have to. Do more interviews. Answer more questions. Take dares. Turn the next two weeks into a giant party celebrating the legacy of Larry. Follow Brian Fargo and Tim Schafer's example by being engaged with fans and really focusing on the fundraising. . As I've said before, I'm not sure that Replay Games understands that backers are giving money not just to get a game, but to be a part of something bigger. One thing that's been clear in the comments is that Replay is focused on the game, but not giving out enough direction to backers and would-be backers about what more support could achieve. I'd refer you guys to the excellent chart that Hare-Brained Schemes made for Shadowrun detailing what they'd do at each milestone in the stretch goals. . I'm cheering for Larry on the sidelines... I just want to see him make a big return, and not barely eke by with $500,000 showing up the final few days. So, c'mon, Replay Games - you guys have to up your game here so that everyone can benefit! Calbeb is right. I know Paul and the team in Israel are working 12+ hour days to get this launched on time. I'm assuming Al and Josh are working long hours as well. Al will be posting a new video soon. I'm sure they have a few more things in the works that will boost pledges. Also to the people who are saying Replay is being way too quiet... They did put up two videos and do the reddit Q and A last Friday. They basically just took the weekend off. Someone mentioned it earlier but honestly the project is going pretty well. If you look at Kicktraq, most days the project is making around 10K, which is around what this needs to hit it's goal. The only reason it didn't yesterday is that one of the 5K pledges left. Add in the people who will jump in on the last two days, and I expect the project will happen, it's just going to be tighter than we would hope. But hey, I'm sure Larry liked it better that way. @Rottenwood, I am sure Replay Games has something in the works and yes the remake & those dodgy other 2 games are a turnoff but I am sure as more and more people catch on that they need to make the remakes for LSL 1 - 7 profitable then CodeMasters(Have LSL license) will let them do the sequel. Yeah, I'm surprised at how quiet it's been on Replay's end. Maybe they assumed this was a sure thing after all of those other projects (Double Fine, Wasteland 2, etc.) blew the roof off the joint - especially with an iconic character like Larry. It looks like the whole 'remake' thing is something of a dealbreaker, and the ghosts of those two non-Lowe games are haunting the place. Replay needs to get more aggressive, I guess. Clean up the home page a little, have more messages/videos from Al and company, and maybe offer some pictures of all of the goodies to encourage people to move to higher tiers. For better or worse, everyone and their uncle is Kickstarting old gaming franchises now, and it's a down economy... there's only so much cash to go around. You gotta pitch this bad boy to people! This user's account has been deleted. @Odd ball, Done hopefully that a good idea We've been doing really well, especially over the weekend. We were at $305,262 when I left work on Friday. When I came into the office yesterday morning, we were at $353,966. The Reddit AMA helped! It has actually been pretty active today, yesterday the $5000 removal is what really hurt I don't like how this has slowed down lately. I want my Larry fix...! If only Larry DID have a dollar for every time he'd heard that - this thing would be in the millions already. Tom King will now be known as Admiral von Snugglesworth. Hey, thanks @quotifon! @S. Van Hengel - Thanks for the confirmation - just increased my pledge to the 100 reward level and included the $15 for shipping. Let's hope we get to the target with a late spurt (yuk). I just upped my pledge again.....hopefully more people can and will do the same! @Odd Ball, Well played. Made me cough up my water over here. @Tama Sularko go put that on their forum <url>`ll see. @Roadrunner, at least Larry gets 4 more days after Shadow Run, kind of wished the Shadow Run people just waited a little while longer before unleashing their very interesting project which I am backing as well. Oh well, still know this project will make it just wish it could get up to 750k so we can get more content. Shadowrun still has 11 days to go so I would`t count on that. Wasteland has 20 minutes left so maybe that could help, but now I am getting worried about this project. That 5k that was rescinded, did real damage :(. I hope after Wasteland 2 finishes and then Shadow Run that this project gets more love, at the moment its just under 10k a day we need. Hey guys, Im the latest backer :) Hope we get to 500k would love to see this game :D omg it's slowing down, are we gonna make it!? Correction to my last post: a raise of pledge to $26 for all $15 tier backers (5,469), or, $16 for all backers (8,697) would get us to $500,000 as of now. Just a thought ... As of now, we would get to the $500,000 goal, if the 5469 backers at the $15 tier raised their pledges by only $20. Or, if all of us, backers, raised our pledges by $13. That's a goal which is not hard to achieve, and if things were not going well towards the end of the remaining 15 days, I believe introducing something of high value (and extremely low cost) in return for a $20 (or $13) increase in the pledge can get us there easily. I know that I'll be raising my pledge anyway, as many of us did, or will do. Maybe add a tier of signed Box Version between $100 and $250? I want to pledge $500 but it might be a tall order for me to afford that. If I can, I will though, but I may have to wait till the last minute. @Svenne The game is a remake of LSL1 with some new jokes and such depending on how much time they have/money they raise. However, the success of this remake makes it more likely that they can do the rest of the games (which they will make larger changes too) and a new original game. They simply don't have the rights to do something brand new right now. @Svenne It won`t be really new game. All the puzzles will remain. Only if they raise more than 500k will add extra content. New dialogs will be added, but all depends how much money they raise. I think around 90% of the game will be as the original. My problem was (and why I did not back it immediately), that I thought it would be a "remastering" of the old LSL... that is the exact same story and puzzles with new shiny graphics... it was first when I watched the videos that I found out that it would be a new game... I don't know for sure, but I think some people might lurk around not biting, as they have the same (false) idea that this is just a "remastering" instead of a really new game... Replay Games and Adventure Mob have to meet us half way though. Earning $150,000 in two weeks is a tall order - we should be updated with media appearances and they should have posted a t-shirt design by now! Come on guys, step it up! It seems to be steadily going up by about 10K per day, which means that the project will be funded. If it starts to lag, the last few days will doubtlessly see a lot more people jumping on and/or pledges being bumped up. I'm pretty sure this (And Jane Jensen's Kickstarter which can also use some love), will both hit their targets readily. $100 tier for me as $250 is lacking, heck throw in some signatures into the $250 and I'll gladly bite. Kickstarters always speed up in the last days. You can now make your suggestions for additional tiers here: <url>£5000 withdrawal took it down to around $148k so yesterday was still around $10k or more. Apart from the very beginning the big jumps were around the Game On interview and the AMA, it could do with more things like that. um.. maybe I will up my pledge from 100 to 250 if the trend is not steady enough... but optimistically I think 500k will be reached at all... Yeah, it's slowing down again. We now need around $10,000 per day. so if it will slow down further it will be hard. I guess it's time for a video update again. Also it could be that some photos of the T-Shirt design could speed up things. Although it's still a little bit early for that, how about making a draft design of the game box already? I think when they would make it in retro style it could definitively get some more backers. @Joseph: Great :) Let me know if you hear anything back! Looks like it could go either way, atm it looks like the final number will be around 400k+ at the most. The project needs to pick up some speed. $40 would have a lot more, I'm sure, if it had been there at the start. It was added well into the funding period. I'm in for $100, dammit. I'm crossing my fingers on this one. On a different note, it's kind of funny that there are way more $100 backers than $40, $50, and $75 combined. People like boxes I guess. Kotaku never criticized this project. The only post they ever made about it was totally neutral and amounted to little more than a link. Hell, it's how I found out about this project. A lot of the commenters hated it, sure, but that was true on almost every site that posted about it. Awesome idea Aaron! I'll do the same with GAME. I'm at the $40 mark and would move up to $50 if that package would include a boxed version of the game. @fernando. That is the question I just got in contact with EB Games' Facebook page here in Australia (has over 170,000 likes) and they replied so hopefully they will post to their wall soon and we will get some more pledges. @Britton: Nice. Can't wait for the new movie! @Joseph: I find it funny Kotaku are critical of this project. If it weren't for Sierra, they wouldn't have a site to run. Nice Britton...you should have traded :) I know this is off topic, but look what i drove home next to today <url>"too be" @anim8: I wasn't suggesting he would reuse humor, just that his style is not refined and I don't expect the humor in the game too be that way. Just an impression, I'm not saying it's bad humor! This user's account has been deleted. Upped my pledge to $25. Trying to go for $40! Let's be positive and MAKE THIS HAPPEN! This user's account has been deleted. As for the lost $5,000 pledge, well, you must admit: if there's someone who can appreciate the value of pulling out at the last minute, it's Larry. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. A mention in the Penny Arcade news feed would be a huge boost; I dunno if this game is in their wheelhouse, though. Trying to think of good ways to plug this project. I have upped my pledge twice now ($20 to $40 and now to $100) trying to make up the the person who pulled back their $5000. I'd like to think someone would have a better moral compass than to pledge with the intention of taking away, but you never know. Maybe they have their reasons. If it's someone who goes around Kickstarter making high pledges with no intentions of honoring them numerous times, there should be a harsh fine involved. +1 for the boost :-) This user's account has been deleted. I can't believe someone pulled out! :( We pretty much lost a day thanks to the high roller who lost his spine. We need to beef up the promotions - I hope you've got some good interviews lined up, Paul. Also, I was 10 when I discovered Sierra games. Hilarious. I asked Paul Trowe earlier today if this was a complete overhaul of the actual game, as in old walkthroughs won't apply to this version, he had this to say: Some of it might, some of it won't." Backed!!! Crazy I was just thinking about the old days of Kings Quest, Space Quest and LLL a few days ago. Good luck - hope that you hit the goal b/c I would love to see a new release from the old Sierra gang. I am so happy to see the series coming back!!!! Guys you should have a pledge option between $100 and $250. I would pledge higher, but doubling my pledge and adding $50.00 is quite a big step for me :( @ Tim : thanks a lot for the great interview link ! Damn, sucks that someone withdrew their $5,000 pledge for being at the bar , opportunity for some other high rollers though. This user's account has been deleted. So the pledge amount is $115 in total then select the $100 tier reward and you're ready to go. @Richard Baylis Yeah you only have to pay 15$ once :) This user's account has been deleted. I was about 10 or 11 when I got my copy and it took me almost no time at all to crack the age verification process. It helped that I had the hint book...and I think I sniffed the "magic marker" a bit too much back in those days, too. I was 14 when I first played Larry, but that was in 2000. Here's another Al Lowe interview: <url>£15? Thanks (What do you mean with combining objects from the game world? Haven't we always been capable of doing that?) Hey @Anim8, I wouldn't hold my breath for "more refined humor", not coming from this game, not coming from Al, who sends the funny, yet not precisely refined, CyberJoke emails :P This user's account has been deleted. @amid8: glad to help! I hope we'll all be playing this wonderful game in October :-) This user's account has been deleted. I believe that the person who left Lefty's ended up trying to cross the street and got ran over by a taxi. For those who hadn't seen the preliminary test for 3-D Larry : <url>ón Kristinsson: <url>"my job here is done" and mission accomplished with only one spot left :) We will start flyering for that spot! ;) Oh well, let`s hope that someone will fill that spot. This user's account has been deleted. I think some people just might get too exited and then they notice, that they don't have the money. It has happened many times in Wasteland 2 for an example. Personally I think all those high level pledges are more risky than low level, as 5000 is a lot of money. It could have been a troll but I imagine there are tons of very good reasons to be found to pull out of pledging that much money. Imagine that a good friend without medical insurance needs a very expensive medical treatment. I wouldn't hesitate to pull my money out of this project and give it to my friend instead... This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. What is the point of pledging 5k and then pulling it back? I doubt it`s the money problem. Person with average income probably would`t pledged that much. And I presume that if you pledge that much you understand what are you getting in return. -:( I hope somebody did put some very good glue on top of the other bar seats :P Good news high rollers! We now have an opening for being a patron in the best bar in video gaming! Grab a seat and give a pledge. :) Uh oh, looks like someone stumbled out of Lefty's. I wish I had the means to buy that spot. Hmmm... Can you use multiple sources of payment? @Tata: I sent Paul a message, we'll see what he says. Either way, I'm glad Larry is back. I too hope this is successful! Tom I hope you're right but fear you aren't. If they go over 500 k then we'll get some new content. Rewriting it will include refreshed humor and stuff like that but the story and puzzles will remain the same unless significant amount of overreach is achieved. I highly doubt we'll get 10 more rooms and new women if we fund 501k. I wish I'm wrong. I'm funding it because of the hope of a completely new Larry game if this is a success. And because of the nostalgia. And the guilt of playing pirated copies back in the day... Many factors :) Whoops, looks like someone pulled out of pledging $5,000. We've dropped from $354K to $349 ten minutes ago :-( I just bought a sealed copy of the Space Quest collection (1994) on ebay. Told the guy who was selling it about this project (he's from south korea) :) I'll ask Paul to confirm, but I'm pretty sure this isn't just a direct remake of the original. Think about it: even if they couldn't find the assets from the original they would be having to redo them anyway, so it doesn't matter. To clarify that it's a 100% overhaul means exactly that, they're redoing everything, not just simply redrawing it. Why else would they hire Josh to write for it? Let's hope they collect enough money that extra content will be added anyway, that way Tom won't have to be disappointed. :) Yeah, I have also always thought this is a remake of the first one, meaning, they make new graphichs and sounds, but the game and story are the same. Its just because they can't use the originals engine, graphics etc. that they must "re-do every single thing". Then, if they get the extra money they will add new rooms and people not found in the original Larry 1. @Tom, I think you're the only one interpreting it that way. Everyone else, including me, seems to think it's a remake (with additional rooms if they raise enough money). Yep. Even though some of the locations will be similar to the original, I think there will be more rooms and different puzzles out of the box. I think by "extra content," I think they mean exactly that -- that there will be more content than what they can right for $500,000. I don't think walkthroughs of the original will apply to this game. I'm pretty sure Paul means it when he says this is a 100% overhaul, not a remake. I'd say more rooms, puzzles, etc. than in the original game. By "more rooms, puzzles, bad pick up lines, etc.," I took it that they were adding more than they were already writing into the remake. Maybe I'm completely wrong. My interpretation from different interviews (<url>"It's a 100% overhaul, actually. We're re-doing every single thing in the game AND if we go past the $500k goal we're even adding to the design as well, adding more rooms, puzzles, bad pick up lines, etc. We're REALLY stoked because we know what's coming." (<url>`s original form + extra content. Tom King: Have you got a source for that? Or any clear quotes you could give me? I've watched all of the videos and read the updates and while I understand that the game engine and its assets are all new, nothing has indicated to me that it's entirely new content, as you suggest. I could be completely wrong and have misread/heard things, which is always a possibility, but judging from the previous backlash of "oh no, we've already played this, we want a new story" comments, it doesn't seem as though all new content is something that has been conveyed to the community. I actually (in the 90's) made up a lyrical Jazz version of the Leisure Suit Larry music... Tada-dada-dadadadadadadad, tadada, da,da... rompompom,rompompom... :) @Joel: I don't think you're understanding the scope of this project. This isn't a direct remake, as stated several times by Al and company. This is to Leisure Suit Larry VGA what the original Leisure Suit Larry is to Softporn. Some of the locations may be similar, but the entire game is new. It's a shame that this project wasn't pitched as an "extended edition" from the outset. The way I, and I imagine plenty of others, originally envisioned it was LSL with updated graphics, GUI, and sound. It wasn't until the Josh Mandel video that I realized they were hoping to add more content as well. I think if that was sold from the start it would have got more people on board and with more excitement. Ah well, something to keep in mind for any other remakes down the line. Yeah Michael, I was thinking it'll probably be good to hit up the adult entertainment world. @ Tim Maurer...Tex Murphy is one of the few non-Sierra adventure games that I hold dear...Tex was a great game in its time. I really hope this project breaks 1m...to spur more Sierra devs to come out of retirement. I honestly never played Leisure Suit Larry, but am backing b/c Sierra is a very special company to me. @MIke Haley - I think we maybe advertising in the wrong group here... give me a second, let me go to my Playboy, Hustler, and Penthouse members only forum and get us some real results. 150k to go YES! I've never played Tex Murphy, but I did love that video. "Plan 9 concerns begging for money on the interweb." Also, I am giddy like an Andromedan school boy for Scott Murphy and Mark Crowe's new game! It's truly the fans that are making all this amazing stuff happen. The Steam Group has 27 members now. Let's try to beef that number up a bit. There may still be Steam users that are unaware of this Kickstarter: <url>"copyright protection" questions wielding a mere dictionary. One small step for Larry, one big step for all mankind. P.S. Hope you would keep the "type in" command feature, and add lots of hilarious responses. That was really my favorite part. -Sean Should probably beef up the $25 and $40 tier like they did with wasteland, it seems to be getting people to up their pledge. Yay! I am officially a backer now - my husband got me into Larry - and I LOVE the game. :) Good luck to you guys - the design team. Here's hoping that Larry will finally get lucky! :) SO GOOD LUCK!!! ~ Jess Tex Murphy Campaign starts on Mai 15 <url>"international friendly" pledge level like the guys at Wasteland 2 did? So another level with extras, but without any VAT, duty and shipping costs. Right now, the 40$-pledge level already contains 15$ shipping costs for internationals, if you want to make full use of it; that's a bit unlucky. So, maybe there is room for another level without extra costs. The Wasteland-guys for example made a 55$ full digital pledge level with two game copies, concept art book, soundtrack, three digital novellas, beta access, digital map and digital instruction book, digital portrait collection and video development blogs. It'd be great if Codemasters wised up and used this publicity to release a Larry collection on Steam or GoG.... Hey everyone, if you have a chance, head on over to my new thread and give us your feedback. <url>äki: what i wanted to say is: the remake faktor doesn't affect me, because i never played 1-5, so it would be absolutely fresh to me. And i think there are a lot of people who have fond memories of larry, but weren't there from the beginning. We have a $2500 pledge on the Pervert's edition :-)))) yeah guys I've been having alot of trouble getting people to understand that while yes this is a remake its not a remake in the traditional sense. Also been having a lot of trouble getting some of the younger people to understand that MCL and BoB, where NOT made by Al Lowe. To that end I show them amazon's price for BoB (PC) vs the stand alone Larry 7 and show them price difference on a "new" 2009 game vs a used 1996 game. Honestly I think that speaks for it's self. I for one am actually glad we're gonna get a Larry 1 "remake" "extended cut" w/e you want to call it just for the fact Jan Rabson and Neil Ross will be able to add their distinctive personalities to the game, plus shinier graphics are always a good thing as long as game-play and story are there to support it. :) @Peter Hruska well this is a remake after all, there's no way of avoiding it. And it's even a third remake, when you count original Larry as remake of Softporn. So I don't see how you could avoid focusing on that. That being said, this does open Larry to those people who haven't played the original games or have only seen MCM or BoB. @ Chris Davis: hmmm..... i think every article is better than no article. he raises some points there, but focuses too much on the remake-part. i played LSL 6 + 7, but i never playe 1-5, so i´m really thrilled to have a chance to revisit them in a new set of clothes. but i think that replay made some mistakes with their marketing. the first video wasnt very good in terms of quality, and maybe some additional artwork would have done wonders (babes... i call out for babes) +1 Bob but every contribution is good to take ;-) I just gave 100 euros and shared the link over my many Facebook contacts. Hope it will help :-) Cheers Anyone read the article over at IndieGame Magazine about this project? I respect his right to voice his opinion on the new (old) game, but this article isn't what we need to get new backers for this game - especially if you don't read the whole article where, not until the last paragraph, he says he is in favour of the game. <url>"flushed" while they were in their "death spiral". So literally, they HAVE to start from scratch - there's nothing to recycle, it's GONE. They're rebuilding this from the 'bones' up. So even at just 500K they're going to be updating the humor(so it will be more relevant than it used to be), totally redoing the graphics and sound(on par with LSL7 - if not better!), and probably expanding the game at least a little bit. That's where Al Lowe and Josh Mandel come in. They get to write and design this new humor, and MORE IMPORTANTLY, Al gets to have final approval on everything. And the pot of gold at the end of all this? If this game succeeds, a NEW LSL game becomes much closer to becoming a reality. Trust that if Al didn't think there was a good reason to get involved, he'd have stayed retired. Trust that if Josh Mandel didn't think it was worth getting involved, he wouldn't have. The last thing either of them(OR Paul Trowe) would want to do inflict any further damage on the Leisure Suit Larry franchise(and by extension, Al's legacy). I strongly urge you to watch Paul Trowe's video update, as it's very informative. Also watch Josh Mandel's. And hey, Michael; Al Lowe is overseeing the project and all the technical stuff you're talking about is being developed by Replay's partner, Adventure Mob. They've already mocked up some concept art of what the final game might look like. But make no mistake - Al Lowe gets the final say. Here's an animation test: <url>"old" adventure-games etc. (<url>"advance investment" they would probably incur non-insignificant profits in sales, so self-publishing might be an option (from what I read last year the original plan was to create a downloadable-title anyway; there is no huge need for a publisher there). But what I am really wondering about (and what nobody seems to speak about) is what will happen if the goal of $ 500,000 is reached (and not significantly exceeded). From what I read there will be (significant) graphical updates, full speech and interface improvements (i.e. touch-support); the game engine will have to be written from scratch - but the original storyline, setting, puzzles, etc. will remain the same. Indeed the project page expressly states: "When our funding goal is exceeded we plan on adding more rooms, more girls, and more lousy pick up lines. We're basically making it bigger, badder, and uncut (that came out wrong but you know what we mean)!". Now if the funding goal is *not* exceeded - what would be the benefit of having Al Lowe, Josh Mandel and "The Dream Team" on board? I don't think Al Lowe is going to draw the new HD-graphics, nor is he going to learn Objective C and write an Iphone-engine. His strengths are in game design and dialog writing. Same thing goes with Josh Mandel. Furthermore Al Lowe correctly pointed out the issue of Point & Click - you need a lot more content to make a game worthwhile (remember everyone bashing on Larry 5 for being to short?). Larry 1 AGI worked because it allowed for so many interactions and included "guessing"; I am not sure if a plain old Larry 1 VGA remake would be fun in 2012 (and about 70% of the potential buyers would not even get the 80s-references). Now if we only get a "basic" remake (what seems to be what is planned for $ 500.000) all the assembled talent will go to waste, the game will be rather short and most of the people here will already know everything (well, maybe "Ken" will changed to someone else). Now my question is: Is this just (stupid) marketing (i.e. not overpromising but instead just talking about the basics) or will the assembled talent really go to waste? If it's the former I would strongly suggest someone to clarify (on the main Kickstarte page) that the "Reloaded" version will feature at least x hours / percent of new content (please give at least a roug estimate) even if only the basic funding goal is achieved. This would certainly create significant interest. A mere "basic" remake would not only have the great talent of Al Lowe go to waste but also significantly decrease possible funding opportunities... But I am neither a marketing specialist nor do I now anything about game development or fund raising, so maybe I am just completely wrong / mislead / confused here... Obviously, I reckon, not recon. I recon we'll be funded by 24th April... Any other guesses? What do we win? Wow, Murphy and Crowe are getting back together? Geez, 2012 really IS the end of the world. I've understood, that Murphy and Crowe are doing their own thing seperately from Replay. So, the Two Guys from Andromeda are back as well?! Is Replay the resurrection of Sierra? If I hear the Williamses are coming on board - please let us know! I will definitely pledge a lot more. @Travis: First backer was april 2. 12 Days ago. we have 17 days left. I would say it's going to get funded. @tinapple thanks for the data! The numbers have been raising steadily. <url>"The Treasure of the Sierra On-Line" that focuses on Leisure Suit Larry. Now, I just have to keep my mom and/or nephews and nieces from reading it! <url>"Please add $15 dollars for international shipping" from the 25$ tier) I'd buy a new game from Scott Murphy and Mark Crowe whether it's Space Quest or not. Anything the Two Guys From Andromeda make will be gold to adventure fans. Click Manage your pledge on the right and change the value of your pledge. But how do you have the $25 pledge changed? Please get those rights for SQ (by force if necessary :-) ). The only thing that Activision can make out of SQ is FPS. Josh: I assume you've explored what it would take to wrest some of Sierra's IP from Activision. They don't seem terribly interested in these properties, and supposedly they licensed or sold King's Quest to Telltale. Is the asking price too high or is there another barrier? Any tiers that don't have pledges can be modified. Benjamin, we can't change existing tiers, unfortunately. But we're listening to ALL these requests and will keep adding new items and new tiers as we go along! It'll be Space Quest, no matter what they name it. ;-) Hey Josh, since you're reading these... Any way the tiers after $1100 can get a lithograph/calendar also? Those price points should really include anything below.... A couple of things, and these are based on my very preliminary discussions. One: this is NOT a Space Quest. Activision still owns the rights to SQ. Rather, it is a new space adventure...but not SQ. Second, I don't have any indication yet that this game will be done through Kickstarter. Space Quest? With the original Two Guys? As Fry would say, "Shut up and take my money!" Hope they don't start a Kickstarter soon or I'm going to have to spread out my pledges. This Kickstarter stuff is becoming an addiction, but just thinking about having the opportunity to play the games I really want (Wasteland 2, a new Larry, a new Space Quest) instead of "insert generic cookie cutter FPS here" (which I also enjoy) makes me pretty happy. Although I'd back a Space Quest kickstarter either way since it's my favorite adventure series, Mark Crowe's involvement would mean a lot to me. It was my understanding Scott still had some negative feelings and expressed some displeasure with Mark, but Mark made my favorite game in the series (SQ5), and the one they did without him (SQ6) is my least favorite, so my excitement would go way up with Mark on board. - Honestly, I'd pledge just to get a Gary Owens dub of Space Quest V. Can we get that done? Well, will they also start a kickstarter project to get enough buckazoids? @Joshua Mandel: They should wait after the Tex Murphy kickstarter is over. Even when our love is infinite our wallets aren´t. Great news btw! Thanks for the info Josh! I was kind of thinking this is a trick or something. *jaw drops* Well, I'll be damned. That's terrific news, Josh. Now...how do we get Telltale to license the rights........mmmm. What would Roger Wilco do, I wonder? ;o) I'd up to $75 for special game credits. Well then this is great news! I haven't been so excited for the whole adventure scene since the 90s! GREAT news Josh.. thanks for the info... have shared their new FB page already :-) Well, the last I'd heard, yes, Mark was at Pipeworks...and that was just a few weeks ago. But I've just finished talking to Mark, and I can tell you that it's 100% real. He and Scott are teaming up again to make a new space adventure. PLEASE support them by spreading the word. I can't see Scott and Marl reuniting. But Scott has expressed interest in doing another Space Quest game, according to Paul Trowe. So we'd him and Josh Mandel, at least. Just hope it's not an elaborate prank. I also remember an interview in which Scott said he was a bit disillusioned with Mark and wouldn't like working with him again. But that interview was given about 5-6 years ago and they probably are on better terms right now. I guess Paul should confirm this soon if it's true. "things are in the works".... Mark may not have been at liberty (yet) to speak freely about their plans to reunite as TGA... This is a bit strange. From the reddit AMA: Josh Mandel: Problem is that Mark Crowe is totally employed and consumed at Pipeworks (sp?), so he would be unavailable. Paul Trowe: Yeah, Mark said he would LOVE to be involved but it's a conflict of interest. I know Scott Murphy wants to do something but all we can officially say right now is that "things are in the works". @Zanythos actually they do reference this kickstarter as well as Jane's on their site. Go to <url>"no" it doesn't seem like that has anything to do with Replay Games (at least currently). Maybe if Larry does well those TGA (Two Guys from Andromeda) will join the Replay team. @Laffer.. guess so.. looks like they opened a facebook acount minutes ago.. <url>"Lust in Space" when this is successful. I've been waiting over 10 years to play that damn game. Hawk78 I don`t wanna a one hour creditsXD ...maybe they could add the "Special Thanks game credits" to te lower $100 pledge. I think $500 is to much for it...that would be cool :-) If you need voice actors I think should at least ask Courtnay Taylor - she's totally awesome! :D Damn, it shot up 20k since the Reddit last night. Let's keep it going, people! Pimp Larry like he's never been pimped before! Hopefull someone will make a pledge on one of the other $5000 reward tiers. The Lefty's Bar Edition filled up pretty quickly once the first one was rewarded. I've just backed 115$. Love Al Lowe games, i remember buying LSL1 when it came to sale, and i was "cheating" 'cos i didn't had 18 years old yet :D. Remember the Palomino's Ranch Manual. Good luck guys, i totally trust in you!. PD: Now i've just discovered that Al is a musician , as i am (piano career), so now im proud!!! Ok, fine you got me. Revoking my Wasteland 2 pledge and upping my Larry pledge. That project is doing just fine without me, and I was supporting it more on principle than actual interest in the genre. You guys start comparing yourselves to other Kickstarters and you'll go mad, lol. Anyway, if you have suggestions you can post them here (forums.replaygamesinc.com) so everyone from Replay Games and Adventure Mob can see all the ideas in an orderly manner. @Frederic Hamra The Banner Saga had some great looking rewards and motivated even people who had no special interest in the game to donate. I think this project could also be inspired by those rewards. Photos of the rewards on the project home could also help. Good to see that today was such a good day. Probably as a result of the Reddit AMA and first page appearance. If there are people who haven't seen it, please go and up vote: <url>"age verification" questions in the beginning. It wasn't easy to pass that quiz, because: 1) I didn't know english well enough 2) I wasn't familiar with many things I was asked about 3) I WAS a kid back then All of this greatly helped me to become really perver.. persistent person. And after all I owe Al money for the game. (alas, but in Soviet Russia it was simply impossible to buy any game legally) @ZirconJimLaffer83: Yeah, it's not an exact science or anything....It's just something I threw together. @Jordan Lee: I'm not sure that really works. Because we can have a slow day(say, 5-7K,), and then have a surge(an 18K day) that makes up for it. So it's somewhat fluid. Damn, Al has some nice responses on the AMA. His sense of humor seems to be intact :D I wrote a small bookmarklet to let us now how much money is needed per day to reach our goal! You can grab it here: <url>"ModderFokker" so nobody will notice... :) I'm spamming my ass off with that link. Using bold letters now to get noticed even more :D Just so ya know, as a means of feedback to Paul and everyone else making this happen. I'm backing this because I loved Sierra and everything they did, even though Larry wasn't my favorite. I will likely end up bumping up my pledge a bit, if it gets close to the mark. Let it be known, however, if you actually get the rights to, and begin to develop a new Space Quest game, I will sell my grandmother to fund that beast. Much love and respect to all you guys, this is a very exciting time for adventure gamers! It´s seems that since it hit Reddit front page a lot of people are coming to say hi to Al, but they seem unaware of the KS campaign. Let´s let them know about this! Spread the word and the link: <url>"It's only at $310,931? It should be at $311,106 by now ... I don't know if this will get funded." — 10 percent of the people commenting on this thing. Where's the Reddit after party? So proud this made the front page of Reddit -- congrats you guys! Awesome team-AMA! Woa! this project really made my day ! I hope you guys raise at least 2 mills ! I can't wait to play you game :) <url>… we will get there! :P We just have to get also the "old media" onboard, cause i think a lot of larry players might be in the dark-digital age now! So ask your grandpa's to support the game!!! send them an postcard! You know.. @ Jose Marcelino: I think you got the Gap between the 100$ tier and the 250$ tier a bit wrong. if you see, the gap between 75$ and 100$ is also pretty big. why? because 100 is the first one where you get a physical copy of the game and therefore simply one of the most attractive tiers in the "lower" end. there is room for another tier as you said, but i think AL and his team should rather invest some time in getting interviews and videos and everything else that promotes the game to people who actually don't know about the remake yet. BTW: i think they should make a short video about the history of larry, and whats the difference between the al lowe games, and the last two larry games that everyone would like to forget about. a lot of people seem to have no clue that minigames aint what larry stands for. BTW part2: Guys..... (the team), it really breaks my heart that this kickstarter isn't skyrocketing like the one from double fine. i think there are a lot of reasons. tim shafer is also known for consoletitles, he has always made a brand out of himself and of course, with ron gilbert on board the whole monkey island train is behind them. also, the last two larry games REALLY hurt the franchise. i, for myself, i looked over my brothers shoulders when he was playing some of the older parts, and i had a lot of fun times with Larry 7 myself, so i see this kickstarter as a chance to enjoy all of the episodes without the risk of getting eyecancer. and now a word to al himself: we love you dude. and we love your games. and we will allway keep you and the games you gave as in good memory. even though we are not setting the roof on fire, i have no doubt we will meet the goal and beyond.... I just upped my pledge from 50$ to 115$. Don't think I'll be able to go higher than that, supporting Jane Jensen as well. @Zanythos Totally agreed. I would love some more merchandise in the $100-$200 range, but if it's going to eat into their bottom-line for production costs, then no thank you. Also, a Larry statue for my desk would be all kinds of badass. I'm not stressing too much over the rewards as is they start giving away too much stuff that cuts into the 500k they need to make the game. yes I want my memorabilia too but I don't think they need to go hog wild, alot of these ideas would be greats for merchandising for when the game comes out. (I want a Larry statue for my desk). This user's account has been deleted. @Roger Wong: I agree that $500 is a bit steep (and I did pledge that much), but everyone that pledged shouldn't be included. Maybe include a thanks at the $250 tier, though, and give the $500+ a very special "thank you". @Roger Wong - No. if it ends up making the credits longer, run that section at maybe 3x speed, while the creators read off the 500+ tier names @ 1x on the side. since they contributed the most, they would get extra personal praise during the credits, while the rest of us flashed by. after re-reading the tiers, i think everyone backing this project should at least have their names in the credits. it just seems fair to include all backers, and should not be reserved for just the 500$+ tier. of course, they are the ones that contributed most of the funding, which would require super-special praise, but the lowly 15$ tier will most likely not get recognition beyond their respective tier rewards. it would make the credits several minutes longer, but i think it would be nice to include the names of the lower tiers, even if they were under an "all these supporter's funded as well, even if not so much" section in the credits (<== even if you called it that!). maybe i am being selfish and whiny because i only ponied up 100$ in the end, and i should stop talking now. i started supporting with 100$, then decided to be generous at 250$, but then backed down a few days later to 100$. so, yes, i am a cheap-skate. <url>`s going really slow today. 300k \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ This user's account has been deleted. I still want to see the new Land of The Lounge Lizards marquee get dropped on young mister Lovage and have our larry standing off to the side winking and chuckling... "sorry kid". and let it go at that. I just pledged $15 - if I can find a way to kick in some more, I will! I wanted to support this because I grew up playing LSL 1 and LSL 3(Paul Trowe was playtesting LSL 1 at 12; I played LSL 3 at 12!(thanks, Dad, for installing that for me to find!). That led me to the rest of the series, and they're some of my favorite PC games. And after those two...that shall not be mentioned came out and trashed both Larry and Al's legac,y, I want to help take the tarnish off. And hopefully open the door to the other classic Sierra franchises coming back too! Thanks Al & Replay! If anybody fancies helping with a little promotion, I've submitted a story to Slashdot , if people vote it up it may even appear on the front page. Simply go to <url>"Al Lowe tries crowd funding for Leisure Suit Larry remake". Thanks. I pledged $15 though I will not be playing in all probability. But, this bought back memories from 15 years ago and Al Lowe is a superstar and deserves to be able to do this! $300k !!!!!!! (soon) :-) There are still 4849.126525944824 backers needed. @Tomi Taipaleenmäki, send Replay a message via this link <url>"Double Fine". I feel like it's losing momentum a bit. Time to head back to the forums and pimp out larry again. Woohoo! We're almost at 300k. Let's keep up the good work and see this meet and exceed expectations! i'm going to turn around... when I turn back again I expect this Kickstarter to be over $300,000! GO GO GO! :) Woop...in my excitement forgot the link...*facepalmdeskpunch* <url>šan and I am an alcoholic, oops, I meant alloweholic :p Once I was 7 years old kid from Serbia. And we got a PC. It was monochromatic 286 with hercules graphic card, yeah we was coolest kids in the hood :) And then, one afternoon my older brother opened his hand bag and showed me the floppy drive with, pirated version of Larry 1. Damn that Monkey island pirates :p In our country at that time there were none original copies of any game :( So I didnt knew not even one word of english language at the time (no kidding :p I was 7 years old) but it was a love at first sight. Just to add that I didnt get the sex part at that point. For me Larry was incredibly funny guy that needs help to find his love :) Sierra GUI and game interface was my first english language teacher :) so thank you for that... Adventure games teached me to think logicaly, to be creative and most of all my imagination grow together with my 7 years old body. Huge thanks for that... Now I am a programmer with every day intensive and creative work. I have 26 years and I still take a wonder trips via imagination street. The whole point is not to make Leasure Suit Larry come again for us, the 'old' folks. New generation of gamers desperatly needs adventure to change a way of todays boring FPS make them aggressive and isolated. So please back this wonderful project. And Al thank you :) I realy enjoyed watching you at the promotional video. You have take me back to my childhood days. At the end, 286 PC RULES! @Benjamin Bracker: Awesome, thank you! @Bob Michiels: That's pretty awesome you're pledging a high amount of your monthly income. Don't break yourself here, but that's awesome to be the generous! I always called myself an adventure gamer because those are the games I grew up with and love, but damn if I could get through a older Sierra game without a hint book. I've got a self full of those real thick Peter and Jeremy Spear Sierra Companion hint books. Then this thing called the internet came along... I meant tiers instead of theirs in the first sentence of my previous post. On the higher tiers they forgot to add the 'add $ 15 dollars for shipping', even though those theirs also 'inherit' all the physical stuff from the lower tiers. Thank you for that long video update, Paul, even though I don't need it, maybe potential backers do. The only way I would up my pledge (but only minimal, because like I said, my pledge is already about half of the money I earn a month) if the total pledge is really close to the $500,000 near the end. I'm playing LSL 1 Live as we speak here: <url>"I don't know about that, but I do know something else..." It's been bugging me for years ;-) When all $15 backer upgrade their pledge to $40 bucks we had $112k more. Means $400k without a single new backer. Would be great huh? I guess at the end the existing backers will make it happen ;-) But only if we need too. @Mark Doherty: Yep, all internationals at the $50 and $75 level rewards must up their pledges by $15 in order to get the T-shirt. 7000 backers! Here's to at least 7000 more! Realistically we need 15,000 backers to make this happen based on the current numbers...20 days to go I really think this should happen without a problem. Hopefully all of the current backers have linked this on their facebook, twitter, etc so other fans can see it. I loved, loved, loved the Leisure Suit Larry series! I played each one probably half a dozen times, trying to max my score, haha. I remember trying to figure out all of the crap to bring in the life boat to survive in Larry 2. Classic. @Mike Villasuso I LOVED the adventure game history video, thanks for sharing. Kept searching and searching for video 4, only to realise it's all new and episode 4 is yet to come. @marso84 Keep the faith! I think we'll make it! It's still 3 weeks to go! I'm having my doubts now that we will reach the target goal of $500,000... Think they should mention at what level linux support would be at. It's a passionate community. If they get the engine working on this game with linux, future linux support for other remakes and new sequels should be easier. I think this would be a strong value point to alot of people. This user's account has been deleted. So wait, doesn't this mean that international backers who previously put down 50 or 75 dollars now need to add 15 dollars due to the $40 pledge including a physical item (the shirt), because previously the physical items didn't start until the $100 pledge? yeeeah! that would be great too.. I can imagine another awkward situation for Larry with the Latex Babes too :-) Maybe not Roger Wilco himself but cameo of Latex Babes of Estros from SQ4 (or should I say SQX :)) would be quite awesome) I think a cameo apearance of Roger Wilco in "Lust in Space" would be in order ;-) #7 with new content & HD is also megacool :) sorry typo "lust in space" Just made my pledge, I will likely up it once we get closer to the end date. I am most interested in games 2, 3, 5, 6 getting remade and of course the ultimate goal is seeing either #4 or #8 (lost in space for those who remember lol) The most incredible thing is that the long time rivalry between LucasArts and Sierra seems to have been smoothed away by the love for adventure games. I've always been a devoted LucasArts follower and have often criticized Sierra for some of their ideas in their games, but... who doesn't want Larry back? Adventurers from all over the world united! @Rottenwood agreed, hopefully this goes well above the goal for more extra ingame goodies. @ Jan: Why thank you very much! You can imagine how excited we all are to help make Larry come again.... and hopefully again, and again, and again. @Aziz Rehman Oh, I don't blame them for doing a remake; they're working with what they've been offered, and I totally get it. I'm just posing the likely scenario as to why games like Wasteland and Shadowrun are printing money, and Larry is sorta limping towards the goal. I'm sure those two non-Lowe games aren't helping, either. I think the addition of some new content would help a lot - it's easy to forget how short LSL1 is, especially when you know the puzzles already. Saw the update. You know when something comes from the heart, so great to see. That level of passion for sierra classics is definitely encouraging. @Steven: It sure did work! Great stuff! Ben - my group, Infamous Adventures, was able to make two Sierra remakes - we none of us ever sharing an office - everyone lived around the globe, in different time zones - and it worked. I'm sure, though, with the money raised they'd be able to have several pow-wows in person. It's amazing how much work you can produce over the internet these days. Bt Thanks Odd Ball, I had no idea Geoff Keighley used to be a Sierra beta tester! I really enjoyed his Last Hours of Mass Effect 3 app. <url>#6 is very informative Update 6 in and it looks like a nice long video update to look forward to when I get home from work! There are some joking references to a rivalry in the games. In Monkey Island 2 there's a book called "The Majesty of the Sierras," upon which Guybrush remarks, "Majesty? Sierras? Hardly." In Space Quest V there was a planet called LUCASUX V or some number. Yay, drunken midnight ramble! I KID! Watching and enjoying. Someone needs to kickstart a Jones in the Fast Lane remake... So I have been doing lots of research on this title and Al himself and after countless hilarious interviews and what not I decided to back this! Al is one amazing man with alot of humor and I could not be more proud to back this legend! meant "cut out the middle man." at the end. @Tim I did the same thing upping from $15 to $100. I'd say it's money well spent. I'm hoping this lets the publishers know there is a market for these adventures games. If the publishers don't fund the game, the gamers will and cut the out the middle man. History of Adventure Games, let´s celebrate the rebirth of a great genre! <url>`m dreamed about it =) @mike. Very true and gamers often bought from both. That quote from Al below shows what i mean, they really coexisted. I find that respectable and those rivalrous fans need to take some notes. I loved the Monkey Island remakes and therefore I'd also love to see Leisure Suit Larry return. I remember getting Leisure Suit Larry: Love for Sail for Christmas when I was 11 years old. I loved that scratch and sniff card which was included! *laughs* I'm probably going to up my pledge closer to the end date! :D @Joseph No, I wasn't trying to say that the companies themselves were at each other's throats. Hell, Al Lowe said in an interview just recently that he hugged Tim Schafer at DICE. The rivalry that I am talking about is amongst adventure game fans that I have talked to online. These days, it seems like a number of fans are more about LucasArts than Sierra, putting them down for things like deaths and punishment for not picking up key items. I just think that they are a bit too sore over the whole thing. At least the Sierra games were a good challenge, and you could always save any time that you wanted. Comparing a Sierra adventure to a LucasArts adventure is a bit like comparing apples to oranges, anyway. They each have their distinctive styles. Al said: "Y’know, there was never any rivalry between the game designers or the companies. I think there might have been a perceived rivalry from the point of the fans. I’d always look forward to whenever Lucas would ship a new game because it gave me something new to play. We swapped games back and forth all the time back then." Yeah, I never understood the LucasArts vs. Sierra mentality either - TWO companies making point and click adventure games? We were spoiled for choice. Nintendo vs. Sega is different because it was all about alleviating cognitive dissonance because you got a Genesis for Christmas while your friend got a SNES. @Mike - we also chatted in Jensen's thing, but I wanted to say about LucasArts vs Sierra... do you ever really remember those two being at each other's throats? It wasn't like Nintendo vs Sega. Besides, the companies are gone now. Jensen, Lowe and Schafer have all shown respect and support for one another's projects, even though they are all in different companies and Schafer was LucasArts back then. The relationship between adventure game designers seems to be among the most amiable I've seen. $281k nice, thought by the end of this week they would get to max $275k, very happy to be proven wrong :)! Al Lowe and Jane Jensen's Kickstarters have inspired me to write about treasured Sierra On-Line memories. I was first introduced to Sierra through the Space Quest series, so my story begins there. I came to Lost Wages a bit later, and was never the same again. The first two paragraphs are more about Sierra v. LucasArts. I've just been hearing far too much hate for Sierra from LucasArts fanboys recently, and I wanted to clarify that despite Sierra's design mistakes, they are still worth just as much merit in gaming history, and I love them as much as I do LucasArts' classics. <url>´t know that kickstarter charges your card until the end of the campaign...(They should PUT that info HERE on the gray banner below the "days to go", something like "Your card will only be charged if this project gets funded if at least...) or maybe they want to make sure they´ll have the money. The way I do it is that I pledge and then after weeks of finances and updates I adjust it. (Mostly to raise it!) I know how you feel Bob, hoping I didn't stretch myself too thin this month. On another note I saw about a 15-30 sec mention of this project on G4's attack of the show, during one of their commercial breaks. Kinda sad g4 can't give us more than a 30 sec mention. Well, my pledge is stretching my finances enough as it is so I won't be raising it. It's already 10 times the pledges I've been making before this, and 5 times the one I'm making on Jane Jensen's kickstarter project. This user's account has been deleted. <url>"What's a pledge! :P" It's looking promising so far, and I've done my bit today: pledged some money and spread the good word. In fact, it's only fair: I played LLLLL back in my youth, and like everybody else I know, I didn't pay. I'm not proud of that, but that was how it was...I didn't even know what piracy was back then, let alone that I was part of it. Anyway, this is an opportunity for redemption, and I'm taking it. I wish this project all the best, and look forward to play the remade Larry 1, as well as any future games from the old Sierra crew. :) Out of all the Kickstarters I've been following Wasteland 2 has been the most steady one. It has had some bursts, but the flow has seemed to be the most consistant. I think fund-rate will reduce step-by-step. Bu in the end there will be another burst. Double Fine have got their 3rd million in last 24 hours. Many other projects also have had a big funding speed-up closer to the end. That's right Tommy! Larry 7 sold over 100,000 copies back in 1996 and so far we've got just under 7,000 backers so there's a lot more people out there who need to be made aware. :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I really hope this is successful. I hope you're right! The problem is that probably there's gonna be a deflection during the last days. Generally you make the big money the first days and then you slow down a bit. Fingers crossed... The should really put the option to edit comment. Now I see how many mistakes I have made. Of course we will make it. . We still have 21 days and we are 55% after only 9 days. 10800 per day will bi enough to reach the goal. Just to compare we made over 20k yesterday, and 18k the day before. Money is rising up too slowly... I'm afraid we won't make it. Excellent long interview on here <url>#more-103200 most recent one I think, have a read its very good! Reading the playthrough by adventure gamer now. Relive the memories! :) <url>Érico Wow, this thing is shooting up faster than Tommy Chong! I apologize if you are too young to get the joke. 270K now. Wow - a blast from the past! I just pledged the base $15 since I've kinda spent too much on Kickstarter projects this month already, but if you commit to a Linux version before this is over, I'll up my pledge. Long Live Larry! @Josh, Completely understood. By the way, I suggest a signed box version of the game by Al as a reward between 150 to 200 pledge and I think it will attract more backers. well, I upgraded my pledge to $115 and hope that it will help the goal to be reached faster! This user's account has been deleted. Thanks Roy, what a headline! I think Jane will be fine as well. @ Joseph Pantaleo Actually they did: <url>"If I give replay games 15 dollars then I'll get a game", but in actuality, this may not happen (through no fault of anyones, sometimes stuff just doesn't work!) I've seen many people get very upset about backing projects that go nowhere. Now I am not saying that this one will (in fact, I doubt it will - it's more likely these people know how ot make a game based on their track history, right?) but people need to not be so attached to the feeling they are getting something other than warm fuzzies when they use kickstarter, otherwise you will set yourself up for a big painful moment when you finally back a dead end project. 20K day. Awesome work! Ken Williams has made a small (1 line) post about the project over at <url>#more-103200 <url>"Get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged!" No more college hazings or box office flops for old Larry. <url>"DRM Free Version" windows? Will Linux be supported? New interview with Al and Paul (Rock Paper Shotgun): <url>€€€ behind! And I feel kinda bad for having pirated the game back in the day :) Anyway, thanks for the mammar... I mean memories! Oh, and thanks :D Most people are always willing to give money if they feel, that they get something out of it and when it comes to games, most people feel that the game itself is enough. Of course 15$ is as high some people can pledge. Personally I would have pledged higher, but with my income it's not possible, especially when I've pledged on couple of other projects as well. Nice 3D work, btw. @Tomi: I personally enjoy music and soundtracks. I'm a musician, so I guess that sort of plays into that. But even then, this project shouldn't revolve around entirely around incentives. I mean, after all, the game is only $15. People waste $60 on mediocre current gen console games daily. So why not throw in more extra bucks to ensure it actually happens? Tier 2 isn't that exiting. Wasteland 2 has a bit similar 1 & 2 tiers. There tier 1 has 28210 pledgers and tier 2 only 4105. And W2 even gives high resolution concept art PDF on tier 2. I mean, We have 3,972 backers for tier 1, which is great, but there's a 78% drop-off between tier 1 and 2, which is only $10 more, and it gets worse from there. @Tommy Mejldal: Sorry to hear about your situation. That's completely understandable in your case. Thank you for your support. @Odd Ball: Maybe, but I'm not sure there's anything to announce at the moment. This is where faith comes in. I mean, Lowe and company created some really good games for over a decade at Sierra. Now fans get a rare chance to support him again, and all they give is $15? I'm sure some have their reasons, like Tommy above, but c'mon. I'm not saying $15 isn't good enough. My point is, if you consider yourself a fan, and are old enough to hold a job, be more generous. We have to be to meet our goal. We won't make it on $15 pledges. (This isn't aimed at anyone in particular, by the way.) This user's account has been deleted. @Jonas Salonen & Tom King , at the moment I think a lot of the backers are on the fence waiting for either their finances to settle, waiting for exciting update or just want to support something that they remember but are unsure about but they should come around in the end! This user's account has been deleted. @Tom Yeah, that's right. What some people don't realise is that the money doesn't change hands until the 2. of May. That has been the only thing that has abled me to pledge to so many projects with the sums I have. I have delicately counted my paydays and the closures with Kickstarter projects and there is actually quite a lot variation on the closure dates so it really hasn't been that a big problem. @Odd Ball: If they can afford the extra bucks, it's totally worth upgrading to at least the $100 package ($115 if you're in Europe, to cover shipping). If $15 pledgers converted, that would be more than enough to reach our goal. Fees are due until May 2. Pledge what you can, save up, cut back on eating out and other expenses, and save Larry! @Steve Brown: Here's your chance to make it up to him. Be generous. 50% \o/ "New interview with Al Lowe here <url>" Edit: Let let load and interview starts exactly 6 minutes in, enjoy as its quiet good! New interview with Al Lowe here <url>~did~ sell me LSL3 just a few years later....and dammit if that game doesn't still haunt my dreams. *sigh* man, I loved that one. It is wonderful to see the number jump by a few thousand whenever I have the time to pop on here. Europa is awake.. andthe game has slowely walked over the half point! :D Way to go! 65% of the backers are @ $15 but I hope once more updates/videos/concept art pops up they will up their bid, hope so anyway :) Congratulations on the halfway mark! I will hopefully soon be able to up my pledge. Cannot wait to play. :) just increased my pledge from $15 to $75 - hope other will also consider an upgrade. @Hamish Fawns, yeah I was thinking more along the lines of that little clip we get in the video with Al, no HD just something small and (hopefully) relatively inexpensive. also someone else posted maybe having extras on the physical editions, that would be a great extra. Yep, and we could use 6,000 more. 6000 backers! Livin' on a prayer @Zanythos: Great idea! As long as the animation wasn't prohibitively expensive. Half way there! Woooo hooo, congrats on hitting halfway mark. Keep up spreading the word everyone! Hey guys, we just made the front page of Kickstarter as the Project of the Day! idea post moved to the forums. feel free to respond there thanks guys The forums are back up :) Since the forums are down atm I shot an idea direct to replay through here, but I would like to hear your guys' feedback as well. We have the video of Al on the main page with that little clip of Larry at about 4 min or so into it. What if they made a small 3-5 min video of Larry (or Larry and Al) talking about the project maybe have a little reminiscing.and at the end Larry (or both) could ask for the communities help. And of course blatantly plaster it all over youtube and anywhere else we can think of. Hey Everyone, our web host went down for a couple hours for site maintenance. It will be back up soon along with the forums. I'm not obsessively checking this thing throughout the day at all. Not at all. (Really happy you guys hit the halfway mark today. I hope there was at least a small celebration.) :) @irishmile yes, yes it does. Slowly but surely. Halfway there. Here is hoping we hit goal. Half way there... THIS HAS TO HAPPEN!!! So happy we hit 250K. Halfway there. Awesome! 250k! Did we crash the Replay Games website? Nice 250k, well done all! 250K!!! Bartender, a round of drinks for everyone! Bottoms up! I was going to post that suggestion on the forums, but I cannot seem to access them at the moment. @ Mike Haley I agree! I loved reading all the game catalogs that came with the Sierra games. Replay should really include a retrospective of some sort. Sentimentalists like me would love it, and newcomers to the series could read more about the other Larry games. For the physical game disc at the $100 reward tier, it would be really cool if all the promotional material, video updates and complete series retrospective (which a few others on here have suggested; it may help the campaign for those that are not familiar with certain entries in the series) were included on disc. Sierra always jam packed their CDs with little things like that. It was one of the things that I always looked forward to checking out. Nowadays, you get a lot of game discs that are pretty bare bones in terms of extras. WE'RE OVER 50%!!!! Alright, we've jumped the first hurdle and now here comes the REAL grunt work! Get all your friends and family and anyone you know who loves these old school adventure games to pledge money! If you pledged $15, I ask you if you could pleeeease up your pledge to at least the next tier so you can own a soundtrack full of beautiful new Larry music like this: <url>"toon Larry" thing, just make him a BIT less caricatured, that way when we get to Larry 3 it's semi-believable that he could land someone like Passionate Patti. @Kevin: YES! I wonder if Scott Murphy would be willing to do it. And if he would be willing to let Josh Mandel help. (I'm REALLY excited about Josh's work on this Larry game. Space Quest 6 had some of the most hilarious narration and descriptions I've ever heard in a game.) don't forget to visit forums.replaygamesinc.com best way to communcate with the team with suggestions and any questions that you might have I love that LSL will make a comeback. Now, we must also revive Space Quest! Man you're fast :) @S. van Hengel: Added :) Just upped my pledge from $100 to $500 because I really want to see this happen. That, and I want to see my name in the credits. Also just plopped down a Grant on Jane Jensen's project just because I love everything Sierra. Backing this but I hate the artwork. Am I the only one who thinks Larry is less of a loser as a cartoon? He looks so 'whimsical'. Make Larry ugly and his women sexy. Stop making everything new kiddy and cute. EMBRACE the sleaze, stop running away from it. I stopped playing after the third game because the art degenerated into toon porn. Thx Tom ...add some info to the video though :) When they start talking about it and also include the kickstarter link... For those who missed the interview, I uploaded it to my vimeo: <url>`t stop looking at this page and Jane Jensen adventure project just to see if we`re getting closer to our goal! To all backers here that love old adventure games and haven't donated to Jane`s project yet, go there and "help" (<url>`ll have a wonderful year waiting for 3 great adventures (i`m counting Tim Schafer too)! It better be way over $250k when I wake up tomorrow. That was a great interview on Game On, it made a nice change to see tv presenters who were positive about something and knew what they were talking about. Oh definitely, Scott! Let's get a video of Al playing the sax too! $16K in the last 24 hours. Good one! I think funding would SKYROCKET if Al would record a video where he sings the Freddy Pharkas song. (pretend you agree, everyone else!) Al & Paul start at the minute 6:00 on the Game On! show. Great interview! Great interview! thanks for the link Tomi! Whoa, talk about a big jump in the past few hours! Almost at 50%, we're looking good now! Al Lowe interview on Game On! show. <url>´s hit the 250k 50% mark today! Spread the word. woot got my girl, and my step mom to pledge $15 (was the most i could talk them out of) gonna talk to my buddy and my dad later and see if i can't get them to at least pick up $15 pledges. Lefty´s full! Whoa! I just raised mine from $50 to $100, thought it would be nice to have a boxed version to go with the old ones. if everyone who's already donated gave another 10 dollars we could be near $300,000! Do it! wooooohoooo we re almost at 50% funded :D skip that last remark... only one empty stool for Larry.... :-))) @Jordan: haha... two empty stools left.. one for another bakcer and one for Larry... Lefty's is filling up quickly! and yet another $5000 backer :-))) @Scott McAfee: Nice reference! Is it just me or are we picking up speed? :-) I am so freaking excited to see Al Lowe and Larry back in action. I wrote to Al Lowe several years ago, wondering why it took me 20 years to do so. He is such a nice guy, he wrote back! I keep our correspondence as a scared treasure, tucked away in my Leisure Suit Larry's Greatest Hits and Misses game box (I am a huge Larry fan and collect the games). Truly as pioneer (and not JUST for his Larry games) who worked for one of the BEST gaming companies ever (RIP Sierra), I didn’t hesitate to donate some funds to get this project launched. Full steam ahead Al, and hopefully the fans will "tickle your ass with a feather"....er, I mean.....hopefully you'll avoid any "particularly nasty weather" ;-) @Sam: Every little bit helps! @Replay games: please add link to the forums to project home page. I know it's not much, but bumped up my pledge to $25! Yay, I put it over $234k! I don't need any new reward tiers, having my name in the game suits me juust fine! Well, that and all the previous tier swag included. Heheh, my own LSL "lubber", sweet. @Paul Chaplin : Just get yourself a Windows 8 preview version for free at <url>"undefined amount of extra funding after the $500k goal is reached". I would love to up my pledge, but without a definite goal to aim for, I'll sit at $15 and find a Windows PC to play it on at some point. Hey there dear LSL fans :) ! I was wondering about the "We’ll custom-mail you an actual physical game and game box (..)". As I'm on Mac, would it be a CD (or USB? :) ) PC+OSX compatible? Btw, I'm a complete LSL7 fan addict and I just can't wait the remake (with all the easter eggs and the same awesome french localization!!) . love Would like either a 30 dollar pack for digital copy and a shirt! AND/OR 40 dollar pack for digital copy, digital soundtrack and a shirt! Either of these or similar brackets would entice me to upgrade! Thanks! Can't wait for a new decade of AL LOWE Larry games! <3 from Australia! @Benjamin Bracket: in the few KS-campaigns I've pledged for boxes started from the 100-tier. I know because I'm a box kind of guy :-) Hey guys, let's tweet Kickstarter asking them to put Leisure Suit Larry on the front page! <url>#!/kickstarter 2 5K backers! Thank you so much! Almost at half point! haha.. we need more of these 5K backers... super!!! 5k guy, awesome! "Have a nice day." ;) Hmmm I suggested the Larry Laffer condom tier but think it should also be in the $75 tier since this one doesn't have a lot of Backers. Like to know what tiers get a backer T-shirt. Wow thanks, someone just put 5k on here! Also guys there is a forum for this project now its here <url>"We don't need additional funding to do OS X, iOS, Android. We do need additional funding for Linux. Sorry, but it's not supported by our engine and we need to re-write the entire game for Linux. Once we're funded, our next milestone is Linux, like we've said before. Thank you!!! -Paul T." @Zanythos: I didn't want to mention it :). The important thing is that it's going up! wow i just realized i need not to do math after being up for 2 days lol 1/2 of 500k is 250k (feels like the idiot he is) The project is running fine, it made half of the desired amount and still has 23 days left. I agree. Al et. all need to do more communication some people seem to view leisure Suit Larry as a "porn game" and not a 40 year old virgin satire type of game. And Also push the word out there for old school graphic adventures 1/2 way. YEAH BABY! Holy crap! I only found out about this today and its been running a whole week!? .. WHY THE HELL ISNT THIS ON THE FRONT PAGE!!?? You managed to squeeze $100 bucks out of me for a game I have played several times. If for some unfortunate reason this project isn't funded, please try again. I would personally like to see a brand new, word parser-based, EGA graphics adventure starring Larry Laffer. Forget about voice acting and fancy graphics. Keep the cost down and everyone will be happy. Best of luck! Don't give up! The guy who started the TAKEDOWN KIckstarter got the majority of his funding in the last week of his time limit and that wasn't even for full release, just an alpha: <url>"(About Larry KS) Other games seem to be doing well, as already mentioned, Wasteland 2 and Shadowrun have both raked in the money, really it’s all down to the video, look at Chris Allen’s “Hardcore Tactical Shooter”, that was going pretty dire until he revamped the whole campaign and came back with a new video and style and in the end they got 110% of their goal even though the revamp only had 5 days to work." Everybody with this great ideas should sent a message to Replay Games hitting the blue link at the top of this page "send message" That way you are sure they are going to read them! Thanks guys. Hint book pledge idea is really great ! @ Replay Games I hope, read the comments below, actually the idea of ​​improving the reward to $ 100 donors, can attract a lot more money for the project. @Bob Michiels: Yes, it is, but people don't necessarily know how much the person pledged. So right now it looks like nobody has pledged more than $1000. *and you can't read the text under the chemical pen anymore. Sorry didn't get to finish that thought in the last post. @Kevin I'm not to keen on the special items, feels a bit much like DLC. I like the idea of one of those hilariously condescending Sierra hint books of old, with the red visor to view the hints. I realize that isn't quite as old school as the chemical pen hint books, but I still own the book for SQ1 @Jordan Lee: sure, but isn't the total amount you pledged, disregarding which tier you chose, included in the total at the top? Additional reward idea: Backers start with an exclusive inventory item that will unlock a special joke somewhere in the game. Pledged my $100 (sorry I couldn't pledge more), love these games. Just went to my dads a few nights ago and dug out his box of sierra collector's edition's. Time to get warmed up. BTW for those interested there is a rare copy of LSL2 with a point n click interface floating around on the web if you can find it, last time I looked for it I had to dig fairly deep with google to find a working download link. @Kenny Chik You can pledge a higher amount without choosing the corresponding reward, so anyone with more interest in the lithographs can pledge whatever amount they choose, and select the $1000 reward tier. Now playing LSL 6 Shape Up or Slip Out! <url>"Special thanks" part of the credits from the $ 500- tier. I´m still in with $15. Unconvinced why I should pledge more for a re-remake of Larry? Yeah, RG and Al talked about "new stuff" as well - but without being concrete. New locations? New quests? New what? Besides I´m still heavily worry about that the mobile version will have negative effects on the PC version!! Or has anyone a good example for a control system of an multiplatform release so far? No one that I´m aware of. Don´t get me wrong! I want to see this one become a huge success and I want NEW Larry stuff for sure! Go Larry go! :-) @Pedro: Well, they did remove the sentence "(please add $15 for international shipping)" from the $25 pledge reward text. There could also be a "sacrify your sins" Award, which grants mercy from the cyberlord upon you, relieving you from the act of having copied the old game years ago :) never mind - i was able to change my amount. hmm...if the gifts are being reworked, i would definitely change my pledge to 250$. i have pledged 150$ for my first, but the FAQ says i cannot change it directly. As far as I can figure out, Mark Doherty is correct: you have to contact a KS admin. The point is that it's got to be impossible to remove stuff, and there's no way to check for it automatically; even if you were only able to *add* text to the end of a pledge, it would be possible to do stuff such as "ignore the previous sentence", which would effectively remove rewards. @OddBall and Johnny Vila - While I heard that you can't modify pledges once someone's pledged to it, Wasteland II inserted/added Chris Avellone's name to the $250 signed copy tier when they hit 2.1 million so there must be a way of doing it (may require a kickstarter admin - I honestly don't know). You can definitely add new pledges though, including one at the same level (like the Dead Linger did for their $25 award) or you can just say in the FAQ that level x now also gets y and z (like Banner Saga did when they added getting all 3 bits of the game to their $50 level pledge) @AvidGamer - Only if Larry's wearing a pirate's hat and eyepatch on the front cover. @Johnny I agree with you that maybe add another $100 reward tier for named credit at the end of the game or add another reward tier which has a T-Shirt (since T-Shirt may include additional shipping cost which may not be applicable to some backer). If $100 reward has named credit or another somewhat other thing similar to this, I believe it should attract some of other backers, (including me. ^_^). New to Kick Starter and supporting a lot of projects already. As soon as I heard Al and team were trying to get funds to remake LSL I was like hell yeah I'll support this. Thanks for the many great times I've had with LSL games I look forward to this remake and will support future projects :) Cheers Josh Chilton @Odd Ball I think I can change ... but at least add rewards to a category. In the case of Double Fine Adventure, added T-Shirt Backer, who donated $ 100.00, days after the start of the campaign. @AvidGamer Fantastic idea. @Avid, That's an awesome idea. We definitely should have a hint book tier! @Johnny Vila, good but I think I read on another comments section that they cant change the reward tiers once they are instilled all they can do is open a new reward or adjust the number of backers a reward can have. I do agree with you though that your suggestion will get more pledges or people increasing their bids, just hope that it can be done. @Odd Ball sent. :) Actually, I believe That If They Improve the value of $ 100, The donations will Increase rapidly. For it is of Considerable value for the composition of the donations, but many That Can afford ....above that it is difficult. Any chance of another Cybersniff 2000? @Johnny Vila send Replay Games an e-mail via the link above they respond quite quickly. This user's account has been deleted. Yes, Double Fine Adventure, had 11,530 Backers of $ 100. Improving the reward for this value, we could have increased considerable value. Even the staff, who gave lower values. Name in the credits, is a great reward, at virtually no cost to the project. Happy Easter Everyone! My Livestream of Love for Sail is Back online! <url>"dinosaurs" to be revealed community :) I liked the first larry so much, al please have a good eye on it, put your glasses on and don't let them old guys touch grandma's back while working :) Serious greets from switzerland If everyone who has pledged $15 and $25 up their pledge to the next tier, that would actually increase the total pledge about $55.000 as it now stands. It would only mean a few dollars more from each and everyone's budget, but quite a lot in the long run for the project. I loved it when it was text based, any chance to get the option to rely on typing :) I'm going to try and reach out to some gaming people. I've uploaded the pitch video to my YouTube channel and I think we need to communicate that we need this game to get made so Replay Games can show this to investors and get future funding for new Larrys and even possibly Space Quest games. That isn't to say this remake isn't going to be absolutely amazing. I just added advertising comments on some more YouTube videos with LSL walkthroughs... @Christopher Just in case that some of the potential backer will have interested in that reward level tie. lol @Hamish Wow.. Hope to see the reactivation of old school adventure as soon as possible! From the trend of steady increment of the pledge, hope to reach the goal in 1 or 2 weeks and keep steadily increase above the goal to make a much better Larry resurrection! Larry is all about the joke a man like him is! - And that he never really gets it. lol Joke after joke after joke - and he keeps going - totally unaware of it. Fantastic! :D It seems a lot of people commenting on this in other sites, other than those who equate Larry with the two Larry Lov(e)age games, seem to think the series was about doing stuff to see naked pics of women... I've seen several people saying things like "no, thanks, I can get porn from free on the internet". I think we ought to educate them about how these are very, very funny, well-written adventures. @Kenny Chik Telltale has the rights to King's Quest and plans to release a game in episodic format. Should be interesting. Man i could never afford that much Money,....:( Personally, I hope Larry will be succeed in funding (which I believe to be) and so Space Quest and King's Quest will have chance to have a remake version or even a new chapter. By the way, maybe if there's another reward for backer with pledge higher than $1000 that backers would like to have? (from the trend that lithographs have greater interest from backers.) OMG already $216,594 after a few days. Thanks to all who are spreading the word! That's a great idea, Tom! When you guys do get around to making a new Larry game you should have it start at his nephew's funeral. Thanks Gregory, the Sierra revival starts with these two projects! Go team Sierra! @Gregory +1 @ Gregory Cheers, adventure games rock! Just came over from Jane's kickstarter and pledged. Good luck! :) <url>äkii They need to make an addition to the $5000 reward tier. "A character of your design will be seen feeding Larry Lovage into a meat grinder." Also, I already brought this to Al's attention last night, but I started a Steam Group for the project: <url>"acquired" the AGI version of Larry 1 in February, 1997. A bit late to the party, but I was only 14 at the time (shame on you for corrupting my adolescent mind! j/k). I might be in the minority here, but I loved the parser interface, and the hilarious responses that resulted from it. Exploring Lost Wages was a blast, too. I felt so bad about acquiring the game in the way that I did that I went out and bought the Leisure Suit Larry Collection Series (Larry 1-6), and later, Leisure Suit Larry 7: Love for Sail! and Leisure Suit Larry's Casino. Looking back, Larry 1 may not be my favorite, but nonetheless, I am backing this project in hope of Larry 2-7 also being updated for modern systems with modern graphics and sound, and that one day down the road, a true Larry 8 will see the light of day. Magna **** Laude and Box Office Bust DO NOT count as Larry 8 and 9. 8k made whilst I slept, doing steadily now, let's keep up the good work! This could be a crap idea, but how about a speaking roll in the game for a contributor(s)? You could hold YouTube voice-only auditions for minor characters, or for background dialogue. You could decide the winner or you could leave it to us to vote on. Could be a fun thing to do whilst waiting for the game. I'll stop drinking beer now. OMG! My husband and I want to make Larry come and come again! Well, the $1000 tier has lithographs and a calendar, which might be more desireable than a giant banner to some. :D @Jan yeah, yeah...ha The send it to me! LOL @Krid: but what if you don't have room for a gigantic, durable, limousine-sized Leisure Suit Larry banner? ;-) Pretty stupid to pledge 2,500 and over but staying within the 1,000 tier. @Krid I have a very good feeling that someone has. :) $15 is actually quite cheap for a great video game... even if it is a remake... so I just raised my plegde... come on people. Let's get this thing started!!! here's the mentioning of a remake in a previous interview given by Al, listen <url>#t=507s I just added an advertising comment on some YouTube videos with LSL1 walkthroughs.. just to let them know Al Lowe is getting another shot with Larry.. maybe it helps :-) @ Jordan I am fairly confident that no one has pledged $2,500 or more yet or that person would have chosen that particular tier. @Nicolas: Al composed LSL theme (I thought everyone knew :) ) so it's quite obvious he should be the one performing it for the remake! People may have contributed more, but chosen a different reward (or none at all), so there isn't a way to determine the maximum pledge so far. A problem is that we don't have any backers above the $2,500 mark. If! contributions are drying out without any bigger backers coming in we might have a problem in the end. I am hoping for the best since this will be a great opportunity for us adventure game enthusiast. @Krzysztof maybe he has already played saxo on larry's franchise, i don't know @Nicolas I think you're stating what's been obvious since the beginning ;) I saw a video from Al lowe, who was playing Leisure suit larry's theme with his saxo. It should be a very good idea that al Lowe should play this theme for this future game <url>à Perchè no worries, this will get funded by the looks of it. and you can also help spreading the word :) I grew up with Larry...quite literally. Well before I should have, in my desperate search for a quality gaming experience on my BLAZING FAST 486 dx100, I somehow stumbled upon LSL1. Since then, I've been a die-hard fan. I share the same birthday with Al, and had the amazing pleasure of a few back-and-forth emails one year, when I found his humor site. I'm so amazingly happy to see this series live on, and in the hands of AL EFFING LOWE HIMSELF. I can't wait. Hi to Al and Replay Games. What are you going to do if kickstarter would be unable to raise $500,000? I mean is there any hope for Larry? P.S. I've backed yr. project. I just feel nervous :( HD remakes are great when handled with love like this project. We've seen that recently with the 10th Anniversary Edition of Halo and the HD version of Ico & Shadow of the Colossus. Larry is prone to being underestimated and once people see the full animation and the voice acting I think it'll be a real draw card for iOS and Steam users. It's the 25th Anniversary, we're going to make this happen! I think one other reason for remaking LSL1 instead of 2 & 3 is the fact that was probably the shortest game of all series + it had the least graphical content. Naturally it would take more time & $ for 2 or 3. @aziz: ha.. me too :-) This user's account has been deleted. Some people don't mind to pay for a remake in the cinema or a "3D" version of an already seen movie but do have problem with paying for a remake of a good video game (that if successfull will unlock new games in the series and more remakes from what I understand). Aha. Makes no sense but aha anyway. It would actually pretty cool to get the game done in similar fashion to Monkey Island SE's. But this time there would be three levels: new remake, 91 remake and old AGI game. Though it could be tad difficult if Al & co. get enough money to do additional scenes to the game. I think it would be really cool if the remake featured a cross-over support for both textual controlling the game, and navigational controlling the game. With the emerge of wordfreud alike games, it could be considered a trending to start reusing "words" again. .. Not to mention it's much easier to help someone stuck in the game by giving him the words he needs to type! :P Having a point and click adventure, doesn't mean you have to drop all the text control yourself. And don't forget all the fun you are having by typing something absolutely stupid and getting a random response back from the screen :) Hmm. that almost sounds like posting a comment and getting some answer.. :P Everybody harass their favorite gaming website and tell them about the new video. Go Larry!!! ... And please.. pladge Jane Jensen projects too! @David ya, because i spent 10 minutes doing it ;D At least the negative comments under that Joystiq article were all downvoted, which gives me a little bit of hope. They hate adventure games because in them you have to think for a change and kids/teens today don`t like that. That`s why Call of duty is a top for them. Secondly they lack any imagination, I see that everyday. Those Joystiq comments are a pretty good indicator of how badly those last two "Larry" games hurt the reputation of the series. Maybe Replay should add a game in the casino where you can stone the developers of Team 17 and High Voltage. @Pedro , unfortunately Haters gonna hate The comments on <url>´s do it for history! <url>"Did" Victorian Principles, see video below, LSL7 is such a fun game! <url>´s great, I have forgotten how funny this game was! In support of Al and Larry I'm playing LSL 7 LIVE! <url>"lost" Larry 4) so... really, I don't get all the dissatisfaction. Larry 1 with high-res graphics, full voice acting and orchestral jazzy soundtrack? Sounds like a winner to me. I agree with William, and I feel there should be a tier in between $100 and $250. @Rod: hopefully, they'll remake all of them, in order. Besides, LSL3 was the best one. :) Here's an interview with Al Lowe and Leo LaPorte from back in 2002. Maybe the new LSL should be called LSL4? <url>"outrageous" rewards for the > $1,000 levels (which no one seems to be interested in), but the lower levels are actually much more important to your bottom line. Look at the numbers: 98% percent of backers have pledged $100 or less, and 75% of the entire sum raised so far has come from the $15 to $100 tiers. Almost two thirds of all backers have only pledged the minimum of $15! Maybe you could think about adding something interesting to the $25 to $100 tiers to give people an incentive to pledge a little more. $40 average pledge is good people, @ Tommy Mejildal, good idea but most LSL pages seem dead though however we should still try! YES 200k, it can and will be done! This user's account has been deleted. 200 k \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ Al, you gotta get some more press on this. Hit up the fellas at Giant Bomb. Cool Paskarl, one more reason to back this. Just think of what the two bald masterminds of Mandel and Lowe can achieve with this AND future projects :) . My money is in on this and I hope the 300.00 still needed comes swftly! Hell yes. Al Lowe is boss! Bring back all the old Sierra games <3 Hope you reach the goal, Al. I backed you! ...in that same video is Dean Erickson at 13:48 min and at 14:16 min David Homb (Don, Phantasmagoria) YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!! Alright, we hit 200,000! Now we need 300,000 in 25 days! That's an average of $12,000 a day. Work your magic, Replay! @Thom Foster: YES he is !!! Saw him last time in the "merry christmas video" on Adventuretreff.de: <url>"Josh" mentioned here THE Josh Mandel? The all so legendary one? Is he in on this? Hey Josh, after this is done do a Callahan's Crosstime Saloon 2 kickstarter! Or maybe a John Saul's Blackstone Chronicles 2 kickstarter! Bring back the Legend Entertainment of old! :Evil Grin: I sent Replay games a message a couple days ago and they instantly responded -- they're processing a lot of letters and reactions from the fans right now, and I'm sure they're working to get answers to all of the questions out there. Some quick answers from me: $500k is not a lot of money for anything in the entertainment industry -- this is a small team project, with lots of love and sweat to get it done for that much. You can't just update the graphics, they're doing it all from scratch, building the framework within the engine for the other games, recording new voicework, music, and more. They have to produce a successful remake before they're allowed the freedom to make a new game -- this is a condition by the current rights holders. I'm pretty sure they're working frantically to get the word out that there are very good reasons for why it has to be done like this -- go to your local forum or comments section and correct the misconceptions. amen joseph anyway, this is slowly but steadily getting to the funding goal, 1621 to go for 40% I agree @tinapple, people are doing a really good job of talking themselves out of helping someone. If people knew the history and the stakes I believe we'd have more supporters. I'm sure there will be an update video as soon as 200k is reached, but there really should be more activity from Replay Games, meaning increased responses in the comments, even if they have to repeat themselves, small tweaks in the project page as a result of feedback, maybe even small incentives added. I've seen a very negative attitude in several articles on the net regarding this project. While for others it is perfectly clear, I think it would help to explain more the fact that the last 2 LSL, 3 if you count the mobile game, have nothing to do with Al Lowe or the original team. Some people seem to think otherwise. Also a more prominent explanation on why there will be a remake first and not a new game, Also a rough breakdown of the costs would help. A lot of people compare it negatively to the Double Fine project which only needed 300k for an original game. These aspects might seem redundant or obvious to some and have already been covered, but I think it would be very helpful to potential new backers to make these things more clear and prominent on the main page. 500k is what we're going to need to revive Larry, introduce him to new fans and bring Al Lowe back into the industry. There's no other chance after this. Dont get me wrong...I´d love to see LSL funded (thats why I pledged too)... Nonetheless 500k for "just" some updated gfx seems quite a lot of money. Not sure if the goal will be reached. Wooo! 5000 backers! Get the word out! Hope Al reaches the goal! Also, more adventure fans should support Jane Jensen and her Kickstarter as well <url>#Net. Post in Forums by Hotlinking, or just chat about it ;) Lets do this ! I actually played the original Softporn through a couple of months ago and was stunned, how similar the game actually is to Larry 1. Basically it had only one area, that was not in Larry. You even had to play casino games in it. @AI ... It's ok, just select English at the lenguage selection screen and everybody is happy... hehehe... dont mind me, i'm just being controversial here as you said :D Anyway, I didnt take into account that it was going to be "Fully localize all the voice overs in to as many languages as possible. We will start with FIGS"... so I'll up my pledge just for because of this. Any chance that we can see the original EGA (and maybe even VGA) versions of the game bundled with the new remake? If for no other reason than to show the newbies the origins of Larry Laffer. Hell, toss in Softporn, too. @Shagittarius Well that's exactly what I mean, we'll only get the product as intended when heard in the original language. Then you have subtitles which provide translation or you choose English subtitles to improve your English (or if hard of hearing). @AL Even though I speak English, if I lived in Canada and spoke Swahili I would prefer to hear the original inflection delivered and simply read the translation in the subtitles. k time for bed, hope to see the total at 200k when I wake up! i see the price going down sometimes, it seems some people are changing their mind. COME ON PEOPLE LETS make it happen!! Almost $ 200 000, maybe some update or new video ? @Al I think this is as good as it gets. We need a proper forum for that. Unfortunately, Kickstarter's comments section is a bit lacking in that regard. +1 to @Victor for this Also - is it possible to have polls on kickstarter? Where the developers can ask questions, and people can vote, and the more you pledge, the stronger your votes are? A discussion about the localizing could be a very controversial one but nevertheless I think it could be a good thing to leave feedback to the developers. They write there will be full voice translation for FIGS and as a statement it is I suppose it can not be easily changed but... Am I the only one that is thinking that will add a great deal of cost/overhead to the project and that it would be better with English spoken language AND a range of subtitles (other languages AND English as well)? That would be much cheaper than voice localizing and would permit to have more languages from the start. I'm concerned as well with the fact that the developers won't have the possibility of that much quality control when the game is localized to another language they do not speak, as it can be as well be difficult to translate some jokes and so on. Before someone commenting this let me make clear that my mother tongue is in the FIGS group and that I grew up with voice translated movies (which I thought it was natural then but now I avoid at ALL costs) and that I owe LSL as it contributed a great deal to improving my English language. This thing of the game improving/helping to learn English is something that several backers have mentioned. As the customer focus can not be children (because of the content) the language should not be a problem. In my opinion it should much better adding support for other platforms instead (though I doubt Apple will ever approve this game for iPads). While being sceptical that any US company outside the porn industry will ever come up with anything that is loose-lipped about sexually implicit content, I'm willing to thow in my $15 into the pot and hope to be proven wrong - that it won't turn out to be as watered down as anything that game after Larry 6. @Pedro, Sorry another Pedro then! I didn't comment on, or anything about, Shadowrun... @ William Sheridan , great your so passionate and I also realise this remake/re-imagining needs to happen for there to be a LSL4 & LSL8! @Pedro, saw you on the Shadow Run comments section, man wish some of that cash could come here, 100k after their 400k goal was reached would have been nice :) Oh well our total keeps growing so its all good, just need to spread the word as best we can! Sorry, I meant "Al or Josh". :) Guys, if they were doing a simple HD remake (like LSL1 VGA), they wouldn't need writers such as Al or Lowe. It's a remake of the first game, yes, but it's supposed to have new stuff. Bottom line, this game has to happen for sequels to happen Actually the agreement had everything to do with this title. Before they are allowed to have full rein on the IP, Codemasters wants to make sure they don't tarnish it further compared to what the Xbox games did to it. This is a mandatory first step, without this game, there are no sequels @William: I said "somewhat" redundant and unoriginal, which is hard to deny considering that this is the third (arguably fourth) time the same story is used in a game. The agreement with Codemasters regarding possible sequels has nothing to do with the nature of *this* project. @David. To call this a redundant and unoriginal project isn't really accurate. If it is a true sequel you want, you must remember that the agreement with Codemasters requires Replay Games to first create this remake to prove themselves. After that they will be greenlit on other remakes and the possible sequels. @Odd Ball - maybe that is the progression, and maybe this leads to them having another Kickstarter down the road. But if you want any chance of a sequel, any hope at all of this great franchise returning to our lives, it starts here. This MUST be the first step. Funding this project is funding the possibility of future sequels. We can't get to the possibility of sequels without first making this game! @Billion Dollar Baby: You are right, this isn't really a remake of a remake. However, what they probably mean is that this exact story has been told several times in the past, making this a somewhat redundant and unoriginal project. Not that it makes a difference or anything, but I don't understand why a lot of people insists on calling this "a remake of a remake". It's just *another* remake. The fact that a remake already exist, doesn't make this a remake of that remake. That's like saying that Peter Jackson's King Kong is a remake of the '76 King Kong movie, which in turn is a remake of the '33 original. Because it's not. The '76 is a remake of the '33 movie and Jackson's movie is also a remake of the '33 movie. OK, I just had to get that out of my system :-) Going to hammock! See ya tomorrow gang. Here´s the last video for the night. <url>"s just the start of a big zeries remake, good luck @Mike, thanks for the videos great nostalgia also I think Reply games said they has booked Al Lowe into some web interview that will get some more backers but word of month is a big seller as well, let us keep up the good work! @ Joseph, hope so seems to have picked up slightly hopefully 250k - 275k next week, slow and steady. Sweeeeet, pledges are going swimingly. We should be able to hit 200,000 today if we push the word of mouth. Great videos. Al Lowe interview on German television shortly after the release of Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards. It is believed to be the earliest video interview of Al Lowe in existance. Al Lowe said the interview ran much longer then what you see in this video. Don´t forget to activate the subtitles! CC box at the bottom right. <url>’s culture quite nicely). I am sure the kids of today (probably more so than the kids from the late 80s to late 90s) would love Larry; just have to get them involved somehow. <url>"ken sent me * for those people who don't want to be assosiated with larry :P (and make it tser sent me! :P) @ William Sheridan , pretty sure it will go like this if they get this funding "Lsl1 remake first then 2 & 3, 2nd Kickstarter for 4 - Case Of The Missing Floppies/CD/DVD/Blu Ray/ IPOD :), remake 5-7 and a 3rd Kickstarter for 8 - Lust In Space!" i just upped my pledge for comment 500! Keep spreading the word! :3 I agree with everyone and ther desire for a true sequel. Just remember, if we get this remake made, then we can get our sequels as well as other remakes! all the backers who haven't tweeted or "like" for Facebook yet, please do so! Come on, Replay Games! We have to promote this campaign! It's a fantastic project, but needs more disclosure on the Internet. P.S: Portuguese translation for the game (subtitles) :) Hey guys just found this amazing site <url>#No , what this site does it that it makes it possible to install all your old Sierra games via Windows XP/Vista/7 without a hassle busy rocking LSL6 CD talkie version right now, go now!!! PS - Hope the Counter goes up to at least 200k by the end of the Long Long weekend! The number is really raising slower and slower. With this pace, I am afraid we won't make it. I really believe Replay should more focus on promoting this thing. So I am hoping they are planing some marketing campaign perhaps on the weekend. I am sure there are so many people out there, who doesn't know about this campaign. This user's account has been deleted. @Travis it does seem a bit unfounded, but it's some steps better than locking away the license. I'm sure we don't know all the details so it's hard to speculate. But I am glad, as I know you are, that it's enabled for this collaboration. All of this activity from legendary creators and "niche" market video games, has me very excited for the future. In the recent past, it would be safe to conclude that nothing like this would ever happen. Am I the only one disgusted at the fact that Codemasters is making Al Lowe do a remake first to protect the license? I'm one of those who don't like the cartoony graphics (never did, since LSL5), but never would I hold my pledge in ransom or anything so idiotic like that. As for this being a remake, they're supposedly adding a lot of new content -- possibly including new girls, even -- written by Al and Josh, so it's not just an "HD remake" or anything. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. it cant hurt i'm just sick of seeing the same msg over and over again @Robert Tatum , with the 5% KickStarter is earning of these big projects they should add, editor, polls, spam filters, report function, insert videos, etc :) Perhaps KickStarter should create a KickStarter project for site changes! Slow and steady wins the race, still slightly concerned it won't make it but its nearly 40% funded with over 3 weeks to go, so it should make just need to spread the word to all your frequented haunts on the net. Lsl1 remake first then 2 & 3, 2nd Kickstarter for 4 - Case Of The Missing Floppies/CD/DVD/Blu Ray/ IPOD :), remake 5-7 and a 3rd Kickstarter for 8 - Lust In Space! we need a report spam button for the coments Anton Schneider-Michallek is posting the same thing everywhare i go its not cool This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I don't think I've seen any demands or ultimatums, just people saying things they want to see. After all, everyone here has contributed, and I haven't seen anybody threaten to pull their contribution. If this happens at all, I'll definitely be excited for it. "With proper funding and steady sales, the plan after Larry 1 through 7 is to actually make the series’ lost entries. “I still haven’t forgotten about Larry 4 and Larry 8,” said Lowe. “It seems to me there are a lot of new Larrys formed every week these days. There’s no end of source material!”" holy cow I am all ready 500$ in but maybe 1k is in order?! I guess people are eager to contribute because they care about this franchise so much but it does get a little grey when people start bringing up ultimatums! It looks like the art style is going for the Leisure Suit Larry 7 look (and if that's the case the girls are going to look fine!) Also, the quality of animation looks like it's going to be on par with AAA releases like Rayman Origins. This project looks good to me. @apatia: Well said ! Nothing to add ! I have pledged a 115$ and i am looking forward to the game ! apatia: In fairness, we've already enjoyed this story. Three times. This is a remake of a remake of a pseudo-remake. The appeal here is the graphics, and if they aren't appealing then neither is the project, to an extent. I like the new graphics well enough, but this isn't getting the reception that a new Larry game would, obviously, because it does emphasize the superficial. And there's @apatia, stating it much more politely than I ever could. :) I think the updated graphics look amazing. Don't get me wrong, I imagined Larry taller, but I think his character looks great! @Tim Maurer Unless I'm mistaken, I recall that a lot of Sierra voiceovers were done by employees, not professionals. King Graham, for instance. Let me get this straight: some of you pledged and then started to demand that the cartoony Larry, which by the way has been the style of Larry games since Larry 5, should be changed, some of you even threaten to pull your money out if the style stays? Really? Even when you saw what kind of graphics this game is going to have before you even pledged? And seriously, when did playing games, playing Larry games, went from enjoying the story etc to "OMG I SO HATE THESE GRAPHICS SO I WILL NOT SUPPORT THIS!" ? And to those who are still asking "Why would I fund a remake? Shouldn't you do a brand new one?" Read the FAQ. It won't take that much of your time. Compromising on voice talent is one of the worst things you can do. I've played way too many video games with terrible voice acting. @Replay Games Because voice-overs are OMG expensive, as you say, how about instead of asking "cheap ass homeless people", you ask your fans to take part in online auditions under the agreement that their work is to be unpaid? I'm a film maker with a recording studio.. I have unknown talent that would love to take part in something like this, and the best part is, they're normal people with normal cheap ass homeless people jobs. They don't cost a dime. There's a lot of excellent talent out there who would kill to give you their voice, and they're not homeless, either. Just an idea. A lot of people seem concerned about the cartoony Larry. What about dropping "Reloaded" from the title? It's just so overdone. I know this, there'll be a big sigh of relief coming from my mouth if/when this campaign reaches its goal. @Replay Games what exactly is the current status of the project? Do you have anything else (besides outside of Lefty's & initial version of Larry) done? It would be great if you kept updating us with your progress once in a while. I like Cartoonish Larry. I learned english with the adventure games.. Sitting at my chair, flipflopping trough a dictionary :P But something must have gone wrong.. since nowadays they call my english Renglish... :P I just really really hope the current "Larry" is just a placeholder. He looks way too cartoonish. I just upgraded my pledge to 101$ +15$ shipping... im so excited to get my hands on this game, and the bonus material... check out my blog about it. Yes a shameless plug, but isnt that what Leisure Suit Larry is? Shameless? I wouldnt want him to be any other way! Plus I am helping spread this to the Canadian community... Leisure Suit Larry is Back! | GizmoCanada.com <url>`t know why. Shadowrun has already reached it`s 400k. Are pople not interested in this? I'm surprised this project isn't progressing as fast as I thought it would... I don't think making a single post advertising another project is a problem. I posted about this one on the DFA comments, after all. @ Bilbotorm Fully localize all the voice overs in to as many languages as possible. We will start with FIGS (French, Italian, German, Spanish) and then branch out from there. Nathan Simon <url>™ mailing list? Brings back so many memories! I can't wait to play the game in HD! Looking forward to the comeback Al Lowe! This user's account has been deleted. Jane Jensen(AKA Gabriel Knight Jane Jensen) should also be on your list :-) she just started a kickstarter of her own First Tim Schafer, then Brian Fargo and now Al Lowe! If I didn't know any better I'd have thought this was a ploy by my favourite game designers from the 80s to guilt me into giving money for the "unofficial" copies of their games I played as a kid all those years ago :-) Seriously though this is the project I'm most looking forward to out of all of them - not because I'm raring to play Larry 1 again (though its great that some of the content and puzzles look like being new) but hopefully because this will lead to a brand new Larry game and erase the bad taste of those awful awful ones made a few years ago with his "nephew" Oh, I think more content would please me more than many platforms... But to be honest, the most important thing to me is that this project gets done! However possible. @ Replay: If a port to Android is done, PLEASE include Xperia Play optimization. Thank you. I wonder why Al's humor site doesn't have a link to this kickstarter page. +1 to more content... Easter eggs would be awesome. @Replay Games: sorry, then. I didn't say you were lying, I just found it strange that DF didn't mention it directly on their KS page, so I asked for clarifications. I do think this project has great potential, and, as I said before, you have my pledge. But, please -- and this is a suggestion, not a complaint -- make sure that you keep communicating with us. As others suggested, a couple of interviews would be great (the last one by Fargo, for instance, was quite informative). Thanks for all the clarification, @Replay! I just can't wait until you guys hit that goal! +1 for more content also Great news, and +1 for new content first (with additional funding) Doing a great job. You've got a great team, awesome idea and great attitude. Maybe you could talk to an internet marketing consultant to get ideas about how to promote it? Might be a good $1500 - $2000 investment. Anyway, I really hope this comes through. All the best! if every backer tweets this project and click "like" for facebook (if they have any facebook or twitter account), that should be some nice extra publicity for this project. Btw, I just learned that in the US people working at a game studio earn as much or more as the president of many countries. I don´t know if to laugh or cry. What I´m sure is that most of them must do a better job on keeping people happy ;) LOL If I earned $8,000+ a month here where I live, I could own my own block and have a manor... no kidding. Even with half of that... Are you accepting international job applicants? Hehehe. @mike villasuso: seconded! I would like to add, that it might become a culprit to reload an already reloaded game. we'll see. I hope the best. But your point about the veterans is totally legit. Basically it is ok to support youngsters, but in such a famous setting than this, this would look more like 'testing my chances' in a negative way. I don't see it this way, but could understand, that some might would. @Replay Games, One thing I noticed that could help is that I didn´t get the idea that replay games were Sierra veterans, but more like new kids on the block that got Al to get some credibility in order to raise money to remake Larry. Maybe clarifying that on another update/video could bring more people on board. My feelings after watching Al´s video were that he was the mentor but that new blood was going to try their thing with the game... and probably do an ok job at it. But after reading the description of who you really are at the bottom of this page I pledged without a doubt. I prefer veterans of course! Yes, an interview with Al would be great @Reply games, how you are promoting the game is good to know you must remember we are in the dark regarding what you are doing and its good to know that you are getting out there and promoting the game and it is fantastic that you answer directly in the comments section, I guess keep on reading the comments and answering where you see fit to but keep your designs and visions in tact, to many cooks spoil the broth they say. Also get Al Lowe to do web interviews like Brian Fargo has done I.e Question and answer that drives up interest. Good luck! The previous comment was sent too soon while in making. Six months till October... Nice replay from the Replay Games!! Good people cost. - So just to calculate, there are four months until the launch in October. If it is $100k/year on average, it means $25k in four months per person (disregarding other costs). That means, the team should be around 20 full time positions for that duration (or more part time positions). @Replay Thanks for the response people cost a lot of money. With quality workers = quality game :-) "the rent's too damn high". Just upped my pledge.....the LSL series includes some of the best games of all time. I can forget an entire game I played less than a year ago, but I'll always remember some of the classic scenes in LSL. Gamespygeek, about that beta testing. In my opinion the beta testers that commit to feedback should be given a free game for their efforts. They should not have to pay just to beta test. And alpha testing is something you should usually do in-house using with paid personel. @Odd Ball: it's not "negativity"; negativity would be saying stuff like "Larry sucks" or "who'd ever want another Larry game". I love the LSL games (especially 1-3), and I pledged $115, so I'm not a "hater". But one doesn't have to agree with all decisions; constructive criticism is a good thing. I, like AvidGamer, have my doubts about the requested money; the "Oh, Double Fine was just going to do a 30-minute IOS game with $300K" thing was never said by DF themselves, and if it was true, then it makes DF (to which I pledged as well) deceptive, as they never mentioned such a thing in their own KS, and the implication was that we'd get something at least as big as Day of the Tentacle. I also don't like this art style; in LSL1 everything looked gritty, but here it's like a psychadelic cartoon. Suggesting they revise the art style is not "being negative". And I won't withdraw my pledge if they don't; it's just a suggestion. Or are you like those (terrible) managers who accuse employees who warn of potential problems in a project (and suggest changes / solutions) of being "troublemakers", as if problems didn't exist as long as nobody mentioned them? :) Wish i had the time, i play alot of games, mainly old ps1 games, and indie stuff on the pc, really want to sink my teeth into full throttle but i'm busy building a game that is cross between portal, stanlys parable and bastion. @ Alex, you need to play the games, Lsl7 & Lsl6 (cd version) will start you off nicely before you can tackle the good old classics in Lsl1, 2, 3 and 5 :( amount has not changed much in the last couple of hours, will try spread the world when I get home from work but Replay games need to be proactive so they can draw in some more backers. Alex: My point exactly, as I had researched the Unity costs before posting, and read the EULA. And surely a game studio already has Photoshop licences etc. And just like you, I naturally want the finished game to be as good as possible. i don't see any problem with there funding, people have to be paid for 6-12 months work right? and it's nice they are giving to charity, alot of the other kick starter campaigns haven't i just hope it get's it's funding. I've never played the old LSL games so that should be an interesting experience click on the licencing tabs it gives more details, for the sort of sound they want they will need the pro pack it's not much granted it just depends how many people need it, if it was a team of 3 it would be 4,500 + an extra 1,500 for if they was doing it mobile x 3 ect. yeh in the grand scale of things it's peanuts, but it's still a cost. then i don't know there photoshop paintpro licenses ect, games are expensive. I just hope the finish product will be a well polished one and worth my money. $75 to be a beta tester? Ummm...yes. I have no idea how much they pay their people, but somebody has to manage all those beta testers, input the bugs, keep track of them, collect input, ideas, etc. Maybe if you had like 10 beta testers you could manage that but when Diablo III opened up their game to beta testing they disclosed that they had a team of twenty (20) people managing that process. Granted it's bigger than LSL but I think it's obvious that it costs money to open up a beta program and in this case, it's probably not in their best interests. Gamespygeek: Good information, the LSL licensing fee. That is the kind of information we should see in an update or the FAQ. I understand that they are not telling the sum but why not be open about it for us, the backers. Alex: No offence taken. But you can see the licence prices in their store, It costs peanuts. Is there more to it that is not shown? No need to hate, i just hope, this game and the double fine one and the Spriter tool bring in a new wave a great 2D games, And maybe relaunch the action adventure genre. Good luck guys @I develop on unity so i should know, yeah it's pretty cheap but you still have to pay for developer accounts, you can make games on the free version but you can't distribute them, get your facts right before lecturing someone please. I went to their website and sent an email through the contact us page and asked how much it cost to get LSL away from the big publishers they couldnt tell me cause it was confidential but they did say it cost more than the $500k they're asking for but they have 12 months to pay it back so they hope they sell more than $1mm worth of sales to make up for it cause it's a huge huge gamble for them. LSL FTW!!! Alex: From Unity FAQ "No, Unity does not charge on a per title basis and you do not pay royalties or pay revenue share! Even for games and applications made with the free version!" @Joseph Pantaleo Couldn't have said it better myself. hopefully this remake will revive the series and make enough profit to fund new sequels on its own. I'm looking foward to this game, got to love quality 2D art games :-) Thanks Joseph! According to the FAQ, Replay Games will add more rooms *if they exceed the funding goal*. I was speaking of the goal amount and the things we get with it. In the FAQ they also state that porting to other platforms may be preferred instead of new content if they get more money. @ Pedro, no Gamespygeek is correct if you don't want to support then don't but if have concerns voice it at Replay games and/or Al Lowes website, negativity is not needed on here as we are trying to get as many backers as we can...Gamers Game Fanboys Hate Also it costs quite a bit to licence a game on unity Avid; the F.A.Q. and pitch video already addresses some of your concerns, but let me help talk things though as we wait for the next update... - The F.A.Q. and pitch video clearly hint towards updating the humour and expanding the game with more girls and more rooms. Obviously details are still patchy this early into the project but it's still more information we received about the Double Fine Adventure at the same stage. Also, the Double Fine Adventure game also had no tangible rewards below $100. - The artistic style of the game is pretty much going to be similar to the last Larry instalment, Leisure Suit Larry 7: Love for Sail. I imagine the $500,000 goal accounts for the high quality animation and the voice acting, which was not calculated into the Double Fine project goal. - In fact, Double Fine's $400,000 project goal was originally intended for creating a 30 minute LucasArts style adventure game in the Scumm engine. This new Larry game is being made in a modern game engine with full animation and a much longer play length. I understand your hesitation and I hope my points have helped ease your mind. I'm someone who's equally sceptical about most things but even I can see this is a high quality product being pitched and the potential to revive the series to fund a new Larry game is very enticing. Actually, AvidGamer makes some valid points. Gamespygeek: if you disagree with him, say where he's wrong, instead of just telling him to shut him up. Constructive criticism helps; trying to silence it, doesn't. Hey AvidGamer, if you don't want to buy the project, don't freakin buy it. If all you did was contribute the least amount possible so you can rant and rave then do us all a favor and STFU. This isn't a platform for you to get up on your soapbox and ****. I am a huge fan of the series, and own each of the games that are currently in a D-Fend Reloaded/DOSBox . It is also good to see that Al Lowe is onboard. Moreover, the prospects of the adventure game genre are beginning to seem great at the moment! But still, I am somewhat troubled by this Kickstarter. - First, there are no physical rewards below $100. Second, you have to pay $75 just to be a game tester. That is a paid profession, but usually the money goes the other way around. I would have understood that tier if there were some content available too. - Third, this is a re-remake, not an original game. The solutions to the puzzles are already known so the game is mostly a retro trip. However, the re-remake might not even be faithful to the original as Replay Games is not willing to tell us if there will be any censorship in the new game compared to the original. - Fourth, the artistic style of the characters shown on the Kickstarter is not what I would like to see from the early incarnations of the series - and does not certainly take a whole lot of time to make. - Finally, despite the FAQ, I just cannot see how it takes so much money to make. Since they have the background story and basic visual setting already designed, they just have to update the content. What is more, they are using Unity engine (free/cheap), and hence, do not have to make an engine. It has an array of tools making development very productive and cost-effective. Point-and-click scripting is perhaps the easiest kind of programming there is. - Thus, most of the money should go to graphics and sounds. Compared to the times of the original game, the productivity boosts of modern day tools for animation and sound effects are *mindboggling*. Making 2D character animation with things like skeletoning and morphing is so fast and fluid after you have the initial looks for done. Especially, when they already have a low-res model of what they must do! There are perhaps just some tens of 2D background arts and an array of animations to make. - With my calculus and taking the short project duration into account, the price tag just does not add up even when you factor in pension plans and other overheads, unless the artists are not competent, or there are too many people on board, or if the staff is not receiving unreasonable amounts of payment. If Mr. Lowe is behind in you've got me backing it. This is amazing--thank you guys for doing this! I was sold the second I heard about it. One question-- are you guys planning to offer any of the background art from the game as rewards? That would be very cool... From the LSL2 manual, how Larry originally looked: <url>"making of" weekly blogging or Lefty´s napkins would make this really enticing. People want something tangible when they pledge in kickstarter as the LSL condom and the box are, and of course it adds to the costs but here´s an excerpt from double fine that actually says how it was for them: "Each time we prepared to add a new reward we ran the numbers to see how much it would cost to offer the new reward to existing backers. For each new reward, that amount was covered within hours of adding the item to the project, so this amount paid for itself and then some by enticing more of you lovely backers to sign up." Still hoping for an official comment on the art direction and voice acting. Don't worry guys, slow and steady wins the race as they say. I'll be sharing this with as many people online I can. Kicking it forward!!! OK, Thank you Tommy! linux please! I concur with Odd Ball.. The rewards for backing <$100 are pretty weak. Shadowrun remake is already on 220k, 70k more than this project but started 2 days later, Replay games must not panic but come up with new updates to get the funding to 500k, might be tough though, it can be done but just a little worried it won't! Okay, here is some money, but after this you guys need to gobble up those Space Quest rights and get Josh Mandel working on a sequel! As much as I loved the Larry games I'd sell the shirt off my back to fund a Space Quest sequel. ;) Never played any LSL games. This seems like as good a time as any to back a remake just so I can try it! I'm glad they left translation for last option. I hope even that they leave translation until after they are done the the other platforms first. Larry got me to learn English 25 years ago, with this rebirth of the game, maybe some other kid can have a good incentive to learn English as well, before accepting things lost in translation and a free education. This user's account has been deleted. Oh, just saw, it was to be named "Leisure Suit Larry 8: Lust in Space", but PLZ stick with the handpainted 2D cartoon style graphics, I just loved those! Yeah, what about LSL8 - Larry goes to Uranus that was teased at the end of LSL7's credits? I'd double or even triple my pledge for a true sequel! I agree, 2D is definetly the way Larry should go. And I agree with Nathan, Larry's voice in the video isn't too inviting ;) I liked voice acting in LSL7 though! I definately would not want to see Larry in 3D, especially after seeing all those digusting recent LSL games. I like the current design since it sticks with the character development since LSL5 towards LSL7, though I admit that Lefty's looks a bit too colorful and clean :) I almost didn't contribute, once I heard Larry go, "What's your sign?" all honest-sounding and not sounding like a come-on. :P But the rest of the video won my heart, Al-- good luck to you and Replay, here's hoping you make the goal. Are you considering translations to other languajes? Wich ones? Excellent work Tomi, though I think we should leave Larry in 2D. I remember of my disappointment of GK3 (not the story but the 3D look) when I had indeed loved GK2. White card guys but don't forget the cheevos ! Great idea! Coming up. Maybe you guys like this as well. I did this little 3D scene some time ago (link goes to my DeviantArt gallery): <url>"Where's ****?" I miss that little guy! Guys, I was so inspired by this new Kickstarter wave that I made a simple comic strip for Al: <url>´ll enjoy it. Tomi, I looked at the screenshots. Nice animation style art, just as you wrote. First two Broken Sword game got a nice, animation style art. The later went to 3D (with bad results IMO). <url>"who frame roger rabbit". @Naikel Aparicio: Yeah, my mistake about the engine. Going to ask Replay Games about the costs for next LSL remakes, hope they will clarify this. If it were not for the non-violent/funny puzzle based adventure game combined with my parents' questionable choice to answer the "age protection" questions about Nixon to unlock the pixelated boobs, I might not be the nerd I am today. Can't wait to see the original remade - those recent sequels on console were abominations of the series. They are not making a new engine, they're using Unity, and it's free Pretty sure other LSL remakes will not require 500k funding. The engine they are making for this one can be used for all remakes (& for a possible new LSL title), so the costs will be much lower. $25 down. Good to know you're still around telling jokes and owing everybody Al :) I'm just playing devil's advocate here.. I'm 100% behind a Sierra revival. I love Al, Roberta, the Two Guys from Andromeda, and the rest with all my soul. I grew up with Sierra games, and it was a sad time while it slowly ended. I've been thinking about this for the last few days.. And this Kickstarter just isn't clicking with me. I'm absolutely excited about Al Lowe getting a chance to get back behind the series that he created and has been destroyed in his absence, but Replay is also an untested and unproven studio. The rewards for any tier below $100 are all digital items, and they're asking for $500,000 to remake an already developed and finished game, something that has been done with King's Quest I & II, and Quest for Glory II for free. To put things into perspective, Double Fine was asking for $300,000 to make an entirely new adventure game from scratch. I mean, are they going to ask for half a million dollars each time they want to remake a different Larry game? I just don't see this working out in the long term. Why not take a poll and see which games people would be interested in seeing again, if we're not going to see a brand new Larry adventure? Don't get me wrong, I'm very, very excited for this game. I'm more excited about this new adventure game renaissance period we appear to be entering. I wish Al and the rest of these folks the best. I joined this site just to back this game LOVE the LSL games. I wish I could have donated more, meeting Al Lowe would be AMAZING!!! Can not wait to beta! Please don't forget the Linux version! I put in 75$ I can't wait to start Beta testing! I loved these games... I also posted about it on my wildly popular blog site GizmoCanada.com here is the link. <url>"broke" is definitely the answer! But I look at it this way: I haven't spent much on games for years, so I'm really only making up for lost time by supporting this recent flurry (and especially ones that will run on Linux). :) Tad bit worried this won't be successful with Shadowrun just popping up as well and who knows what's going to come up in the next fee weeks on KickStarter......or I guess I am just going to be broke! When Al Lowe asks, you don't say no. :) Good luck to the ex-Sierra guys and everyone at Replay in Austin. I'm in for $25, at least. And another 2 cents: please don't make the cartoony content -too- wacky. I like my Larry games grounded in loser reality a little at least. Also I'd kinda like to see the score displayed on the screen the whole time! Ah, nostalgia. Gotta get that perfect game score. Personally I've always preferred cartoony look of Larry over the "realistic look". I've always felt that cartoon look fitst better on the humor of the games. I love LSL games and with Al Lowe behind this project I can only support it. I would back a full remake of all LSL games and new ones. There is no game out there like a Larry game. Somebody outhere missing Shadowrun too? I like KickStarter more and more. <url>`s remake of LSL 1? Just klick manage your pledeg button and enter a new amount. After all is said and done you will be only billed the amount you have in the pledge. Oh, by the way ... do name the game LSL 4 !!!! How can I increase my pledge ? It seems it is impossible without opening a 2nd amazon account If this project gains momentum, I'm really curious to see what they do with LSL5. That game is such a mess; I can't see how you'd remake it. It'd be as much work as designing a new game. Honestly this project got into 150k much faster than i thought it would. Now that the initial zest of Larry's return has passed the pace will be much slower, spiking on new updates and anouncements. I love the nerdy voice and the cartoony look, it's just like he was in Love For Sail! I agree, i'm not a fan of the big cartoony graphics, or the squeaky nerd voice. I know Larry is supposed to be a bit of a loser, but in the original EGA version I thought he looked cooler (ok he looked like something out of a Dire Straights video). I think if he looked slightly cool, but not quite cool enough to impress the women he's going after, it would suit the humour better. Rather than just looking and sounding like an annoying loser, there's no connection with the character. He becomes irritating. That's my 2 cents :D This user's account has been deleted. I need to boot up my Apple ][+ and start playing Soft Porn again. Need to compare the old with the new! -) TQQdles™, Dolnor Numbwit Eternal Newbie P.s. Can't wait to start apha/beta testing the game! -) A new true Larry laffer game would be a so wonderful thing ^^ !!! My favorite was the 7, but I am very excited by this project! Please let this project become a reality!! Traslante in italian withs subs please @Karsten Koller This is normal for a Kickstarter project. Donations tend to start strong, ease off, spike whenever there's an announcement of new content and increase again 1-2 days before the end. I really don't think there's a reason to worry at that point. $150+k in 2 days is more than a decent pace. :) Yeah, yesterday the number changed evertime I refreshed the page, not so today. And I am really afraid that it will be even slower tomorrow. We only need 100,000 every week, but we have to wait and see, if we can make it. Let's hope there are some rich guys, who are Larry fans and can pledge 10,000. @ Karsten You noticed the drop too? Compared to yesterday this going really slow, about 1,5k per hour. I really hope we make it. @Ben: I know what you mean. I'm thinkin (the most important part =), how are the women going to look in this game? Too cartoonish? I hope not. I mean, Larry 6 was a dream come true for a teenager... Ahhh nostalgia! I remember playing this when I was about 7 and asking my parents what a condom was. I miss you Sierra! Can people who are familiar with Kickstarter, let me know, if the 150,000 is good for now or is there normally a really rapid drop in the raise after the first 2 days? Do you think we will make the goal? ups, I of course meant to write "you should experiment with designing these characters with a greater variety of soft and straight shapes." Typical me to read through my comments after it is posted.. @Strange Attractor - this fund is for a remake of the 1st game. I played Larry back in the days, and I pledged 5$ based solely on nostalgia and wanting to keep supporting this Kickstarter trend . I was not sold at all on the sneak peeks of the design. Which is the reason why I did not go for the 15$ that would actually give me this game. I'm not really that interested in playing this if the end product will look like that. I have nothing against the decision of making it cartoony, that is just fine, but the character design of Larry and that dog is just too generic and too "wobbly" and soft. You should experience with designing these characters with a greater variety of soft and straight shapes. My opinion is that character design with just soft shapes mostly end up with a generic amateurish look or end up appealing mostly to little children. Anyway, if there will be future sneak peeks that shows improved design I will gladly increase my pledge. @Jonas: no, season 2 has the same interface as the first (mouse only). It changed in season 3, becoming similar to Tales of Monkey Island (with "mouse drag", or a controller / keys). I'd like some clarification. Do the rewards include the remakes of all of the existing Leisure Suit Larry adventure games? (That is, numbers 1 through 7, excluding number 4 which was never made.) Or is it just for the first one? I read through the project description, and wasn't sure. In some places it seems like they're just talking about one game, in others it says they will be doing all of them. Also, I am quite happy that the DRM-free versions will be available, and that the soundtrack will be available. I would like to see a Linux-version. @Tomi Taipaleenmäki: Kenneth is right, it was planned and it was cancelled: <url>"done" or asking "Why on Earth would anybody want to bring that back?" Unfortunately, it seems like the general perception of Leisure Suit Larry among people who never played the original games is that it's some crappy series of games that existed only so kids could look at pixel boobs. It doesn't help that the image of LSL to a lot of people is the two recent games using that title. There's no separation between the adventure games and whatever the hell those were for most people. Need to Kickstart a Leisure Suit Larry 4. Could have so much fun making a game that was cancelled. man i played the one on the cruise ship wen i was a kid and apparently that was one of the lesser ones so i am existed to finally play the fist one the way its ment to be played Pledged ... any chance of getting the game on to XBLA :) On VentureBeat, they said "The actual developer will be Adventure Mob, a Tel Aviv-based game studio..." What do they mean by "the actual developer?" I'm curious because Adventure Mob is only briefly mentioned on this Kickstarter page (actually, the only time it seems to appear is in the link to their website in the lower right). Also agreed with Andrzej. Lefty's looks WAY too nice; in the original, it was seedy, dirty, and cheap-looking. Here is the Language Survey wich was made by Stoic (The Banner Saga) <url>#2. Although, 7 was the most refined and polished in terms of look, controls and PEGGY! Another nice touch was to be able to add pictures and audio to the game. How about some sheet music for us musician types to play along with? I'd kick in another Andy or two for some tabs :) I think it would be cool, if in all the remakes the "Where is..." running gag from Larry 7 could be implented. And if you found them all, you get a extended ending or so. Don't know if I can say here, what you had to search. :-) Two words: JAN. RABSON. OMAIGAWD this is so awesome. I know a lot of gamers who played Larry's games like playing poker blackjack etc. so I only ask you to put a help button when we playing this into-game to win money. Because it's not what I like the most on this games. I think larry should look a lot more like Steve Carell (like in the 40 year old virgin). No need for the big cartoon head ...its not "who frame roger rabbit". Well you can put in Jessica rabbit though lol. :) I have to agree with the past few comments; I liked the Larry in the first few games better. Honestly, I really disliked 5 and thus have always taken the series as a trilogy, though that might not be fair to 6 and 7, which I've never played. @ Replay Games CAPS !!!!!! I agree, I don't like Cartoon Larry at all. Also, I may be remembering things wrong, but isn't LSL3 the last time Larry actually had sex in a game (as opposed to just being in extremely embarrassing situations with women)? For instance, in LSL3, after Larry goes to the spa and exercises, Patti comments on how good he's looking. Can you imagine that with cartoonish Larry, with his idiotic smile and his HUGE head? I can't. I am also in the camp that doesn't like the more "cartoony" look of Larry. I grew up on the original trilogy and have always preferred that look. That said, any good Larry game (those under the guidance of Al) is worth plopping down some cash. I may be in the minority here (and after all Al himself made the change with LSL5, and kept it for the VGA remake of 1), but I much prefer the mostly realistic-looking Larry from 1-3, instead of the ridiculously cartoonish Larry of later games (and, apparently, this remake as well). The original Larry was a loser, yes, but one could almost identify with him and his troubles, while the cartoonish one, with his huge head... not only can't we identify with him (too ridiculous), but how could any woman EVER be interested in him? Still, I pledged; the Larry games were a big part of my teenage years. :) Seeing how fast the # of backers is going up I'm not in the slightest worried about this project's success. Keeping my fingers crossed! @Pascal Thanks!!!Got confused when loads of people where saying they coulnt wait for L1-7 @paintinggrey If you´re a backer here than it´s "only" for the re-remake of LSL1. They have plans for the rest of the series and even for new games. But it all depends - more or less - on the success of this inital kickstarter project. Guys, can someone answer me this, i am a bit confused!!!!Are the remaking just L1 or L1-7? If they are remaking L1-7 is the $500,000 for remaking the whole lot? Thanks! This game caused my intrested into computers.... sutch memory's i gladly support the project wish i could do more though. Looking forward for remakes of 1-7 Larry with up-to-date graphics and sound, I can settle with that. If an entirely new game comes to light, eventually, that would be a great bonus. I'll back every project on this series. I haven't played these games for ages but I can say that back in the day I preferred the old typing interface to the point and click of the latest ones. These old games helped me improve my English, I recall sitting there with a dictionary, looking for the right English words or the Spanish translation... Wow No High Scores seems convinced that this project will fall short. Then again You have generated almost 100k more since he last looked. Wish I had $50 000 :( This user's account has been deleted. We don´t know who has the rights to Gabriel Knight franchise! +1 for this: Well somebody contact Jane Jensen and tell her we want another Gabriel Knight game too! :) Upped to the limited edition. Thanks again Al Lowe and all Replay Games team. booo no gabriel knight!!!!! "She was keeping the secret" -> YES "so well!!!" -> not really ;-) it´s all in the source code ;-) ahahaha man! Jane will be upset!! She was keeping the secret so well!!! Nice find! Glad to see you back Al! And it's good to see someone else had my idea that actually has the money to do it. Go for it guys! @Marcio Ahhh gotcha!!! @Marcio: <url>´m following Jane at her Facebook, but she said nothing about it! Only about the countdown, and that something its coming tomorrow! How does @pascal knows about it? I hope its not true, because i really really wanted to be GK4. When I backed the Double Fine Adventure I said we needed to find Al Lowe for a game. I couldn't be more pleased to see him trying to make a comeback, let's get Roberta Williams or Lori Ann Cole next. I luckily have all the previous titles on cd (the collection) but not the 7. Also some trans-lady in bar would be fun :D Also +++++ for linux version. Al: I read your comments about platform support. Times have changed recently. I almost think given the kind of game LSL is, you might take a cue from Angry Birds and write this in a platform independent way. Quite a bit of this might convincingly enough be written in HTML5. Maybe from there it's a matter of wrapping it for every device out there. :-) @Marcio <url>´s not too much in a short time.) I don't know if it's been said, but it would be great if you'd be able to add a "classic" mode where one could play in EGA, CGA, Herc, or whatever mode they want. Oh the phosphors of days gone by... Mr. Lowe, you contributed to some of the best times of my life along with a lot of sore abs from endless laughing. YES, I would love to see a worthy sequel crafted by your capable hands! I would love to see this hand-drawn art in native 1080p resolution while hearing the soundtrack and voices in bluray-quality audio on my PS3. Are there any plans to self-publish on PSN like so many other indie studios are doing? Also, since you don't have to worry about Walmart, maybe some non-stereotypical gay/trans characters can be introduced. There's plenty of comedy potential in Larry being turned down by gay men and trans women! Will the original games be included as a bonus? Plenty of folks have embedded scummvm for 'emulation' purposes! It would be awesome to use Siri on iPhone/iPad to "type". Switching to/from the original graphics/sound was one of the best parts of the Monkey Island Special Edition releases. I agree with some of the other commenters -- I never really cared for the overly cartoony look. If it's not dialled back, I at least hope the animation assets are 1080p native and are 30fps (like Critter Crunch and other games). @ Maniac Razor what's the name of the project that the Lucasarts people are working on? I would be interested in funding... It's a shame all those people that struggled with the original's adult filter didn't know back then that pressing CTRL-ALT-X bypassed the filter entirely, letting you in the game :p +1 for new game content (new rooms, new girls, new puzzles etc.) after reaching initial goal The idea of extended version of LSL 1 with integrated new content is awesome! I wish the graphic design of the game would have a more original LSL1-2-3 feel to it. I never really liked the cartoonish style that was introduced with the LSL5... Anyways, I pledged 15$, Go for it, Al & Co! =) As soon as I read Al Lowe was on-board I knew I had to back the project!! I've got great memories of playing the original!! I really miss point and click adventures games with humour. First a kickstarter project from the Legends who made Maniac Mansion, DOTT, and now a remake of a classic Sierra game! Wow! Wow! Wow! To think I only just re read a critical Amazon review of the Box office Bust game yesterday that I'd made a few years ago asking for Larry to be put back in the hands of people who cared! I am stoked, can't wait for this!!! (But I guess I'm going to have too... ho hum) +1 for Linux here as well :D Oh, forgot to put in my previous post: +1 for Linux version here too, but Al already knows very well about my Linux-'inclination'. Now if only someone could kickstart the construction on my apartment... Al????? I just found out about this maybe 15 minutes ago, and cannot believe it! THE ONE AND ONLY AL M-FREAKIN' LOWE is back in the game business! My dad is a HUGE fan, and i had the benefit of watching him play all of the episodes on our original DOS PC back in the day. i still have all of the Disks for each game, and my dad has kept his comprehensive walk-through for one of the jungle sections (i forget which episode). i think if this game takes off, my dad and myself would be very happy. i would like to add that the copy protection back then was ingenious! only adults would know the answers, but at a young age, after watching my dad play, i kept guessing the answers (still get most of them wrong now). i hope the box is reminiscent of the Shape In or Ship Out box - that box was HUGE! maybe some of the extras can include old-school floppies of the older games, in case backers have lost their copies. i did not see a option for "PDF versions of the OLD manuals for the previous games". I just hope mine's are not faded or moldy in storage. I am surprised reading the FAQ that Linux has more support than Mac. Maybe Linux users are more vocal? I really hope there is a Mac version. Long ago, when my dad bought his first pc from a friend at the company he was working at, the (very small) HDD of that pc contained (amongst other things) LSL1. Took me some time to figure out the right responses to the age-quiz, since a) I'm not a US citizen and b) I was still small back then, so my English wasn't as good as it is now and I certainly didn't know the answer to any of those questions . LSL1 probably contributed in me learning English. Never needed a hintbook for LSL1, figured out max points all by myself. Naturally bought the original remake of LSL1 and every other LSL-game (bar #4). To completely exonerate myself for me playing the original LSL1 pirated I have now pledged... 1,015 USD! :-) tinapple: 500k is not steep for making any kind of a game. Hire 10 people for 10 months and you've already spent all of that money. Just supported the good cause. :) Exactly! :D All 7? I guess that includes Larry 4? :p Would love to see remade all 7 and a new game... got my backing. Miss all the old classic Sierra games... lot's of fond memories from childhood. I still play them on dosbox once in awhile. Great to see this doing so well! Plus there will be extra content ! And let's not forget, that both Kickstarter and Amazon take their own share of the pledged money, which is around 10% I believe. @Chris Canavan: It's not just an audio and art update to an old game. They are doing a new engine from scratch (for use in all Leisure Suit Larry 1-7 remakes, I suppose) & fully voiced characters. I also think a rough breakdown of the costs would be very relevant to potential backers. As things stand 500k seems a bit steep. Great news , we grow up with Larry and we want him back !!!! We are all gonna help with anything we can :) I'm sure the goal of $500,000 will be reached @Chris Canavan: Why should they write anything in the FAQs that is not true, especially the part with Doublefine ?! i am not a software developer. i cannot tell you how many people are working on a project. How much cash goes to salaries, transfer to diffrent platforms, sounds, etc, etc. But i know that i loved the game and that's why i support this remake and pledging alot more cash than what i would have paid 1987 for the game (If i wouldn't have used a pirated version those days. Sy Al ! ) @Chris Canavan: The original 400000 sum for DF really was for a samller scale game with no voice acting or even original music. 100000 of the sum was meant for the documentary of the making of process. After the DF funding exploded they started promising more content, voice acting and original music. The whole 'remake' thing doesn't really bother me - it's easy to forget that there's an entire generation out there that has never played this game before, but is 'of age' and packing tablets and mobiles galore. And as an old-school fan, I enjoy supporting an old friend and seeing what new wrinkles they come up with in the design. I hope this leads to a new game, but even if it doesn't, $15 is a small price for a big group hug from a great era of adventure gaming. This user's account has been deleted. @Stephen Haberman: Also pledging Grimm Fairy Tale allready. looks also great. I personally think as well, that we should use the comments on certain projects to advertise for other kickstarter projects. Because the LSL Project i have found because someone on the Wasteland to comments mentioned it. Sometimes i have a look in the backed projects list on several users to see what they are pledging (I think it's also a good way to hear about new projects) Because if i search via the Kickstarter page (Discover great projects) and than select Games-Videogames it only shows some projects but not all of em. maybe i do something wrong but i only see a couple of projects and then allready the funded ones... I am seriously wondering about what you state in your FAQ. First, I don't believe the doublefine adventure started out as being "just for ios and a 3 person team" - and their 400k initial was not for a remake, but a whole new game. 500k seems like a lot for a 15 room game art update that has already been done. You bought the rights but they require you to make a remake first to "prove yourself." Correct us here - owning the rights doesn't mean you can do what you want with the license? Where as 500k would be justified for a "new" larry game. Granted, you already began development before you VC backed out and said "it would tarnish our image?" Something doesn't seem to add up here. My guess: Doublefine just make over a million, we can pretty easily get Al on board with a half million dollar KS to essentially do an audio and art update to an old game. This is great. I appreciate a "no watered down" approach. I found an awesome animated series doing the same thing! - <url>" The problem is, Codemasters, the publisher that owns the rights to Leisure Suit Larry and sold them to us wants to see what we can do with the game first. They said if we do a good job at a re-make then we'll have total freedom to do what we want on the next game" So... did the publisher sell those rights to you or didn't they? why do they have any say in how you make the game if they sold you the rights? Isn't getting money for games through kickstarter so you have total freedom and don't have to suck up to "the man" the point of kickstarter projects? did they only sell rights to old games and why did you accept such a thing? why didn't you buy out the right to a new game instead (I don't know, maybe the rights for old games were 5 bucks and for the new one 5000000. if so I could understand). I backed this but I would give much more for a new game. Imagine if you don't reach your goal (I really hope you do) and some decision genius says "oh well it shows that larry isn't so popular so we won't make it". If you had put new larry game project and put 2 000 000 dollar goal I think you would be pretty close to it by now. And pretty please don't decide to do ALL 6 games remade this way before making a new one... the interest will fade however great this remakes might be. All this said, this still is the best adventure game related news I heard in a loooong time. I wish you all the best and know that if Al will be involved in this then the quality won't be an issue. OMG - I just now "GET" the title, LOL - #hidesheadinhands - Talk about being slow! :P Glad to see Al is back and if this works out well I hope all could start another kick starter to make something original ^_________^ This user's account has been deleted. I would love to replay Larry, I learned English playing the original at 6-7 years old with a dictionary next to me. I have a lot to be thankful to Al Lowe for. So here is a pledge and a hope that the big guy will be able to make it to my Mac soon. This is amazing. I really hope Larry can rise from the ashes. "Let me be another voice for a cross platform release (looking for a Linux version). Personally, I like to think that part of the reason these Kickstarter games have been so successful so far is because those of us who are looking for DRM free cross platform games have few outlets for our money." In the words of Daniel Bryan... YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YEEEEEEEEEEEEES!! @Dr.Maestro: np, you're very welcome ! :-) What will the maturity level of the new re-remake be in comparison to the original? Censorship? - Based on the pitch video, they want to operate without tight guidance from the publisher, but since they are aiming to be selling the finished game on several platforms, it will have conform to certain ratings for suitability. Who knows what that is? @Anton Schneider-Michallek: I just saw the newest additions to the F.A.Q. Thanks for the tip. @balder I'd rather see them put that 5% profit into a Space Quest 7 or a Leisure Suit Larry 4/8. Al Lowe, i think you should create a Facebook account, like Jane Jensen did.. It's a very cool way to stay in touch with the fans!!! @Dr.Maestro: if you read the FAQs on the Project home. You will find most of the common questions answered, i.e. why they want/have to make a remake first. The FAQs made me even more to pledge for the project. This is awesome!! I hope everyone who loved the classic Sierra adventures will support this noble cause!!! Lets all spread the word!! Go team! I really think you should join kicking it forward. That negates any criticism that might be put forward regarding big projects taking all the money on kickstarter. (I know this is not the case as demonstrated by the kickstarter blog but kicking it forward does make the ecosystem that much more viable.) Looking forward to the end product! It is nice to see a rebooting of the Larry Series, however there are a few concerns. As some of you know, this is not a remake, but a re-remake (an older remake of LSL 1 exists). As such, it will generate less interest than a brand new one would.Maybe Mr. Lowe is trying to determine if there still is enough interest in the franchise to create further additions. I am sure that the goals in this Kickstarter will be met, but they may be substantially lower than a new addition would attract. Also, if this Kickstarter is successful, they are planning to remake the other ones (LSL 2,3,5,etc) and I am not sure if people will continue to support all of them. Let's not forget that this is an adventure game, and the most important part of an adventure game is to solve puzzles. People who played the old games will know all the solutions and would not really enjoy remakes. As such, this Kickstarter sould be considered as a proof of concept and a way to introduce new gamers to the franchise, but further ones should be about new additions, not remakes (I assume that part of the success of Double Fine Adventure's and Wasteland 2's Kickstarter campaigns is due to the fact that they are creating new games). This was one of the first computer games I played! I loved it! Sean: Remember that documentaries and boxes and all such things cost money to make and ship. Over a milion dollars of the three million collected for the DoubleFine Adventure went straight to the extras and doc. +1 for Linux. In for $15 for now since you've promised DRM-free. :) If you add a definite target-goal for Linux support, I'll up my pledge. I'll also quote @Guises, because I share these sentiments strongly: - "Let me be another voice for a cross platform release (looking for a Linux version). Personally, I like to think that part of the reason these Kickstarter games have been so successful so far is because those of us who are looking for DRM free cross platform games have few outlets for our money." Yeah !! I hope that project will come true ! Just backed the project. Only a couple days ago, I found myself a boxed copy of the 3rd game and played it over the weekend :) Would like to see this happen. I'm proud to be a backer, and I'm stoked that LSL could return in all its glory. (I'd also back a Freddy Pharkas: Frontier Pharmacist remake, but I'm sure the chances of seeing that one happen are pretty slim right now.) I don't need a lot of explanation to get behind this; I'll happily support Al Lowe and Josh Mandel returning to the series and recreating it in a 25th anniversary remake. . With that said, the reward tiers aren't persuading me to pledge the larger amounts I kicked in to Wasteland 2 and Double Fine Adventure. In both of those cases, a brand new game is being created. In this case, we're getting a remake of a classic game. I feel like the reward tiers are a little on the stingy side, especially given that at the $50 level, Wasteland 2 is giving out a boxed copy of the game, while Double Fine is giving out full access to a documentary about how the game is being made at the $15 level. . Might I suggest extending beta access to the $50 backers, and perhaps offering some other exclusives to the $15 and $25 levels, like some exclusive "making of" videos or something like that? Leave the alpha input for the $75; those folks deserve to be a part of the design process at that level. But if you offer beta access to the $50 tier, you'll likely get people like myself (who want to contribute more, but who just aren't enticed by the meager rewards) to chip in more. . As a cautionary tale for other adventure game developers who start a kickstarter - remember that your backers are not giving you money to make a game or receiving their money back if you succeed; they're essentially pre-buying your game and trusting your vision and expertise to make the experience awesome. Be generous, and make it worth their while to be bigger supporters of the project! It'd be a shame if another kickstarter in this vein wound up failing because the developers didn't take the time to think through all of the possibilities that digital distribution of content allows! Just made my pledge! Lets make it happen everyone! Inappropriatly LSL was one of the first games I got really into on pc and was made me fall in love with the adventure game genre. I was so happy when Love For Sail got released and was very much looking forward to "Lust In Space", but then the adventure genre just kinda died out. I hope this and Double Fines game, will show that there still is a market for these games. Larry 8 (or 4 :)) is more preferable... still... I must confess I've played pirate version of LSL1 :(.. It was very fun, but I had not any way to buy game in legit way then. I'm sorry... and now pay for it. Hope, it will get funding We need New Larry's!!! Please!!! Al Lowe thanks for trying!! I know we can do much more together!!! The world need Larrys to be back!!! My God, don't forget Space Quest too!! pledged with 115$. I'm a huge fan from Brazil!!! Hi Al/Replay games As we are only pledging for a remake of the first game, do we get the rest of the remakes free and/or potential new game, or is JUST lounge lizards reloaded, and we have to buy the rest of the remakes? iOS please! Ok, your FAQ sealed the deal. Great that you answered all the tough questions people have been asking and removed some of the doubts peeps like me had about this Kickstarter. You have my blessings (and my money), make Larry happen, do the remakes etc BUT make sure we'll see some original content in the remake(s), maybe a totally new Larry game at some point (missing floppies, anyone?) and hey, why not Space Quest 7 (one can dream, right) And Al, sorry I could not pay for the original back in the day (as I was too young to buy or play it, got around it though and learned some English along the way) Hi Al! First, great video. I laughed so hard at it, it instantly reminded me how awesome the games were! I had the pleasure of playing all six games while in Baghdad, Iraq. The games were hugely popular there, Larry being almost a household name. Any PC gamer worth their salt had a copy of Larry (and Prince of Persia!) installed. Sadly, of course all the games were pirate copies. Copyright and legit content being nonexistent in the country. Now that I live in the UK, and have a disposable income, I would love to return the pleasure of playing those games by backing this fund with $100 (+15 for international shipping of course :p). I hope you'll forgive me for playing pirate copies of your games. Thank you once again for bringing such a great character to legions of Iraqi PC Gamers. We love you Al! Ali (see, even my name's almost like yours!) Al!!!! Thanks for taking the time to bring back nostalgia and good old fun! I do hope this turns out to be a smashing success and hopefully influence you to make more games in the future! Even though this is a remake it still has far more creativity oozing through it compared to todays graphical/boring/mass marketed games. Since Replay Games has been working on the game long hours already before this Kickstarter, someone must have paid for it. RG says that they have not got VC funding. If RG really has been working on the game with their own funds they should make a clear statement about it. If I were a VC investor, and saw the sudden rise of this Kickstarter thing, I would surely ask the game maker to lessen the risk in the project by funding it with backers before launch, as the pledges take none of the VC investor's returns. And if I were the game maker, and had an option to buy out an VC investor with Kickstarter donations... After the successful funding give us LARRY 4 ! PLEASE !! Everyone asking for a new Larry ....lets wait and see what we can achieve first. Im pretty sure if this kickstarter turns out to be something excellent they might think about making a new Larry next time. Now leave Al alone....he isnt 20 yrs old anymore :) A little tip then: state that you'll make a new Larry Game, if this is successful, more clearly. Maybe even in a follow up video. Some folks that i've spoken to in forums are reluctant to pledge, because they'd rather see a new LSL. So maybe that'd get them excited (?) Read the the FAQ, Replay game wants to make a new Leisure Suit Larry game. If this project will be successful, they will get the rights & will do it. Let`s make it happen. Anyone else who would like to have the original parser back so we can actually type commands again? Amazing. I grew up with Larry. Just one thing: If this is successful, I'd prefer a new Larry game over more remakes. But if it'll be more remakes, I buy that too. :) i just noticed FAQ, there is a lot of information why they didnt go for a new game!You should all read it! As the FAQ mentiones the game was launched already in 2011. The FAQ also states that they were at the time unable to get VC funding. However, the Replaygames blog has a comment made on February 29, 2012: "we’re working 12-18 hours days already and doing our best. No promises except it’s going to be a great, great game." Someone must have paid for these long hours of work. Consequently, it seems that the game was in the works months after the funding problems, and perhaps it would be made regardless of the Kickstarter. It would be good if the Replay Games could clarify a bit on this matter. I'm really excited! Just one thing: the animation looks a little bit... well. I just hope you use the half a million to get it up to more or less LSL 7 standard ;) But even so i'm proud to be a backer! You know what it would be awesome, if we can get the points counter back at the top of the screen. I remember replaying the Sierra games again just to get a perfect score!! We should all demand that!! Lee: Those console games had nothing to do with Al Lowe or (I assume) anyone at Replay. They were terrible money-grabs by people that had no idea what franchise they were dealing with. The rights are back where they belong now; the original creators. ;-) Al Lowe didn't create the last two rubbish larry games!! Learn from the last run of LSL games that were complete flops. Can't wait Al :) P.S. Don't make it too cartoony. P.P.S. Make sure you tell Roberta and Co of your success with this! Good, first Wasteland 2 now Leisure Suit Larry, the original gamer is returning.......wish Wizardry (Sir-Tech version) would return It would be great if there were an English version subtitled. May this help Toonstruck's project ALSO gather steam! They're seeing how Toonstruck sells, and releasing the LOOOONG delayed sequel game if that does well! (They made two games back to back, but Virgin Games fell apart after game one.) 1.Mac\Linux version 2.New LSL game possibility Perfect milestones for additional funding, I think. Any confused people: Al is NOT playing Larry. Larry has (almost) always* been voiced by Jan Rabson. (Saying Al = Larry is like saying Shigeru Miyamoto = Mario. CREATED yes, ACTED no.) *= There was a time kids, when PCs DIDN'T have proper sound, but BEEPS and BOOPS, NO VOICES. That's when Larry's birth was. Much like Mario, it wasn't until a late sequel (Larry 6) that he HAD a voice! The first game was only voiced when remade. This project is the SECOND remake of the first game. ("Larry 1 EGA" is the original game pictured in the Kickstarter. Look up "Larry 1 VGA" for the first voiced remake.) This is a game which i remember booting up from a floppy as a kid and still remember every bit. In particular buying the condom for some reason... Man, has it been five years since the attempt to reclaim Larry from P.U - er - V.U? Will the $25 reward tier also include sheet music? This is a trend I would love see continue, ref Supergiant Games releasing sheet music for Bastion. @ Zephyr: For sure. But the problem is that you must have a title that allows you to get money. I can see the monetary interest to quicly remake these classic games with PC fan funding for new platforms with easy store access and download/install (XBLA, PSN, Android, iPads, iPhones, Windows Phones, Kindle). I just wish this not the only direction the adventure games are going into - remakes I mean. I wish we get fresh and exciting new games. This looks amazing which is why I pledged for it but don't you guys think that the Sprites in the game are a bit too big compared to the original? it takes a bit away from its style Adventure games coming back! There is, indeed, a face to be saved thanks to Magna **** Laude and Boxoffice Bust. I'm just glad Al Lowe is back in the case, so the justice can be done. @Matthew Schuch - Good point, thanks to Larry Lovage, Laffer's 'nephew', they probably do need to do some re-releases to replace/overwrite the opinion of LSL games before making another new one, or no-one would buy it. Hadn't thought of that. FIGS would be awesome! I've already donated, and just wanted to say that the thing I loved about the first LSL was the language driven interface - just type in what you wanted Larry to do in plain English and he did it. I thought it was just amazing technology at the time and would love to have it again in the new version. Whatever - please include the Naugahyde door! You also have to remember that the past two "Larry" games were complete rubbish. In fact, I just read an article last week calling the last "Larry" game the worst game of the past decade. Not everyone knows that Replay Games (i.e. Al Lowe) didn't create those two. In order to make a LSL8, they're going to have to produce a really good game to generate positive momentum, and what better way than to remake a classic, with better graphics and sound. In my opinion this is opening the adventure game community has been looking for, and if we show the gaming world we want these types of games again, developers will start getting funding to create new ones, like LSL8, SQ8, etc.. Just look at the DoubleFine kickstarter - $3.3 million for an adventure game, a supposedly dead genre. I am backing this up, since I would love any good Larry game with the involvement of Al Lowe, remake or new one. But I am hoping that the voice work was only temporary and the same voice actor as in Larry 6 and 7 will voice Larry. If we reach $1,000,000, perhaps Replay Games can consider to be working on both a remake and a new one. I am backing this first one just to see "The Case Of The Missing Floppies", and perhaps then a true sequel after the midquel. Don't quote me on this but I know I read somewhere that if this gets funded (and sells well), then there's a good chance that they will be remaking other old Larry games AND making completely new Larry adventure(s)! (LSL8 and/or LSL4). Think about it when you're about to pledge your money on this. :) Or better yet, think about it before you decide not to pledge because this is just a remake, not a new game in the series. Let me be another voice for a cross platform release (looking for a Linux version). Personally, I like to think that part of the reason these Kickstarter games have been so successful so far is because those of us who are looking for DRM free cross platform games have few outlets for our money. Please, do a true sequel instead of a remake ! I've never had a chance to play the first part (because I was too young). I started with Larry 3. But, if you are successful with this pledge please consider making a sequel!! Maybe you start a new sort of Game Business with this kickstarter pledges. @wiplash I am totally 100% behind you! I'm backing this up because I loved all Sierra quests, and I loved Larry. But I seriously think it would be much better idea to make the NEW leisure suit larry! Because who will back the game? People who know LSL. And we have all played the previous games... I have friends who would back a new game! But not a remake of the old one... that's just nostalgic, makes u feel old... let's get NEW!! :) @ Replay Games- A friend of mine who would like to pledge wants to know if adventure mob, the ones who developed this demo + art will be the actual developer for the game as they are not mentioned on the front page. Backing this just because I never had a chance to pay for the original back in the day. I think you'd get a lot more support for a whole new game. I'm backing, but I'm more than a bit disappointed by the target here -- you guys have an absolutely tremendous opportunity to do something great - you've managed to get your hands on the IP, and have Al Lowe on your side! Why not go ahead and create the LSL8 that Al envisioned, rather than just do a remake? I feel a remake is a bit of a cop-out... one of the most charming things about the originals are their classic look & feel. Also, why aren't you bringing in the original voice-actor for Larry from Love for Sail? LSL8 in the style of LSL7 (including control interface, or perhaps that of CMI or Full Throttle) would've been perfection! I've backed $250 for another project, but only $15 for this one, simply because of the above. Looking forward to see Larry again. Hope you guys consider making a Mac version if the pledge is high enough so I don't have to go buy a copy of Windows first ;-) Please make a true sequel too, not just there remakes! Well these are cool too, but having played all the originals I would definitely like to see new games. "I hope nobody chooses the Ken Sent Me reward." I guess some Vegas Casino will do so and place some ad on that way. However. Welcome back Larry. Larry Laffer!!! *wooooohoooooo* But a new one would be much much greater! I second the comment in the update section about using GOG.com as another place to download the updated Larry. Looking forward to the updated version! Larry will be back!!! So awesome!!! I was just thinking to myself this weekend, the world needs another LSL game, so you could imagin how excited I was to see this. I am slightly disappointed that its a remake instead of a new game, but thats ok. Hopefully this will show that there is a demand for another game, and a new game we shall kickstart, if it ever arises. I would have preferred a new Al Lowe LSL, but I put myself down for $50 anyway as i see this as a hopeful beginning for more. Just as it stands, I wasn't keen on the voice for Larry in the promotional video. I doubt it was the final choice, but thought I'd mention it anyway PLZ make no remake, but a new Larry. Alright alright, take my money! Ow and please make "LSL8 - Lust in Space (Larry visits Ur-****)" after this :) I learned english with the old Sierra-text adventures and still own the original LSL collection (1-5) and 2 Hintbooks :D TAKE MY MONEY! I'm a huge Sierra and adventure game fan. Oddly enough, I believe I only played the latter two LSL games. By far the funniest games I've ever played. I've been waiting for something like this to happen and I love that the fans are funding it. I miss these great creators: Roberta Williams, Al Lowe, The Coles; Sierra On-Line. Fortunately Jane Jensen has been active as of late. Gray Matter in 2010 and now is assisting with Kickstarter project Cognition. Much love; it's a good time to be a fan. Pledged 115$ for one of my favorite game that i never had the chance to buy erlier. I Beg YOU! Please, PLEASE do all the Space Quests! Thank you Al. Hope this succeeds and we get a brand new LSL down the line. If Al Lowe is able to bring a Leisure Suit Larry game into existence, does that mean you guys also posses rights to the previous games? If so, just a suggestion, what if there was a reward tier that offered the entire LSL collection in addition to the new game, ala the Leisure Suit Larry Ultimate Pleasure Pack? I would definitely kick some more in for a tier like that. Al Lowe, you were my HERO!!!!! I admit to unfortunately having a pirated copy of your game back in the late 80's because I was way too young for this stuff. Can I make up a karmic debt now by being a backer? :-) If I manage to win 50K+ in the lottery, that spot is mine! :D Bringing Al Lowe back to gaming alone is worth backing this project. He had much too much bad luck with the last few projects and considering that I have been addicted to his joke newsletter for too long, I am ready for a stronger fix. Bring it on ! Okay, I'm in because Al Lowe is still one funny son of a ****. (Josh Mandel, too. Loved the pitch video.) I'm excited about this game, but what I really want is a remake of Larry 3, my favorite of the series and one of my top five favorite adventure games period. Even better, it would be fantastic if this could lead to Larry 4 materializing someday. Good luck guys! Unfortunately, I never discovered Leisure Suit Larry until it was on the later side, and I wasn't quite sure about donating. But the innuendo in that video, especially with the wasteland, that's what convinced me to donate. If that's a taste of the skill in this game, and going into the work, it pushed me over the fence to donate! Was that Gary Owens doing the voice work in the video? Hopefully this'll be successful enough to get some new games done too. In for $115 without even reading the whole announcement. Bring it on!!! Best gaming news in a long time, and the perfect funding model. We want the real Larry, not the abominations of the last two "sequels". What better way to get him back than a rip-roaring vote of confidence on KickStarter. As far as I am concerned, this is just the start of something potentially very big, so my support at this stage is as much a vote for the principle of bringing the real Larry back as it is for having the game made...and hopefully with many more adventures to come in the future. What size are the lithographs at the $1000 level? Please have the original age checker please. I remember being 7-8 and getting past it for the first time after many goes and getting run over by the taxi straight away The original LSL destroyed my youthful innocence. Count me in!! I hope this gets a BIG box like some of the other Kickstarter projects. Regardless, it's awesome to have Larry back and I truly hope this continues the trend of reviving old classics! Looking forward to this. Al is actually a decent actor at least in the video, he needs his own LSL type show with him playing the role of Larry. AWESOME! Looks like the DoubleFine kickstarter is starting a trend.. I always LOVED these games.. And getting a remake will be FANTASTIC! I just wish I could afford to increase my tier *sniff* Got it ... Why, because of nostalgia, of course. And I do hope that the age verification test will still be in the game in one form or another. Spamming random answers as a child back when I didn't even speak English was an essential part of the experience. @ Raphael - Why? I would find it hilarious if someone named "Jesus" bought that one. :) P.S.: Larry Remake in Portuguese pleasseeee! I hope nobody chooses the Ken Sent Me reward. @ Chris - It may be, we'll see in 30 days if this garners the support they requested. Hey, if people are willing to "invest" $500,000 in a remake, then that tells me, and I'm sure the people at Replaygames, that there's a market out there for these types of adventure games. That may lead to other funding which creates new LSL, SQ, or PQ games. But doesn't 500k seem like a lot for a game that was, what, 15 rooms? @ Travis Fahs - I understand what you are saying, but I look at this a little differently. To me I am pre-ordering a game I was already going to buy. With the different pledge levels I get to choose what I want. Most people would pay $15 for this game as it is. Of course, some will wait until a Steam sale. I believe your worry is that the $500,000 will be misused. I can't speak to that, but that worry pertains to every kickstarter. It's a level of trust, and I trust that former Sierra employees know how to manage their own game and will use the money wisely. That said, I would push for multiplatform, as well. Would've liked to see a sequel, but I can do $15 for a remake. Petition to make this Larry 4 instead? Another remake (it's already been done) seems lazy. Even with Lowe involvement, it's the same jokes, puzzles and story it's always been - making this more of an art upgrade than anything else. Come on Al, MISSING FLOPPIES! Make this project what it should really be. Al, this Brazilian fan, just contribute. I hope that this project is a success, return the creature to the creator's hands deserves the respect of any fan of great Adventures. Thank You AL Lowe .....Hope you will make new ones if this one succeeds :) Great video pitch, Al! The only way this campaign could have been any sweeter is if it were for a proper sequel. My issue here is that this remake (and remakes of all the Larry games) were announced months ago as privately funded games (and multiplatform at that). There's no mention of why that fell apart, which makes it seem like asking for a handout they don't necessarily need. - A new game would have been a much more exciting prospect. I would enjoy and certainly buy the remake, but I don't necessarily want to pay a premium price to support it in the way I would an original. and Larry 1 was already remade ages ago!!!!GIVE US A SEQUEL!!!!!! I am quite disappointed that they didn't go for a sequel, i would have pledge so much more! I think everyone should send a message about asking for a sequel!!A real sequel!! Sorry but i forgot to mention it before. Wouldnt it be a nice idea as well to join the "Kicking It Forward" concept? $50,000 (10%) funded in 7 hours. Nice start. I still remember paying $100,- for sierra games when i was a kid (in the Netherlands). Together with my dutch-english dictionary i took forever to complete a game :) . I really hope this game turns out to be awesome again. Thank you guys for bringing back Larry and for inviting Al Lowe to come aboard. Before i forget to ask .... Mr. Lowe do you still have a copy of "Softporn adventure" lying around ?I need one for my Sierra collection :) I would follow you into battle, Al Lowe! You definitely have my support and word of mouth - I've been waiting for something like this since 1999! Long live Sierra! (BTW, if you get the chance - tell Scott Murphy to get on this Kickstarter action too!) Joy....I spent countless hours playing LSL in the attic with my mate.... Hey, anyone keep up with Christy Marx? Conquests of the Longbow was probably my favorite adventure title and I even played through it again a couple years ago...so very well written. @ Ryan Power - Ah... Freddy Pharkas - good times! I never really got into the Larry series properly, but I absolutely loved FPFP. I'm in. :) I have never pledged to a Kickstarter project before, but I could not help it. Al Lowe is a legend, and I am more than happy to support projects which bring these great games back to greatness. Larry -ing yeah! me learning englisch from this game! plus i learned a lot trying to get through the age verification process (or was that in the first remake?) my aunt allowed me to play the ingame casino games when i was younger.... Replay Games -- Whoa, Scott Murphy, rights negotiations,etc... . Please float that fact in interviews!. I personally think new content in any of the franchises would raise more money -- Awesome! @ Steve - Yes, if you live outside the U.S., you'll need to pay $15 more I figure Al Lowe deserves my money after playing pirated copies as a kid! Hey, I didn't have a job! P.S. Just for clarity: For the levels requiring add'l shipping - this is only for outside of the US correct? Pledged (I'd have pledged a lot more if it had of been a new game instead of a remake, though). I discovered LSL when my wife and I had gone East (Horace Greeley be damned) to Boston to visit with friends from college. Steve introduced me to LSL. Stayed up playing the game most of the night trying to find more funny ways to die. Went home and bought (I realize I am in the minority here) the game. Matthew Schuch: YES PLEASE Well somebody contact Jane Jensen and tell her we want another Gabriel Knight game too! :) Anyways, I see this game getting funded fairly quickly. You'll definitely garner support from us "old-timers." This user's account has been deleted. The original LSL 1 taught me to read and write in English. ...as disturbing as that is. I'm totally in! That said, though... if this project proves to be a success, I really, really, REALLY hope you guys decide to make an actual sequel as well. I've been waiting for that one for 16 years now! You've got my money for this. Now just get Mark Crowe and Scott Murphy on board for Space Quest 7 and I'll happily put more money down. Tanks to the first Larry, I was able to impress my English teacher in my first English class (which I had at the age of ten, since I'm German) with my huge knowledge of the many different variants of the word "condom"! Thankfully I had also played Space Quest III so I also new some harmless stuff too :D @Rod: Better to use timeless or up-to date questions. You should be 18 and not over 40 to play the game. ;) Oh now that reminds me how time flies... I must have been 14 or 15 when I played LSL and all the sudden I am 40. How the heck did that happen? Please please please have a humorous "are you an adult" quiz that you have to pass in order to play the game. I can't decide if it would be better to have the questions be modern-age verifications relevant to 2012, or if they should be hopelessly outdated so that we have to all check Wikipedia for the answers the way we used to check encyclopedias or slyly ask our parents. @Matthew S: Yeah, I know it's probably nearly impossible. New QfG would be amazing. Where are the Coles these days? It does feel a bit as though the Muppets are getting back together -- clearly the hardest puzzle would be convincing happy retirees to leave their yacht :) i remember, when i have played LSL for the first time, my english wasn't so good, so i had my problems those days, to answer the PEGI-18 Questions. Not only because of the language but also because alot of the questions were directly related to the US. dam it ! Seen it and pledged directly 115$ or short: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY ! Pledged only $15, but can raise it to $250 if you change your mind and make a new Leisure Suit Larry game instead of remake. Good luck! @ J Raymond - I don't think we'll be seeing Ken and Roberta do any more King's Quest games. What I would love to see is either an updated or new version of the Quest for Glory series. Those were some good games! Maybe if this is successful, we'll see something new from Space Quest. Who knows... Yay, this time I made it into the first 1000 backers thanks to Al's Cyberjoke 3000 newsleter. Good luck with the kickstarter! Okay, I'm in for $25. I'm really hoping the funding goes over the top so you can produce an iOS and/or Mac version! You know, it would make a nice easter egg if you'd find Larry Lovages bruised corpse from a dumbster behind the Lefty's. Al, I so want this to happen! After the travesty of the last two "unofficial" Larry Lovage games, we really need some modern albeit retro Larry action. Boom-chica and all. This is a piece of a massive real-world adventure game puzzle... leading towards Scott Murphy & Mark Crowe coming out of hiding... and getting Ken & Roberta off that damn yacht. I owed you that money Al and team! Ok not all $115 but you made a good investment back then. I'm a huge fan of Al's and all the old Sierra games i.e. Space Quest, QFG and of course LSL. Glad to see Al back and "unchained" if you will (then again I don't think I'd want to see Al chained up either *wink*) at any rate, glad I could help and hopefully it gets fully funded As long as Al Lowe is involved, you'll get at least $100 out of me. Can't wait to see and play the updated version(s). Yeah Al, it's my first videogame, I'm very touched by this reloaded. It's a great moment of emotion for me :) Thx Mister Al ! Pledged $115 without hesitation. @Replay Games, when you announced the game in October 2011, did you already have Kickstarter in mind or did you have some financers that didn´t follow through? <url>"The Neverhood 2" and "Little Big Adventure 3" on kickstarter... I'm in for $75 and very excited to see this in the works. I've been a fan of your games since way before I was old enough to buy them. Are you 100% on re-remaking the first game? (Anyone else remember the VGA remake?) Personally, I think LSL3 would be a better candidate, but I trust you and can't wait to see this project succeed! Has a Larry 1 remake already been done? I remember buying the original, and then (I think) again when sierra did vga remakes of some early classics like PQ, SQ, etc - and thought Larry 1 was on that list. Either way, I'm hoping I will be playing it for a third time. Let's not even talk about those odd larry arcade style college games that was released a few years back. @BatBridgeInteractive to Al Lowe of course, sending my money now! Please remake 2, 3 and 5! I played the first one to death, but the old dos versions are hard to look at now. No DRM? *jumps in* I hope that this is just the first of many reloaded Larry games. Or maybe I'm just selfish. In any case, it's good to (potentially?) have Larry back :) hahaha, I pirated the original Larry... AND bought the hintbook! Thanks for the honorable mention Al :D I'm so happy to be able to pay back for all the awesome memories you've given me! THANK YOU! Welcome back, Larry! I've been a huge fan since the original (I even have a "What do you want? Good taste or good graphics?" Larry T-Shirt) and am VERY happy to see that someone with some sense - or at least an appropriate lack of taste - has the rights back. Let us all forget the console games and move on! (PS: Al if you read this, try as I might, I just cannot make myself like the new art style. As excited as I am for the new release, I may just have to picture it in EGA in my head while I play.) $500k sounds like a lot of money to remake such a simple game. Where's it all going? @SXX-We meet again! First WL2, now LSL! You have good taste my friend. I'll be glad to up my pledge if native version will be announced. Please Mac and GNU/Linux versions and Desura release. As well interesting what do you think about Kicking It Forward? Now that the Steam issue is resolved. I want OUTRAGEOUS steam achievements :P I backed,BUT I think this is too soon. Too many mega projects over a short time period. Maybe it was best to have waited one more month. Doh! Another awesome classic here on kickstarter... I´m gonna go bankrupt if this carries on ;-) *shut up and take my money!* Here I am, backing my second project on Kickstarter. The first one was Tim's one of course :d. And I'm really glad you also took this initiative. Can't wait to see Larry revived! Ha! Good timing. Just last week I swore I'd back any titles containing members of the original Sierra Online team, and this pops up. LSL has a fond place in my grade school heart - I remember begging my friends to borrow their copy of Love for Sail (and being so lecherously excited when they finally came through). Sierra Online was based in the town where I grew up, and it was my dream to work there one day. It's been heartbreaking to see the studio sold and shuttered, and its properties thereafter kicked down the stairs. I'm worried that the $500k might be a little much for this project, but I hope it's not. If I had the money, I would definitely be backing this further. Also... if any of the original minds behind Quest for Glory, Space Quest, or King's Quest want to get a Kickstarter going for one of those titles going - give them a nudge. They'll have my (and many others) money. Good thing you didn't start this yesterday. I would never have believed it! Welcome back, Al Lowe, nice to have you here with us! :-D Nice! :) I played the original at the time of the release with a dictionary on the table, I really learned my english with this game. And I was only 12 years old at the time. :D I think your pitch video is broken. I'm just getting a bunch of green static for the visuals. Good luck! Larry 1 was one of the first adventure games I played.. I was around 9 or 10 then. And yes, I did not get half the stuff what was going on in the game, but it did not stop me from having fun. So you got my $15 atleast. I still have good memories of the original, and I think that is not much to ask for nostalgia. :) Good grief! Backed Wasteland 2, swore that was the only one I was going to back. I lied to myself! Do you really mean '(please add $15 for international shipping)' on the $25 level? Best Monday EVER! Please no DRM !! (and consider <url>