Hello again! Just a quick update today. In response to some feedback from our non-KS supporters, we are extending our Paypal funding period for Mansion Lord for one final week . Paypal donation site : <url>"custom content" backer surveys until the end of this period. Until then, tell your friends! If you know someone that missed out on the original Kickstarter drive, let them know that this is their last chance to snag some extra content and early access to Mansion Lord ! - the team at Golgom Games Hello again! This entry in the pre-alpha series of updates is about combat and our current schedule forecast for Mansion Lord . Combat Starting an Accusation If you have at least one piece of evidence (shown in the counter in the bottom-right corner), you can forcefully bring any suspect to the Chamber of Accusation. During an accusation, time is frozen in the rest of your mansion. When an accusation is complete, whether it ended it success or failure, the participants resume their activities from exactly where you found them. An accusation is, in a nutshell, a single round of turn-based combat in a small-scale grid. To prove that the suspect is guilty, you must demonstrate how they did it in the most conclusive way possible - by recreating the conditions of the murder and beating the living daylights out of them (and any accomplices they brought along). During an accusation, your resident detective will explain your actions as you perform them. So every accusation stitches together a short narrative. Combat Phases The accusation is split into 2 phases: (1) an Ally phase where all of your summoned allies take their turns followed by (2) an Enemy phase in which all surviving enemies get a chance to retaliate. If you can reduce the suspect's HP to zero, they will confess everything, allowing you to arrest them for a reward. Each ally summon will cost you 1 piece of Evidence each. You'll have to gauge the situation and decide if you want to save up your evidence for one gigantic accusation, or peck away at a suspect's health little by little with multiple accusations. Certain other actions require "spending" Evidence during accusations, but we'll discuss those another time. Alibis Each suspect can have between 0 and 6 Alibis . An Alibi is a special condition which you must take into account during the accusation. Alibis make things significantly trickier for you as they can modify ally/enemy stats, restrict certain actions, and many other things which we'll let you discover. Schedule Update In the last couple of months, the Mansion Lord team has made many positive strides in the following areas: Design and groundwork of a significantly deeper and more refined combat system Complete UI system overhaul Streamlined the resource model A large-scale code restructuring for easier optimization and testing Identified multiple sources of major stability issues Mansion Lord was designed from the very beginning to uniquely blend aspects of two game genres which we dearly love: business sims and tactical RPGs. We won't be doing justice to the genres which inspired us, the vision of the team, or you, the backers, until both sides of the Mansion Lord game play are absolutely kick-ass. So considering the workload ahead of us, especially the expansion of the combat system with a single programmer, we must regrettably delay the first alpha early access until late September at the earliest. This is not a delay we make lightly, but we must take the surest path to delivering you the best game play experience possible within the scope of our team of two. We have learned a lot about our strengths and limitations, and the thought of showing you guys the results of our efforts is what keeps us going 7 days a week. But let's close with some brighter news - with the foundation of all major systems in place, we are preparing to start sending out the content design surveys to all the backers who snagged a chance to add custom equipment, characters, rooms, or objects to the game. We'll start sending them at the beginning of August, accompanied by an update to help walk you through the process. Surveys regarding other backer rewards will be sent out closer to our release date. This both aids our bookkeeping and allows you to reconsider your options (change of address, considering different platform based on release date, etc.) up until the final release window. As always, we thank you for your continued support. It is our prime motivation during those all-nighters! Sincerely, The team at Golgom Games Items Hello! Today we have a quick overview of just some of the items you can create in Mansion Lord . Items are a huge part of running a successful dinner party. A well-placed item can bring you back from the brink of disaster. As previously mentioned, there are two types of items: Herbs and Traps. In general, Herbs have more support-minded uses and Traps are more offense-oriented. Herbs (produced by a Conservatory) Health Tonic: Temporarily restores a portion of an ally's HP. Energy Tonic: Temporarily allows an ally to ignore the effects of fatigue. Panacea: Removes all negative status effects from an ally Traps (produced by a Laboratory) Chandelier Drop: Causes a chandelier to mysteriously fall from the ceiling. Deals moderate damage to a single target. Useful for softening up targets or finishing them off before they can reach your vault. Floor Spikes: Causes sharp spikes to erupt from the floorboards of a single room, causing moderate damage to everyone within. This trap does not distinguish friend from foe, so be careful! Poison Dart: Shoots a dart coated with a rare, debilitating poison at a single target, weakening them for a brief period. We'll have to keep this update fairly brief this week. We are still cranking away day and night on Mansion Lord and can't wait to show you what we've been working on. Thanks and see you next update! Hello again! Today's update is about Room Decoration. In Mansion Lord , a room can be any width so long as it fits within the mansion's walls - it can even span an entire floor. You can greatly improve a room's utility by decorating it with furniture, appliances, art, or other objects. You add decorations with a simple, grid-based system. A room has 3 stats which you are concerned with: Popularity , Efficiency , and Comfort . Popularity Popularity attracts more guests to the room. A larger supply of guests will keep any potential killers busy a bit longer. This affords you a lot more time to collect evidence. Some items which increase Popularity: paintings, statues, windows Efficiency Efficiency determines how quickly a room can perform its primary function. For example, a more efficient Kitchen will satisfy an ally's hunger faster and a more efficient Library will produce research faster. Some items which increase Efficiency: clocks, globes, shelves Comfort An ally's needs (eating and sleeping) will drain slower in a room with high Comfort. This will save them from making additional trips to the Kitchen, Lounge, or Bedroom so they concentrate on other duties. Some items which increase Comfort: fireplaces, candles, gramophones You also increase these stats by simply making the room larger . Everyone likes having more space and each tile which the room spans will confer a small amount of Popularity, Efficiency, and Comfort. That's just a quick look at some of the considerations of the room decoration process. Hope you all enjoyed it! See you next update. Today's update is about Ally Behavior . In Mansion Lord, you can direct your allies to investigate or perform work in various rooms. However, they are still highly active without your direct supervision. Ally behavior is governed by the following needs: eating, sleeping, and happiness. All three resources naturally drain over time at different rates. These rates also differ between characters. You may find that one character has a ravenous appetite or that another character is more prone to dozing off. Eating When an ally is hungry, they will locate the nearest Kitchen (assuming that you have provided them with one) and eat their fill. Eating also restores a portion of their health, though it would still be wise to invest in some curative items to handle emergencies. If you allow an ally to remain hungry: Weakened combat performance, affecting both offensive and defensive stats Accelerated loss of happiness Sleep When an ally is tired, they will locate the nearest Lounge or Bedroom and take a short nap. Sleeping in a bed is much more time-efficient than using a lounge. If you allow an ally to remain tired: Weakened ability outside of combat: greatly reduced rate of researching in the library, producing items in the lab, training in the study, etc. Accelerated loss of happiness Happiness During a dinner, your allies will collect payment for their services every hour in game time (currently translates to about 4 minutes in real-time). Any budding mansion lord that wants to turn a profit should generally try to wrap things up before the paycheck costs start stacking too high. Staff happiness adds an another wrinkle to your financial concerns. When an ally's happiness falls low enough they will head to the nearest Billiard Room to blow off some steam. However, if you discourage this too often and their happiness runs out completely, they will demand an additional bribe and threaten to leave for the remainder of the dinner unless you pay up. There are also a few little ways to keep your allies happy longer, including giving gifts and placing decorative room objects. --- In conclusion, Mansion Lord players always have to balance efficiency with the needs of their allies. Thanks for reading and see you at the next update! Hello again! Apologies for the radio silence - we wanted to finalize some major design decisions to avoid publishing a misleading update. Sorry if it caused a scare. Here is what the Mansion Lord dev team has been up to during the last few months: Added a new layer for Expanded the options for customizing rooms Major art pass Significantly increased the maximum allowable mansion size and adjusted game-play to scale to the new model. Overhauled the resource model Placing stairs will no longer a pain the a** for the player Streamlined combat We've made great strides and our future milestones are well defined. However, we want to make a final major polish pass before we begin Alpha Tester access. In our minds, an Alpha tester's primary role should be to guide and inform high-level design decisions, not to submit bug reports. To this end, we are pushing back the Alpha test and future projected dates until we tackle the larger stability and performance issues. Our revised schedule is as follows (as always, dates are subject to future change if deemed necessary): July 26: Alpha Tester Access begins August 26: Extended backing ends; all backers receive reward surveys August 26: Early Access begins September 26: Release on Windows/Mac/Linux December 19: Release on Android and iPad On to the good news! Now that we have achieved a certain measure of stability, we are starting a much (MUCH) more regular bi-weekly series of articles to get everyone more familiar with the ins and outs of Mansion Lord. The topics will be: May 15: Overview of Dinners and Room types May 29: Ally Behavior June 12: Room decoration June 26: Herbs and Traps July 10: The basics of combat So without further ado... Overview of Dinners and Room types In Mansion Lord, the player is, above all else, running a business . Your primary source of revenue is holding dinner parties. Running a dinner party is a juggling act between sending your allies between rooms, identifying which killers to target first, and dealing with minor catastrophes. Your main resources are: Reputation - The "health" the dinner. When your reputation reaches zero, the party is over. Your reputation drops by a good chunk whenever one of the following happens: every guest in a room has been killed, a killer reaches the Vault, or an ally is knocked out Money - Not much explanation necessary. Used to build rooms and buy equipment. More importantly during a dinner, however, is its use for paying your allies to keep working. Plants - Produced by a Conservatory and used to produce Herbs: medicine, tonics, and other ally-boosting items Science - Produced by a Laboratory and used to produce Traps: spike floors, falling chandeliers, and other enemy-damaging items. Research - Produced by a Library and used to upgrade the effectiveness of Herbs and Traps Evidence - You need evidence to launch an accusation against a killer. More on this in the Combat article. These are the major points of holding a dinner: A trickle of murderous dinner guests enters your mansion, eats dinner, then wanders upstairs to any populated rooms they find. Every room attracts (you might think of it as "producing") guests based on its popularity. Popularity increases based on size and decorations. Think of the guest count as the "health" of a room. Your primary goal is to capture as many killers as you can without losing all of your Reputation. The dinner ends immediately after all killers have either been captured or left of their own accord. Or when your Reputation reaches zero. Each ally has 3 needs which you need to monitor: Hunger, Sleep, and Happiness A killer will only do the deed if left without supervision. Post an ally to a room to investigate. This task will tire an ally out quickly, but it also produces valuable Evidence . Rooms Types There are 11 basic room types. These do not include rooms created from backer designs or those used as backer rewards. Dining Room - A permanent room on the first floor. The first destination of any Killer Kitchen - Where your allies go when hungry to make themselves a snack. Can support one cooking ally for every stove you place. Lounge - Where your allies go when they need rest. Can support one resting ally per sofa you place. Resting in a lounge is very slow. Bedroom - Can rest an ally much more quickly than a lounge but only supports a single ally no matter how large you make the room. Billiard Room - Where your allies go when they are unhappy. Can support one ally per billiard table you place Conservatory - Produces Plants so that the player can use Herb Items Laboratory - Produces Science so that the player can use Trap Items Library -Produces Research so that the player can upgrade the effectiveness of their Items Study - Trains an ally to higher ranks for the duration of the dinner. This allows them to perform tasks faster and fight more effectively. Vault - A permanent room on the top floor. If a killer ever reaches the Vault, they will immediately leave the mansion with a good chunk of your gold. This also causes a loss of Reputation. Hall - Not technically a room, but rather the lack of a room. Halls are the only place where certain objects (mainly works of art) can be placed which provide a bonus to adjacent rooms. Putting it all together: So what is it? At the highest level, think of Mansion Lord like a vertical RTS. It's a mission-based, room-based sim game about frantically shuffling your somewhat fussy minions between rooms to fend off invaders and ultimately build a tiny empire of your own. I hope this was an enjoyable read. In 2 weeks, on May 29, we will discuss Ally Behavior. Thanks! Hello again! We hope everyone is having a great 2014 so far. It has been a hectic few weeks here at Golgom Games as we've been gearing up for our next development phase. Today's update will cover a couple of important topics. Paypal Backing A Paypal backer option is now available on the Paypal page of our website: <url>"Mansion Lord’s description hooked me with its promises of (not necessarily in the same order) murders, a maid, old-school pixelart graphics, a maid, and building my own dream manic mansion." - Siliconera "When it comes to combining a set of rarely paired game genres, Mansion Lord takes the cake and eats it too. ... You’ll need to wear many hats and wear them well to be the best you can be in this adorable title with designs fit for anyone to enjoy." - SegmentNext (Top 10 Steam Greenlight Games) "Oh, those wealthy aristocrats. When will they learn not to attend a mysterious dinner party being held at a strange mansion? Hopefully not anytime soon, because running that mansion and having those dinner guests murder one another is what will keep you in business in Mansion Lord." - Joystiq "Mansion Lord brings a unique concept to our desk as it combines the classic whodunnit mystery theme with a tycoon game." - ActionRadius "I like management games, and I’m a sucker for anything that plays on the tropes of murder mysteries. This looks like Tiny Tower meets a turn-based battling Poirot. Your mansion contains a “Hall of Accusation”, which all on its own would make me play this game." - Rock, Paper, Shotgun "What do you get when you mix the classic board game Clue with some Kairosoft style graphics and gameplay? You get Mansion Lord..." - Cliqist "We need to support Mansion Lord. It’s a game that’s on Kickstarter and has RPG, general simulation, and even dating sim elements, and it absolutely has to exist." - GamerTell We are thrilled to say that Mansion Lord has been Greenlit by the Steam Community! Many thanks to all Greenlight voters! Once funded, all backers will be able to choose Steam as a distribution option for any of their copies of Mansion Lord! Hey everyone, we appreciate all of your ongoing pledges and support! To answer some of your questions, today we're going to talk about Character Classes . Every person in your employ belongs to a particular class. A character's class determines their distribution of stats and access to specific passive abilities. In the screenshot below, you can see that Dr. Olive is currently a level 15 Surgeon, which affords him access to the Bedside Manner and Precision Cuts abilities. Once a character reaches level 20 in their current class, they may opt to switch to a new class while keeping any abilities they learned. A character can only remember up to 4 abilities at any given time. Also, some classes are gender -locked. For example, a male character could never switch to the female-only Siren class shown below. Finally, one last thing to keep in mind is that well-trained people tend to demand high salaries - so be prepared for that when they come knocking for a raise! We are pleased to announce the introduction of two new reward tiers for Mansion Lord! $25 - Connoisseur We have received numerous requests for the option to receive the game's soundtrack and we deliver! As a Connoisseur backer, you will receive the following: All Chief Inspector rewards A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! Do you want these goodies but prefer another reward tier? Or want more than one set of them? No problem! For every $10 that a backer contributes in excess of their selected reward tier (yes, including the $1 tier), they will receive a full set of these Connoisseur items as an Add-On : A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! $50 - Profiler We want to give more backers a chance to be immortalized in Mansion Lord! As a Profiler backer, you will receive the following: All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a non-playable, randomly-spawned guest that wanders into the mansion - simply choose a NAME, GENDER, and an APPEARANCE ARCHETYPE Once funding is complete, Profiler backers will receive an email form to pick their name, gender, and basic details regarding their appearance - we will have a good handful of archetypes (skin/hair/accessories) to best match your look! After listening to feedback from backers, we are happy to announce that all backers who opted to receive a digital version of Mansion Lord may choose to be given a Linux version of the game! Once the project is funded, we will survey all backers to determine which distributions to emphasize during product testing. Zeck at Press Start just featured Mansion Lord in a nice segment in the pilot episode of their new show, Pause Break: Indie Spotlight. Check it out here! <url>#1 question we get is "Will there be a DRM-free option for getting the game?" The answer is a resounding YES - in addition to Steam (pending Greenlight), backers may opt to receive their copies of the game through either the Desura or GOG.com distribution services. If there is another service which you prefer, shoot us a message and we'll see what we can do! If you have a question for us, please message it over. It may take us a day to get back to you in our busy development schedule, but rest assured that we read each and every one. Cheers!