Refund test Finally got it today got my refund Looks that way… where's money! Am I the only one without my refund yet? Even though they did say "We feel the only responsible thing to do now is to refund 100% of the pledge money to our backers." So what happened to the responsible thing matchstick ? I agree with you Christopher but it seems we are out of luck. Matchstick finally responded to me that developer unit backers won't get refunded. Will people who got the developer model get refunds? Yes I got some hardware, but it's not the development kit for a project with an upcoming release exactly, is it? The thing never worked as a solid base for third-party applications and it's not very useful to develop applications for something that will never ship another unit. No refund! No refund No refund here but also no response from creator to my PM. No refund for mee too! :/ no refund yet guys,come on please! @Nik, that's good to know. I haven't yet received mine, but it's good to know that anybody who does get theirs isn't able to comment on it here. @Branden G (8 days ago) Good FYI " FYI someone on my facebook just received their matchstick refund! once the refund is processed you will be "dropped" from the project and therefore cannot comment here anymore." Thanks We are now 13 days into September. Patiently awaiting refund. Still waiting my refund No refund yet Still awaiting refund please. Is there a way to tell which card we used for the kickstarter? One of mine has been recently stolen and thus a new number was made but I don't know if that would affect the refund if the original card was the one used. How does that work? Looks like this is the last month to wait for refunds as they say by the end of September, though i haven't seen anyone who has gotten one yet. No refund yet, what should we do to get it? Just got refund. Thanks guys. For anyone who is still interested in open source media streaming and running html5 apps on TVs, checkout screencloud.io. We don't have custom hardware but are building players for every kind of screen and media player device. FYI someone on my facebook just received their matchstick refund! once the refund is processed you will be "dropped" from the project and therefore cannot comment here anymore. No refund yet. No refund yet. @creator an update on how the refunds are going would be appreciated. Has anyone got a refund yet? None here. Awaiting refund. Can this please be expedited? Or can we have some feedback on where you are at with refunds please? Thanks No refund. No refund here No refund yet for me either. No refund yet No refund yet I haven't received a refund yet, but I think that once you have received it you are no longer a backer and you can no longer post here. A month to go so we shall see. No refund yet No refund for mee too :( Me too, I need to confirm that there is still no refund. To recap how this campaign was running this isn't a surprise. All in all, a shame.... No refund here :S Still no refund? Has anyone actually started to get their money back yet? No refund here 骗子 Dear Mattias, your comment sounds like a reincarnation of Andrew, same light touch of arrogance. As you mentioned, latest update is from 3rd of august. Taking those 60 days mentioned, that would be about 300 refunds a day, up to today it would be more then 6000. Taking the additional fact, that nobody sent information about developer sticks. Guys from matchstick did their best to reach the actual low level of trustworthiness. Therefore comments with "no refund yet" are helpful for all of us. read lastest update from 3 august guys no point in spamming comments. For those that are lazy to check the update here is the copy and paste: Refund Process: We will refund 100% of pledges to you via the Amazon payment system. It’s a manual process and may take up to 60 days for us to process all refunds. We will strive to complete the refunds by the end of September. If you do not see your refund by then, please message us via Kickstarter. No refund yet and no answer by email sad Awaiting refund... Still waiting for refund! So, where is the refund? Still waiting for refund! +1 for class action +1 I will never back anything on KS (even if refund is effective) Will you refund all the backers with the interest ? Has anyone thought about starting a class action suit against these characters? The proceeds could fund a project to create an honest version of the open hardware platform that we all thought we were buying (since the specs are all freely available); and kickstarter might be persuaded to kick in some funding to renew it's tattered and horrible reputation. I can safely say, if I'm not refunded, I'll never back another project posted to Kickstarter. Would love to be refunded. Still waiting for refund. No refund for me eather... Well we all learned a good lesson here and it goes back to what I said before... I paid for ten of them...I better get my refund! Add me to the list of people who has yet to receive a refund. Kicking myself for letting it go this long - should have pulled out at the first sign of shadiness back in February. Has anyone had a refund yet? I don't really understand why it should take 60 days. Refunds need to be issued by the merchant: <url>| Looks like you can add me to the list of people who won't be getting a refund. Still awaiting refund I wonder, did any developers actually get the 'developer' edition of this device? Any pre-release pictures taken? (Matchstick's claims don't count) Still awaiting refund No refund yet! Sorry it didn't work out. Don't care about DRM! Just ship the Matchstick without DRM support - adhoc-mode is exactly what need. We don't want any money back - we want your product! @Branden No refund received yet...hopefully all of us really received the refund sooner than later... Has anyone received their promised refund yet? I know they said it can take to 60 days to finish refunding everyone. Teltel 9x9.TV Flipr.TV matchstick.tv and purplecomm, Inc seem to all be related companies doing many similar things You can find the name of the COO/"Manager" of many of these companies including matchstick.tv here: <url>" please sign in to your Amazon Payments account for detailed instructions on how to receive your refund" Don't have an amazon payments account. My card was replaced. How do I get the refund? I admire your passion and it would be a shame if all your hard work went for nothing. I'd love to see DRM-free Matchstick. Better yet, two DRM-free Matchsticks I pledged for :] So, how do I get the refund? Amazon Payments said they can't help me as I have a new debit card (still the same bank, just not the same card). =/ 骗子 I'd like to see them give a project post mortem so that other people can learn from it when planning projects. But, I doubt they will, it's rather painful and they would be doing it for free. So if this isn't happening, and assuming I get my refund, what is the best alternative available? A DRM matchstick is not on our agreement! What a shame. Do you expect matchstick team to read our comments? I don't. The lack of communication for months shows that these people do not care about us. I am waiting for my refund now hoping not to have to battle for It Shame on this team! Didn't ask for drm support. Didn't back this expecting drm support. Please can we just have them without drm support? I've avoided buying other, similar products for months now, because this was "on the way". Can't we just forget drm and ship what was backed? Hey, just ship it as is, I want it to watch the video on my pc on the tv without cable. No need for drmshit. Thanks you :) I would love to see an animation of their logo, being lit on fire, all the little matchsticks igniting and the little rodent screaming as it burns to ashes, then a wind comes and blows the ashes away, leaving nothing... So who is paying you off to not produce this, or did you decide that refunding was a lesser loss than delivering the product to the backers? You have a working product, at least you said you did. So the only thing that makes sense to me is that what we backed at was too cheap for you to deliver the product. You'd rather lose face and your development costs than eat the losses of production and shipping costs? +1 for DRM-free MatchStick! Just give backers what they expected. According to my credit card company, a refund issued to the old card will probably get automatically transferred to the new card (that replaced the old card). If not, just call to request transfer of credit. This is consistent with the reply that I got from Amazon Payments customer service (posted below). Well, crap...this one didn't work out :( Like most, I love the original idea. Some of these more technical KS ideas are slowed down when the "good idea fairy" (eg - DRM, in this instance) further complicates the process. Keep my $40, have a beer, and better luck next time... This is what amazon payment says: " Important Message Service Disputes cannot be filed after 105 days from the transaction date , transaction date is :30 10 2014" "If the credit/debit card you originally used to pay has since changed, been canceled, or is no longer active, please sign in to your Amazon Payments account for detailed instructions on how to receive your refund." SIMPLY POST THESE. AS OTHERS HAVE FOUND, THIS INFO IS NOT ANYWHERE OBVIOUS ON THE AMAZON PAYMENTS SITE. I'm amazed by the number of comments that ignorantly express disgust and anger toward "Mozilla" and "Firefox." What does Mozilla have to do with any of this? Everyone realizes that Matchstick and Mozilla are not the same company, right? Yes, I think it's obvious that Matchstick took KS backers for a ride. The thing was fishy from the moment the campaign closed. Such a shame, but this is what happens when critical morals and values are not taught to your children. People become lovers of themselves and their own interests instead of truly pursuing what's best for others. We haven't seen the last of these sorts of campaigns, and I truly pity the honest ones who will struggle to find backers because of it. To the people saying that they don't have product ready and it would take 6 months to get the tooling and design right, I'd like to point you at this pretty unequivocal statement in the original campaign: The product is fully functional today, with the hardware design final, tooling complete, and manufacturing ready to ramp up in the next 30-60 days. We also have fully functional sender apps for Firefox, Chrome, iOS, and Android - you can Fling from any of these platforms on almost any laptop or mobile device. That's the device about 16,000 people backed, the one detailed in the original campaign. You know, the one that used the Rockchip 3066, 1GB of RAM, etc. It didn't need a spec boost and DRM could have been added later for the 5 people who don't have something that can stream Netflix. They either lied or just didn't know what the hell they were doing, a streaming stick isn't new tech, Roku and Google make do with lighter specs. @Brian Murphy and All So if I understood the Amazon Payments customer service reply correctly, if our credit card used to pay Purplecomm is no longer active, we don't have to do anything for now. Just wait for the refund to be issued. After the refund is issued, we then contact the credit card company to request transfer to an active credit card, or a check. In particular, we do not initiate a "complaint". Got this reply from Amazon Payments about how to receive refund from merchant when original credit card has been replaced (in my case): Hello, I understand that you'd like to know how to receive your refund which is going to issue to your no longer credit card. As per policy, we're required to process all refunds to the original payment method used for the purchase. Unfortunately, we're unable to change your refund to another credit card. You need not to worry about your refund. Please allow me to explain. If your old card account has been closed or canceled and you have another card with the same issuing bank, the bank can usually apply the refund to your other card. If you don't have an account with the bank anymore, they should issue you a refund check. Once the refund is issued to your old card, it will take 2 to 3 business days to credit your account. In this case, once the merchant issued refund on your transaction, I request to wait for 3 business days and contact your bank so that they can credit the refund to other card or they issue a check. If you still have any problem after the merchant issued refund, please let us know by visiting the below link we'll help you further. You need not to worry about your refund. <url>"If the credit/debit card you originally used to pay has since changed, been canceled, or is no longer active, please sign in to your Amazon Payments account for detailed instructions on how to receive your refund." Similar problem as posted earlier. My credit card that was charged on October 30, 2014 is no longer active. The credit card company replaced it with a new card as part of an upgrade process. I signed in to Amazon Payments but did not see "detailed instructions on how to receive your refund". Please give the detailed instructions on how to receive the refund in this credit card situation, or say where/how to find the detailed instructions on the Amazon Payments website. I'm Canadian and how do I get my refund? I'm happy that you're doing the right thing by providing refunds on what has unfortunately been a shambolic project. Full credit to you for making that decision and not running off with our money. However there's obviously a great deal of support here for the product you originally envisaged. Why not put the past behind you and treat the whole experience as a learning exercise in peparation for two new projects : 1) A non DRM enabled Matchstick and 2) A DRM enabled Matchstick. That was everyone would get the choice of taking their refund or re-investing it into one of these projects. You are now in a much better position to be able to estimate timeframes for each. Although your communication for this project has been nothing short of diabolical, I would be willing to forgive you and re-invest my refund money into one of these projects if you would commit to providing regular updates and promise to be completely transparent on your progress (even if it's bad news). I've backed numerous projects that have run behind schedule. I'm willing to accept that risk provided that the project creator is willing to openly communicate the progress - even when that means delivering bad news. To everyone asking for a non-drm version of the device instead of a refund: There are no heaps of product waiting for software updates before they ship out. They never got the prototypes working how they wanted, so they never started mass production. If they decided TODAY that they were going to ship non-drm units, we'd have to wait another 6 months while they finalized tooling and production before they shipped to backers. The refund option looks rather nice to me. I want my device period! Amazon don't say crap send me my device please Arf... I dream about it, and they just go away... we don't need and don't want DRM! You the conceptor of this project didn't understant anything about what we want... or maybe you have a lot of money from other part! Sad... I hope the source are open so we can modify the project to put it in a raspberry or something else... GNU Rulez +1 for DRM-free MatchStick! Just give backers what they expected. Another vote here for a DRM free matchstick. I do not want to stream Netflix or another service, I want to show my PC on my TV without using a cable. Give it to me baby. Has anyone received a response from the creator? It's a shame. All I ever wanted was a fun gadget (or rather two that I pledged for) that ran on Firefox OS. I could not care less about DRM. Lol. The survey was for VW, but so far thetre are 88 responses. And gues ; 100% wants drm-free. Anyone know how this works if the credit card we originally used is no longer valid. I had to cancel that card due to identity theft a few months after backing this project. Can't find any info on the Amazon Payments site and the email from the Matchstick folks was no help either. I too, agree with the previous comments...I want the device in its current state and will hack it to work :) Can we just get the device in its current state vs a refund? +1 for DRM-free MatchStick! Just give backers what they expected. +1 for the hardware. The open source community will take care of DRM for you! Go Go Go Matchstick! +1 for DRM-free MatchStick! Just give backers what they expected. I admit I preferred the dongle as it was over a refund, simply put, I wanted a FxOS device since my old FxOS phone died, I went to android, but wanted to try it on the TV. I REALLY don't want ChromeCast. My question now is, will you guys scrap the whole idea, or are you guys still trying to work on it, but decided on the refund for now because you have no idea when you will finish it? Basically, I want to know if I can have hope that someday I will be able to buy a matchstick dongle, or not. Anyway, hope for the best to all of you and success on your future projects. +1 for the hardware. The open source community will take care of DRM for you. +1 for drm free matchstick! Just give backers what they expected. Agree with Brendan Davis and most of the backers, who need the DRM anyway?! We need the Hardware! Ship is the hardware and we'll do the rest. I never wanted the DRM in the first place. I wish that Matchstick had just delivered the DRM-free product that was originally advertised. thank god, its over this f***ing project RIP this was a bad example for a shit project, big announcements and only hot air ! @VW It was all put on "black" on the roulette wheel during CES Las Vegas ;) Is this a Scam or what? Dear creators, a short comment, as I fear you could interpret silence as agreeing to your behavior. Which can only be described as very unprofessional, rather fishy, and quite shameful for the crowdfunding community. +1 for Matchstick DRM FREE Please No one is asking for DRM because it was NOT mandatory in this project ! Give it us without ! Or maybe you used our money to play on the stock market ?? *** A refund is not acceptable *** I will fill a complaint either against you and/or KickStarter to ensure my refund with a moral compensation due to the fac that the project is cancelled under irrelevant justification. @KS : You cannot make money and avoid responsibility when you allow such a false advertisement. are you kidding??? give us our stick without DRM or provide step by step instructions for refund. This is what amazon payment says: " Important Message Service Disputes cannot be filed after 105 days from the transaction date , transaction date is :30 10 2014" Did I misunderstand the purpose of the device? I backed the project because I wanted a device that streams content from my phone or laptop to my tv. I have so many other ways to watch Netflix. Don't need it for that. I just wanted to be able to mirror my phone to tv. I was trying to be patient, because you delayed trying to get Netflix on. Just give us the product we supported. Astro Jetson I don't believe I asked for a rewrite. Those are my words and thoughts. No it wasn't alot but they kept stringing us along. Once they made that deal, we were "extra baggage' that they needed to get rid of. I guess we are in the minority because 15,000 other backer seem to be ok with this! @Maarten Draijer Great! :) +1 for the hardware not a refund. I do not want or need DRM +1 for the hardware, not a refund. I do not need DRM Thanks for the refund (if it happens) even if i'd rather have the Matchstick I backed, without DRM... @VW Specially for you; <url>"Nooo, I must have it" and the rest would say "What's DRM?". Anyway, thanks for nothing, I wonder how much was made when investing OUR $470,310 in other places. If you announce that you quit, it means that products are not manufactured at all so you knew that you wouldn't be able to make it few months ago... Why didn't you tell us earlier ? It is almost one year you live and work with our money, how the hell will you be able to refund 470 000 $ ? You should be honest so don't say it is because of a feature that we did not want (DRM) and tell us the truth. Just like many backers, I did not care about DRM in the first place. I would still like to receive my matchstick, but since you never listened to us from the beginning about this matter, I highly doubt you will now. I feel more and more like I have been scammed, as other have said. Now, the best for the open source community would be someone to pick this project up. I would be in ! What a shame for the open source community .. As many of us already said, the Mathstick was not planned to support DRM .. +1 for a Matchstick DRM free. +1 to get an original MatchStick without DRM, I've never asked for. (If it still a choice) +1 for the hardware not a refund. I do not want or need DRM - I have my own content thank you As others have said, many of us would prefer a Matchstick without DRM. Having things like Netflix on it might have been nice, but I for one wanted the hardware over that feature. Also, +1 for the hardware not a refund. As others have said, many of us would prefer a Matchstick without DRM. Having things like Netflix on it might have been nice, but I for one wanted the hardware over that feature. I once decided to fund (more than the needed price) what seems to be the only open hardware and software project of its kind. I was already disappointed by the DRM decision back in february, nearly wanted to get a refund. And now the project is just giving up for its first funders. That's a pity. I'd still like to have a MatchStick without DRM support, if that's still an option. Thanks for the refund. Nonetheless, I feel your backers have been despised by your team. Your communication to us have been poor. You have not listened to us (comments). You now assign the failure on a feature that was not in the original roadmap and was not even wanted by many backers. The DRM could have been treated as a future feature, rolled out after the delivery. I have the feeling that you used KS backers to leverage funding for something else than what you promised us and THAT killed the project. Where is the open source spirit in all that ?? Every backer from the start doesn't care about DRM... Why were you trying to let the matchstick become an ordinary chromecast stick? If that was really the issue (btw, where is the problem, it has been integrated to firefox itself a while ago), then give us backers the opportunity to get a drm free version. But how to ask for a refund if the guideline of amazon payments says: "Submit a Complaint If you have already contacted the seller and the problem is not resolved, we can help. Our Amazon Payments Buyer Dispute Program will help you and the seller to identify the key issues and work together to resolve the problem. You can submit a complaint under the Buyer Dispute Program within 30 calendar days of payment if any of the following are true: You paid for an item but still haven't received it. You received an item that was significantly different from the seller's description." Another email update, no DRM? Woo-hoo! Without that software diversion I'll finally get my Matchstick! Just gotta count now Jul, Jun, May, Apr, Mar, Feb.... so in negative 6 months ago I'll be getting it, cool. Oh wait that's about when I went out and bought my Chromecast and last month is when I bought my second one, guess I won't need those two Matchsticks anymore, whew. In seriousness I would've still liked 2 Matchsticks too, so sad to hear about the DRM quagmire that killed this product. While it is sad the original product (no DRM) will not exist, I applaud the effort and integrity to return the money and end this kickstarter. Sorry it didn't work out. I never wanted DRM. It was NOT a feature of the original announcement for the kickstarter campaign. I wanted a free stick without the DRM part. I am sad and disappointed. The refund is fair - if we got it finally. As many other people have said, is it not possible for you to send out the matchstick as it is? I would rather have the matchstick than a refund. So... let me put it in my words... You've changed the project into something that non of us asked for so you'll be able to get some more investors other then us... then, when you got the money from them and couldn't do what they've asked you - you just leave us with no product... If the DRM is the problem - Why aren't you sending us a device without DRM??? Well... Probably because you got the money from us to jump-start your company and now when you got the big money from the partners - you don't need us anymore and you can just throw us and move on. I can only hope that even if you could develop that final produce with the DRM - that the open source community will remember what happened here and how you decided to go with money instead of the community that helped you to get to where you are and will deal with your product accordingly... I appreciate the refund, but what a shame Matchstick team, I just wanted to say that I really applaud you for the effort you put into this project and the vision behind it. It's sad to see the end of Matchstick and sadder that DRM is still haunting us all as consumers of content. It's not surprising that it was the piece of the puzzle that proved to be too much. Thank you for the valiant attempt! You guys are a joke. If I put money on bank or investment, I would have get more interest than put money at your side with empty promise and a lot of BS. For people like Astro and Lorenzo, check how many projects I have backed. I noticed that Matchstick was the last one you backed Lorenzo, and that was some time ago. Did you give up on Kickstarter after this fiasco? Where's that Kickstarter Spirit from you. I am sorry, but this Kickstarter was mismanaged, both by poor communications and poor usage of the funds that we "provided" them to produce a product that did not exist on the market yet, DRM free streaming stick. My belief (and it is just a belief) is that this project was over budget for what they collected, mishandled by its creators, and when it was decided to upgrade the original design and add DRM, it was a very VERY poor decision made with our "investment money" Yes, for the price of a few lattes you can excuse the cost of the stick you didn't get, but this does not excuse the damage to the Kickstarter website reputation showing just how vulnerable investors are. Kickstarter is not a store, however, this does NOT give the right to companies to use Kickstarter for a cash grab and then change the design, find out it's not going to work, have already blown half of your investor's funds, and then say "Sorry, we're going to give you a refund." which, BTW, means NOTHING. I have 2 projects that failed in a similar fashion, they both promised "refunds" after deciding their project wasn't going to make it off the ground after funding. I have yet to see a penny. Yes, it's in the TOS to cover their asses, but it's not right. I'll take my matchstick without DRM. I'm very disappointed that we can not just get the Matchstick without DRM. I was very excited for the ad hoc capability and even downloaded the app as soon as it became available. I understand not wanting to undermine your TV manufacturing partners but if you reconsider I would gladly take the Matchstick as originally planned. Thanks. Just want to say we really shall honour these guys honesty and courage, not only they are brave to admit their/our dream won't come true, but to offer full refund to KS backers. I back other projects that so over promise and under delivery, no pledge receive and ignore your email, let alone refund. Guys I think really Match Stick does deserve some credit. Look forward to receive refund this round and back you up again if you end up try 2nd round mate. Anyhow, thumb up from backer NZ, for your continuous update and refund offer ;) Rather than simply vanish like some others dishonest supplier:( Peter writes Peter W. Moyer (revised) Well these guys took advantage of the situation and decided not to screwed us. They knew well before today that they were never going to ship anything. So they closed their office space so they didn't need that expense. No updates on any websites until they had a final plan in place. This was pre-planned. Yes they gave up with enough cash to make refunds..The only thing we can do is give them the respect they deserve, so when the product does finally come out we can give them a second chance This how you help people restart on their dreams like this. FYI the company who bought them was in on this all along to be a support net... Peter, Peter, lets dial it back some. Your investment is $12-$34, about a week of Lattes and tips. Your interest on that money would have been about 20 cents. So you are not out big money. Kickstarter is not a store. You don't buy things here, you donate money and get rewards if they are successful. No success, no reward for THEM (hey this is their dream) and nothing for you. They struggled and failed on the DRM part. They delivered the hardware to the beta teams so it was real. They took the classy way out, and are sending your money back, vs lots of kickstarters that went down in flames and returned nothing. It's a gamble, read the TOS. So I've reworded your note above..... As I've posted elsewhere I backed this device to get a simple wireless connection from my computer/device to a TV (and be able to send my content to it). No on is interested in DRM so if you can deliver the original device everyone would be more than happy. You can work on DRM for a V2 model if that's the direction you're still heading in. Please consider! +1 to what everyone else has said in the comments Well these guys took advantage of the situation and screwed us. They knew well before today that they were never going to ship anything. Their office space was available since August 1st. No updates on any websites. This was pre-planned. Yes they sold out. The only thing we can do is give them the respect they deserve, so when the product does finally come out we don't buy it nor do our friends or their friends. This how you hurt dirt bags like this. FYI the company who bought them was in on this all along. I don't care about movies, don't care about DRM, I backed for what it was, I want it for what it was - way more than a DRM player. Wireless direct - ad hoc!!! Just get it delivered without DRM (which was not original and result of request by few). If you sold out, you really have obligation to deliver and the parent company should recognize this and provide to those who funded it through to this point. Sad. Would be great if you reverse your decision and ship it without DRM. Then make DRM available through an update later if you wish or just leave it out completely. I didn't care about the DRM'ed features, I wanted the rest. How about finishing it without the proprietary stuff, and just give us the rest. 还发不发货了，那么多钱，到现在都没把东西弄出来，你们对得起大家对你们的支持吗？做人做事基本的诚信呢？ Can I get a Flint device? I'm pretty sure that's what our contributions funded. i would want one with out DRM i have been using firefox ever since i first found it years ago and would love a streaming stick without DRM please reconsider Thanks for all your hard work. Just chiming in to say I too would prefer to see a matchstick minus DRM - it's still a valuable piece of kit. Playing movies is only a tiny portion of what a piece of tech like this could do. Please reconsider. Either way - you can keep my money. :) I login to Amazon and try to select refund. IT says that this item is not elligible for refund anymore. please advice cause i have change my credit card ever since. :( oh no bad news is, please consider the people who do not mind the DRM, I want Matchstick even when he comes without DRM support, I do not want to wait infinitely, but I'm willing to wait a little longer for shipping. Matchstick is a very good project, do not leave that way. Bless you, I don't care about DRM support, if is possible try to make a survey to see how many backers are interested in this feature, and wish to receive a refund, and how many doesn't care about this feature and still wish to get the Matchstick. I suspect Wald despin is right, the project was a success and they sold it to the highest bidder. 3 members of my family purchased a Matchstick and none of us wanted DRM; we want what we paid for. I am in the group that would prefer to receive the product without DRM. I see there are several comments that seem unnecessary, just complaining. Troy, there is no reason to use rude words. For almost half a million bucks, I'm sure there was a lot of thought behind the refund. Again, if there is anyway to continue this project I would vote for its continuance and don't mind the funds being held for whatever period of time it reasonably takes. I would also much rather wait for a finished product than get a refund but a refund is better than nothing I guess. I am only angry about 2 things, 1. Better updates would have gone a long way to calming the mob and would have given the team more time and support. 2. All the dicks who wouldn't shut up about scams and refunds and such like. I partly blame you for the team giving up and am sorely disappointed in your lack of kickstarter spirit. You are not buying a product, you are supporting a startup who will gift you a product if all goes well. If you don't like this system then go to fucking ebay. So they said if the card you used is no longer valid to goto amazon payments and follow the specific instructions on how to get your refund.. Well I didn't see shit about how to do that.. Anyone know what they are talking about or post the link to where they are talking about ? And I am there with you all I would have been happy without drm. It wasn't part of the original project when I backed it anyways.. Bah.. Consider giving dev like units to everyone who doesn't want DRM... Exactly as wald despin said below. They sold out long ago and didn't want to refund money until all of their shiny contracts were signed and sealed. Why else give a BS delay date and wait til that day to update again? I want what I paid for and it didn't include DRM. I'd rather to receive the product without DRM. There's no interest on refund. I think the project was a success and they sold it to the highest bidder. I'm pretty sure all of the money collected from kickstarter were spent on r&d. How are they able to refund so much money?Where are they getting the money from? I'm guessing that they sold the project to a big corporation or they were paid to cease development. This is disappointing. I would have liked this without DRM. Are you just disregarding all the work you have done to date? What about the work the open source community has also done for this project? "Matchstick" will now join "Pirate 3d" as a Kickstarter project that was well intentioned but failed to deliver and ended with a refund after tying up funds for a long length of time. Is there some way we can opt for you to go on, without DRM? It doesn't really bother me, and was a stretch goal to begin with - I'd rather it wasn't allowed derail the whole project Full refund. That means pledge + postage? I also prefer to wait and get a restricted product then just my money back. Please carry on the development This is truly a disappointing news.... I was looking forward to receive Matchstick, a better version of Chromecast. Oh well... until then let wait for someone to pick up and make another similar version of Matchstick... I admire their honesty, it took REAL guts to refund ALL money to EVERYONE! Otherwise they would have taken away our money and disappear from this world. You guys are lucky to even receive refunds. Because usually Kickstarter does not care if the Project Creator keep their promise on delivering the product or not as per Kickstarter's rules and agreements. I hope this serve as a lesson to the backers to learn from their mistake and be smart to whether support on the next projects in Kickstarter. Good luck and take care of everyone! Whoop Whoop sink rate... sink rate.... pull up.... pull u....... *followed by loud explosion* I agree with everyone else... if the developers only listened and kept DRM out of the equation, and promised an open platform for 3rd party developers to enhance the hardware, this would have been a successful project. But... poor management shyster tactics caused this crash and burn. I never wanted DRM support (I'd prefer without, honestly), but I understand your plans changed over time. Thank you for doing the right thing and refunding: it's a rare thing to see on Kickstarter! That being said, you still have my backing, delay or not, should you choose to ship one eventually. I'm glad we are getting refunds, normally I would be happy to take the hit, I knew we were buying a product that could potentially fail, it's the risk of crowd fundings.. however do the the incompetence of the team.. the delays, the lies, lack of communication, changing the roadmap, lies about development stages.. the list goes on, I feel they didn't even try to full fill their commitment to their backers so for that reason.. full refund please! I'm still not too convinced by this last communication, still banging on about DRM that nobody wanted. I'm personally really sad to see the way this Kickstarter has turned out I fully understand refunding your backers although personally I would much rather you keep my money and wait patiently for the finished product since I have faith that your team will deliver a quality product Why not stop wasting time building DRM no one wants and ship the original project? I'm still wondering why the DRM feature has been added to the list in the first place. I'm not wondering that feature made this project throw the towel, as DRM is against open-source spirit. Just too bad that it made this nice project strand. But communication from team was a big issue too. So understand refunding everybody is the logical step. Glad the money is still there for doing that. Thanks for trying. It's gotta be a tough move, but well played refunding backers' money. At least this way you can always rise again if and when you do, without the distaste of a community that lost money. I really wish you guys communicated with your backers more, but I know you're a bunch of great people. You guys suck Just got the email from them that they are refunding everyone's pledges. Honestly, for the small amount of money that I pledged, I would have been willing to wait longer to ultimately have some sort of product like this - now I feel that we'll have to wait another year or two before something similar comes along (if at all). A very unfortunate turn of events, and if the Matchstick team had perhaps provided a few more updates along the way, I think most others would probably have been fine waiting with another delay or two as well. Sorry to hear you guys are throwing in the towel! I've enjoyed my developer unit, and you guys can keep my cash. full refund for everyone, it sucks but I can respect this kind of move. thanks and best of luck to the Matchstick team Fail! Refund + interest Let's start another crowd funding campaign to pay a private detective to find this guy. @Brian Space 202 (their Office) is available since August 1st. Surely no coincidence. It's over. Let's say Goodbye to our money. It looked to good, to be true and it had been to cheap. Next I will look more carefully. If they don't post an update within the next 5 days I'll claim a refund. Not to further alarm people but check out this listing for what appears to be their is office. <url>#!topic/openflint/nAROkV373vY Its pretty clear at this point that this has failed or was a scam to begin with. Delivery date is 1 day away. Given that there has been no developers willing to identify themselves and comment since my last post 5 days ago, is there any comment from Mozilla.org since Matchstick promote their device as a Firefox based device? I think they should have an interest in their reputation being questioned. The status of this project and the lack of response from the promoters of Matchstick demands that Kickstarter take some action. Has this project simply failed? I no longer believe in the matchstick, it's a huge bubble, where $ 470,310 has been bagged and has been communicated since the only stupid updates, so the August and we'll have to read tomorrow's ups, there's unfortunately something went wrong again. .. I want my money back for months, but nothing will come, is here told me that I should a amazom ID to send that is already bad, this I did not shit mail and play for time. if matchstick unable the backers who want to have their money back pay and it can not be realized through "Kickstarter", then is to make matchstick in question? Perhaps it is just empty words that read in the updates for months and provide $ 470,310 (!!!!!!!) from just handfuls, something is called fraud - NEVER AGAIN Hey guys. Its been a loooooong time waiting. I am sure you would understand why most of us want a refund. It would be appreciated in case u can truthfully come out with some authentic timelines involved. In case its not going to get done then I might as well move on with something else, of-course at the same time hoping for a refund. It's a pity that Kickstarter let's guys like the Matchstick team bring them into disrepute. This is the worst campaign I backed so far and I can wholeheartedly understand everybody who wants to back out. I would like a refund, too - but I fear it's too late and we were all scammed. It will be August by tomorrow. Where are our matchsticks? 2025 Gateway Place, Suite 202, San Jose, CA USA 95110 Anybody near there, to knock on their door and to see if they do anything? You told me not to worry about the refund because you guys would ship in August. There's no updates. I need my address updated as well.. Man.. I just want a refund... can I get something please? Other devices are going for sale now. This is embarrassing. can you please process a refund for me also, this is ridiculous What about some news ? Please process a refund for my pledge, I am not interested in a product locked up with DRM. Please can you process a refund for me. Thank you. Can anyone confirm they got a developer kit? Wonder if those actually shipped. I am tired of being kept in the dark. I want a refund. Enough, i want a refund! What is Your status now? Do You still live? What do You thing, U'll deliver? ... What is U R problem .... ? Le mois d'aout est presque là, aucune mise à jour depuis le 13 juin. Le site officiel ne semble pas bouger. Aucune nouvelle des unités de développement destinées aux participants du projet l'an dernier. Il y a bien eu quelques démos au CES 2015, mais c'est tout. Même si j'espère encore un miracle, j'y crois de moins en moins. C'est malheureusement ce genre de projet mal ficelé qui porte préjudice au monde de l'Open Source et au financement participatif. Dommage... I think I done backing Kickstarters. The lack of updates on two of out of four (only 1 succeeded and it was from a popular artist), is very telling that Kickstarter doesn't have any form of regulations or enforcement to ensure consistent quality and communications from those requesting funding. I am hoping this one succeeds, but I am done after this. I can't afford to waste money on these gambles any more. Please post another update, it's been a long time. You need to communicate better. Any news for shipping in august? Thks. Any news on a august shipping ? Thanks. Please be a little more forthcoming with updates and progress. If you have no intention of following through on your product then I can guarantee you that the state of Washington will come after you for anything you have collected monies for here. They just did so for the makers of Asylum Playing Cards who did not follow through. <url>"Developer Kits" out there and what they have received from the MatchStick crew and what they expect us to pay them for "Developing"? Cheers, Dave guys... it's supposed to be deliviered in February... now it's July. and no more updates for over 1 month... come on! you've been supported by real people. real people need interaction to believe in a project. if you don't make any progress... just share it! everybody will understand. much better than to be silent. you give us the feeling of having wasted money. very sad! Ah my first and disappoint pledge! I'd like to see some updates. There is a point where one does have to get suspicious, even if one chooses not to be rude and throw around accusations based merely on the timeframe. An update of just about any sort would probably do wonders for those that haven't already decided that this is a scam. I can't wait to go to CES and find them... I'll be sure to seek out answers and how they plan on continuing Sadly their website seems dead now for months.. no more discussions on updates of the software of dev units or any activity whatsoever... Openflint seems abandoned also.. Do you guys see any sign of life? Kickstart!!! You have to know that this project is B as in B, S as in S. Kick, you got your commission, MatchStick got its share. We, the 17.2K supporters get nothing more than a monolog that kicks the can down the road. Hard to know who are these developers. Most of us know that Chromecast, Roku et al make updates on line. Matchstick just cannot get us online...sorry...cannot deliver the DEVICE to GET ONLINE. I'm beginning to think I've contributed to a lifelong vacation for a sheister.... can you prove me wrong? Please??? ! Update, please. Would really like an update folks. Not again kind of getting very disappointed with Kickstarter Ok, I (and think many others) payed for something new, fresh original and awesome. So tell me; after all those months waiting (10 to be exact), why I must be still waiting for that? I mean, what has your "matchstick" that doesn't has the Intel Computer Stick (or many others)? The price? I don't mind if its cheaper or not; I can go right now to Mediamarkt and buy one from Intel right now and take it to my house RIGHT NOW. -Nov 9th you said "its shipping time" but just for developers; fine. -Apr 1th. ...Hardware: "Should be nailed down soon". -Only 1 week for August; guys, "soon" != 5 months. This user's account has been deleted. on va atteindre 9 mois, neuf mois d'attente avec trop peu de communication sur le produit, et encore moins de date officielle de livraison. Maintenant que toute la concurrence a sorti son modèle respectif, sans compter les nano pc qui se pointent doucement. Lorsque l'on sait, qu'a priori le soft est basé sur le d'open source, on peut se demander si la mise au point du hard n'est pas un longue..... L'impatience commence à poindre.... Hello, It would be nice to get a real update about the shipment date.. Is there something else going on ? -D hello everbody, what about this project? no updates? Update! August is coming very soon. Probably you have nothing to deliver, again. Why are you complete incapable to communicate with the backers? Where is this "Andrew"? Please update us! Every two weeks would be great, people don't like to be left in the dark and are losing confidence. where is andrew ? This project is not going well for the funders. Hi! I have backed the project and have been promoting it as a cool thing. But I am really getting annoyed by the lack of updates on this. I think people have been and still are understanding about delays. But the least you can do is provide a constant update. You should be updating us on a weekly bases, not make us beg for updates. So I urge you rethink your approach on updates and start being transparent. Otherwise you will just have a bunch of frustrated and/or disappointed people. Thank you. Matchstick team, we need an update. I'ts almost august. Please don't postpone it again. how can I update my shipping address? Please confirm. Please update us regarding shipping out the Matchstick. If it's happening within the next few weeks shouldn't there be an update by now? I know those of us anticipating the February DELIVERY were more than upset when a 6 month delay was announced in February instead. Guy, You should release a status update. Thanks Please can we have an update for original Kickstarter Backers. Last update relevant to backers was the shift in ship date fro February to August with a complete redesign and pivot of core capability. Still looking forward to receiving my Matchstick, would just like an update. I'd expect if shipping in August then product should have started by now. Looking at the Campaign and counting the quantities (before cancellations) there would be over 20,000 to manufacture. Not an insignificant task so for August shipment the planning and sourcing of components should be well under way. Early 500 Basic 11304 2 pack 9162 5 pack 1495 10 pack 1560 -------------------- TOTAL 24021 Hello. I'd like to know how to change my shipping address. Hahaha! Reading the comments on here makes me want some good stinky cheese to go with all the whine going on. Keep it up guys. =) Update? On hackernews. <url>"Everything is great!" messaging. 2) Midcourse re-design. This is death to project success. On time delivery, product features or project budget go out the window. Maybe all three. Finger pointing and blame assignment can become an organization's primary productive activity. We may be there in the comments section. For any August deliveries, the majority of a 20k unit production run must be complete & through QC, ready for distribution NOW. Real example: Retail Christmas ornaments must be received by retailer's distribution centers in August. Silence about this status indicates problems, otherwise production management would rightfully be holding a public parade, with fireworks. We will either be VERY surprised by some positive news or disappointed again. "The best predictor of the future is the past", so I predict at best a slow dribble, or at worst another cheerful delay as an Update. Finally, does this sound a little familiar? <url>"loss" is mostly disappointment, and feeling like I got scammed. The silence just makes it worse. Hi guys, I can understand that managing this project is extraordinary complex and I don't doubt you are working hard on this. However you must understand that many people backed it because they believed in it, the product and the philosophy behind it and I think this people deserve some consideration. You should really improve your communication. I expected to receive my matchstick almost half a year ago, I can't deny I'm disappointed. I'd like to have some updates on the project, where it's headed, what's the schedule, what are the challenges you face... Being late is not the main issue, we are not just consumers. But we need to know what's happening. Report this Project to Kickstarter. It takes less than 3 seconds. 1. Select the ‘Campaign’ tab (not ‘Updates’ or ‘Comments’) 2. Select the ‘Report this Project to Kickstarter’ box 3. Report it! Screenshots: <url>"matchsticktv" is not INTEGE and not recommended ... ... for months completely stupid updates are delivered! each school is better than organized matchsticktv. matchsticktv supplies not what should deliver it, I bet the whistle do not manage time to deliver the december as so fantastic matchsticktv. my money, I have already written off, the thing "matchsticktv" is not INTEGE and not recommended. It's amazing how immature and childish some people are being. As far as we know they're still working on getting the project finished. If this were fraud, I'd be surprised that they're sticking around so long without asking for more money. This is a case where we're shouldering some risk and folks here seem to not understand that. Of course I could be wrong and this could be fraud, but apart from the delays, and limited communication I don't see any real problem here. Hi! Still hanging in there for this (open) stick! As the last (non developer) update was 1st April I wonder if you have some updates for us. Thanks in advance! Paul I wonder if there is a forecast for delivery of the product? Hi Matchstick Team. As everybody here, i think i will never receive the Matchstick i backed last year. First time i backed a project and probably the last. Well, let's wait for August, maybe a miracle will happen ! Until there, maybe you should read this and take some actions, like make some useful updates on hardware : <url>"Contact" methods, how does one formally ask for a refund? Well, to be honest the project is no worse for missing deadlines than some commercial projects that I have unfortunately been associated with. Let's just hope they get shipped in August and they work when we get them. Remember, this could be the first time this guy has organised something like this. You are continuously frustrating me matchstick. All that I want is just deliver!! Hello backers, this is the reply from matchstick.tv from 12.06.15 to my question when the hardware will be delivered: Matchstick.tv says: Dear klaus-juergen regenauer, We are still targeting an August deliver. Thanks for your support and patience, Matchstick Team i hope so ;-)))) The forecast for the shipment of the product was in February 2015 , but to date has not been sent . With both supporters that the team had had to fulfill its commitments . i also reported this project. It is ridiculous how the team is managing the communication The part that pisses me off is that they have a product, they just won't make enough of them and ship them. Lol Remember when they said they were shipping this in November? Reported them as well. I agree there needs to be an update on hardware. I'm considering re-reporting this project after the last update. An update with no real information is no update at all. The project I back started their campaign talking about an open project, not influenced by the big guys (the first two sentences). Then went on to list every piece of hardware that was going on their stick. What I'm getting is the complete opposite: Hardware delays to please the corporate investors, and zero information on what those changes are. could I receive Matchstick? When? @Allan Figot, The projected delivery date of February 2015 certainly has been updated. Did you not read Update #16, posted Feb. 6, 2015? <url>"updates" we get are pure bullshit. gg matchstick. Their communication via Twitter and Facebook are not any better than we are getting here. Give our money back. Clearly you have no ability to produce an actual product, and if you do, then you have the worst communication skills ever. I backed a project on KS that was a dude in his garage doing custom dice with a laser he bought from china. That project is over a year late now, but at least he sends us communications about his progress. You claim to be a company? this dude in his garage is not a company and yet he is far more worthy of the title than you appear to be. Project reported for fraud. Give me my money back! So not in a rush but the last update suggested that we are testing the new features...hard to do when we have not yet received a product. If this was just ment for the beta testers ok that's cool but maybe send things like that to them directly. Still looking forward to receiving this product some time in the near future. Look there are some reasonable backers who would like updates. This is pretty much all i ask, we are pretty much in the dark as to what is going on and i think you would get far better feedback from your backers with just a little more information being thrown our way. Anyway just my 10 cents on the matter. Not that i think the team reads our comments but here's a cautionary tale they need to be aware of.... <url>#20 that at least indicates that the hardware has not been sent and our packages have not gotten lost in the mail. Project Update #19 appears to indicate that I should have a Matchstick and can use the new application to enjoy the new features. Dear fellow Matchstick backers, I mailed Matchstick and they responded that they are still expecting an August release. Today's Email content: "Just download Matchstick’s latest Android or iOS set-tup app from Google Play or AppStore and you will be all set to go.". This assumes we have the device; Do we? I checked, and I don't. "17,218 backers pledged $470,310 to help bring this project to life." I suspect this was not nearly enough money to bring us our product, and they need to SELL product to afford covering our orders. So wait we shall, there is no way of getting around it. They don't have a good social media director, and that is unfortunate. Here is my card…web4site.net - call me. You're speaking about downloading new app versions???? Nice to hear, but no hardware available to connect with!! If you have deliverd, it didn't arrive! Check tracking informations of your sendings.... This user's account has been deleted. Not just me who was confused by the last update then! Thought I had missed the posting of the units. I really wanted this to be a success and it sounds like the software is getting better. Things must be happening on the hardware side if they are really going to ship by August. It's a shame they don't feel that any updates about that are worthwhile. I have backed a few kickstarters and most of them where a little late but I did not mind as they mostly went out of their way to explain what was going on with regular updates about the state of the hardware build and any set backs. It's the personal touch of hearing from the team that really helps carry these kickstarters so lets hear a bit more often from a personal perspective about your adventure. Thank you and good luck. I didn't got my product yet... did you sent it to everyone already? Thanks, Omri Everyone should fight back by locating every Matchstick related app on the iOS and Android app stores and flood them with 1 star ratings. On google play: "Matchstick setting" is the only one I could find so far. From the responsive interface to instant search results, everything about Fire TV Stick is fast and fluid. It’s all thanks to a dual-core processor with 6x the processing power of Roku Streaming Stick, a dedicated VideoCore4 GPU, and 8 GB of storage—4x that of Chromecast and 32x that of Roku Streaming Stick. This one far exceeds your offering? We all backed this project with the expectation to receiving it. Since then amazon have now launched the Firestick which seems extremely similar. I could go onlne and order one and have it arrive with me tomorrow. Can you please give us all an update as to when we should be receiving our rewards? Thank you I meant "...asking WHEN were they shipping"... sorry! Yesterday, after having wrote the comment everybody can read 33 or 34 comments-below this, I wrote a personal message to the team asking where were they shipping... They answered my message with "We are targeting an August deliver for the Matchstick device. Please review the Updates posted for details.". SO, YEAH, it seems we SHOULD stick to the FEBRUARY UPDATE #16, in which they stated August as delivery date... Also it seems, by their answer, it is "our fault" not to assume that, almost 4-month later, the date stated in that far-passed update, is the answer of our "suspictions"... Man, IT WOULD HAVE BEEN WAY BETTER to add a simple "The production units are going to be shipped on August" in the last updates... PLEASE, MAKE it OFFICIAL sending a new update for "non-developpers" please, it is so easy to keep people informed (and happy!), we cannot understand WHY you didn't do it yet! Would you guys like some advice on a communications strategy? The last update was good news (and hoc yay!) But the email made little sense to the majority who haven't received a unit yet. Might help to reduce the deluge of negative comments whenever you update. Without shipping hardware; what is use software updates? We need our money back.. Thank you Project reported. How hard is it to update the shipping status? Apparently this is a scam, or the creators are just extremely stupid. "Hardware: Hardware is hard! We’ve made some progress with the CPU upgrade and will have some solid info soon on the exact specs we have selected for production. We think you guys will be pleased. Should be nailed down soon. " Is it nailed down now? Has production started? What exactly will be produced. What are the milestones for the HARDWARE? Sending out SW updates without backers having the hardware is creul and dumb! First I thought that my hardware was lost in the mail! It never occured to me that Matchstick is that ST*PID to send out a message like this, without the backers having the actual hardware that is needed by the app!! The effect it had on me is making me angry as it reminded me that I payed for something that has still not shipped. NOT including ANY information about the HW in the message is plain dumb!! Please give an exhaustive report of the status of the hardware! AFTER the backers have the hardware you can refine the software! Me too! so when can we expect the devices in Holland? Whats the point of giving us apps when we don't have the device to use them with. I wish I'd never bothered with this! One of my first projects backed was for the Bluetooth keyboard "Jorno". Nearly three years late with no communication during the last two years, and yet, miraculously I received the resulting product. Not that which I invested in, as I wanted an "AZERTY" keyboard, but I can always use the "QWERTY" configuration. Maybe in three to four years after initial investment the "MatchStick" will also arrive; probably in a different configuration as defined in the initial description. As the "cast" technology is evolving this product will need to be stuck where the sun don't shine in order for it to properly synchronize with the visual device. I hope the people who received and paid for the developer version are benefitting from this product. Maybe one of you "developers" can comment on the veracity of the product? I got nufin' Still waiting on mine as well I haven't received mine either... <url>#16: "We’ve decided to release the product when it is ready, and anticipate that to be in August 2015." hopefully we will get it before it becomes a piece of out-dated equipment. will you be "kind" enough to share a ship date with your backers? How can I "give it a spin" when the device has never arrived? I'm not as upset by the delay (after all, I backed SJGames' OGRE) as I am by the cavalier attitude. I also have not received the device, when will it be shipped? Estimated delivery Feb 2015....No delivery, no update of estimation.....Where is the unit???? Please provide a shipping update please. I appreciate that this is hard work and that schedules slip. I don't appreciate a lack of communication about slippages to shipment dates. I expect you are working off a schedule and plan and know exactly when the current ship date will be. (if not, then you have MUCH bigger issues). Please!! let us know the current expected date and keep us informed of any changes as they come to light. I'd rather know bad news regarding delays, rather than no news. (especially considering the negative rumors and speculation that accompanies these lack of updates) Well... was my first Kickstarter and likely my last. This is a bit ridiculous. J'attends toujours respectez vos paroles les gars , c'est trés important une parole! I have not received my matchsticks ..... how can I apply a patch? When will they ship please? I loved the concept of this product! It was my first Kickstarter campaign. And....I totally agree with the "where's my product?" comments that came in before mine and probably 100% of those after. Some are very well stated. Looks like the app has already been pulled from the app store. I am curious why we backers are receiving emails about work towards stretch goals before the core product has been delivered? Matchstick has the ability to patch its firmware through app updates so who thought it would be a good idea to mothball the product we all paid for? Ridiculous decision, a recommendation from someone who works inside SDLC; don't pursue enhancements before reaching minimum viable product. Thanks for being polite in the updates. I still supported your campaign so I won't resort to full negativity. Anyone know a law student or recent graduate looking for a project to further their career? Or lawyer looking to move into class actions to take this on pro-bono? This project is a scam and these guys need to be held to account. So when do I get my matchstick? Or is this another first in the usa then fth off? Here's a quote from the "Campaign," under the heading "Status and Schedule," still live on this site, which reads; "The product is fully functional today, with the hardware design final, tooling complete, and manufacturing ready to ramp up in the next 30-60 days." That was a bit over eight months ago, back in Oct 2014, when I signed on as a "backer." This quote is a far cry from what has transpired since. If the design was final, and manufacture set to begin one to two months from that date, then that should have happened. Obviously, the strong "inference" by Matchstick that delivery was on schedule was false. Not so obvious is whether or not Matchstick crossed the line in misrepresenting their position to its investors. I believe many (if not most) backers would agree on both points. Some amount of delay is acceptable. Changing your business plan to after promising something else to backers and investors is not. Continuing to ignore them by no longer even trying to forecast delivery borders on fraud. That behavior certainly does nothing to foster the continued trust of its backers in Matchstick, let alone Kickstarter, and warrants banishment from this and any other crowd-funding programs. Sorry, but - you abuse, you lose . . . Hello there. I consider the delay in delivery will be worth every penny. Go Matchstick, go!!! What happened to: Estimated delivery: Feb 2015 Ships anywhere in the world ? These updated are just plain annoying to anyone who ordered one to play with... At this point I consider it wasted money. Dear fellow matchstick backers, this is exactly why they have a button called "Report this project to Kickstarter" on the campaign page. Simply go to that page and select "creator is not updating and communicating". Just so everybody is clear. The developer units shipped back in November. These are the people who are testing the new updates, etc. I believe (although i could be wrong) that the plan is still to ship the units in August. Am I right guys? Dear team of Matchstick: in your #16 update (February) you stated you were shipping the product on August... Now we are in June and it seems -according to the comments I've read- you are reluctant to state how it is going the announced shipping date. You only seem to "update" for the betatesters that went for a "developper" package. Don't you think you SHOULD stay cool with ALL the supporters and, at least, confirm IF August is going to be the shipping for everybody or not? I have had a previous BAD experience with a KS campaign and I'm NOT going to suffer it AGAIN. Please, update us (the "non-developpers")... Hi! I haven't gotten mine either. I was in hospital for a while... did I miss something? So, when we should receive the matchstick? Any approximate shipping timeframe? Has anyone actually received their Matchstick? I have not. Matchstick update - June 11, 2015 1. For those waiting for your Matchstick, we have no updates at this time. 2. For those with a Developer Unit, great news...we have a firmware update! Yeah 3. For those that are frustrated, we are truly sorry. Your backing of the project has not gone unappreciated. We have been able to put together even better videos on what the Matchstick will eventually do. Thanks! Ciao, Matchstick Development Team ------------------------------------------- Now that would have been an update worth posting! I bought last year and still did not get in Brazil. The Ad Hoc app is useless. I don't have the MatchStick product that was promised for May 2015. It's a beautiful June 2015. What's up with the product? When will it be sent? I think the least we could do is download the app and submit a bug report for them with 1 star and the bug saying "hardware not published, app cannot connect to anything" Yeah, maybe you should post some updates for the backers that aren't part of the developer program. As you can see, you've just caused mass frustration. Communicate. It's not a new concept. I came here to check what I was missing. But as I read the comments, I can quickly see that we are all in the same boat. Are we ever going to receive what we invested in? Great news for the beta testers. Seems to be only news for them every time Hey, I've been trying to update my "Matchstick" and this is all I get. What am I doing wrong? <url>"look we met our stretch goals! " others are feeling the same way as I do at this point.. I've now funded two separate technology campaigns but have seen nothing but emails with "it's coming.. Eventually". I would really like some semblance of eventually to come... Hey Matchstick Team, if you are asking for funding, you need to be updating your backers on a regular basis, like once a month with relevant information about the project, not simply updates to the firmware. Firmware updates mean nothing to the average backer of a project since they don't have a unit to update firmware on. The Matchstick Project has been mediocre, at best, when it comes to relevant project updates. Remember, when there is a lack of information, people will begin to jump to conclusions. You can't blame anyone for that other than the project team. That's business 101 - heck, it's human nature. With the time it's taking to produce this product, there should really be no excuse for more frequent (and relevant) updates to the project. Even a simple, "hey, we still hope to deliver an actual product in 2015" would be nice. :-) Very disappointing update, no mention of expected shipping date. I'm sure lots of people are considering a refund to go and buy chromecasts or amazon firesticks instead. Please for the sanity of your backers, give regular updates and be honest and transparent about progress. Thought I missed something. Glad to see nobody has theirs yet. NOT! The pseudonym is jackie chan...g Does anybody know where he is ??? In hawaii or china or russia or northkorea ???? or is this only an avatar or so ???? I have not received the device, when will it be shipped? Federal regulators are starting to go after people who start kickstarters for products they never produce. www.startribune.com/federal-regulators-go-after-crowdfunding-scam/306944621/ How long until they go after these guys. 470k$ are enough for holidays on hawaii for a long time yeah you virtual non existing matchboxteam.... f***ck you Definitely a waste of money. Well built robbery, nice work. Worst update ever! "Try this with your new matchsticks...." Why don't you send them out and we will try them out! Major disconnect from reality. When are they shipping? LoL the team is in holiday on hawaii and laugh.... about us silly people. next live i make such a fake kickstart project and get so much money for nothing ... and chicks for free.... Here's a suggestion – Send out your product before you ask people to test it. Bug #1: Device not found! Here's a template that you can use if you'd like: Hi, I'd like a refund of my pledge. I do not have faith in your ability to produce a product, nor am I interested in the product at all. Your terrible lack of communication has destroyed all trust and good faith that was built up during the funding period. Please send my pledge to EMAIL_ADDRES via paypal. This is the same email address that my Kickstarter account is registered to. @TWITTER_HANDLE Got an email to test the new firmware but how can i test it if I don't have the product. We need an update on the expected ship dates. Where is my product Everybody who feels like we're not receiving enough information got the the campaign page and scroll to bottom. Tap report to kickstarter. Give reason, I tapped Post funding issues. Will see what happens. How can we test this without receiving our matchstick ????? Could you at least say when we will receive it? I'm so disappointed by matchstick team and project :( Ask That accompany this project . The guys take a long time to make a monthly report . And still lag for sending in 6 months. We help , we want respect. An update on when us normal people could expect to receive a device would be great. I didnt spend much on this, but I've already went and bought two Chromecasts in the time I've spent waiting for this product. About to ask for a refund real soon to get another one if this doesnt change. Did I missed my delivery? I too am feeling very disappointed by this campaign. How long have we been waiting? Updates that provide no detailed launch info. Kickstarter, I think you may need to intervene here soon as this is starting to spiral out of control. "So give it a spin and let us know how you like it." OK but first I need my Matchstick... :/ Where is this mysterious product? Agree with the other comments and posts I've seen here. I have received no Matchstick so it is rather useless to attempt to use SW when now HW is in hand. Might be time to call me credit card company and tell them to charge back my funds because they never delivered my product. If enough of us do that I bet there will a higher level of communication! The latest update asked us to "give it a spin and let us know how you like it". How do I do that if I have not yet received a device!?! Did they ship and I didn't get one? New features have little value if there is no product to use them on. Please provide meaningful delivery updates with theses posts. Same issue here. You keep posting on new features and evolutions and call to new backers... but when will we get delivered ? How about an update for the masses? The backers that have been waiting to hear something about ACTUALLY RECEIVING THE PRODUCT WOULD be more excited about your latest story if WE ACTUALLY HAD THE PRODUCT!!! SO WHERE IS THE REASONABLE UPDATE FOR THAT? Hi, I've not yet reçeived mine ? Is it normal ? Thanks for your reply, regards, Christine Lesourd Refund please. 4 months overdue. Am i going to get a matchstick in this lifetime? The latest update made no reference to the actual product - what is wrong with you guys? Even a simple "every thing looks on tract for august delivery makes a lot of difference" If you guys just refund my money, i'll go buy my chromecast, thank you very much.. It's disappointing that there has not been an update regarding delivering units to backers in months. I don't get this either.... Providing the actual product to your very loyal (!!) backers should be top priority. Backers that didn't get their reward actually don't care about new features of a product that they have yet to receive. Not mentioning 1 word about production progress or shipping ETA is not very backer-friendly and draws a lot of suspicion. Guys, I think it's fair to share some updates about getting the stick to the people that believe in your product. Sounds great indeed. Now, how about getting the product to people who funded it? :) Please? Any idea when backers will see their Matchstick? Sounds great if I had received one. Timeline seems to say Feb 2015....and it is June. Very disappointed. Still received nothing too... > Have I just contributed to a virtual one ? Dont think we will ever seen them delivered :( Still havent received mine... Still haven't received mine. I thought they were supposed to ship a while ago, and I'm still getting updates that talk like I should already have one. What's the deal? Hello Thomas, You are correct. We are backing a project, not "buying things". On the flip side, if you are asking for funding, you need to be updating your backers on a regular basis, like once a month with relevant information about the project, not simply updates to the firmware. Firmware updates mean nothing to the average backer of a project since they don't have a unit to update firmware on. The Matchstick Project has been mediocre, at best, when it comes to relevant project updates. Remember, when there is a lack of information, people will begin to jump to conclusions. You can't blame anyone for that other than the project team. That's business 101 - heck, it's human nature. With the time it's taking to produce this product, there should really be no excuse for more frequent (and relevant) updates to the project. Even a simple, "hey, October 2015 still looks live an accurate target date" would be nice. :-) Deacon, this is a large project with a large budget. I don't think you coming in here and violating the ToS of the site is making things any better. KS is for projects that aren't getting funding normally so this is to be expected. This may be a scam, but your attitude isn't helping anything. I've seen projects like this and they usually ship. But, whining isn't helping anybody. I vote we start bugging them on twitter as well. I just posted a request for an update <url>"disgusting" it's how these scam artists are treating their backers. Keep in mind that we backed a campaign that flat out stated "The product is fully functional today, with the hardware design final, tooling complete, and manufacturing ready to ramp up in the next 30-60 days" only to see that the project starters (apparently having nothing in their hands except vaporware) just started designing a completely new product that none of us asked for with the money we gave them for something else entirely - and again I remind you that said something else was supposed to go into production immediately. So yeah, this is either a flat out scam or one of the worst bait-and-switches I've ever witnessed. Either way, the complete lack of communication from the creators is appalling and speaks volumes about the absolute disdain these a-holes have for the people who paid for their project. Plus, each day without any shred of communication makes it more probable that they just took the money and ran off. any update? I think they should post something even if they just confirm that they're still planning to ship in August. I also think that the comments here are rather disgusting. There have been overruns, but Ican't think of any other projects I've backed that didn't have overruns. And with the change of specs there's going to be more time needed. I normally expect tech projects to overrun and had difficult times however it is disgraceful that you are not communicating with all the backers. it would would take just a hour or so to summarised where things are at . Silence from you leaves us all to believe that this is scam and that you have done a runner with the money. Please be honest with us Worst purchase ever! I just want my refund :( Lay back... its supposed to ship in August! Update or no update, its still a kick ass product. Give them some time and chill out! How do I get a refund again? Contact you directly? I think if no updates like "well done, we ready to send" come till and of June - it means that all this project are bulls**t and it's time to ask for refund. Frendly speaking - it's already time to ask money back, 50 day till Aug with current project status (no FW, HW under negotiation, it it's true and so one). Seriously could use an update. This is pretty awful interaction with your backers. Anyone want to write any of the tech blogs to light a fire under the matchstick team? How can I get my money back? Don't want to wait anymore There are no updates. So click on Campaing and at the bottom of the page there is a report button to report the project to Kickstarter. I've just done it. Regards. The worst baking experience ever new update please Is there any new updates ???? This is a joke. Where is my Matchstick after so long. No update and no one in the team bother to reply. I WANT MY REFUND ASAP! PLEASE REPLY ON MY MESSAGE! I still have not received. Sent to all? //Another one bites the dust. Where is the stick ? No stick, no news ? C´mon. Why is the Companion App published by a chinese Company (Infthink Beijing)? Has the Matchstick-Team moved to China? Seriously, if they don't write the Software themselves, then it's no surprise why all this mess takes so long. Wtf is this another scam ? When is the eta? "Last login Jun 2 2015" and no update yet?? come on.. I wrote a message via Kickstarter for refund and got a reply within a day. It's a bit confusing, very fast reply to mails but no response here or some updates Wow, there are plenty of stupid people here! It is supposed to ship in AUGUST. An update is due guys please Just got home to see to see matchsticks on my table going to put one in my TV and try it out. Whoops didn't read box properly just set fire to TV but had more fun with these matchsticks and at least they are out now. this is what you posted on your kickstart page, it's now June 4 months late. What's up?: $34 reward, 4,581 backers, The 2-Pack - Two Matchsticks. The perfect bundle for two rooms, or use one when you travel! Free shipping in the United States, add $5 for international shipping. Estimated delivery: Feb 2015 Ships anywhere in the world when will I receive my matchstick? It's sad when you type 'Matchstick Kickstarter' and the word that immediately follows in Google's suggestions is 'refund'. I've tried applying for a refund and will try again. The lack of updates and honesty throughout is very, very poor. I wouldn't even had minded a delay if these developers were very open and responsive, but they simply aren't. Hey. How about an update? Thanks. How come I still did not receive my Matchstick ? I paid my share ages ago. Could you please inform me ? How come I still did not receive my Matchstick ? I paid my share ages ago. Why is the app live and receiving updates in the App Store? Who has one of the Matchsticks to need the app? "Stay tuned in April for more updates - Onward!" - April 1st This "project" is such an obvious scam. You showed us some vaporware that wasn't even designed hardware-wise (let alone software) and claimed you were gold and mass production would start immediately, then you took our money and have been hiding ever since except to gracefully inform us that you've gotten into bed with Netflix et.al... It's shit like this that gives Kickstarter a bad name. Due to your update I know it will take its time to develop/produce this update, but I would love to see more frequent updates on this project :) @Daniel: I think that they said that they will ask for your shipping address per mail before they start delivering the devices. (And then you can tell them your new address) Somehow I get a familiar feeling about this project. Is this another one by Dimitri Albino under a different name? Something like smartduino on Kickstarter or the BE MAKER!KIT on Indiegogo? Both big scams... Any word on when we'll receive these? Any ideia of when we are going to receive the stick due in Februrary ? Poor show. Hurts your product and Kickstarter. Please provide some meaningful updates to those who backed you. It's part of your responsibility and your accountability to those who paid you. Thank you! Any updates guys? June nearly upon us and you said August. Is this still the case? When will I get my matchstick??? Wow! still no update, poor show guys, you take your backers for granted you only had to tap out two lines a month to keep us who made all this possible in the loop, you treat your backers with utter contempt. I guess the next update will be in August to stall again. Is this project even still live? If there is some good reason for the lack of update & it's all going to plan in the background SHARE! if you've spent all our money and we'll get nothing SHARE! if there is any hope of delivery in August as promised you must have something to say our faith & expectations are super low! This project has outlasted my lease. I am sure this will be lost in the noise, so I will yell: I AM MOVING, HOW DO I UPDATE MY SHIPPING ADDRESS? Honestly, I backed this because I already owned a FireTV Stick and a ChromeCast so I wanted to see the other alternative. The creators had made it sound like they were FAR closer to actual production and final product than they clearly were. This project is going in my book as a failure. Poor communication does not leave a good taste in anyone's mouth. Send me the Matchstick whenever you get it finished. Sounds like that's later this year? If you don't have something to me by the end of 2015, I'll be asking for a refund for sure. Any word on the final hardware specs? When I get my stick ?! Stop asking for your Matchstick... "We’ve decided to release the product when it is ready, and anticipate that to be in August 2015" I'm still waiting my matchstick, is this a real project or what ? Hi, I still didn't get my matchstick yet. no matter what we write , no one will read it or no one will care Does anyone have clue about when we backers will get our hands on this device. An approximate date will be good. Only I did not get the device? (Estimated delivery: Feb 2015) Are there any news besides a firmware update. About 1 month since last update. You guys sure know how to handle the people that were trying to help you. Good Job guys. Hello, Are you planning to give us some updates anytime soon? Where did all our money go? Hello, Looking for an update about progress and/or shipment of the Matchstick. -Backer Any news on how the Hardware is coming along? Waited and waited, now going to buy another Chromecast, sort of makes me a defector! Michael Perkins practically 2 months from Delivery.... Are there any specifications ? Sounds like they took our money just to build the platform for other manufacturers. (Panasonic, TCL, Philips.... etc) and of course to have some fun in Vegas... :| Almost June Hello, when the matchstick is going to be ready to send? Is there any problem? Hello, how far are you? I'm still waiting for my Stick! Greatings from Germany Gerhard Hello. I know Kickstarter is kind of a lottery.. and I am realy patient. Though I would highly suggest to You (the team behind this) to be a bit more talkative about what is going on. Microsoft even updates more frequent ;-) After all, yeah I am a backer, still feel like an investor.. so let your investors know what you are doing with their money. Thx è incredibile che ancora non è pronto il prodotto. come faccio ad essere rimborsato? Hi all bakers, It's about time for some action, about a month since last update, as far as I remember in the delay from Feb they spoke about may and may is almost over. So if you have any suggestion let me know, my suggestion if to flood every social network page related to Mozila. Sahar Malka. so how many years after original recieving date would delivery be, just curious. Hey, look at the pebble kickstarter-side every 7 to 10 days an update... Look and learn matchstick-team Hello andrew you robot, where are you ? ;-))))) ...reboot... Please insert kickstart disk... The first TV with Firefox OS is out! <url>"Sorry, we've screwed this and that up. Here's how we're trying to fix that. Stand by." You're creating uncertainty and feeding the trolls right now. When can we expect delivery? I thought Andrew was going to be keeping us all up to date with developments as they happened & improving on the previous poor communication, earth to Andrew come in Andrew - Houston is there a problem? Do you need to postpone delivery (again!)? Something must be happening so us backers would like to know what the current position is, please talk to us it's not a whole lot to ask. I would like to know if this a dead project? @Maxedaddy Which app do u use for mirroring with the fire tv stick? Meanwhile in the real world. My Firestick & Chromecast both mirror whatever i need and play whatever i need and eventually the Matchstick will become pointless if not already. They were supposed to get us this before the Firestick caught on with better specs then the Chromecast but Matchsick won't have that and by the time it comes out, there will be even better products on the market. Matchstick will become pointless. I think the creators know that so they are basically just keeping the money and using it towards building something different and we will never get what we paid for. I think I enjoy reading the comments and how angry everyone is more than any other campaign I have backed. It's been worth the $34 just so I would periodically check the comments and the responses to the updates. Since there has been no update on new hardware specs, I think it is safe to assume they still haven't been finalized. An August 2015 ship date is practically impossible on those grounds. But hey, I'm sure there will be an "update" in July telling us that the Matchstick gang has made another deal with yet another DRM service - implementing which is going to take time of course, but the final product will offer a MUCH better experience - and the units will DEFINITELY ship by Christmas. I am sure matchstick will be great! The delays are disappointing but I for one am still behind you guys and just letting life go on. All the negativity is not helping and Firefox is not a backyard business trying to rip anyone off. I am sure these delays were not avoidable and not the outcome of lazy misguided actions. What about some feedback for your backers? Why is it so damm late? Well, I'm waiting for my matchstick too, but I guess angry comments and especially personal insults are not helpful at all. Probably they encountered more problems than expected. A little more information for the backers about the situation would be great / necessary, though. But when will start ship February units? Pela minha contribuição eu ainda não recebi o matchstick! Terei direito à uma peça? With the vaccuum of updates, I have one question are we still on target for the revised delivery in August, I had understood new hardware specs would be released as soon as they were finalised, which leads me to believe they haven't yet been agreed, therefore are you now cutting it fine for an August delivery or am I worrying unnecessarily? All us backers really need to know is what are we now getting? and when are we getting it? An update would be much appreciated - thanks Excellent article from New York Times regarding crowdfunding. <url>"They [ZPM] also hired outside consultants on retainer — paid professionals who were, in spirit, the very opposite of backers, since they had no extramonetary commitment to ZPM’s success. When one of those consultants demanded, in the spring of 2014, that the project act like a “real start-up” and go into what people in Silicon Valley often call “stealth mode,” the updates came to an abrupt halt. The founders hoped that by posting their email addresses and phone numbers, and offering to field queries and complaints in person, they might assuage the backer community, but this plan, in hindsight, seemed misbegotten. It only confirmed for the backers that their one plank of accountability — the public nature of the story on offer — had been withdrawn." "Matchstick.tv says: We are targeting an August deliver for the Matchstick device. Please review the Updates posted for details. Matchstick Team" I asked them what the status eas, so jusy hold on people. When this project started at the beginning of Oct 2014 the promise was for Feb 2015, 4 months to produce the device from a working prototype. Now it is the end of Apr 2015 which leaves 4 months for the manufacturing process before Aug 2015. To be able to meet that date the project should be in the same state e.g. PCB layout ready, prototype with the target hardware ... It might be a good idea to update everyone with the current status to avoid disappointment later because it looks like Aug 2015 is unlikely as a shipping date where is my matchstick that I invested in? Same as Richard Saville: An update just about developer unit firmware...with no mention of any kind of progress update for the backers that gave you the money to even exist? You guys are a serious bunch of clowns. I wish I never backed this pathetic project. Man up, take responsibility, and spend 15 minutes writing another update to your backers - regardless of the message. Where is my Matchstick??? All burned out?? Beautiful, a maintenance release for hardware that will never be shipped. To help you out for next update I would suggest something like this: - hardware is hard - software is soft - nowhere is here now Well, this is total scam. It is as simple as that, if you got time to crack jokes make phone calls and eat even have a smoke, you well have the time to make on going updates. Many of people these days are filled with ego and use words without meaning, such as we need you without you it wouldn't have been possible, most of us are backing projects because we believe in the guy,girl next door possibility to change the game or bring evolution to any type of product. Apologies are not made and an obligation to be accepted. Loooong story short, just don't be arrogant with the ones who help you make what it is, yes we are the starting kick, you don't exist without is, so be gentle and updates us in the regular basics it is always better than nothing and big apologies. Why, well you already have our money... And as basic as it may sound there is a pattern here all KS project lack in their majority clear basic simple communications with it backers. So don't blame us for not trusting you when you breach the trust first. An update just about developer unit firmware...with no mention of any kind of progress update for the backers that gave you the money to even exist? You guys are a serious bunch of clowns. I wish I never backed this pathetic project. Man up, take responsibility, and spend 15 minutes writing another update to your backers - regardless of the message. While we did back you to get your company off the ground, we also backed you with the promise of payback. (As every investor would.) If you can't hit deadlines I don't see a lot of future for your company. (Why do so many Kickstarters feel it's ok to lie about deadlines then ignore them like they weren't given in the first place.) We are the investors of this company, and you have a legal obligation to own up to the return on our investment (Like any investment.) This is why the terms of our investment is supposed to be unable to be changed. If the money you borrowed from us was a Bank loan you would not only get stiff penalties, but if you were more than a few months late they would seize the assets of the business equal to the amount owed. So how about a refund Matchstick. Please contact me. I know at least one person is going thru these comments. When are we supposed to receive our Matchstick? I haven't seen anything yet. I never received a Matchstick ?? OK, there is un update today (4/28). Unfortunately: "a maintenance release with fixes including memory leak, EMMC issue, and HDMI output display errors". So, no update on product progress or manufacture, just a bunch of fixes... Fixes after fixes... I feel bad about myself with my stupid commitment. Has some new forecast sending? "Stay tuned in April for more updates - Onward!" You guys really aren't missing any chance to make this project look like a scam? Constantly delaying updates (the march one ended up in April, the April one will probably land in may or june, etc.) and changing specs. Not to be that guy but you guys might want to hurry up and drop an update and start production on product, you're the last to the game and so far the rest of the field has started to solidify and make improvements to their systems and with no product out yet to get your name into the market, you're only hurting yourself in the longrun. Stay tuned in April for more updates - Onward! Plus de mise à jour en Avril ? Il reste 4 jours.... vont-ils y parvenir ? Hi Andrew, in the last update you guys said "Stay tuned in April for more updates - Onward!" which sounded very promising. Since end of April is nearing: could I/we get another one? Preferably with some technical specs (did you decide on the CPU?) and a schedule. Thanks a lot & Looking forward to hearing from you! Of course "we" want the company to succeed, why would "we" want a product and then get no support because the company crashed? Who is so stupid to think that "we" don't want the company to succeed!? "basically, we didn't back you to make a successful company" That's exactly why the average person backs on KS. So yeah, speak for yourself. What's this "we" crap? LOL! basically, we didn't back you to make a successful company, so we don't care about your PR. we want to know the product we backed for. or apparently the product that replaced it. and that's all. If we want to know more about the companies events we'll go to twitter or something. So you decided to upgrade the hardware. One part of me is actually cool about that, that you went behind my back and made a decision that I would have made myself if you asked me. But you didn't ask and that makes my other part sad :( But I don't really wait for this. Actually forgot about this project until i went to KS to mark another project as received. I would like to see: The end of these insanely hipster updates with fluff, clouds, rainbows and smiling unicorns. Give me a raw blog, with not so thought-out post that gives me the actual progress of the matchstick in a developers wording (and not this PR nonsense). I don't really care if you got a support person or if you are going to an event. Just skip these long updates and give us small, not so well phrased and peppy updates please. 17,218 backers pledged $470,310 to help bring this project to life. ... probably not enough.. All those ennoying emails about exhibitions, spending to much energy to promote something what does not exist.. spenidng ,5M ... fack ya I this company expects to eventualy succeed they are going to have to do something extra for those those who pledged the working funds that have apparently already been spent on what is so far a failure. Perhaps they need an incentive to avoid losing any good will or continued support from backers. Starting today they must offer something of value to every single backer for each additional month that it takes to succeed. You received the money now prove that you are serious about following through with what you promised. Otherwise the only comments that will appear will be about the fraud being perpetrated by your group on those who in good faith contributed financially. On homepage you will see this. Meet us at INTX in Chicago May 5-7 Is there any of us backers close enough, to go there and try to get information ? Joseph> My guess is that Andrew is busier than expected with his class schedules, and I think it's fair enough that for him college comes before whatever he's doing here counts as (Internship/Volunteer work/Part-time job). It's April - Be ready for more updates ? It's April 20. Not too many updates. Is the day job getting in the way of developing a completed product? Here is what is going to happen Deacon.... like other Kickstarters like this deceptive pile of dung, they will get a DRM working, Netflix enabled, "Us Too" stick like everyone else that already have this. Then they will try to sell it on Amazon and gather a BUNCH of hate comments in the "Rate this product" section. This will eventually drive their sales down. This probably will be our only retaliation avenue available to us as the last hurrah. Yeah right, "fuck comments, answering those publicly would publicly embarrass us, we'd rather you STFU in public and then we can talk via direct messages." Wow Andrew, still with the old arrogance and dismissing all public criticism? As I said on a comment to your latest "update", kindly fuck off with that attitude. A T-shirt is ok.. a Hoodie would be fine... but a micro sd card slot would make it divine. I can still dream... Right? Lot of comments on here. Maybe the people that are still supporting you and want you to still deliver a awesome product you reward them. So go a head and send all the backers all T-shirts and stickers because you love us! "Thanks for the update, but I'd rather have the product I thought I was getting instead of waiting." "explain to them that people backed 1 thing and now something else is being pushed on us. We all want the original thing we pledge for." "I paid for the old version, even if that's not the latest and greatest thing on the market!" Today, as I was trying to mirror something from my desktop to my TV, I was thinking, 'I sure wish I had the Matchsticks I bought and was promised so long ago.'. The ones I thought I was going to get would have done the job I bought them for. I hate having to wait another ??? months for something that is going to duplicate the Roku I bought months ago to hold me over until Feb..., I mean Aug....whenever it actually happens. As we can see, Andrew already took the philosophie of matchstick. There is no feedback, even for a simple questions like changing the address. Let me give a comment to all telling others how kickstarter works. Today I got a reward from another kickstarter project (Espruino). - we got more than 10 helpful status updates - delivery of reward expected for april came in today - there is a small addon for free - feedback on forum mostly takes less than a day This is how good kickstarter projects work. Compare to matchstick by yourself @Andrew Any news? Nope, they sure don't. They're clueless as to how KS works. Do people not read the updates? what is the current status of my matchstick ? Is it supposed to be delivered at Feb. 2014 ? How soon I can get them ? where can I change my delivery address? Add me to the list of people who doesn't care about Netflix. Actually all I wanted was an open "hackable" streaming stick that supports DIAL. Perhaps foolishly, I ordered a 10 pack because I got excited by this project. The market is crowded with broken solutions which have catered to the whims of the content industry and try to control things. What appealed to me was this project was/is taking an open approach. Dare to be different. Why were all backers not notified by e-mail? Delays are OK with me, but I expect to be notified. I shouldn't have to search for information any more than I should have to search for a late date. I'm confused as to why they would hire someone to manage kick starter comments and complaints if they don't know anything more than we do. so basically Andrew is not here to help, mediate, or be our man on the inside, but instead just here to fulfill refunds. I am extremely disappointed in this project and completely regret backing it. I backed this project because it was supposed to be ready to manufacture and based on open standards as much as possible. I did not get this because I want another hdmi stick that can run Netflix. This is the kind of bait-and-switch that has made me hesitate to back these sorts of projects in the past. I will definitely not be backing another project from Matchstick because they've shown themselves to be less than upfront about their plans. Can you update us about the dates please ? When we will be able to receive our device ? I can't see any update about the dates. as usual.. he cant actually use his mind and respond to peoples messages.. all he has is canned rhetoric and fake sympathy.. I have never felt so deceived by a cheating organization as matchstick is. Also asked for refund ages ago - no money for anybody. What about authorizing a lawyer together? 5 more Dollar from everybody and somebody will sue for our payment and justice update #17 is a nice eastergift :) i hope you make a good communication andrew and updates come in a regular manner, every month or so ? i stay tuned and good luck andrew Hopefully the DRM will be handled by the FirefoxOS sandbox, and not by another intrusive always-on mechanism. Anyway, I hope this gets delivered soon. The waiting is killing me. Hey Andrew.. seeing as how your gonna be the new "face" of customer service, please explain to me why, when i asked for a refund the same day they told everyone it would be late and supplied them with the required info not once.. or twice.. but 3 (three) times and i STILL have yet to see a refund.. i then sent them yet another email on the 9th of march asking about it and got some bullshit response that it cleared on 2/24 and they would have to check with accounting and i havent heard anything since.. so seeing as your the new face of customer service, maybe you can get off your dead ass and see why the fuck my money hasnt been refunded like this piece of shit dev team has promised for the last 2 fucking months.. be nice??.. be respectful??, be considerate??..nah.. you people (and i use that term lightly) have lied to and jacked people around for far to long.. instead of wanting to be all touchy feely why dont you do what you promise.. then maybe some respect and courtesy could be afforded to you.. I would like a refund as well. How do I go about this? Nice, Andrew comes in for 1 day, replied to few DMs and post few comments here and thats it. You guys are nobody to them, just take it as you told. Its kickstarter this is expected. You are expected to be scammed ah, under the update. nm. Regarding Amazon Transaction ID - just check your emails, you should have ID in email about successfull payment. About all situaton. It looks loke they just start do something (hope so), and all words about "ready for ramp up at Dec" are not true. Andrew, can you please show us developer version? Um, where's my comment from yesterday? Next update will be ; we're going fot Android. Was going to send a direct message for a refund but it sounds like they get ignored, and with no oneone publically replying to these comments, I think I might just get my bank to reverse the transaction under the banner of fraud or good not received. If I was 'Andrew' (If he's even a real person ), I would have done an all nighter replying to comments, just to show that MatchStick are listening. This is already the end for you guys and you've not even released your first product...give people what they backed I.e. the product described! If I order a new car, I don't expect a call telling me I'll have to wait a year for it as they're making a new version...! I paid for the old version, even if that's not the latest and greatest thing on the market! Nope..! I will not let you from the hook. No refund for me. Hopefully your internal motivational slogan is "Deliver or die" ;-) Matchstick.ty: We hate to see you go… but if you still would like to back out of Matchstick, please reply with your Amazon Transaction ID (the long alphanumeric Transaction ID on your original purchase record from Amazon) and send it to us along with your full name and email address you used for the original purchase, and the purchase amount. Once we receive all this information from you, we will process your refund through Amazon as soon as we can. The time it will take to process your refund will depend on Amazon and your credit card company. Please contact us should you have any additional questions. Thanks for your support and patience, Matchstick Team my Answer: the sale of the Mach 2 Stick carried out as known on Kickstarter on my account was paid by entering my credit card number. I have no amazon transaction id, such a number is not on my credit card statement from 30/10/2014 because the purchase was recorded! Matchstick.tv has received $ 39 Kick starter com / with the transaction id at 408-97xxxxxxx from 30 Sep 2014! They will not tell me in all serious, by this ID can not verifiziren my payment? I really have no more to ensure it is outrageous, as you grow old is understanding! So I demand a unique position exception when I get my money back! this is the second time that I write you this, meien first message to you got on Mar 3, 2015! ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- they play on time and there is no refund! in any case it can not see anything else here!! If the DRM people are going to dictate the operation of this product then I am going to have to opt for a refund. DRM kills Open Source, ask the Boxee Box backers. So WHEN can I get the stuff? where can I send a "Direct Message" to matchstick? I would like a refund too. Thanks for the update, but I'd rather have the product I thought I was getting instead of waiting. Yes, there's always the risk that the project is going to pull a bait-and-switch on you. That doesn't excuse the behavior. Open source and transparency. @Willem Boogers you missing a point completely. I suggest you go read few pages of comments to catch up. Backing a project on KS comes with risks. When you need solid guarantees go to a shop... Andrew good luck here. @Matchstick.tv good that we got some one here to answer questions. Now please go back to the team and explain to them that people backed 1 thing and now something else is being pushed on us. We all want the original thing we pledge for. I would like a refund as well. Waiting way too long now. "Fire TV Stick lets you mirror your phone or tablet to your TV" I am paying them double what I paid you BUT I will have it in 2 days AND I will get exactly what I want. And I bet if there is something wrong with it or it doesn't preform like it is supposed to and I ask them for a refund, I will actually receive it. So, Andrew, will you be the one who works out the pile of refunds requested here? I asked several times for a refund - no reaction. And I'm really angry about the matter of fact that Kickstarter shows no reaction when complaining because of your mismanagement of the project. I would like a refund as well. Waiting way too long now. Bought an Apple tv because of all the waiting here Terrible. "Better late than never", really? Do you mean that we should be grateful that you posted an update at all, that you could've just stopped posting updates? You guys are unbelievable. You received $470,310 which a decent amount of money and just disappeared with it. You're using it for a product that you'll sell and make money of, and you're paying yourselves salaries while we, the "micro-investors" receive updates each time a moon sighting coincides with the berber new year and the beginning of a bisextile gregorian year. I don't care about the $20. I care about abusing Mozilla's image for this totally under-productive project. If you keep repeating "hardware is hard... ughh, we need 3 more months for a prototype", maybe you shouldn't do a hardware-heavy project like this one after all? I wanted a device to hack on, not something that supports DRM and netflicks. I'm tried of waiting for this product to be released, I ended up buying a Chromecast. I would like my money back. I don't need a Chromecast and a matchstick. Does Kickstarter do refunds? LOL or should i say stay tuned I asked for a refund several weeks ago - still no reply! Going to ask my bank to reverse the transaction now - which will cost matchstick more - unless you get back to me by 02/04/2015 at 12h00 GMT This guys are just unbelievable ! Thats all I can say. Hope the news today isn't just an April fool's prank to excuse their overdue deadline. Is it possible to get a refund? These additional features are not something i am interested in. this is way overdue. I wonder about the clothing or as they call it swag. Has anyone received that yet or are they redeveloping those also? I would like to know if the 250 backers of the developers unit have gotten there's yet? Next they will delay shipping to change the design to swivel like another hdmi stick soon to be released. Come on guys, GIVE US THE ORIGINAL PRODUCT THAT WE BACKED! Hey, a long over due update on April's Fool Day... Go figure! We were all fooled on this project as it was mis-advertised by you. How do we get a refund??? Thanks for the update. I'm not surprised people are bothered by some of the changes, though the difference between "that's not what I wanted to fund" and "that's not what I wanted to buy" in the complaints sometimes read as more the latter even though they proclaim the prior. Still, I'm used to these types of projects sometimes flaming out spectacularly - I backed L8 years ago and got a broken unit after over a year delay. I got mad for a minute and then just moved on, knowing that's what happens with these prototypes. Good luck to Andrew - you are walking into a bit of a hornets' nest. I need a refund... I already requested once and there was no response... I love that we got an update, but an update on April's Fool...? =/ Finally an update. Andrew is going to have a hard time on ks in gues 2 months after they were supposed to ship and you guys still don't know what processor you're going to use. This is the kind of stuff you figure out BEFORE coming to Kickstarter. If you guys keep up this level of incompetence you could apply to work for the Government. > Also, our progress with (…) Microsoft This doesn't sound good. Clarify this "progress" and the end-game with this partner, please. > Remember, just because we will support DRM, does not mean you have to… ;) Indeed. That's exactly why people are trying to leave this boat. Requested a refund and no answer. ¿? 17,218 backers pledged $470,310 to help them get screwed in the ass. 17,218 backers pledged $470,310 to help send the developers to Vegas! 17,218 backers pledged $470,310 to help bring DRM to a home near you! 17,218 backers pledged $470,310 to help create something that everyone else already has. Matchstick Team: Please !!!! update us with something! anything! at least say "hey, we are here"... The question is who needs DRM ??? Is there any backer who wants this kripple feature ? I say no, i want an open HDMI-Stick with a open community who makes open software . Best example is Pebble , they have a realistic goal, the backers know for what they pay , they made funny watchfaces and -apps for their pebble. when matchsticktv want to make a commercial product to sell that's nothing for what i want to be a backer. For streaming netflix, hulu or so i buy a chromecast or FireTVstick, which are no open systems, but are best for such things. Requested a refund. Hope you keep your promise! I can't wait to get my matchstick years from now when they'll no longer be worth having!!! Oh and the DRM such great feels!!! Hi everyone, any updates on the current status of the project ? hopefully an ETA for the 17k+ backers ? we all had faith in the project, as mentioned by others kickstarter is not a store but is used to start projects that would never be realized for lack of investment, keeping my support, I suggest the team matchstick update all progress so to reassure "investors" good job at all !!! Kickstarter is NOT a shop. Backers need to understand this.. What you do here is a investment and it comes with risks. If you think that you shouldn't invest in Kickstarter projects because one project failed to deliver then you are on the right track. The KS community would be better off without you and your money. This is no way means that I support a dead project such as this one, but I just want to reach out to people who are blaming Matchstick for their own decision to not back another KS project. I think this project is more or less dead. No answers or update from matchstick team is a bad sign, isn't it ? I've ordered a firetv stick for the same price, and he shipped at mid april. 23 $ are for the last and only kickstarter campaign i backed. I ordered 5 peace. Well i just wait and see what i can do them when i get these, waitting is allways hard, but it made good to me ;) Bye-Bye dinero. I was so excited, I ordered 15 units. My bad! I've just asked for a refund via a Kickstarter message to Matchstick, mentioning my Amazon Transaction ID. Let's see if Matchstick can at least keep it's promise about the refund. I live in France I have not received and I'm not the only one I think it'll be finished to invest with kickstarter because it should check anyway The latest Firefox Beta for Android just came out and it Has Matchstick support. So they still hard at work even though its cool to hate them right now.. Their last update was 2/7. Looks like these guys have gone completely silent. Why is there any response - directly or by comments - to the request of a refund? Again: I hereby request the full amount of my pledge to be refunded. Please acknowledge this in a reasonable period of time. Take no small slips, shit happens. Doug, could you possibly be any more ridiculous? Can get a Fire TV Stick in the UK for £20 or for £7.00 with Prime. Looks like MatchStick has missed the market. By the time August comes around it's going to be an also ran in market already dominated by Google and Amazon. Feels like Sony in the eReader market. Great technology but missed the opportunity. I suspect that I've lost my $18 and any future Kickstarter campaign by anyone has lost me as a backer. It is unfortunate that people such as those at MatchStick are ruining the crowdfunding ideal. I suspect in a couple of years, people will say "Remember that Kickstarter thing that fizzled out, that was a good idea. Too bad it didn't work". Update please! Ordered fire tv stick today ... The silence on this from the Matchstick guys is suspicious. I've given up on seeing anything out of this project, but think about it - even if they are doing what they said they are going to do, the silence is killing any goodwill that the Matchstick brand might build. This silence, and refusal to reassure backers shows a glaring contempt for all of us. And contempt is not going to get us any cool hardware. Who are the Matchstick guys, and how do us backers make sure this debacle follows them and means they don't scam anyone else ever again? @Matthew Mausbach: I would expect Kickstarter to intervene on behalf of the backers because @Matchstick is not exactly cooperating... I would like a refund for what I pledged. Please contact me so that I can get the refund process started. f*** i feel ike am on indigogo Thought I'd share my two cents before my dispute with my bank goes through and I can't (because I'll no longer be a backer according to Kickstarter). I gave them the info they requested for a refund (so obviously I want one, but am not going to start a flame war of why) on the 5th of March. Waited until the 15th of March, and heard nothing. Wasn't even notified if I was being put on a list or anything. Kickstarter straight up didn't care, just started reading me their TOS. Amazon wanted to be helpful, but it was well past 90 days (because there was no dispute before we were told how we wouldn't be receiving them), so they suggested I call the bank. Called the bank, and ran a chargeback. Very sad to see this idea get twisted, but lying about giving refunds is a whole separate matter -- one I will not tolerate having given them an additional half a month to sort out. Didn't even hear a 'thanks for the info, you've been added to the pile'; I was purely ignored. @ohad chen: What are they supposed to do? Especially when they have the following message right next to where you enter your pledge: IMPORTANT Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. It is the responsibility of the project creator to complete their project as promised, and the claims of this project are theirs alone. It then provides a link to read more about accountability: <url>#202, San Jose, CA 95110. Looks like an office building with a lot of places. In Google I found companys pointing to place 202 in this building: - RTX AMERICA, INC - <url>`m so confused as to what people think kickstarter and crowd funding is. Based on people saying positive things about this project, I can see how "there is a sucker born every minute" saying is so true. You guys fail to understand that you back an idea yes, not an actual product yet. But they idea you back, is what they should be working on and try to deliver it to you in a timely fashion. There are issues along they way and delays etc... and I`m 100% sure that 99% of people would get that. But when Idea is fully changed and original presented product is not the same product they are describing in the update, this is called bait and switch. Basically what they are telling you, "Our original idea was not good, so we will start with a new idea". Now they are free to do that, there are 2 options, just refund everyone what you collected, or deliver the original idea and start a new campaign. Since you are "investing" in the idea/company they should of asked us the people who are funding the project if we agree with DRM, hardware upgrade etc.. and not just change it them self and say live with it. The people who say we dont understand how KS works, should really stop and reconsider if they understand how this whole crowdfunding concept works. Company can not present one thing and then deliver another..... Think about it. An update would be nice considering its been Feb 6th since the last one guys. You can't just leave is in the dark These comments have been hilarious! Thanks everyone! Will wait until Tuesday for an update and then ask for a refund. Like Fabian, my definition of "soon" and "open" is clearly different from theirs. Hell, in comparison, this looks like a very legit campaign! <url>"sorry we spent 80% of the money already and we cannot make it" > "I'll not ***buy*** anything from KS anymore" This could actually be great to destroy this misconception. But yeah, regular updates are being missed by everyone, haters and fans alike... currently I'm in three different project in KS (including MS) all of them are in delayed status. never complained about them (except MS) because they're always giving status updates,acceptable explanations and trying to develop what they promised. but current situation in here is different, no updates, false promises,delayed refunds, nothing positive ...,even some guys are saying "I'll not buy anything from KS anymore" ..this is not good for community, not good for kickstarter ... asked for an update over a month ago.. sent them the info they requested 3 different times.. finally got an email back from them on 3/9 saying my refund was processed on 2/24 and they would check into why my refund hasnt been credited to my account yet.. have yet to hear anything from them since.. all i can do is smh and vow never to back another project.. these people are ridiculous.. Update needed! Dear Omar, please let me give some feedback to your post. 1. Description of a kickstarter project is the story, not something somewhere else. 2. The wording "we are doing our best..." is not "we will not deliver without....". 3. DRM and open software follow different philosophies, you cannot have both. Did anybody actually read the FAQ? It says and quote: "Does Matchstick support DRM? We are doing our best to make sure the requirements will be met either via the playback app itself or the OS. We're in ongoing talks... Last updated: Wed, Oct 1 2014 8:04 PM EDT" So back on 10/1/2014 (one month before the project was funded), they said that DRM requirements will be met one way or another. Also where did they say that all applications must be DRM enabled? Please explain because I don't understand. Now, I agree that the creators should be explaining their plans better, being silent for more than a month after they dropped the delay bomb is not good. @Ryszard Malolepszy, Dear Troll, Again I will ask you to look at my record of KS projects that I have backed in the past, each has their own success and failure stories. Some succeeded but at a great cost to their reputation, some failed before funding, and some successful but then were destroyed by natural causes, making them close shop. I am familiar (as is everyone here) with the Kickstarter FAQ here and don't need to be told them. What you fail to realize is that a company conception (Matchstick, Open source and DRM free device, made to allow you to go beyond the normal streaming media sticks by being able to write your own software to communicate to it, allowing things that other sticks like Chromecast and Firestick won't do because of them being locked out from developers)... was scrapped for a device that no one wants (unless you want another Chromecast, which I already own and could just go out and buy another one.) Mr. Troll, what you don't understand is that even though Kickstarter is not a store, and that your investment into a product bears risk, having the project you backed, due to a description of what it does, and what they promise it will do versus the other products out there. What you fail to realize is that all of a sudden, an idea that was sold to the KS populous was changed without any hint or warning, either due to a windfall of cash from an investor that insisted the device be upgraded and DRM added to it, which required a "from the ground up" design. One of the only reasons they were able to amass such a large KS pledge, was the fact that the device was free from DRM and other code that would lock down the device from 3rd party developers, and we would get a stick that could be shaped by the community supporting it. Now, it appears as if the company has gone into hiding, is not being a responsible Kickstarter participant, and failing to address the issues of their backers. This is bad company PR plain and simple. I have been part of "failed" KS where even though the company still had an online store, I physically went to their "storefront" and found it vacant when I was vacationing in the area. Nowhere in the Kickstarter FAQ does it say companies have the right to lure potential investors into pledging money with false intentions so they knowingly can take the investment money and do what they wish with it without delivering what was advertised. This is called "False Advertisement" and is illegal in most, if not all states in the United States. So, Mr. Troll, if you are telling me that you support people who break the laws that protect those investing in potential merchandise ventures then I pity you. Just asked for a refund. I tried to find some actual information about "new Matchstick" on www.matchstick.tv. - latest company news is from 6th of January - couldn't find any people, only name found was on kickstarter, Jack Chang - feedback forum has 21 entries, 8 from developers and 13 from users - www.matchstick.tv has a lot of broken links. - couldn't find anything about DRM. - often they refer to flint. So I tried to find more about flint. - there is a github page for openflint, last change is 4 weeks ago. - this change was one line in readme. - last change on wiki for matchstick is from Nov 2014 Having in mind that my research was quickly done in short time, whats left for me is one question. "has there ever been something to spend my money ?". Today my answer is "I don't think so" No question, wasting my money was my fault. I was too much dazzled by the name FireFox. Should have been more skeptical. @Peter K, not sure where your link came from, but the hardware info is published: <url>"Open source hardware and software means there are no limitations to what you can do with Matchstick. No need to jailbreak your Matchstick, the door is wide open! Putting Our Money Where Our Mouth Is: We take open seriously and the only way hardware can be truly open is removing any barriers to development AND manufacturing. In light of this, we are making the reference designs and hardware schematics available for download. <url>" Where are the schematics? Fraudulent spunktrumpets, where's my refund? 6 weeks any update please? Hey fuckwits, you promised me a refund over a month ago. WHERE IS IT? A monthly technical update would be quite appropriate. If you find the team cannot commit to the monthly update..Just what do think will continue to occur ?? Think about it, I'm certain you have. Matchstick / Purplecomm, inc. If you want to cancel your pledge because of the ex-post addition of DRM, this is the process. Quote from Matchstick.tv: "Please reply with your Amazon Transaction ID (the long alphanumeric Transaction ID on your original purchase record from Amazon) and send it to us along with your full name and email address you used for the original purchase, and the purchase amount." Quote from Kickstarter support: "Willis with Kickstarter Support here. Thanks for reaching out! The Amazon transaction ID is available for any pledges that have already been collected. You can find it in the confirmation email that Amazon sends once a pledge is collected, or on Amazon Payments in your Account Overview, linked below. If you don't see anything when logging in to Amazon Payments, please be sure to select the correct date range during which your pledge was collected. <url>" So basically you login to payments.amazon.com, figure out the payment made to Purplecomm, Inc. get the transaction ID, your kickstarter email address and send those information via KS to Matchstick.tv. I am really sad that I am canceling this pledge. I have absolutely no problem waiting 1 year more than promised. I would not even have had a strong issue losing money on this project and not getting ANYTHING. Projects can fail. There is a simple reason though: *I don't want MY money to fund ANYTHING related to DRM*, though. It is bad. Bad for you and me that you made this bad move, Matchstick.tv. Sad times. Hi there, I've invested in your venture/ product and I was wondering where things are at? I'm a distributor of IT in Australia and wondering how the investment is going :-) Since we paid, there has been no real update I suppose. @Juergen You really like the Flinstone's analogy ;) @Maiko, I don't really know, what normal people want, how do you know ? But I know exactly what people wanted because they backed for matchstick based on given description. To go to my example, basics for some is convertible, they don't like off road. These are the backers for convertible. There are other people having their basic in off road. They would not back for convertible, especially if the description does not mention this. To avoid misunderstandings, to write "we will take a look to that" in FAQ to anwser to a not frequently asked question is not what I'm talking about. To take your description, if people backed for a project Flintstone Car, they backed for Flinstone Car and not for something different whithout without even being asked for their expectation. If you don't like the Flinstone car why do you expect others to do the same ? And why did you back for a Flinstone Car ? @Juergen indeed, interesting example, but I think that there are markets for both Off-Road and Convertibles, but on TV dongles, there is a market for Dongles that can do what normal people want, but no market for dongles that can't do what is considered the basic. I understand as I also care not for DRM, but future customers care, so instead of comparing with different types of cars that can co-exist, try comparing something useful with something that does less than the basics of what people want: They were going to make a Flintstones foot car and marketed as a motor car, then people somehow liked the idea of having a car that wouldn't need fuel and/or was ecologically correct, and now they decided to deliver a normal motorized car. If sticking with the guys,the product can only get better,they know they need to do something to set themselves apart from Chromecast etc. so im willing to wait,just want the updates to be more regular. Interesting comments are comin in. Greg, for example, is telling "Keep up the good work". The team talked about delivering next week and some days later they stopped everything. Where is the good work, is there anything technical or whatever ? Its like taking money to construct a convertible, and next switch to build an off road, sometimes, later, wait, we offer jobs for off road experts now. For me this more looks like a campaign, first wait until people are not complaining that much anymore, then get some guys to clap hands, hurray hurray and everything is fine. Dear guys at matchstick, your new partners know a lot about your reliability now. How will they treat you in the future, like an reliable partner ? @Don Gateley... you can have "your opinion" and no I don't work for KS or the project. Maybe there is some truth in it if others are "posting almost word for word" of the same message without knowing that they're posting the same idea as tired and boring as it may seem to you. i msde my funding to fund the project not to buy a finished product, for that i would of went shopping. i would rather wait for great piece of equipment than a piece of quick out the door product just to make lame "investors" happy. keep up the good work matchstick team thanks for your future great product! I'm waiting patiently, happily, because this will be a product worth having. I have a Chromecast, and it's adequate, but the promise of this device is much greater. @Ryszard Malolepszy: do you have any idea how many times that tired, boring rejoinder has been posted almost word for word. You must be connected either via the project or KS itself. It is an opinion, no more, no less. And right or wrong it is just your opinion. Stop foisting it on others who have every right to their own. That being said, I'm one of those that doesn't have a problem waiting for the upgraded device because it rounds it out for me. Best of luck, Creator. This is Kickstarter, not a retail delivery system. Read the Eula and stop complaining. The idea for projects backed on Kickstarter is to help developers grow their ideas and not to get a product delivered to your door on time like a pizza delivery. This must be your first project you ever backed if you are crying saying you'll never back another Kickstarter again. This is not an online store, deal with it. Many of these projects on here are just ideas that you try to bring to reality together as a community. Unless you want a piece of garbage to arrive at your door, have some patience for this and other projects on Kickstarter. @Creator Thanks for the update. I am still looking forward to receiving my Matchsticks. I realize that delays happen... communications is the key here... keep us informed. @Maiko, @Leslie, Thank you for the follow up. I hadn't put as much investment into this project to keep up with it, but based off of Leslie's quoted point, yea...I see the reason for anger. *sigh... Another dud "kickstarted" campaign I just gave up on the refund and I will never back a Kickstarter again. When it takes until August I need shipping outside the US... Guess you guys have to pay for that @Ademir Well, can't really argue with people who really wants what was promised, but to me, that original product was a marketing failure, but would surely be a nice and fast geek new toy. But I see no use on a dongle that, when the project is released and fails for not being able to accomplish the bare minimum of what people expect, will not evolve, nor get updated, basically, a phantom dongle that one day won a kickstarter, and failed the rest. What they saw that changed their decision to improve the dongle is exactly that they don't want to fail, and the amount of interest this kickstarter generated was certainly unexpected. Now, if people really prefer a soon to be useless dongle that everyone forgot, then I find that dumb. Of course, if people want a refund, then they should look into it, but the reason for upgrading and waiting more time is not unreasonable, we can't blame them for trying to make this project take the right steps, or at least, to avoid the worst step. Most people are thinking that they are buying a dongle instead of supporting a project, and that reasoning is wrong. @matchstick team. U asked for 100.000$ to get your business started and deliver your product in february. Now u got 470.000$. Why not use 100.000$ as planned to bring matchstick as planned to your backers use the rest 370.000$ to improve ur product and show some love to the ppl who helped you with their money as you needed it and give em your improved product. Just my 2 cents. But you got to do something since your backers are leaving the sinking ship faster than the rats. @Maiko Gabriel Kinzel Engelke, First of all, thanks for comment. I do not have to argue about the simple fact that invested in 10 parts of a product that grossed 470% of the required value in the project scope, so the product is delivered on which date? You know, everyone knows. Product scope and product was unilaterally altered, whether with good or bad intentions, I'm not competent to judge, just want to be reimbursed at 100% that I invested because if you watch carefully all videos and texts that explained the scope of the product and project, will see that it was clear, simple, objective. Expand and improve is scope for another project, another product. Not of the project scope and not the product scope that I sponsored. The project that I sponsored, reaching 100% of the financial goals it was to be completed, delivered within the proposed schedule and that's it. Would put 370% more is what is in their interest, but did not catch 470% of the proceeds and invest in another project scope, another product scope. That would create another project with an improved product with the money that was left and cast them into the market, would not mind. I want what I sponsored and the promised date and end. Simple is not it? @Maiko Gabriel Kinzel Engelke primeiramente, obrigado por comentar. Não tenho que argumentar sobre o simples fato que investi em 10 peças de um produto que arrecadou 470% do valor necessário no escopo do projeto e para o produto ser entregue em qual data? Você sabe, todos sabem. Escopo do produto e do projeto alterados unilateralmente, seja com boa ou má intenção, não tenho competência para julgar, simplesmente quero ser ressarcido em 100% do que investi pois se você assistir cuidadosamente todos os vídeos e textos que explicavam o escopo do produto e do projeto, verá que ele era claro, simples, objetivo. Expandir, melhorar é escopo de outro projeto, outro produto. Não é escopo do projeto e nem do produto que patrocinei. Ao projeto que patrocinei, alcançando 100% dos objetivos financeiros já era para concluir, entregar dentro do escopo proposto e fim de papo. Colocassem os 370% a mais seja no que for do interesse deles, mas não pegar 470% do arrecadado e investir em outro escopo de projeto, outro escopo do produto. Que criassem outro projeto com um produto melhorado com a grana que sobrou e lançassem no mercado, não me importaria. Eu quero o que patrocinei e na data prometida, e fim. Simples não acha? I would like a refund. Waiting another 6 months will completely change the sphere of this tech space. This is not what I signed up for. Please refund. Ok I want a refund!! this is not what we paid for how can we get the refund? @Ademir sei que você pagou bastante, mas você entende que o projeto mudou para suportar uma função que muitas pessoas queriam, que é suporte a rodar conteúdo protegido com DRM. O projeto continua open source em geral, mas pessoas normais (os não-geeks), talvez algumas daquelas para quem você pretendia dar ou vender um de seus dongles, provavelmente gostariam de ter essa função para, por exemplo, assistir Netflix (Que antes não era suportado). O meu apoio , a minha crença : "Você é um apoiador Você pagou USD$ 170 ! ". "Matchstick, o primeiro pendrive HDMI baseado no Firefox OS, é a melhor maneira de experimentar os seus filmes , música e jogos favoritos em seu HDTV. " Apoiei este não outro projeto com outra característica ! Meu reembolso total , por favor , urgentemente . "Este projeto foi financiado com sucesso no dia 30 de outubro " com " 17.218 apoiadores " e " USD$ 470,310 de USD $ 100.000 de meta" .. um acréscimo de 370% no seu objetivo é o suficiente, não é? Além disso eu sou do Brasil e no meu país seu projeto foi amplamente comentado em anúncios . O meu apoio , a minha crença : "Você é um apoiador Você prometeu $ 170 ! ". " Vigaristas, a primeira vara HDMI baseado no Firefox OS, é a melhor maneira de experimentar os seus filmes , música e jogos favoritos em seu HDTV. " Apoiei este não outro projeto com outra característica ! Meu reembolso total , por favor , urgentemente . "Este projeto foi financiado com sucesso no dia 30 de outubro " com " 17.218 apoiadores " e " $ 470,310 prometeu de US $ 100.000 meta" .. um acréscimo de 370% no seu objetivo é o suficiente, não é? Além disso eu sou do Brasil e no meu país seu projeto foi amplamente comentado em anúncios . My support, my belief: "You're a backer! You pledged $170." "Matchstick, the first HDMI stick based on Firefox OS, is the best way to experience your favorite movies, music, and games on your HDTV." I supported this one not another project with another feature! My full refund, please, urgently. "This project was successfully funded on October 30." with "17,218 backers" and "$470,310 pledged of $100,000 goal".. a plus of 370% at your goal is enough, isn't it? Moreover I'm from Brazil and in my country your project was broadly commented in advertisements. some guys telling how kickstarter works, we all know this, but we also know what we pledged.. for me, the most annoying thing is they're still in silence, this is unacceptable, disrespectful !!! I asked for refund because I dont like their customer relationship ..(changing the whole promised product is also different story !!!!) so please do not try to tell us how kickstarter works ...save your energy .. This is the worst project I ever backed on Kickstarter. What were you thinking? I hope you had a good time in Las Vegas spending our money. A delay until August 2015 is totally unacceptable and you should know that. Please refund. Stop deleting comments, its disrespectful. I want a full refund. I want a refund you scammers. I want a refund you scammers. Erfind your fucking scammers. August, really. Take the money and run is what it feels like. Have no recourse but to wait, while Matchstick uses my money to develop their next project. Oh well! Extremely disappointed by the way you have turned your back on your initial public. This is my first and last pledge on kickstart. I think i will start a kickstarter where i promise one thing and then give you something completely different. I think this is becoming the Kickstarter way!! They will pledge and then instead i will just give them a reach around!! Sounds good right? i want a refund! I'm gonna ride this out. Not a huge investment but am investment none the less. 6 months away though. @Gabriele, I agree they should update more frequently, but this by far isn't the worst kickstarter project I've run into. I have one that was supposed to ship OCT 2013 and the latest update says next month. And yes any company who has investors should keep them apprised of the status of the project. I want an answer as much as anyone else, but again I took a gamble, and so far I'm counting it as a loss. @Steven: Agreed they did a whole redesign and it wasn't requested. But remember you aren't backing an object, you're backing a company to launch a product. I don't recall seeing anything in the terms of agreements saying they can't do that, just says they have to make it square and live up with their promises. Now I'm not saying it's right, I'm saying that without strict control from Kickstarter, Stuff like this has to be expected but still shady and crappy none the less. I for one am making this one my last kickstarter until they have stronger controls on projects. I keep thinking "oh well they're close to the finish line, it shouldn't be that much of a risk" and this happens and in the end the only person that I can be mad at is myself. I approached certain projects here as finished products and they aren't. We're backing a starting company, not buying a product. @Travis Chaney I think you are missing the point where they had a ready product and promised to get this product out of the door soon enough, not send an update saying that they we resigned and now its a completely different product, other then what people pledged, so now people pledge there money for something that maybe they didnt want. You can not advertise 1 thing and then ship another. Even if you are start up on kickstarter. @ Travis Right but after all this mess they owe us an ANSWER! To all the backers of the project I think it's important to point something out from kickstarter's own terms and agreements. "backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists." Refunds are only PART of corrective measures that the company CAN take to square it up. Demanding a refund during the creation is not covered by the terms and conditions nor should you expect your money back. the reason why it's delayed is they're integrating additional technology, upgrading from the original dual core to the quad core and including DRM to allow these devices to work with DRM required services (I'm looking at you NetFlix). On a personal note, when I pledge money I DON'T expect to see it back, Kickstarting is basically gambling that you might get a product. This is the reality of the game. if you don't like it, don't kickstart it and wait to see if the product comes to market. I actually was not so surprised about the last update, after the Fire TV stick was released(which I got 2 for $19) I knew Matchstick had to do something about the HW to at least match and DRM is also a main selling point. So way to go Match stick I will be thrilled when I get my stick in summer. To all the backers of this project. We have all the rights to be upset with the lack of updates from Matchstick, however, we should be upset against kickstarter as well since it seems to be only interested in their cut instead of overseeing and promoting good practices for projects. I want a refund, thanks & good luck and the silence from the developers continues.... This is ridicuolous!!! how do you feel about yourself? I don't mean to insult or criticize i just want ANSWERS!!!! I think it is ethically incorrect for company to commit to a product, take money from public and then back out at the last moment without refund, claiming reasons of long term benefits. The better way would have been to get public opinion and make decisions or take a democratic vote and provide refunds for people who do not agree. It does not reflect a clean image on the company and provides roads for people to suspect foul play. Hopefully, they understand that they exist to a large extent because of the funding provided by people and act respectfully maintaining the decorum of public emotion. Thats not what I wanted, therefore I want a refund. Thanks. @chris I agree with you...and with most of the comments. It's possible that if many of us would start a campaign to inform these sites, we could give visibility to our problem and finally they would take us seriously. I tried with engadget, but nothing...One drop doesn´t fill the glass. The reason (not that it justifies it) that they are probably being so quiet in response to backers is due to the corporate lawyers that are now involved through their new partners and investors. The lawyers are most likely telling them to just keep their mouths shut and let the whole Kickstarter debacle blow over as they head for commercial acceptance. We are a very small price to pay for getting into the marketplace as they see it. And yes, I do believe that they used and abused the Kickstarter concept. The best way to get "justice" would be to let the gadget and tech websites know what's going on and how the backers have been ignored. Sites like: Gizmodo, cNet, Wired, Engadget and TechRepublic. Hey I wanna get my money back, can i get a full refund? I can't wait that longer anymore!! Thanks, Maiko. Yeah, I'm in a real minority here in seeing value in content if that's what the creator wants. I can decide for myself whether or not it's worth it case by case. I think you nailed it though in that they want a product with the wider market that comes with people like me. No implied criticism of those who want open-only as originally intended. What I really want to see is this same device except that it connects via a fast USB port so I can watch the same stuff on my laptop in a resizable window. Hint. Hint. @Don Gateley that's exactly it, but you see, there are 2 main complains: 1 - "My dongle was to be shipped this month and it has not! DAMN YOU!" 2 - "DRM is not Open Source, I supported it because it was full Open Source and I don't care about the rest" You see, people who wanted this dongle don't care about DRM sources (And I'm one of them), as in, we don't have netflix and other services, we just want a dongle to play around, and program and whatever, but now, we have to wait 6 more months for something that we don't care. Well, of course, there is the fact that this is a project that is trying to be successful, and DRM is essential to that, that's the conclusion found by the main team, but it's not like it matters for most people here. PS: I'm pro the wait for a better dongle, even though I would discard DRM if I find out how to take it out I'm a bit confused here. It's my understanding (which I hope will corrected if wrong) that the new version adds the ability to view sources that are DRM protected. What the new version can do is a superset, not a subset of what the original could do. I.e. it can do all that the original could and with the added capability of viewing DRM protected material. If that's correct I don't understand the flood of complaint other than that it introduces a delivery delay (which to me is worth waiting to get the extra functionality.) If I have a misconception, please straighten me out. Waiting for my Full Refund. I have been more than patient, but this is absolutely backwards. I paid for a product I will flat out never receive. I would like a FULL REFUND as every other one of your backers as well. At this point I would rather pay a little more for something I can actually use and not wait a year after I pay for something. Bottom line, this is not acceptable and I would like my money back. I want a refund. I want a refund. Thanks. Norm Richardson: They have taken your money and ran. I'm not personally bothered about DRM, what I am bothered about it is lies about the production stages, changes to a product that I didn't want, unacceptable delay times because they have received interest from other larger companies. I appreciate a project can fail at any time and I would normally be happy to wait but they haven't even bothered to responded to concerns of the people who willingly gave them money to the sum of $470,310. Where is the reassurance for people who gave them money? If this was my campaign, I'd be on here every single day replying to EVERY comment trying to reassure EVERY backer that my decisions were for the best interests of ALL my backers. But no, they are working with other companies so they basically don't give a shit. I won't be chasing the refund because I have more important things to worry about I sincerely hope this fails miserably. Please, I want my refund to. I am guessing we're not getting a refund, or the original V1 of the ****, or even an apology? refund please WTF guys! Greetings, I would like a FULL refund! The device you are now developing bears little resemblance to the one I pledged to support. I have no interest in supporting a company that communicates poorly and takes backers for granted. I also have no wish to fund your commercial DRM deals with Phillips @ all! In case you don't know how to do it please follow these instructions: Go to your project page. Click on view backer history. Scroll to my name, and click it. Scroll to the bottom of the page, and click the blue 'issue refund' button. Select full refund, and put a reason in the text box. Click submit. Thank you Could you please refund me please, I bought a chromecast instead. Thank you. I wish the creators would post a comment instead of ignoring us. I am a patient man but I'm done. I don't care if it's a big success ultimately, I just want out of it. I have no faith in the management of this team. I don't want my name associated as a backer. This whole project has turned disgusting and leaves me angry. Requested a refund, so we'll see if they also betray me on that. No refund yet either. . . sigh :-/ How fast and efficient KS, MR Amazon and Mastercard are to charge and pay. .. . . HOW TEDIOUS AND SLOW THEY ARE TO REFUND...... Greedy buggers!! where is my refund ****? Seems like Panasonic announced their first devices with Firefox/Matchstick technology. Any bets whether they are out, before we get an update from the "creator" that we are supposed to cheer along and ask questions? ;-) <url>"KS" campaign, by this company MS, to help fund the production of a fully designed and tested bicycle, only needing funds to start production; delivery promised next February. February rolls around, and I receive a notification from MS that it has entered into an agreement with two large companies to deliver them tricycles; therefore, MS will not be making nor delivering my bicycle; instead, I will receive a tricycle this coming August - the fact that I don't want a tricycle, notwithstanding. In other words, MS has, by its actions, canceled the bicycle campaign and begun a second project, the production of tricycles. The new project being funded by the KS bicycle campaign. By analogy, Matchstick has, by its actions, canceled our KS campaign and begun a second project, a Chromecast wannabe. The new project being funded by our KS campaign. In order to restore its credibility and save face, Matchstick should officially cancel our KS campaign and refund all contributors. It need saying again, ALL CONTRIBUTORS. A second campaign would quantify exactly how many people support the new product. No academic discussion necessary. I so request. Hi how can i change my address? This is another disappointment, just like so many other tech projects on KS nowadays. But as I only pledge $18, I won't go through the trouble of requesting a refund. Not worth it. @Norm, thanks a lot for your incredible helpful comment about my knickers. After reading your post, I feel ashamed about myself. I promise to work hard, to learn the lesson you offered to us. Whenever somebody fiddles the truth a bit, to get my money, I will smile. Man, a lot of you are getting your knickers in a twist for all the wrong reasons. I'd be amazed if a tenth of the people on here demanding refunds even care about the DRM or understand what it is. Kickstarter isn't a shop and shouldn't be thought of as such. For every project that fails to meet its potential, there will be others that exceed in their plans. Isn't that part of the fun of KS? For me, it's less than 20 bucks, so it's not worth the grief of potentially missing out on what might be a good product. @Willm yet, those who don`t act or are indifferent are usually considered the default option, which in this case, is not bad. I believe most backers were after an alternative to Chromecast, and didn't want it for whatever reason, and saw on this project an alternative. We had a lot of complains after the announcement of lack of Netflix support, so I do think that most people are now pretty happy with the news. Still, if they didn't like it, but won't complain or act, it's exactly the same as accepting everything. show some respect and give us an update !!! stop deleting comments !!!! @Maiko, Compared to the 17k backers, the refund requesters are still modest numbers. However just as with a KS campaign it is snowball that is getting bigger. . . fast. @most likely liked the idea of an upgrade and support for DRM: not quite. Common marketing knowledge dictates that usually only 4 out of 12 people they have a negative altitude towards a brand, complain. So it is the tip of the iceberg. So real numbers that do not like the current state of affairs are 3 to 5 times bigger . . . and growing! @Stephanie, *** repost *** I requested a refund at Amazon payments and got a reply by Matchstick to process my request. Here is how: <url>"We hate to see you go… but if you still would like to back out of Matchstick, please reply with your Amazon Transaction ID (the long alphanumeric Transaction ID on your original purchase record from Amazon) and send it to us along with your full name and email address you used for the original purchase, and the purchase amount. Once we receive all this information from you, we will process your refund through Amazon as soon as we can. The time it will take to process your refund will depend on Amazon and your credit card company. Please contact us should you have any additional questions." Fingers crossed! :) Can I please get a refund as well. Thanks. I would like to get my refund as well. Thanks. @Stephanie not everyone is asking. Some, maybe just a few (Considering there are a small number of people complaining compared to 17K backers), are asking. Those not complaining most likely liked the idea of an upgrade and support for DRM. How do I go on and request a refund, since it seems everyone is doing so? @Fabian, Thank you for the update. Amazing MS is not able to put that message out . . . here. . .!!!? Still able to comment, so still no refund :-/ @Rene Flores Project was changed, they decided to optimize the dongle for DRM, but people really do not want DRM (It's DRM or death) because they think it will close all the source code, and you will only be able to connect with it using iTunes or closed source shit like that. In short, paranoia and closed open garden, but they are probably right about them advertising that things were already done, and now it's not. I am very annoyed with this project. The main reason I decided to go with thisnrather than just buy a chromecast was because I really liked the ad-hoc and local play features and I would supposedly get it fairly soon. If they had posted the expected ship datez as August I probably would have just bookmarked it to keep an eye on so I could potentialy purchase it later and went and bought a chromecast then. I wont be requesting a refund though partially because I would eventualy (probably after a few more last minute revisions) like to recieve my matchstick and partially because the amount I pledged ($18) is not really enough for me to feel like going through the trouble for. Generaly when I pledge money for a project I concider the possibility that I will never see my money or a product again and decide if the poduct is worth risking losing the amount they are asking for it. I will be referring any friends or family asking to stay away from this company for good and will never purchase a product from them again, from kickstarter or any retail store. From:<url>#comments Matchstick Support (Admin, Matchstick.tv) commented · February 20, 2015 19:01 Guys, we are actively refunding backers who requested for it. We're working through the list as we speak. Once we initiate the refund, it takes time for Amazon and the financial institutions to process it as well. We've already processed 1/3 of the requests so far so please bear with us. In the meantime, we're actively here on the forum to hear you out and do whatever we can to expedite the process. Well I'm sure our banks will be happy to see all the disputes coming from this kickstarter campaign. Hopefully they shut these guys down for fraud. @Rene Flores - How would you refer to a Kickstarter campaign that collects near 1/2 million dollars on a "... fully designed ... and tested product ... based on an ecosystem built on open hardware and software ...without one of the (big guys) imposing their rules on who gets what, when, or where." The campaign "... which only needs funds to ... help us build the first units and get production off the ground ...", with an estimated delivery date of February 2015. A campaign that kept indicating everything was on schedule, until announcing on the promised delivery date, "... We want to update the hardware ... to support DRM (Digital Rights Management) ..." at the demand of their new partners, AOC and TCL, the (big guys). Notice that the product now promised for August 2015 delivery, is not tested or complete; nor open or free from the big guys imposing their rules. I might refer to that as a fraudulent campaign. Also... Dear Kickstarter.. You keep a percent of all funded campaigns.... And you can use these money to refund people.... If you keep money of a fraudolent campaign.... you are GUILTY TOO!!!!! Kickstarter, this is last time that i use it... Next time i'll get my money and i will spend them where i am protected... Not were people is legitimated to stole!! Just out of curiosity, can someone explain why this kickstarted is being referred to as fraudulent? What about it is fraud? I haven't checked this project in months and it seems really tense in this forum...� What is the process for going through the bank to recover funds. These guys are fraudulent they said they would refund me over a week ago and I still have not received my refund. By the way, have you seen the picture in January's update, the one in Vegas. One of the guys couldn't stop grinning as thinking "man, we got you". And in the back you can see the display sayin "100% free". This is a bloody joke! Hi AGAIN, I'm still able to comment, so no money back so far. Point with bank covering this fraud is that Matchstick will not be accounted responsible for this. THEY ARE! This is outrageous. No respond from them to now six days and several private messages, forum comments here by myself, etc. I'd so much would like to make them pay and not my bank, as I don't think they have to pay for Matchstick's Vegas adventure. Well just like so many others I can't go through Amazon to get my refund. Error - Service Disputes cannot be filed after 105 days from the transaction date. I spoke with my bank today and they will be attempting to recover the funds. This user's account has been deleted. GIVE US AN UPDATE! Seriously, your communications are so woeful on their own, that even if it wasn't for all the other BS, that would be enough to kill any project. If it's as bad as some people say, just hold up your hands. If people are overreacting, reassure them. The only thing you can't do, is continue to keep silent over the allegations that you've taken the goodwill Mozilla has built up, and exploited it to raise money you have now spunked on a good time in Vegas. Still able to comment, so no refund yet! @ Fabian.....yeah, there are two people saying they got refund. However, here on Ks there are dozens still waiting for refund. I really don't believe this anymore. If I happen to get a refund I WILL WRITE ON THE MATCHSTICK SUPPORT PAGE MENTIONED SAYING I GOT REFUND, but I am not positive about that. let's see what happens. MatchStick will not comment here also if you have been refunded your money then you will not be considered a backer and cannot comment on this board anymore. You can see Matchstick's responses here. <url>#comments I'm done with kickstarter after this project. I'm going to call up discover on monday (a week's time after asking how the refund process was going) and find out what options I have. I contacted kickstarter support about this fraud and their response can be summed up as. Stuff happens and we hope they're communicating and being forward...but there's nothing we can do. For this reason, I find it is no longer worth investing through kickstarter. I'll just wait and find out if the product is successful or not and then buy it when it goes to retail. So here's a thought.... and I'm not saying this is going on.... but... 1) Raise a bunch of money 2) Pay 5% fee to website 3) Don't ever plan to deliver a product 4) You basically get about 6-12 months before people really start to get angry, and you have to pay the money back. Assuming you pay the money (most of the money?) back, that may not be a bad way to get a loan. If you pay back 95% of the money, that's an interest free loan. Just saying... Not that anything like that is going on... Here's the latest message I've received. We shall see how it goes. I requested a refund 9 days ago. Amazon is usually pretty quick... ;) ************* Yes, Brian. Refunds are being processed. The time it will take depends on Amazon and your credit card company. Thanks for your patience. Matchstick Team ****************** @Jerry James This is exactly what everyone else has stated. Lets say you buy a xbox one online well Microsoft is not going to send you an email saying wait we are making a better version of Xbox one and you will need to wait 6 more months for your product. This whole fiasco should get more attention on the tech sites that bragged about Matchstick in the first place. I understand if the Matchstick team thought they were doing the backers a favor by not sending out the current units but they have only hurt themselves. We could all have had our hands on the product and would be bragging about how great it is. Instead we are stuck wanting our money back and are now blasting the company. Heck I might have even backed the 2.0 version had they started another campaign. Now we all feel dirty for even doing business with this company if you can call it a company. The total lack of communication is very disturbing, it's like you gave your money to someone at the store to buy a product and then they say hold on I will be right back I am going to the back to get and instead run out the back door and take your money. This is not a legit company and I don't want the dev unit anymore I just want my money back $34 so I buy a Raspberry Pi 2. I don't understand the point of this change...I could easily go and buy a chromecast and probably get better support than matchstick. My reason for funding this was the claim that it was different from other sticks and that it was finished and just needed to go into production. Why not simply ship us the product we invested for, start a new kickstarter campaign for the '2.0' version of your stick? Or is there something else that is being kept from all of us? @Timothy Bassett exactly!!! The issue is we have no protection at all... No one is holding Matchstick accountable at all. They said we have a ready product, its done, its designed, its functioning, its ready to be mass produced and shipped to you by February.... This is why we backed it up, right ? I`m sure we all understood if there was a month or 2 delay due to production and logistics issues. But not just have MS team decide they didn't like what they sold to us in the first place.... No one is holding them accountable, they got the money and thats it, now they are free to do what they want, there should be some kind of escrow or process or payment plan from kickstarter to campaign owners or something to protect us. You are 100% right, anyone can start a campaign with a dream product that sounds some what real, promote it like crazy, send out few t-shirts, add features as you move along, then just take the money and push the date back and back and back, then say sorry money is gone, or just not reply to emails ..... Sad Sad Sad, I want to believe in CF sites and honest people, but I`m done, I loose too much money and time on this and get really upset and angry. @Thomas G agree ! With backers apparently fleeing for the exits for understandable reasons the completion of this campaign with the new version 2 goals appears unachievable even if it was an honest goal. I am not convinced it is an "honest goal". I tend to agree with Leslie A. Parsons about crowdfunding now turning into scamfunding. This appears to have started happening about a year ago with both Kickstarter and Indiegogo. It might have happened a bit before but it has gotten a lot worse in the last year. I think some major news outlets need to publish some stories about these companies that have "engineered crowdfunding failures" in order to keep the money. Perhaps Kickstarter and Indiegogo would then change the rules to force "accountability". Sent a request for a refund 9 days ago. One day after their standard replying message I sent the information they asked for. Then the only answer I got from Matchstick group was (and I'm quoting it): "Received, Thank You". Replied two days ago. No answer until now. And no refund either. Today I haven't been refund either. So, I'll maybe contact the ccc today. I'd rather see those bloody "entrepeneurs "giving me my money back and not my ccc, but anyway. What do you have to do to ask the cc company? Just put in for my refund. Hopefully I won't be able to comment here for much longer. Has anybody received the developer models? This user's account has been deleted. After watching this train-wreck and thinking about Crowdfunding “CF” in general - CF is a scrammer's Wet Dream. You don't need to produce anything, build anything, deliver anything, ever. Just dream-up a CF campaign for some pie-in-the-sky product. Set-up the Kickstarter website with this great plain, and promise delivery by a certain date - not so far in the future. Then promote, promote, promote... . Add stretch goals along the way to entice more participation. Conferring with other team members is good form - need that Tote-Board to keeping adding those dollars. Keep promising. You're only limited by your imagination. Once you receive the backer's funds, the money is yours. No recourse, no audit, no investigation, no answering to anyone! Just delay long enough before officially crashing. Announce that you were not a crook, just a train-wreck. So sorry! I just don't think it was worth the time to market by adding a feature I don't want. Was backing this as an open alternative to Chromecast, but now this product just seems to be a as closed as the Chromecast and a little less support. Even their developer forums is just filled with people wanting a refund so it doesn't seem to be a feature which was requested from the developer community. Update from me, two days ago got a message from Crapstick telling me to wait "a few" days for the refund. " I souhld see something". Literally. You must be kidding me. " you should see something in a few days"???? Really? Ridiculous. So far no update on refund.mit should be a massive surprise if I happen to see " something" . So sad to see people working like that. I suppose they have spent all of our money in Vegas, promoting their v2 idea to Phillips and Netflix and they are blank now. I'll keep updating if nothing happens. Cheerio No refund yet here. I get a message from project creator telling it will just take a couple of days. No refund yet :-/. I am going to mail employees of Matchstick individually and the websites that promoted MS. . . and ask them to wake up!!! @David Griffiths: A Kickstarter is an investment in a project. Usually the production on one specified product. This Kickstarter was about the production of a product that was, according to matchstick.tv, finished, production ready, with finalized design. Note the "finalized"? They said that there would be no (major) design changes. What they want to do now is changing the design that was supposedly finished. I share opinion with many here. What you do here is just create a completely new device and not "regular delay". What I have supported is an open source streaming-stick with firefox OS instead of Android etc. DRM, Completely new redesign, new Hardware and so on ... that sounds like you are using time and money to design and build a completely new product. What I (might) receive in August will be a very different thing, not the one I have founded. I am dissapointed. @David Feel free to look at my profile... I am not new to Kickstarter, and I know what delays mean, I also know that this is not a store. What you fail to understand here is, the concept of what was sold, was a device that was pitched to the KS community as something people wanted: A Streaming stick that was open source for people to be able to root and write 3rd party applications that would do things the present sticks (i.e. Chromecast, FireStick, etc) don't presently do. Chromecast started out allowing this and then flashed their device to block people writing hacks for it. The number 1 selling point for this device wasn't "Just another media stick" but "Open source, hackable, streaming device for people to develop with." We were told that the device would be out by February because it was pretty much finished and needed to go into production. They took prototypes to CES. (Travel costs, hotels, etc. of our invested money) And at the 11th hour when we were supposed to get this device, we are given an update to let us know that we won't get this until August, that it will contain DRM, and that it is being redesigned from the ground up. What they SHOULD have done, was give us what we were promised, started ANOTHER Kickstarter for a DRM version (or offered one with and one without DRM) and not lied to their customers. David, there are Kickstarters that run into delays because the product ran into difficulties, material acquisitions, or Chinese New Year (which I hear is a constant KS excuse / problem) This Kickstarter fails because the product description, the pitch so to speak, sold many units, only to change the product to something it never was. @David Griffiths what upsets me is that you and others will just eat up any lies that KS project owners will tell you. Read why people are upset and read the product page... People are not upset about the delay in general, people are upset that they were lied to and that what they pledge for got abandoned for the next version of the product. When they already paid for what was set to be all ready and set.... What your comment is showing me, is you dont understand what kickstarter or crowd funding site is about... No one would be this upset if they had tech difficulties getting existing project out of the door, but they just dropped it completely did a 180 and come up with V2 if you will and added something that no one asked about (such as DRM support in any shape or form).... It's a Kickstarter - an investment in a new venture, with all the risks that entails. Every Kickstarter I've done has been delayed and late with one exception. One Kickstarter I missed out on, from years ago, is still working on getting their product out the door. They are years late. My opinion of the Kickstarter community goes down when people start talking about legal threats, and class action lawsuits. It shows you don't understand what Kickstarter is about. It's unclear how DRM will play into the feature-set of the final product (assuming it's ever shipped), but I'd rather ask in a calm and sane fashion, with the hope of getting a calm and sane answer. This user's account has been deleted. Hmm, oh well. I backed $23 so it's not a big loss. I am a bit disappointed about the later launch date; but to be honest I'd perter something that was a more rounded solution then something that would be cool for a while then tossed for something better featured yet expensive. Not like I'm putting my life on hold for this thing; just it'll be really cool when it arrives. I wonder how long we are going to go without a statement from MatchStick. It's like they don't understand how this works. We backed you, the least you could do is communicate with us. I've backed some projects that have completed and are still in touch with backers. You have a PR crisis on your hand any you do nothing? How are any of us supposed to have faith in you as a company - here's a hint we don't! Bugger I still can comment, so no refund yet :/ Ok everyone, I have got a private message from Jeroen Eeuwen. He commented some days ago and he was also asking for a refund. Well, he tells me that he got the refund and therefore he is not considered a backer and cannot comment here onsite that he got the money. I really do hope him and others got the money back. I am still waiting and I will post a comment daily until I get my money back. If one day I won't comment, take it as I got refunded. Lol Fingers crossed!! Thanks Jeroen for the info!! Ok, I got this message from Matchstick after demanding refund twice on the "Contact me" message centre of this project: "Matchstick.tv says: Hello, We have received your refund request and it is being processed. You should see something in the next few days. Best, Matchstick Team" Let's see what happens. Advise to all backers who want their money back: Demand it via the link 'Contact me' at the right side of the page! Still waiting for my money, thieves. To the 'MatchsDick' scammers, Obviously you failed big time on this project. So please respect all this people and refund their, and mine, investment in this farce product ASAP!!! Otherwise I am willing to note my name on the list of an class action lawsuit.... P.S.: Are there any lawyers in the room who want to make some fun (and money).... SO is that it ? No one from the matchstick.tv team is going to post anything ? Or reply ? I`m pretty sure at this point we need an official update.... Guys to save some face, write a full update If I wanted DRMs, I'd have bought a Chromecast months ago. No thanks. Class action lawsuit. I'd gladly pay for it. It is not about the money I lost, it's about the principles I care. I just tried to reclaim money in Amazon Payments and it's not possible due to doing it after 105 days of purchasing good. BLOODY HELL! Ok, so, still no proof of life from these people ( let's call them this way, but it is still quite nicely put). I askd for refund and they answered with their usual message, asking for AMAZON transaction Id, blablabla. That was a week ago. This morning I have contactd them AGAIN. Still no answer. Really, man, what a waste of oxygen are these scammers. I'm really fed up with those guys and I really hope not to meet them somewhere in real life. Absolutely unacceptable. At least they had their fun with our money in Vegas, right? What happens (and is being spent) in Vegas stays in Vegas. Right? And thee funny thing is that KICKSTARTER is not even bothering.....Really? Dudes, that is supposed to be a serious fund-raising platform? This is a joke. KS is really helping those people to scam backers and get easy money. Thanx KS, thanx Crapstick. Last time I have backed a project. I'm really sorry for 90% of the projects which really want and need backick, but there is no protection from KS whatsoever. Never again. Period. Crapstick got a las message preparing them for class action. Pissed off! Warren, They have to actually have a lot of Matchstick's to be able to ship the Matchstick. I feel they only built 50 to 100 to garner interest. Over 17,000 MatchStick's is a lot. Anyway, it looks like Intel's Compute Stick is going to leave the MatchStick in the dust. Yes it will cost more but looks to be really shipping to the shelf by the end of this month and it has a lot more flexibility. I simply do not understand why they don't just give the backers what they pledged for and release the new and improved DRM version as an option in a V2 to backers. Bad press is not going to help with this project. They need to do an update. This user's account has been deleted. This project is like a bad car wreck on the freeway, you know people might have died, and there was a lot of property damage, but you are compelled to watch it anyway. Hopefully the victims were pulled out of the wreckage (us) before the car incinerates like a matchstick. Lol this project is now considered one of the biggest KS busted projects. <url>"Hey I dont like anymore what I sold to people for half a million, I won't deliver, will just start working on something similar, they can wait, there is nothing they can do anyway, I got there money now" Im for one, is done with crowd funding sites, I dont care how good it sounds, I wont be "investing" anymore. Well time for me to jump in now "I hope someone is reading this" My first kickstarter as well, would really like more updates, hate the delay, but love (did I say love I meant really really love) Firefox so I'll wait it out and hope for the best! Everyone smile ;) Well I have not heard anything regarding my refund so I am just going to assume I have been ripped off. I will not back any other Kickstarter projects and I am done with crowd funding. We all assumed they could make such a good product for such a cheap price. You know what they say if it is too good to be true then it's probably a rip off. So 17,218 people got ripped off to a tune of $470,310.00 a pretty good pay day for the Matchstick team. I guess they spent all of our money on drugs and **** while in Vegas. So I lost $34 and respect for the crowd-funding thing. I will save up some money and get this from a respectful company. <url>"créator" of This "Project" since the last update despite all the negative comments? Real scrooge, or WHAT?? God, what a disappointment. My first Kickstarter backed project and i am really disappointed. I don't understand - 1. Why are you changing the specs at the last minute? Could you have just released V2.0? People interested would have "migrated" to that, if the needed. 2. Why is there a severe lack of communication? As a startup, dealing with "consumer products" we expect you to have good updates/communication related to your product. 3. If you know you are going to be delayed, why wasn't this communicated? Its not like, "Oh, damn, not going to happen today" kind of scenario. You would have known about this atleast a month back that you would be not meet the deadline. 4. In my case, the amount is multiplied 65 times due to the currency conversion and thats not cheap! I also lose money because the bank chanrges "markup" charges and i am pretty sure i am not gonna get that back. All-in-all, if i get a refund, i still lose some money. So its like paying for a product that i will never get. Please sort this out. either by giving out refunds or releasing whatever you promised earlier. This user's account has been deleted. Class action lawsuit incoming! As far as another streaming stick, there's another company to look forward to, it's better to take your funds to the other company's. This user's account has been deleted. Same here, received a mail for payments details. That's it. I have not seen anyone post that they have received a refund yet. I am still awaiting for mine as well. I requested a refund via the Evernote-method presented beneath and got the same "send us transaction ID and full Details" stuft a few days ago and so far no news. I am going to wait until monday and talk to amazon and my CC! Bloody scam. Justin, you raise a good point. However it depends on the contract between the merchant and the bank, sometimes the merchant pays for the chargeback. Nevertheless if enough people get refunded it may change things for the better, for example the banks may start requiring the merchant to pay. Ramon, all you did was get money from you CC company. Nothing was "reversed". Do you honestly think that transaction will go back to Amazon to have Amazon turn around and attempt to collect from Matchstick? Odds are your CC ate that cost. So while you got your money back (which is great), I'm afraid your "statement" to Matchstick is lost. I called my credit card company Feb 12 by phone and told them I wanted to dispute a charge. The description on my statement was ASI*KICKSTATER COM 408-9703318, WA I was refunded my pledge of $39 today. I urge all backers to who think that matchstick.tv has acted unethically to dispute their pledge with their credit card company. If enough money is refunded, maybe it will put some accountability back into kickstarter crowdfunding. Accountability benefits everyone. @Robert LOL Hei Thieves. Why did you remove my comment? I want my money back. YESTERDAY. @Willm Thanks my friend. I have followed your instructions and snagged your text in a copypasta. I'll let everyone know if any issues. I knew there was a breach but was not even sure how to proceed and likely would not have since my greatest strength is that I am not the slightest bit interested at making any effort whatsoever in life. Then your post reminded me that I used APS. And you provided an ELI5 Evernote. It took less than two minutes (which is approx. my cutoff time). If I could ask a huge favor though? - Next time a macro would be nice. Thanks in advance! And thanks for once again proving that my being an Amazon fanboy long enough that I got an actual person reply from Bezos in response to my guarantee that he was headed down an ugly road of failure with his ridiculous decision to change away from Cadabra. Anyways, I am certain he would have done better had he listened to me, but when I wrote again I got a MAILER-DAEMON-YOUR ACCOUNT HAS BEEN BLOCKED, rejection. I think the internet was broken or something. However, that's another story for another APS refund request. Cheers Leslie - "they will eventually go away." LOL! Are you new around here? Jeroen, if you knew we were talking about Amazon then why were you talking about CC? Quit talking out your rear end. Stay out of conversations if you can't be bothered to read everything. Anyone managed to get refund? @leslie NICE ! The stated purpose of this campaign was to get the necessary funds to "...build the first units and get production off the ground..."; however, I am not aware of anything ever published that indicated that any effort was made to actually build a finished unit. Have you? If February delivery was ever possible, the actual building would have been in process during January. That obviously was not happening. Reminds me of the 2013 movie, American Hustle: promise loan, get non-refundable up-front fee, never deliver loan. KS campaign: promise goodies, grab as much non-refundable up-front cash as possible. Additionally, get developers to help debug software for $15 generic dongle. Now market technology to third parties based on demonstrated interest. Then stall initial KS backers; deliver nothing, they will eventually go away. Looks like Crowdfunding was made for - World Hustle. @Justin, I dont deal with Amazon directly. I only talk to my CC company. BTW my CCC is providing excellent services, and they should. Andrew Jenkins - I agree and I may have been wiling to back the new device as well. I don't blame the developers I blame the management team. It seems they don't care and let the developers take the heat. I am sure the devs where probably upset to not deliver what they had as well because they works so hard to get it ready for prime time and now management has sent them back to the drawing board. They could have a big following in the tech community with this device but who knows what will happen now. As a backer I'm disappointed and prepared to wait but think it would have been so much better if the team had delivered what was promised and then possibly run a second campaign for the new updated device. @Justin, I know you were talking about Amazon (it's actually 90 days. you first have to wait 15 days and then have 75 das to file a complaint). I just said I don't care because my CCC has better rules (for me). I'm sorry you have a CCC that does not care about you. I suggest changign cards. Another option with Amazon could be that you report Matchstick for not following Customer Service policy found here: <url>"on the fly") means that we will have to wait 6 more months for something some or most do not want nor care. I just asked them to send my the Dev. unit if they can deliver it within the next week and a partial refund and if they can't just give me a full refund. Will wait and see what happens. I will be very cautious in the future when deciding to back a project. I know just the mention of DRM has sent some folk spiralling into horror, and initally it does seem to go against the idea of openness, but is it not possible to use it exactly as people want for non DRM free things, and have the DRM functions for Netflix etc? I'm just disappointed in the lack of communication and I simply wish the Matchstick team would lend more focus to the input of its backers. They offer up this huge update, which doesn't exactly inspire confidence and build trust, and then basically disappear from this page answering no other question we have on this issue. From what I have heard, the team is offering some dev units to people who really want them but taking no time to respond to the myriad amount of comments here asking valuable questions just seems like a wasted opportunity to save some consumers from backing out. It just seems preposterous that they are absent in the comments section because their lack of communication hurts the consumers, the product, and the Matchstick team themselves (who have put so much work into this project). The work on the actual Matchstick product may be great and the Matchstick may be an excellent device but you can't create a truly successful project if you have no one to buy it, no one to fund it, no consumer confidence in it etc... Just be aware that you made a sorta-promise-thingy (don't really understand kickstarter specifics on this) with the backers of your project and that your success relies on more than just working really hard on the product. Michael C They replied and said I could have dev unit and half a refund or a full refund. Apparently they will not send me a dev unit and a v2 unit as I asked. I am on the fence as what I want to do thinking about just sticking it out for the 6 months but am very afraid that when the time comes they will push the project back again. The one things that gives me hope is if the made an agreement with Phillips then Phillips will hold their feet to fire on the deadline as Matchstick will only have one go at this to make a viable business otherwise they are toast. Also I noticed they do not reply to the comments on Kickstarter but on their website they will. This bothers me because it creates a confusing channel of communication. Also some of their replies are very dry and they do not offer an apology. I feel like we are dealing with high school kids who are too smart for their own good. Also I wonder about the dev units they sent out are they now obsolete? Are they going to send out new ones free of charge? Article on Matchstick and its sister companies. <url># "Jack Chang, the US general manager of Matchstick and the chief operating officer of its sister company 9x9tv, which makes apps for televisions and is also known as Flipr, said that developer interest in Matchstick will drive consumer adoption." @Michael @Jeroen @Luciano @Maiko I found a video link that provides some faces and names to the Matchstick team. It is a Mozilla hosted developer session. Agenda and names: <url>"We hate to see you go… but if you still would like to back out of Matchstick, please reply with your Amazon Transaction ID (the long alphanumeric Transaction ID on your original purchase record from Amazon) and send it to us along with your full name and email address you used for the original purchase, and the purchase amount. Once we receive all this information from you, we will process your refund through Amazon as soon as we can. The time it will take to process your refund will depend on Amazon and your credit card company. Please contact us should you have any additional questions." Fingers crossed! :) Jeroen, had you bothered to read the comment I was responding to you would have seen AMAZON being discussed. I've been down that road with them and once you pass your 75 days they will not deal with you. So you are then left dealing with your CC. But here's a hint, not all CC companies give a damn. I'm of the belief that Matchstick won't refund any monies until they've secure the investment from whatever venture capital firm or partnership contracts with their partners are signed and their finances are secured. I've bypassed the whole kickstarter process due to the lies: 1) Sending email requests result in a standard copy and paste reply which doesn't address the enquiry 2) Pressing them further results in requests for transaction IDs and other info they don't need (find the backer on your list and click the refund button) - are they trying to filter out individuals? 3) Saying KS doesn't allow them to issue immediate refunds, complete lie as rebuffed by other project creators in this thread. If you want to support the project, great - I still feel positively about the product, but it's not what I backed and not what I'll use it for in my business, therefore I'm requesting a refund. Personally, it feels like a waste of time to use any of the KS channels, matchstick forums etc because nothing is going to happen until they're ready to release the funds back to their investors - how many requests have been honored so far? Because of the way this whole debacle has been handled I'm working with my credit card company to recover the $85 I pledged. Unfortunate that it's come to this, but if things do go belly up with the company and the deals fall through, I know we'll be last in line to get any refunds - fees and penalties to their partners, manufacturers (and likely themselves) will come first. I'm not willing to be played like this, so I'm pulling my cash out asap and they can deal with any additional fees and fallout. If others follow and that leads to the collapse of the V2 due to finances, then again, unfortunate, but hey, live by the sword, die by the sword. All could have been avoided with transparency, updates and regular communication with the people that got them off the ground rather than using us to get to the big boys and then (in my opinion) leaving us all hanging whilst they move forward. A shame; I had high hopes for this project. will not ask for refund but I can clearly understand that they lied to us. this is not a vegetable, this is tech gadget so you cannot delay a tech product for 6 months .. DRM ... peh... also seems there's no message like 'BE RESPECTFUL AND CONSIDERATE' on the project creator/post update page.. we all respectful as a backer, what about the team ? @Jeroen Eeuwes, you are right. The announcement is in a update #13 which I didn't bother reading at the time because I was patiently waiting for February 2015. Given the current situation, the dev units are mostly obsolete as dev units but they are in fact the actual product we were all hoping to receive this month. @Michael C, the developers unit were already made when the Kickstarter was launched. They sent those out to the developers in November (and December?). I doubt there are many left for them to send out now to backers. @Justin; I don't know what terms you have on your credit card, but on mine the counting starts from the expected date of delivery, not the sale date. Minh, clearly you missed the part about 75 days of which we are all past. Not keeping the supporters informed of what is going on and then doing a complete turn around on the product has left me pissed off. I'm going to file a claim to get a refund with my credit card if matchstick does not refund me on their own. I did not want nor care about DRM or upgraded hardware. It might have been different had they not left us in the dark for so long. I am really surprised at MatchStick's lack of communication with the community. There are still plenty of people on here supporting the project and many who might consider staying aboard if they just learned how to communicate with the community. This is exactly why I want out of the project. They don't even care enough or just didn't plan for all the bad press and negative publicity. This really hit home with me when I saw the promo video for the Heat Map on Digg. - <url>#t=140 The idea for the heat map seems silly to me but notice at 1:57 when he says "I've seen one to many busted kick starter campaigns" there is the MatchStick. Talk about a company that doesn't realize it's become irrelevant in the last 48 hours. Not because of their tech but because of their lack of transparency. Hire a PR firm and new management, you aren't going to get very far without them. Amazon Chargeback process: <url>"A chargeback is a reversal of payment issued by the bank when a customer disputes a charge through the bank (and not through Amazon Payments). A chargeback can occur when a customer has not received the items....." Prior to the October 30, 2014 funding date. Mission Statement: "... Open source hardware and software ..." Status & Schedule: " ... The product is fully functional today, with the hardware design final, tooling complete, and manufacturing ready to ramp up in the next 30-60 days. ... Help us build the first units and get production off the ground ..." What is a creator obligated to do once their project is funded?: "... When a project is successfully funded, the creator is responsible for completing the project and fulfilling each reward. Their fundamental obligation to backers is to finish all the work that was promised. ..." What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project?: "... If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. ..." Has anyone who ordered a developer unit received any message about that? @ Fabian Wilson I don't think anyone is going to see a refund unless the Matchstick team decides to do so. The rules can't force them to return the money. You mentioned asking them for a developer model, did they reply? From: <url>’t DRM counter to the openness Matchstick stands for ? A: Matchstick stands firm on its belief of openness and DRM does not preclude this belief. However Matchstick also believes its users should be able to choose between using DRM to watch Hollywood movies or not using DRM. We want to let our users make this choice. Matchstick alone cannot change the direction of the industry. What Matchstick can do and will do is to contribute our development in DRM technology back to the open community. The work to implement DRM is being given back to the Mozilla code base, and the platform itself will still support anything the open community hopes to achieve with the product. Q: Why did Matchstick select Microsoft PlayReady ? A: Matchstick intends to offer DRM on its platform and bring premium content to its users in the quickest timeframe possible. Microsoft PlayReady offers a mature technology, has relationship with premium content providers and is quick to deploy on the Firefox OS platform. Ugh. That's so ackward now. I've supported this because you think Mozilla and you don't think DRM and then they add that. Why did I support this? For the same locked stuff I can choose an already available Chromecast or Roku. Now the difference is the Firefox marketplace. Yay. I want a refund too. They promise one thing and after being funded they make something else. I wonder has anyone seen a refund yet? This user's account has been deleted. A correction: "If I did some research..." -> "If I had done some research..." @Willm, some food for thought: <url>´t want to bet my money on possibilities now - that´s why I asked for a refund. I will buy a Chromecast (or something similar) with the money. @willm I think Matchstick is not keeping to the ToS. However, note that their project was started with the "old" one: <url>"told you so" :) @Willm, glad to be helpful, but of course, just like everyone else, I do want to see an official response from the Team to all of this. I just do not condone them as villains or demons for being late in their announcement cause I found reasons to think that they got it just recently, so it's impossible to be earlier, as a programmer myself, I would seriously dislike the marketing guys talking about "miracles" and then the programmer finding out it's impossible or having no idea where to start, I'm always pro checking for technology and the best way to do something first, and just then be sure that "Yeah, I can do it". Like this, I don't find fault on their side, and their explanations actually made me agree with them, but I would like an update telling what happened in more details (A time schedule of events that helped on changing plans for something better). That would be pretty welcome, cause while I can find realistic reasons to support my belief, belief means nothing when trust is low. In hindsight, I do find it peculiar that the team and its (key) members are not presented. This gives more insight into the capabilities of the team... and demonstrates tranparency! If I ever am going to invest in future projects I will look for that. I will also ask before investing...if they have a refund policy or how they will go about that. I also requested a refund, an sent Matchstick today the info about my Amazon Payment. Let´s see if they will do it. I've read some comments and I agree with Jeroen. Quoting his words: "It is not cool to start a new project with money from a project you have not yet delivered the goods on." I supported a project that had an almost full product, not a promise of "great DMR compatible and etc" one. @Maiko Thanks for your comment, you have me read the update16 in a more positive way. @Jeroen I agree that they should have disclosed things as early as possible, but I wonder about the amount of time they had for that. A month ago we had their update about being at CES, meeting up partners and stuff, I'm not sure how much time has been needed to decide about these changes, as in, evaluate an upgrade while keeping the same price, I believe it was only possible because of such new meetings that probably happened a month ago. Either way, my thoughts are that before, this was a dongle made for geeks and enthusiasts, with little market opportunity, but now I recognize the changes were made because the project matured, not by "on a whim", and that's why I don't mind both the wait and DRM. ------ @Steffen DRM means that you can access secured stuff from contents that desire such thing, like Netflix, of course, it does not mean the whole system turns closed-source, Firefox has DRM and remains fully Open Source + external module, the only problems are related to idealistic stuff and people saying the team lied since they only backed the project because of keywords like "Only Open Source allowed". Also, they seem to think the Matchstick team is actually Mozilla, so they shouldn't have been for-profit, it seems. @Maiko Thank you for sharing you evaluation also a rather interesting perspective. Do you think Matchstick is in breach of the KS rules of use? @Jeroen Thank you for your sharp evaluation of the Matchstick process up till now. Do you think Matchstick is in breach of the of the Kickstarter terms of Use, sub 3: Things You Definitely Shouldn’t Do, bullit 1 and 2. ( <url>’t break the law. Don’t take any action that infringes or violates other people’s rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone. 2)Don’t lie to people. Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent. And if so, to what extent? @ Steffen Niehüser @ Jeroen Eeuwes Forget about the DRM issue. They lied to us. In update 15 and all previous ones they said everything was fine but in update 16 we find out a completely different story. Moreover their last update was patronizing and their last reply in the comments (the highlighted one) is rude and condescending. @Steffen DRM is used to protect content from being copied. This means the user is your adversary and can not trust it. It also means the same user can not have full access to the device, because otherwise the copying would be very simple. This project promised the user would have full control over the device. Because these two are incompatible it'll mean you either have the DRM or full control, but not both at the same time. So it depends on why you wanted this stick. if you want to play with it yourself you don't want DRM because that'll probably mean you can't play with it. If you wanted this stick to play Netflix you had chosen wrong because that was not on the roadmap before (but is is now). In that case you had better buy a Chromecast or an Amazon Fire TV stick which can play Netflix and are already available. You could order one now and have one delivered right away. You wouldn't have to wait four months (and now six months more) for it to arrive. Many people have asked us how we do it. Our flawless work, our streamlined decision making, our honest and efficient communication with our customers, our pristine time management. Ah yes! Looking back on our success story one cannot deny a likeness to the biblical creation of the universe. On the first day we carefully thought the concept through. On our second day we developed the hardware and we wrote some software. On our third day we announced to the world our product and intentions. On our fourth day we launched a successful crowd funding campaign. On our fifth day we announced that we are on schedule with both hardware and software. On our sixth day we double checked to make sure everything was OK. And on the seventh day we told our backers the product is going to be six month late. This is the wonderful story of Matchstick! This is our song: <url>"we don't want to take part in defrauding people from their money". Or if tMozilla did not know about the bait-and-switch they should say now that the were surprised with this as well and from now on won't support this fraudulent company anymore. But since they are silent, I can only assume I'm right and Mozilla is OK with defrauding people from their money. I don't think Matchstick had actually said they would support Netflix, at least I couldn't find it (anymore). They did have a logo in their project pictures. It still says in the project page they're talking to several content providers. They had to remove the Netflix logo because the deal was not yet closed and Netflix didn't want people to think the deal was done. This was already known after a few days and at that time you could redraw from the Kickstarter project because the end date for the funding phase had not been reached. So I agree it was not really smart of them to use logo's without deals. But nobody would be out of his or her money because everybody could still cancel their support. Now, everybody has paid and I can't click on a button to cancel my backing anymore. I don't think anybody ever asked for a faster processor (well, at least not in the comments). So why change the project to change the processor? There were several people asking for better Wifi (adding 5GH and not just 2.4Ghz), people asking for Bluetooth support and many more. All of these were shot down because the hardware was final. They already made the first batch for the developers! In fact even now they don't say they are adding 5Ghz. Or Bluetooth. Or all the other things people asked for. Like I said before: if they want to make a 2.0 version of their stick, I couldn't agree more. But that does not mean they should cancel the product they sold to us. It is not cool to start a new project with money from a project you have not yet delivered the goods on. Well this is the last physical product I back on KS. This along with Cans with out labels really makes me wish that people were honest from the start. I think its great you have a following but the backers who help get the ball rolling really need honesty. I really appreciate being able to be getting in on the ground floor of cutting edge technology. With that being said, when Matchstick 2.0 comes out (I won't be backing it) I want the team to estimate when they would like it to be ready. Then add lets say 4-6 months on top of that and then give people that date. I was really excited to get Matchstick, I even upgraded my TV to support the HDMI output. I have been living in Standard Def for too long. Anyways I checked my e-mail telling me August. Now I am not mad but I am not happy either. All I want to know now is as a low level backer is it really going to be August or am I going to get another e-mail in July telling me Winter 2015? Also I think matchstick should send all backers who purchased the product Matchstick Swag. Call it a "Sorry we missed the dead line and we love and appreciate your business" type of thank you. As a Backer that would put me in a better mood. I don't accuse of course. (Not excuse) freuidian.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Just to clarify things up. I don't excuse not @creator nor KS for anything. I'm just saying it has become rea-lly easy to sell dreams nowadays. U can promise alot and deliver none. This project proves once again that in a way there must be some kind of ragulation to crowdfunding. In a way it has become a serious arena for fraud. KS should start taking responsibility as well Instead of hiding behind their Rules. billions of $$$ are going through these sites and someone should monitor this chaos. If Matchstick does not responds we should make a press release about this kind of scamming by certain KS creators and Kickstarter, condoning it. The parties to send it to are under Buzz in the "story".... What do you think? Judging their tone of voice in the update, they think they are in their right . . . They probably think just let them rant. . . It will pass. Will it? Or do we make a stance and help crowdfunding become more mature by demanding influenced by crowd suing MR and/or KS! I just sent my transaction ID as well. I will keep everyone posted, let's see if they are keeping to their word. Honestly I am surprised that the team at Matchstick seems shocked that so many of us want refunds when just 30 days ago they were putting out messages like this: But it's not finished yet... We'll open up our Matchstick Store where you can pre-order Matchstick before it hits retail. We are also working on our Developer Community so all of our developers out there can share their ideas and knowledge! These features should be rolling out in the coming weeks. I am sure many of us work for companies that create and launch products. So we know it would take a real lack of foresight by management to shift gears the way Matchstick did or maybe they just need better PR. I know I would have stuck with them if they had been more transparent in the time leading up to the Feb. announcement. This is just getting better day by day... I hope this guys are smart enough to change there name, this is a perfect example of how NOT to do business... I should do an animate GIF with their matchstick logo hedgehog burning up into flaming letters "DRM" Well, I just sent them my transaction ID and the other information that they claimed they need. Let's see if they now refund my money or hope that I will forget about it (I will not). Might it be an idea to knock on some doors at Philips, Netflix et al? They are usually more prudent with their reputation.... It appears that the project team are now telling outright lies regarding refunds. The following is a pm exchange between myself and the team. It takes around 30 seconds to issue a refund via the project management page. "Me - Hi. Can I have a full refund please. The device you are now developing bears little resemblance to the one I pledged to support. I have no interest in supporting a company that communicates poorly and takes backers for granted. I also have no wish to fund your commercial DRM deals with Phillips et al. They are perfectly capable of paying for that themselves. Matchstick.tv - As we stated in our update, we are delaying our product, not canceling it. We are 100% committed to delivering Matchstick to you. Unfortunately delays often happen on Kickstarter. February was our best guess when we launched our campaign, and unfortunately we missed the mark. We are still willing and able to complete our project, we just need more time. Thanks for your support and patience, Matchstick Team Me - Did you even read my message? Matchstick.tv - Yes, I did. Kindly provide your Amazon transaction ID information so that I may initiate the refund process. Kickstarter does not store any payment information. Best, Matchstick Team Me - Hi there. Transaction ID is: XXXXXXXXXXXX You should just be able to go into backer report, find me and click the issue refund button. Good luck with the rest of your project. Sadly, the changes to the initial stated project ethos are just not for me. Regards Rick Matchstick.tv Matchstick.tv - Kickstarter does not work like that. There is no "refund button" nor do they store any payment information. Best, Matchstick Team Me - That's simply not true. I've run a kickstarter myself, and have also received refunds without supplying transaction id's. Please find attached a photo of the refund button that you say does not exist. Sent from my iPhone Me - Kickstarter' message system lopped off my pic, so I'll give you clear instructions. Go to your project page. Click on view backer history. Scroll to my name, and click it. Scroll to the bottom of the page, and click the blue 'issue refund' button. Select full refund, and put a reason in the text box. Click submit. Not so hard. Is it?" It seems that they are making up excuses not to refund people now. I await their response with baited breath, but it appears my money is gone... I am officially willing with the Matchstick to my unborn children. Hopefully they will get to enjoy it. So if you like complot thinking how is this: who has the most to lose by an open source dongle? Content owners and brokers. Would an open platform as Matchstick intended be a significant threat? How to counter it? "Invest" money and make them implement DRM? Anyways, just a thought :) Michael C that is way to funny. Attention! Achtung! Hello plebs! We'll cut to the chase; Matchstick is not going to ship in August 2015. It's been a very busy three quarters of a year and we've had to make some hard decisions about how to move forward. We’ve decided to release the product when it is ready, and anticipate that to be in 2030 give or take a decade. Matchstick (from here on to be referred as "the product") is, at its core a bit buggy and crippled by indecision which made our initial task of deciding what to put on it very difficult. We went between excitement and gloom not knowing what to do until inspiration struck during one of our meetings. How about we make it do everything? Everything! Just imagine the future. A barometer to monitor the pressure behind your TV. By the time we ship there will likely be no more snow or glaciers so we equip the product with a temperature sensor to display winter landscapes and/or waterfalls when the room becomes too hot. A microphone to listen to household sounds. A nifty application will monitor your voice (also partner's voice if one is present) and if it detects arousal will search and display appropriate content on your TV. A powerful new chip with 256 cores and 1TB of ram will be able to run your entire steam library simultaneously from the included 300TB high-density super-speed flash, in glorious 1500k resolution. A pity that the product has only one HDMI output; we do want to keep the size as small as possible. As you might have seen in our pictures the product has no charging brick but the power has to come from somewhere. We hope to figure this one out by the time we ship. And many more in close collaboration with our hardware and software partners. We want to bring all of this to you, our loving peasants! This is the device that chromecast, xbox one, apple tv, amazon whatever, HTPC and the NSA always wanted to be but couldn't. When it's done (and we don't want to rush it) it's not just going to blow the competition out of the water, it's going to really blow it. PS- Some people have accused us of using all the money raised to buy acid and that we've been tripping ever since November 2014. Nonsense, if we did that we couldn't have worked on the product. Project reported on kickstarter, and I will start a refund process. if you are a disappointed backer like me, navigate the comments and you will find indications about a refund process. Do not ask to Matckstick team on Kickstarter, they will just ask you to wait. What makes me laugh is all negative comment on here and they still do not post any comments ask us about the project, so...it's there way so tough sh#t don't they realize that we (the backers) are the ones who paid for it, let's just face it we've been scammed @Jeroen well, I can't say I will or will not recommend it, as I said: I want to be able to do it, but I won't if I do not deem it good enough to be recommended. I understand your trust problems, I just don't like to think I will know what I will have in my mind in the future. And indeed, you have all the right to consider that changing the reward in the last second is bad, I do not condone that, but considering it's a good and mature upgrade, my personal thoughts agree with them: So we get the same argument, different conclusions, nothing wrong with that. But people should understand one thing: This project is not Mozilla's, I have this experience with my Geeksphone too, it's a project that Mozilla is helping, but not directly investing, this project is from the Matchstick team, and blaming Mozilla is just like blaming google for the existence of Samsung's Touchwiz, or Linus Torvalds for < insert random Linux dist here >. "Maybe they shouldn't have made the system open?" I hope that's not what you mean. Mozilla is only helping them, on Geeksphone forums we had a mozilla programmer who would help people with bugs and stuff, he would fix the core, but the whole distribution, flashing and stuff, those were Geeksphone only, and probably the same thing is happening here, there are a few Mozilla guys to find core problems on the OS for TV stuff, but they are not responsible for the product. Trying to blame Mozilla is just a child's rant and should be ignored. And yeah, maybe they should have made the kickstart with DRM and netflix, but who would have thought that the project would reach almost 5 times what they looked for? How would they know they would finish the $100K in a day? It's easy to talk after it happened, but think about it: - "We want to make a FxOS dongle, we already did prototypes (As stated by news from before the campaign started), but how many people really want?" *After first day* - "Wow, we didn't think there would be so many people looking out for it" *Kickstarter finishes* - "This is unexpected, but when it reach the shelves, will it go just as well?" *Media coverage is positive, they must have somehow learned they could have a better market success* (Based on their "learnings" that the email says) - "We think that the way it's going now, Matchstick will just slowly die, we didn't think we would have resources to do something so deep in the OS, but now we need to take this chance to make something that people will recognize by itself" * Upgrade plans* These are basically my thoughts after reading the email and mixing it with personal experience. How would you make such DRM plans if you don't know the future? I do remember Netflix was presented at first here, and then when they took it out for realizing the problems, then lots of comments about "you lied", now they are trying to support it, but others are "you lied" too! It's hard to please everyone, huh, specially when you are the one who didn't even noticed there was a feature lost before, but "since I didn't mind it, I don't care". And about they being able to keep the promise, I realize they need money to do that, and $1 dollar in the past values less in the future, which means this would be less lucrative, if not a loss, but they also talking about partnerships and stuff, so I don't consider it impossible anymore. Of course, they could be lying and secretly wasting the money going on vacation and laughing at their backers, my only source of information about the project is this page and their emails, after all. That makes me mad that they will not listen to the community, offer refunds or acknoledge everything of what's being said. I'll spread the word through all of my networks. Also I'll see who is up for developing a PROPER streaming stick so by the time Matchstick releases a better product that you all want will be available. Those who want refunds: call your creditcard company and/or amazon. Also notify the BBB. @ Maiko. I agree with you that it has a better chance of surviving if there is a great community. I just don't think that a company can build a community by lying to the first people around. I am not going to recommend anyone to buy the final Matchstick; my trust is gone and it won't easily come back. Too bad for Firefox OS, but I guess Mozilla does not care enough either as they haven't responded to my inquiries yet. I actually tried to see if I could buy a Firefox OS phone recently, but they are either no longer available, cancelled or not yet released. At least no in the country where I live. I know this is not a store, but that does not give the company the right to change the product (or the "reward") after everybody has paid. If they wanted to create a TV stick with DRM and Netflix because "that is what the people want" they should made a kickstarter for a TV stick with DRM and Netflix. Perhaps the difference is that you think they can actually build what they promise now, and I think they can't. I think in a few months they will tell a new story with new promises about the new and bigger cake that you really will be getting soon. Their cake is a lie. It's about making a good community and a healthy environment, Firefox OS does not have as much highlight as android, ,but at the same time, a lot of people don't care about the OS, but about what it can do. I'm from a third world country, I have already seen a single Firefox OS device in the street, but at the same time, I don't see people the normal media talking about it or even considering it's existence, because it's either for poor people, or for enthusiasts like us. Let's not mix it with the Mozilla Firefox Browser, which is a successful project, most people here may even use the Firefox browser, but are either with an Android or iPhone smartphone, and if you had the chance to chose to change it with a FxOS phone, and that's said from someone who had one, you wouldn't do it, there is a huge lack of good apps, even though the platform is so easy to program and make things for. And don't want that to happen to Matchstick, I want it to be as successful in the market as it can, you recommended me that, if I want *stuff*, to buy a chromecast, what do you think most people will want? The cheaper dongle that can't run netflix, or the one slightly more expensive, but can do it? It's not about "ME", but about the success of the project, for me to be able to recommend it to my family and friends and tell them "There are no limits". Not being able to share it with no one is the same as a walled garden, but in the worst form, one that won't grow by itself. You comparison is bad, it's based on owning a product that you are buying and get full coverage of your national's consumer protection system, meanwhile this is a project where the product you will get is a gift, a reward for the backing, and I don't think they should fall under the same category (if they are, I still thing it shouldn't, cause you are backing a project, not buying a product here). Instead of comparing what "I" want, let's compare with what everyone wants, 6 in 7 people are buying bikes, there must be a good reason for that, and maybe, buying a bike instead of a car in those circumstances is actually a good option, it would be cheaper, unless of course you are being an extremist in your example and saying the bike would be the same price as the car, for that, I would call for the consume protection and ask the money back or something like that, meanwhile, this project is going for an upgrade, so it would be a better car, but it would take more time to send it. Do you need it now? Then maybe you should buy the Androcar or the iCar, but my opinion is that making a good first product would be a good step towards success, while releasing an inferior and/or useless product is a step backwards. Going a single step to either opposite direction means that the difference between them is 2 whole steps now. @Maiko Sorry if I misunderstood you, but now you are making exactly my points, but then getting a different conclusion. This project was about an open platform. Without DRM. Without any hardware changes because the hardware was already final and it would jeopardize the promised delivery time All the backer presumable liked that enough to back it. Now the company has changed their tune and are changing the hardware, changing the software and want to run DRM because supposedly everybody wants to watch Netflix. To me that makes no sense what so ever. If there is so much demand for your product why would you completely redesign it into something that everybody already can buy in the shops now? Everybody who wants to watch Netflix can buy a Chromecast or a Amazon Fire TV stick and watch it. i don't understand that you find this is acceptable behavior just because there are a lot of other people who want to watch Nerflix. If you wanted a car would you be pleased if after a few months the dealer called and said that he was going to built a bike for you because he saw six other people buy a bike in the shop across the street and he figured that you really wanted a bike too? *As I also said, I care not for Netflix (and DRM per se) @Jeroen It's not buying, it's supporting the plataform and project, I hope you know what kickstarter is about, remember Oculus Rift, people got the product, but it's not like they were buying shares nor anything like that? I support Firefox OS, and this is the first TV device with it, my point was that I didn't mind the dual core, but quad core is better, I have a Geeksphone Peak, it had hardware problems, so if they are now going for a better hardware option, I'm all for it. As I also said, I care not for DRM, I don't have nor have any intention of ever having it, since I'm not really a movies person, even less want those failed translated subtitles that seemed to be translated via google translator. What I mean by calling what you guys are trying to do with matchstick a walled garden is that, remember, this is a PROJECT that you initially supported, I'm not sure how are kickstarter rules about lateness of rewards, if there are any, but this PROJECT that we supported "learned a few things in the latest months regarding the potential of Matchstick", so you talk about May and October, what if you made a project that would probably affect only a few geeks and stuff, and suddenly learned that the whole market is interested in this, would you not consider that "Some of that crap may actually be needed for the success of this project"? I'm not saying this is what happened, but that's what I understood from reading the email. I know how it is to learn new things after the project already went through, and want to redesign it to make it better, of course, it's not always that we can do it, and I'm not sure if I can trust the Matchstick team for alerting us of these problems so late in the game, but trusting issues aside, this PROJECT that we supported is to make a commercial product (You may read it as for-profit, capitalist-scum or whatever), I would love to be able to recommend my family "Get an Firefox OS Matchstick when it gets released, I have one and it's awesome", I wanted to do something like that with the phones, but they weren't exactly good compared to android after all, they don't have the apps that normal people usually want, like that whatsapp crap. I'm as much as a hater against usual things as your are, but I do recognize what is better for the growth of a marketable product. I have no facebook, so no idea. But is it possible to report their page? I am disappointed because this 'new' product is definitely Matchstick V2 and should have been the public release after the kickstarter campaign. In fact, had they shipped the original product early in 2015, most would have likely stumped up for the better model in August or September as well. Now, they probably won't (well, I won't be anyway). I have backed a few other kickstarter campaigns, and this won't stop me in the future, but this will go down as a very sour experience. Shame. @George Zamfir; as far as I know you can't have open source DRM. DRM needs to have a secret. This secret is used to decrypt the encrypted video so you can play it. Once the secret gets out, everybody can decrypt the video and play it. Look up what happened to the DVD when the DeCSS program was released (for example on wikipedia: <url>"no DRM" mode is not known because even Matchstick themselves say they have to update about this in the future (probably because they have no clue how go froward with the DRM stuff). I wouldn't have mind a bit of a delay. Anything can happen and sometimes this result in a delay. I would not have mind if that was like a earthquake or strike in a factory or something like that. But in the past they shot down every suggestion for better hardware. No wifi on 5Ghz, no bluetooth, no wired ethernet connection, only two channel audio, et cetera. All with the same answer: sorry, the hardware is done, we can't change it because otherwise we can't deliver on time. Check out some of their old comments from last October: <url>’ve accepted this, is their communication re this. It’s honestly (haha) rather pathetic. They have not apologized. Not once. In-fact their words almost scream arrogance and avoidance of admitting that they have done anything wrong. They have basically said “hey so we haven’t kept you up to date or let you have any input on this decision on a project you helped us create but, just an fyi, instead of shipping it now as we promised we’re going to change it all last minute lol. We have no reason to apologize, we know this is the right thing and we hope you’ll support as always because there’s no reason you shouldn’t.” I’ve worked in Customer Service for years so I know that even if your customers are being rude and wrong you still have to reply politely and understand their situation. The comment regarding DRM is basically, paraphrasing, “hey guys, shut up with your fuss – you don’t understand what DRM is and why it’s right” and even the responses to refunds appear to be brazen and unforgiving. There should be someone constantly replying, reassuring and helping backers. I also believe it may be a matter of them getting better funding from bigger sponsors so they’re forgetting/don’t care about the smaller kickstarter backers. It’s that or Matchstick wasn’t functioning as well as they wanted it to (apparently there’s wifi issues and its slow?) so this is a cover up. What SHOULD have been said, and the Matchstick team should do soon to avoid more bad media, is say something like “Unfortunately we must inform you of some changes and delays that will hopefully work out for the better. We have come up with better ideas and hardware for this project but this does mean that we won’t be able to get it to you until August. We sincerely apologize for this delay and we understand it may frustrate some backers so we are working on solutions to make this delay easier. We also intend to keep you updated on the process and use your feedback.” Hopefully this will all work out for the better but I will still need to buy a Chromecast whilst I wait for Matchstick. :) While I agree with your choice to build a better product, a six month delay does not bode well for your success in the marketplace. You have a number of competitors that are constantly updating and innovating in this space. 6 months from now what you deliver may not be worth the price of admission. Please provide us with refund instructions. Can't this device be both open source and DRM? Or at least put the DRM in a partition that we won't be allowed acces to, and the rest make it fully open source. At this point the only solution that will calm some of the backers is to make 2 firmwire versions for the V2, one with DRM and one without, and send each one the device they ask for, because V1 will never comeback, let's not kid ourselves. Based on their last update and if DRM is App selectable, I have no real issues except for delay. However, I'd rather have a delay and have it work properly when it arrives - delays are typically the norm for these things judging by comments. That said, when pledging for KickStarter projects such as this one, it's always buyer beware which is why I use a credit card as it provides another layer of protection. @Matt Davis, no this is not the norm. But it is also far more common than it should be. As you look at projects you should ignore those that are unable to explain about what stage of development they are seeking to fund. Some projects are very much in an idea and research phase. Other projects have completed prototype development which means they still need to production prototype and do the actual production. Others are ready for final production and just need help to fund the minimum quantity. Matchstick claimed to be either done prototype and developing for production, or almost ready for production. They even refused to make hardware changes because it would delay production. For them to now throw away all that and start from scratch with a new hardware platform is hard to believe. So I personally see two problems: 1) redesign from scratch 2) incorporating DRM Probably #2 requires #1. In addition to schedule, the problem with #1 is we know nothing about the openness of the new hardware. We did know regarding the initially backed hardware and it is obviously now too late to decide anything about the suitability of the new proposal. As for DRM... Most products that support DRM while also supporting "open" have severe limitations to the "open". The two cannot coexist because if I have full access I can subvert DRM. No way around it. So a common approach is to have an open mode which removes all the DRM support and lets you in to do anything you like. To do anything with DRM requires changing mode which wipes everything back to factory condition with DRM support and locks you out. Other limitations often include lack of hardware support when "open" such as no hardware assist for video and other advanced features. Bottom line: the current plan is for a product which has very little in common with the original kickstarter project. I think I am in the minority of people that are leaving comments, but I'm still excited about this project. I backed it knowing full well it had no chance of shipping in February, because I've never seen anything on Kickstarter that was not in production ship on time. But I will admit that I have 1 beef with all of this. It appears, like many of the other large projects on KS, that really the Matchstick team was only using the kickstarter platform to show investors there was legitimate interest so they could get real venture capital. I'm having trouble understanding why the original version of the device couldn't have been shipped and then DRM added through a firmware upgrade. The Androset MK808 uses the same SoC that was slated for the Matchstick, and they do software DRM for netflix just fine. I'm still looking forward to getting a matchstick, but I would have been just as happy (and happier much sooner!) with the device that I originally paid for and agreed to buy. I reported them on Amazon payments and asked for a refund. Let's wait and see what will happen. @Maiko: if you wanted a quadcore processor and a device that has DRM to play netflix, why did you back a project that did not have quadcore processor and specifically set out to not have DRM so it wouldn't have netflix? That makes no sense at all. You could have bought a chromecast and already have the walled garden you say you prefer. The blog of Mozilla regarding DRM is from May. So it send of that MatchstickMatchstick did not know about it when they launched in October but somehow managed to find it in February as "proof" that you just have to have DRM to be able to play a video. Jian H, Thanks for the link. Last section of the posting "To get ready for the now-delayed launch, Matchstick is also planning to staff up and raise some funding for its U.S. operations." I thought that this campaign was to raise funds which it exceeded for over 4 times the desired amount. Now they are wanting to raise more money. It just keeps getting worse. <url>"product I'm backing up to be open", to turn into a walled garden because its backers can't accept what unfortunately "normal" people want. If we want Firefox OS to grow bigger, we can't close it to just ourselves, it's great to show those "normals" that ours can do just as much, and just like Mozilla had to adopt to DRM, just so matchstick do. I do am fine with the delay because of the hardware upgrade, since I think a dual core would soon end up slow and bad, it's nice to know that it's getting better. i just got a kickstarter message from matchstick asking for my transaction id from amazon payments so they can start the refund process.. keep at it everyone and get your money back.. I don't know if it helped that I disputed the payment this morning with my CC company (it's evening now here), but I just got a private message asking for my payment details. I'm guessing they need it for the refund. Fingers crossed. @dj if you planing to post this all the time, please include what I said about asking the bank to go after the merchant and not just get a courtesy refund. Here's another idea. Go to Help/Submit Feedback in your Firefox browser and provide your negative experiences with Matchstick to Mozilla. I'm sure they are interested to hear our story, unlike Matchstick. To everyone wanting a refund, I encourage you to call your Bank/Credit Card company and ask to file a chargeback for a payment to ASI*KICKSTARTER COM on Oct 30, 2014. The matchstick people indicated that if you message them on Kickstarter and ask for a refund, they "will start the process". This is a lie. Numerous people have messaged them, only to receive a generic reply indicating that they won't issue a refund. Proof: <url>"where Chase is not able to process a chargeback from a merchant" Exactly, this doesn't mean the bank will not try... Just file a chargeback and be done with this crap.. If enough people do it, you can bet your ass the banks will go after them. @dj to keep you have as a customer usually when you dont have that many charge backs the bank as courtesy will eat the cost, they make enough money, trust me it happened to me multiple times and to many other people, specially with such a small amount. Here: <url>"Finally, it’s worth noting that banks may go above and beyond the general dispute resolution guidelines set by the issuing network. A spokesman for Chase, for instance, explains that “in cases where Chase is not able to process a chargeback from a merchant, we may, on occasion, provide a courtesy credit to our customers,” at a loss for the bank. " @Steven Shvartsman why would any bank just hand out money? They might give you the money back upfront, but don't think for a second the bank won't try to collect that money from the seller. If they did what you suggest, they'd be bankrupt pretty quickly... Have some common sense, man. Banks want to make money. They're not going to just "eat" chargebacks... That's also why they charge the sellers chargeback fees... @dj Most of the time when I call for charge back and its such a small amount the bank just eats it, I mean you can try, but thats what I seen, and if you read here people are saying same thing. Maybe not call the Bank but call Amazon directly and do a charge back that way ? I dont know... I`m just afraid the bank will eat the cost and this guys will walk free with the money and just be happy about it. @Steven Shvartsman not true! I have seen chargebacks for as little as $1.99 where I work... @Fabian Wilson and this I think is even worst then the delay or the change, there is no customer relations from there side. They should be sitting here and replying to people.... Trying to at least convince or explain to us why they doing this, instead they reply with a DRM FAQ and thats it, thats that... ( I think the reason for no refunds is they dont have money anymore, they spent it on getting there name in front of big guys like Netflix and broadcom) Its sad really and this is why crowdfunding will eventually collapse. I wonder if the Matchstick team understands how upset all the backers are over this fiasco? They have not even made a public statement with an apology or any options. I have request they just send me the dev unit and I would wait the 6 months for the newer version since I ordered 2. Still have not gotten a reply. They have to the end of today before I try and start a class action. <url>"valuable" customer... This will not slow down matchstick scam at all... We need to eather start some kind of class auction suit or get kickstarter to actually contact matchstick and have them deliver what they had on there product page and not the v2 they are describing, we also need to get bloggers involved, same people that were very impressed with what they had listed on the project page, engaged, gizmodo etc... To everyone wanting a refund, I encourage you to call your Bank/Credit Card company and ask to file a chargeback for a payment to ASI*KICKSTARTER COM on Oct 30, 2014. The matchstick people indicated that if you message them on Kickstarter and ask for a refund, they "will start the process". This is a lie. Numerous people have messaged them, only to receive a generic reply indicating that they won't issue a refund. Proof: <url>€ and I dont want Matchstick anymore. I want my product now cos I paid for it 4 months ago, I dont want to way more, and I dont want more features. @Willm Thanks, I'm going to do this. Also everyone look at <url>’t Do, bullit 1 and 2. ( <url>’t break the law. Don’t take any action that infringes or violates other people’s rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone. 2)Don’t lie to people. Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent. If need be, evidence of this statement will and can be provided. I respectfully ask you to refund my money. My name My location My kickstarter email address Dear(?) Matchstick team, "Because Matchstick is based on Mozilla’s Firefox OS inside, Matchstick has been following Mozilla’s stance on DRM." Please, don't try to put the blame on Mozilla for your poor choices. I've never paid Mozilla for a browser which will hopefully arrive with a six months delay because they decided to implement DRM last minute. The only link you have with Mozilla is that you are using their free, open source products to produce your non-free, alredy-paid-for-by-backers, and now also who-knows-if-open product. Mozilla is definitely not responsible for your choice of implementing DRM, changing the hardware and delay six months (at least). You are. Cordially(?), a backer Actually it sounds like what you guys really need is not DRM or a quad-core chipset, but a decent Product Manager that will hold your noses to the proverbial grindstone to ensure you deliver a product as per the reqs to your existing customers and then plan for a v2 release with DRM and any other whizzy feature. I'd actually find this an interesting and excellent example of "how-to-product-dev-a-v1-release-by-avoiding-feature-bloat", except that you have my money so I'm more annoyed than interested right now. @Justin, how are people freaking out for nothing? If you start a campaign on KS you are making a commitment to your backers to deliver the product as promised and in reasonable timeframe. Delays are inevitable, but 6 MONTHS? 6 months to implement something that wasn't in the original campaign, they simply shouldn't be allowed to change their mind at the last minute. We are their investors and we weren't consulted at all, their communication since this has been shocking... basically they have got too excited over interest from big brands and they no longer care about us. They told us the product was ready for production, this was a LIE otherwise they would be sat on 100s of units that they don't want to ship, how much money has been wasted? They are even asking for people with DRM knowledge to contact which probably means they don't know what they are doing and haven't even started. proof of my words : <url>· February 7, 2015 3:16 AM Hey guys, we totally understand your frustration. To expedite all refund requests, the fastest way to do so is through Kickstarter. Message us on Kickstarter and we'll start the process So I contact them through Kickstarter in a private message, as stated below (yesterday), and the answer is ............................ -> Matchstick.tv says: Hello, As we stated in our update, we are delaying our product, not canceling it. We are 100% committed to delivering Matchstick to you. Unfortunately delays often happen on Kickstarter. February was our best guess when we launched our campaign, and unfortunately we missed the mark. We are still willing and able to complete our project, we just need more time. Here is a link to Kickstarter's TOS: <url>"reasons" behind it. Moreover, you will be reported. I hope Kickstarter will try to protect its reputation for a change. PS. Why thanking me for my support? I definitely do NOT support you any more and will make whatever is in my hand that fraudsters like you get what they deserve. Can't this device be both open source and DRM? Or at least put the DRM in a partition that we won't be allowed acces to, and the rest make it fully open source. At this point the only solution that will calm some of the backers is to make 2 firmwire versions for the V2, one with DRM and one without, and send each one the device they ask for, because V1 will never comeback, let's not kid ourselves. @Hon Sing Sim: There is a comment by the creator. Just scroll down a little. It's time for Kickstarter to change the rules so that backers are more protected and have the chance to get a refund if the creator changes the product to much. We, the backers, bring in the money, no backers, no campaign, no money, no Kickstarter. @am4d. I got the same answer. Delay, can happen. Changing the product I backed, no way. I want a refund. All these companies make my trust in Kickstarter campaigns disappear. And the fact that Kickstarter doesn't help its backers in this sort of situations doesn't help it either. The only thing companies care about is making fast money. Yeah, i got the same reply as the guys (and/or girls) below. I don't think they are even reading and/or comprehending what we are saying. They don't seem to care that they promise a refund on their site and then not give them either. Perhaps they just like making promises and breaking them without hesitation?! To me it would be the same if the coolest cooler guy send an update saying that "he is delaying the product and is redesigning to incorporate a BBQ. You know, because everybody wants a BBQ. And he is still very committed to the cooler and intends that the end product can be used as a cooler, but you'd just have to wait a few years longer before you get it. BTW, does anybody know anything about heat resistance, convection and ash trays? Because he could really need some help with that.". I guess my only option is to contact my credit card company. Too bad they are giving Kickstarter a bad reputation, but to be honest even Kickstarter does not seem to care. I agree with am4d below regarding DRM and the next 'update' where they will tell you that "sorry, we had to skip all the open access we promised because otherwise you can't run Netflix". Making us wait longer is the short con. The long con will be saying "sorry guys we had to take away the silly root access and open stuff you wanted because of our DRM" Matchsticks reply: As we stated in our update, we are delaying our product, not canceling it. We are 100% committed to delivering Matchstick to you. Unfortunately delays often happen on Kickstarter. February was our best guess when we launched our campaign, and unfortunately we missed the mark. We are still willing and able to complete our project, we just need more time. Here is a link to Kickstarter's TOS: <url>" Basically saying no to a refund to everyone who wants it, keep reporting the project and messaging them and kickstarter through all channels. They won't listen to any of us, they got their money, pointing their finger at us and laughing all the way to the bank. It's amazing how you make a "selling point" of an open end platform streaming stick (because Chromecast isn't) to allow programmers to write software to use this. Many people placed their money into this project for just that. We were told that it would be ready and there should be no problems with this projection. Now, before the naysayers start pounding on the doors saying "Kickstarter is not a store, There are always a possibility of a delay in any Kickstarter project, and you take the risk when investing in any project..." You need to see the comments here. It's not the fact that they "might be delayed" hell I have some pledges that should have arrived LAST February and still haven't. Their delays were documented based on product failure after several stress tests... and I can understand that. What I can't understand is a company that says "We are selling oranges" and months later come back and say "Sorry, we are redesigning this from ground zero, throwing out the stuff you wanted, and here... here's your lemon... sorry, it's not an orange anymore..." i got a answer from matchstick and they will not refund any thing. this is a really sad thing for the open source world. it started as a nice open source device that i wanted to back and now it is just another chromecast :( it is better to stream thru my miracast clien i am so dissapointed on you matchstick. The reason people are still mad is because: 1. They lied about being on track, last min bait n switch 2. Not what they backed 3. Half a year delay for something they don't want which is different to what they backed. There was nothing wrong with matchstick having a dual core.. 4. Horrible miscommunication. People don't care if it's a better streaming stick, we have values. We don't like being used. They are even answering the other concerns like the refund. They just talked about the drm in hopes we forget about the other mess. Not good. There's projects that I've backed that are delayed but due to them being a good company and not being shady no one was mad. I suggest they stop giving the runaround and seriously address ALL problems. Also by the time matchstick v2 is out there will be something better around the corner so it sucks for those who aren't upset too. I would like a refund. Please advise After all these ranting. No reply from the creator? GREAT!!! Honestly I'm neutral on this thing supporting DRM. As long as I have root access and can choose if, when, and how DRM is used per app then who cares. I'm upset that I backed a project that indicated the hardware and software was ready to go, sans some software features which could be implemented in time for the February launch. I'm upset that here we are in the month I was expecting my shipping notice being told I have to wait another 6 months because someone got a hair up their butt to redesign the whole thing. If the original delivery date had been stated as August 2015, I wouldn't have donated. At this point I'm just going to buy a Chromecast. Just for plain interest: Does anyone know, what more processing power in a streaming stick would be good for? I mean: Either it is fast enough to play the video content - or not... or am I missing something important? @justin People are freaking out for a good reason.... based on last comment its even more clear, this guys have no idea what to do, and August date could also mean a myth at this point... People do not want DRM or faster processor they want a product they pledge for. If at least camping owners were honest and told us, we did not have a product we lied in the first place it would be one thing.... The story page clearly states the product is ready and working and working good ! They just needed a little financial push to bring it to us.... Now they are confused on hardware, DRM and features.... The last update (from today is even worst then fridays) Sorry guys but you are not making it any better.... Your best bet right now to deliver what you promised in the first place and then start on v2, if you actually had a product it should not be that big of a deal. It is unacceptable to delay a project that was supposed to take 4 month for another 6 month! and you waited until last minute to announce this? Hardware should have been ordered, tested and mass-produced by now! Have you done anything at all ?! I do not trust this project anymore. PLEASE REFUND. George, yes it can. The DRM is only for those applications that require it like Neflix. People are freaking out for nothing. I can't understand one thing, can't the device have both DRM and all of what they promised before like playing local content, ad-hoc etc.? Does it have to be DRM or local play? Because if it can do both plus the better processor and wifi, it would be a much better streaming stick and it would worth the august delay. I tried to find people asking for DRM or Netflix in comments. To be honest, there is a handful. Compared to the number of backers it is less than 1%. And compared to the number of comments it's less than 5% Conclusion: you took backers money and after getting the money, you changed focus for reasons that backers did'nt ask for. What is your name for this kind of practice ? If no name is comin to your mind, take a closer look to last comments, you will find a lot helpful descriptions. Corporate backer and software company owner here. I backed your project because I wanted a streaming stick to fire our realtime 3D apps and content from a tablet and other devices onto clients screens. I wanted a completely open source product with a full feature set that had no preloaded content, apps or DRM as there would be no call for this functionality. This seems to be the bit that you're not considering - your product was brilliant from day 1 and met the needs of every single person that backed you. Matchstick V1 was ideal and so I invested in you for 5 units, one for us, and four to give to clients - if successful I'd have bought a lot more, not just for the business either. Ultimately, I've watched this sorry affair unfold since Friday and I'm hugely disappointed. Your release date doesn't make much sense at the moment and your refocus on DRM is crippling and, most prudently, unnecessary to bring a great product to market. Ideally I'd like to see a 180° on this and have you spend what's left of the money on manufacturing the V1 (assuming that it was actually ready), supplementing any shortfall by charging an rrp on pre-orders through the web. Failing that, I'll be another voice calling for a refund on my investment. To be clear, it'll be because of the miscommunication, lack of transparency and new direction you're taking. Backing a completed project ready for manufacturing and backing a project which is in a concept phase based on a V1 design are two entirely different propositions; particularly for a product I have no interest in, and by the time it's released, any use for. Good luck finding the right path forwards again. You told us "This is the reason we built an open platform with no walls was to give the steaming community a product that will run any app, for any content, without restrictions." This is what we backed. You are ignoring the reason why most of your supporters backed this campaign. We really dislike restrictions. Read your recent update and ask yourselves whether or not DRM is a restriction. If you do indeed plan to implement with the ability to turn DRM off perhaps offer the original version sans DRM now. What do I have to do to get a refund? You didn't explain how you intend to offer refunds to those who don't wish to support you anymore. You lied about the device being on schedule for February shipping while you inevitably knew it wouldn't be ready. You seem more concerned about licensing 'premium' content which isn't what the original backers pledged for. I STILL want a refund. im sorry but posting something about drm does not address the problems that you as a company started.. which is you changed the device that people backed and you did it at the last minute after re-assuring people that everything was on track and you did so on a friday afternoon and really didnt engage with backers until this lame post about drm.. why dont you try to address the real problem of why you screwed everyone over at the last minute and worry about drm at a later date Your new explanation about DRM makes it only worse. At least what I'm reading is that you have no idea how to implement this. Why else would you be asking for help I'd you already knew how. I highly doubt the DRM can be implemented at the same time that a user has full access. The entire point of DRM us to prevent easy copying. If someone has full access they can just grab the video output and save it. Sorry to burst your bubble. So it'all be something like DRM or full access, but not both at the same time. I can already buy DRM sticks today. Why would I want yours? Like I said before, I don't mind that you are developing a 2.0 version. Just do it after you created and delivered the 1.0 version. Make a new kickstarter for that if needed. Don't change the project and throw out all the promises you made on this project. Don't be like all the other corporations that love to announce vaporware but never deliver. People gunna hate -- I'm in favor of waiting for the better product. I ain't trying to watch screen tearing. Make it fast and release when its ready or not even worth it. I would never have backed you in the first place if I had known... Just a few thoughts for the Matchstick team, if they are still reading these comments. The appeal of your product to your early adopters (backers), was in large part because it was a completely open source device, which did not constrain developers with DRM and other 'walled garden' constraints. It appears you've decided to make commercial partners your number one priority, and are now aligning to what these commercial partners want; i.e. creating stuff for Phillips, and others, and trying to ensure your device can be used in ways such as the Broadcom one on your Facebook page. The issue I foresee here, is that you are haemorrhaging goodwill from your early adopters, and as such, will completely fail to penetrate the consumer market held by Chromecast, FireTV et all. The thing about new products, is you need your early adopters to speak highly of your product and your company to their friends, who will then go and buy one too, and that is now slipping away from you. The thing that made your product different from the others was the openness, and hackability of the device. That is also slipping away from you as you chase the commercial bucks. At this point, many of your backers are feeling that they'd be as well just buying a chromecast or whatever. They can have one tomorrow after all. The other point worth considering, if you've decided that your behemoth commercial partners are where your future sustainability lies - if there is good money to be made embedding this tech in other consumer devices like tvs, set top boxes etc. Do you really think the tech giants won't whip up something in a quarter of the time its taking you, and completely undercut you? The resources, economies of scale, and supply chains that google, amazon or whoever can throw at this means you'll be muscled out of the market before you've realised you've burnt your consumer bridges. You seem to have lost the one angle that made your device a bit different, and a bit special, and it saddens me that you can't see that. I've never gotten a kickstarter item on time. Usually a six month to a year delay so I expected this. I just hope they still deliver on the original promises after adding DRM and upgrading the processor and whatever else I keep going over this in my head and I think I understand those people that are saying this is ok.... You are thinking they are delaying to finish the product they started, if that was the case I would be ok as well. But read the update, its a full redesign and basicly a completely different project, this is why so much backlash... I`m almost 100% that Netflix and other content providers approached them and in order to get a working product they needed this redesign.... This is a full 180 from what the project page says... And not answering anything on here about this is just adding fuel to the fire.. There should be a dedicated person sitting here and replying to this posts... Customer relations is like 40% of a good company, especially when they already took our money "Matchstick Support (Admin, Matchstick.tv) commented · February 6, 2015 6:16 PM Hey guys, we totally understand your frustration. To expedite all refund requests, the fastest way to do so is through Kickstarter. Message us on Kickstarter and we'll start the process." For all of you asking about refund just send the request then. I did. Update #15 Jan 8, 2015: "...We will be sending out shipping surveys in a few weeks, so please don't email us your address at this time. Soon enough, we'll be reaching out to update addresses for shipping." LOL This is the quote that blind sided me I guess the questions on my mind before asking for refund are what are the benefits and cons of DRM for the Matchstick and is this what is causing the delay? I'm also wondering if FLINT and Matchstick are being phased into one product - thus the DRM requirement? The initial stretch goal of adding AdHoc and Local Play was outstanding and very promising but I think mission creep as @edochan mentioned is occurring. The team needs to focus on initial Matchstick deliverable as per the outlined project and then perhaps Matchstick V 2.0 add DRM (if required). I suspect the Matchstick team will have a meeting early this week (if it has not happened yet) where focus will need to brought to bear and a better discussion/comment offered to backers. Adding DRM (with implied restrictions) to initial Matchbook project could be costly for the team unless they can better explain "the why." Still supporting the team but would like clarification as explained above. I too want my pledge refunded - this was intended as a present for a relative and it'll be rude for me to tell they need to wait a full 1/2 year longer than indicated Please advise and @kickstarter, it's in no one's interests to see such a poor example of managing customer relations - 6 months is far too long a delay! Would also like a refund. Please advise 6 month is to much. Aye. I posted on their facebook page that they might want to start engaging customers instead of ignoring them. Might be worthwhile others posting on there - it's more 'public' than the ks comments. <url>`m dealing with another scam project from a different site, where the guy just took the money and ran, using a US based company to collect the money... Also the position that this sites take, such as kickstarter(and some backers) is "that you should've known what you're getting yourself into, and we are not responsible or liable at all" When most human beings are good natured and believe other people when they say "we have a product and just need a little financial help to make it a reality" but in reality they have an idea of the product and after collecting money, then they only start making the plans to get a product going and actually making something from an idea. All it takes is a flashy video, few t-shirts and good sounding description. We put money down believing we are buying something, but in reality there is nothing there..... I doubt very much I will be backing any project going forward, it was a good idea, but I`m done, some people have disposable income for things like this, but I don't, I rather just buy another REAL existing product and leave with it..... Sorry for a long rant, but I really do feel cheated and betrayed and kind of mad at myself for actually thinking that what I read on the project page was true reality...... Crowd funding is going this way unfortunately. Read about the Kreyos watch and the current Storm E bike on offer. Bait and switch is part and parcel with making money unethically. The platform allows it and as backers we have to ensure any losses incurred don't impact too deeply. Be loud with your discontent. I doubt the developer will man up and respond to their unhappy backers. @Steven Shvartsman, ''@Matthew Duane I would agree with you, except they are completely changing the project,'' Exactly. Remember the oft quoted sentiment, that seeking perfection is the enemy of good. Or as stated by Shakespeare: Were it not sinful then, striving to mend, To mar the subject that before was well? Remember at the beginning of the campaign how they could not change the hardware because it would cause too much of a delay? Specifically several times that was claimed re. the WiFi capabilities. "The hardware is already done" etc. Now months later they decide to change everything? At best this is simply very poor business management. If you realize a product is not going to be viable it is usually a good thing to cancel it, except when it is already developed and good enough. And almost never when you have already sold it without delivering to the buyers. It is never a good thing to force people to take a different, fantasy future product without giving them the option of a refund now. Never attribute to malice that which can be explained by incompetence. Leccion aprendida Bueno, daremos por perdido nuestro dinero, pero le recuerdo a las personas que realizan un proyecto, que los plazos son para cumplirlos por muy novatos que sean en estas cosas, que decepcionar a los que han confiado en ellos, hace que en el futuro muchos no te vuelvan a apoyar. Todo lo que decis en vuestro email, se podria entender si hubieseis informado estas dificultades durante la realizacion del proyecto. Me siento engañado por no decir otra cosa, invertir en algo para que luego ustedes no cumplan perjudican indudablemente no solo a ustedes si no tambien a los demas proyectos serios de la plataforma KICKSTARTER. YO TAMBIEN PIDO LA DEVOLUCION DE MI DINERO No longer interested. I guess that's $18 down the drain. It feels like a big ripoff. Even if it turns out to be the best streaming stick ever, some people may not want it anymore due to the actions of the company's bait n switch thing that happened (last minute announcements, etc.) Also.... To the people 'laughing' and riciduling those who want refunds: Stop...respect others because not everyone backed the same reason you backed the project. People want refunds for these main reasond: 1. SHADY lack of communication with the TIMING of it (its really unacceptable even if you like the product) 2. DRM (people have different reasons but what was once addressed during funding has CHANGED. Most here know what DRM is, but they simply wanted a non DRM device for various reasons. 3. Massive delay for stuff they dont care about because they backed it in the first place knowing the details of the project. The fury and angry comments by backers wouldn't be as hard if they communicated properly. Don't be disrespectful, we are just stating the facts of the situation. Good luck to everyone. P.S. this will allow another company to step in on Kickstarter or IRL and release an even better product than matchstick (because of their new 6month delay). Total fail. This is no longer what we backed - who wants DRM??? What are you guys thinking??? Scammed us out of nearly half a million bucks!!! With what is available on the market today, why does this product exist? I backed Matchstick because I value open source products. But even if this item came to market today, I'm not confident it would sell. I have a Amazon Fire TV stick that I purchased days before I backed Matchstick. It does pretty much everything Matchstick is supposed to do, comes with a remote, and is available TODAY. In 6 months, I'm afraid that Matchstick is going to be embarrassingly obsolete. Want to add DRM support? These days new features can be added with a firmware update. Antenna problems? Use an HDMI extension cord to move the dongle. My brother did that with his Chomecast. Update the processor? Matchstick 2. Additionally , I am highly suspicious of the 6 month extension. If they are looking at a new processor and possibly a new antenna system, this would possibly lead to a redesign of the circuit board. It is all surface mount elements, so a factory is going to have to assemble it. Cases are going to have to be injected molded which requires a mold to be designed and approved. All of this requires lead time to meet a date. So why did they wait until 22 days before the commitment date to reveal that they are going to redesign? Even if they went with the existing design and started manufacturing today, I doubt they could make 24,000 of them and ship in 22 days. You stoll us ! Stop this bullshit, we had a deal. You can't just hijack backers ! Matchstick got a nice knock on the door from satan. Who bought these suckers out, had them close the doors on open source, and pay them enough money for it to bend there ethical compass into screwing all of us over. They used our money to get the product where it needed to show well to investor groups. Then they sold there souls. Hopefully kickstarter gets involved cause this project will be a major blow to their company. Kickstarter should protect there backers and not set them up for disaster like this. Matchstick showed there true colors though, after watching Silicon Valley the show I get how sociopathic the tech industry is, and how they view people like they do energy, as just a resource not actual people. I would feel sick to my stomach if I was apart of a company that took a bunch of people's money by deceiving them. I would like a refund! I would like a refund as well. Well they just flushed every last scrap of good will in the community down the toilet. Even if they ship in August the project is essentially DOA. does not make it right. I feel scammed and lied to and then just arrogantly giving out another date... @Matthew Duane The issue is they are not giving us what we ordered on the front page, instead changing the product completely and then pushing back the date 6 months, yes people have issue and production gets pushed back, but to just fully change the product and tell people that you have to wait 6 more doesnt seem acceptable to me, its bait and switch in my book. They are not delivering what they sold to us in the first place. While this is ok for companies that announce products and dont take people money, or even companies that do pre-orderes, but dont charge until shipping date. This guys sold us a dream, we bought it and now they are changing what they sold us and pushing it back 6 months (which is time frame for new project). Adding DRM means the platform will have to be closed. I get what you saying about kickstarted project, but it And for those complaining about adding DRM, I don't see how this violates the spirit of the open platform ideal. I mean, many linux distros support DRM-protected media, and there are commercial licenses included in a variety of software platforms and popular tools. If the Matchstick suddenly does not allow hacking away at the OS and basically creates a closed garden, then I will join you on the front lines. But as far as I can tell, this is an added feature to Matchstick (something I kinda expected when the product was first pitched), not some insidious attempt to steal people's money and create a completely different product. But apparently people thought this was only going to be a device to stream content from your laptop/desktop, where stuff like DRM is handled. At some point you have to deal with those issues for content providers, so moving it to the device doesn't feel that significant of a deviation. I'm not an advocate for changing designs on the fly, and yes I'm annoyed about the delays. But I've had projects delayed for years here because the developers spent too much money before understanding about fabrication, shipping, etc. This hasn't come close to that level of incompetence, and personally I don't feel the open-source ethos underlying the project have been violated. Regardless, by all means people should try to get a refund if they want (it's your $18 or whatever you pledged), but I'm simply voicing one investor's differing opinion. To those on Matchstick's side...don't you see the hypocrisy of Matchstick creating an open source device, then doing a 180 to implement DRM to work with Netflix? It is a complete sell-out and THAT is why people are pissed (not because of an $18 Kickstarter project that failed). @Steven Shvartsman I guess I basically read the initial product design as a hacked-up chromecast with a different OS, and considering they are improving the underlying hardware and (trying) to add more functionality out of the box, I'm not that bothered. I never expect KS technology projects to be delivered on time; I've supported a number and rarely have they been shipped on the day they expected. My guess is the team looked at the hardware they had, realized it was going to be more difficult than expected to get content providers running on it, and made the decision to see if they could push the deadline a bit farther and produce a better product. I mean, the Pi just rolled out a new spec that is significantly more powerful than the previous generation, and I'm guessing this device is going to have similar capabilities because that processor package is now economical on this scale. And as an attorney as well as a software developer, I absolutely understand how DRM support can be a bear and how they probably feel it makes more sense long-term to roll it out with this release than "screw" people with a non/limited DRM compatible one now and then another one a couple months later for purchase that supports more platforms. I get the anger, but again, I never view these projects as ordering from a store I'm giving some people a bit of my money to try to produce something interesting, and along the way decisions will be made that deviate from the core spec. I'm okay with that. If in August I get a model car with a bad paint job instead of a streaming media stick, then I'll be pissed. But this announcement, while ill-timed, just doesn't get my blood boiling. I may just be in the minority on this. @Austin- That is one way to get a refund, but chances are, the credit card company just eats the loss. I want Matchstick to lose the $ after they sold out to a higher corporate bidder. Hopefully, Matchstick allows a refund, but something tells me all our $ has already been spent. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Matthew Duane I would agree with you, except they are completely changing the project, almost like a 2.0, people bought in to idea that was listed on the project page, and they send out an update saying that this idea was for a "hacked up chromecast". So basicly they are saying they lied to us in the first place to get out money and now they see there mistake and will make it right with extra 6 months ? Are you really ok with that ? You ok with them saying last month they are ok on scheduled and about to start pre-orders and now sending this update ? You ok with the statements in the product page: "The product is fully functional today, with the hardware design final, tooling complete, and manufacturing ready to ramp up in the next 30-60 days. We also have fully functional sender apps for Firefox, Chrome, iOS, and Android - you can Fling from any of these platforms on almost any laptop or mobile device." And now basicly the complete opposite of that, we dont have anything at all and want to design a new product ? While I do think its nice of them not to charge for an upgraded project, if it was done in good faith, but it seems its a corporate sell out like others mentioned. The latest update is plain rubbish. How do we demand a refund? So, you are saying anyone can start a Kickstarter project with a too good to be true idea, get money from people who will trust the idea blindly and show disrespect on their face, take their money and not be transparent and most importantly get away from it. I love Kickstarter then, I will come up with something and start my own. Get myself a chopper to fly around. How about that? Can you please start listening to backers and find a way to process the refunds who wants to get it. Thanks for your support. As suggested in other posts give us the option of a refund. It was the open part of the project that was interesting to me, I've got a Chromecast already and it works just fine with DRM content, I don't need or want another. Sorry mates for being THAT upset, I feel like we've been sold too fast to corporate BS. To my experience, probably the guys at matchstick were blinded and wanted to "hop-on" the latest news. <url>ಥ_ಥ and as @R G says below. People were buying this because they didn't want to use netflix. Now we're supposed to wait while they ad netflix support. They have 'pivoted' there business model and its not for the better interests of the backers. @Matthew Duane I don't disagree but they are delaying the release to update the hardware and build drm for things many people don't want and didn't buy the device for. If they run out of money and we get nothing, its because they kept improving it and making it un-achievable with the funds available. They should just do what they said they would, even with the delays that comes with. put the improvements in to the NEXT version. @Matthew Yes, there is a potential risk. And to tell u the truth its not much about delays. It is about changing complete course "on the fly" thats one thing - to work on what you promised your investors - than creating a totally different product. equals to betray in trust. @Matthew Duane: Well put! Thank you! Unless a refund is offered in the near future I will be disputing the Amazon Payments credit card charge. This is kind of how KS projects work. They are almost always overly-ambitious at the start, and then when the actual large-scale production occurs things come up, plans get contracted/expanded, and there are delays. And for the life of me, I don't know why people think of Kickstarter projects as an Etsy purchase or a similar shopping experience. You aren't purchasing a product; you are funding a project, and there are inherent risks in that. I'm sure this is just a vocal minority, but I treat at KS projects as the equivalent of lottery tickets - it's money I'm willing to never see a return from (and the KS EULA basically tells you as much). And frankly, I've gotten a couple of half-cooked products "on time" from KS, so I'm fine waiting a bit to get something that works and has some room to grow. Yes, I'm annoyed that the Matchstick won't arrive under August, but these all sound like semi-reasonable reasons for the delay, and unlike some projects the team seems to understand what they are and how to address them. If you wanted a plug-and-play device that arrived when you ordered it, buy a Chromecast, a Roku, or make your own with a hacked-up Raspberry Pi. Those are finalized products, most of which went through the same issues but behind closed doors. But complaining about delays in production and a (relatively slight) change of scope is occurring simply because we are all seeing how the sausage is made. Refund please, I don’t want to wait 6 months. Do you need class action to refund? I think it is a bloody shame how you blind sides the whole Kickstarter community. Please refund my money asap. This is a real shame. DRM using Microsoft PlayReady, wtf ? This is not what interests me, nor what I've paid for. Netflix and all that shit is not my priority for this open hardware and software device Incompetent or dishonest? You must have known you were not going to ship in February, well before this update, as you would have had to commit to production quantities months ago. Leaves a bitter taste. Seriously the internet removes all decency from so many people. First of all please do not talk about "all backers", "all of us", "everybody" and any thing that implies that I actually share your opinion! I have posted this before and I have also founds some posts from backers who agree with me on this: (1) Yes it is disappointing to not receive the product in February. (2) I think the option of DRM (whilst not the limitations of DRM) is actually a nice thing to have. (3) As for processing power I am happy to believe them when they say that after the testing that has gone on with the developer units they have realised that they need more. I have received a completely useless product before, which was not well thought through and just pushed out to meet the deadline. That was indeed a waste of money! I would have preferred for the team to reflect on their current product and implement improvements, so that the product actually work in a reasonable way. Also why don't you wait for their response to the questions that have been raised? To repeat these rants and insults over and over again does not help anybody. I am still excited to see the final product, don't let me down ;) So, how can we get our money back? I'd like a money back option as well! Incredibly dissapointing! I have backed three Kickstarter-Projects and this is the second flop. I will never be again a Backer for Kickstarter-Projects. I want my money back!!! before think a 2.0 version, you should have send and spread the first one. the one we have chose to give hope. it's not about the money [not at all] but it's hurt, because i've believed in this project. i'll think about refound, but i wish you think about an half way, something like: send the version 1.0 and get a remarkable coupon for the 2.0. This is a f... scam. the first, and the last time I use Kickstarter. I think that the owners of KS should care about these situations. Allowing this attitudes only get distrust, and less people will use the platform to fund projects. About Matchstick, yes, they used our money to create a Chromecast, with DRM, something that nobody paid for. I hope that at least mozilla stops collaborating with them. Refund pls, this is not what I backed! I want a refund. Your dev problems are of no interest to your backers. Do it or we will issue a group law suit against your company. Good day. What's worst, you used Firefox OS, Mozilla and the Open source community as a flag to advertise your product, and many people backed precisely for that reason. Now, behaving like this, you are discrediting them even though they have neither responsibility nor control whatsoever over the project! This is bullshit, deliver me ons of the old specs! This is absolutely not acceptable. I didn't back your next stick, I backed up the first one. This is really a scam. No information about your progress, now in February you say it's not shipping. You just be kidding.For August? What type of company are You? I am another one who reclaim a money back option as this is absolutely not what I Backed! I will take into consideration to proceed to legal steps if the company does not refund. No to throw a spanner in the work's, but refunds are at the creator's discretion. Kickstarter have been paid their commission and will do not to recover your pledge.You will need to start a charge back with your bank. It's not about the money, the delay, or the changes. It's still possible to believe that this is a sincere team. For me it's all about the utterly inept communication with backers. Even if your intentions are good, you've managed to possibly kybosh your project solely through the apparent contempt for your backers evidenced in your communications. What's most upsetting is that Apple users are presuming sitting in their walled garden with their blinkers on, laughing and smug thinking "I knew I was right"... And you've proved them right. Scammer and liar I don't want the DRM version. Nor do I car efor more processing power. You promised the project was almost ready and would be shipping soon. Now you are going to create a 2.0 version without fulfilling your promise. That is not a good sign. I guess in six months you are going to develop the 3.0 version and not bother sending the 2.0 version either. Please reconsider and first fulfill the first promise before you go chasing after the next rainbow. If you'd rather go chasing rainbow's I want my money refunded. There are still tweets on their timeline from January saying shipping will be end of Feb but they *MUST* have known it wouldn't be. Either it's a total scam or they are pathetically incompetent. Refund please! At this rate, I'd rather use the money towards an Intel Compute Stick which can do much more than your "new" Matchstick. Technology moves so fast these days. Why would I want to fund a project to be released in August but will be outclassed by all other newer products out there? I recommend everyone click the 'report this project to Kickstarter' link on the main page. In South Africa we've got a #PayBackTheMoney for our President as he "did not ask for upgrades to his home". Us matchstick contributors also did not ask for these changes! #PayBackOurMoneyMatchstick @all the backers: it was my first and last time, what you suggest to do now to have our money back or the promised project? Can we really do something? You presented a working device more than once. Now you decided to extend the focus, nobody really asked for that. This causes a delay of 6(in words six) months, according to your update. Come on, I'm not that stupid. I have to impeach credibility of your statement/company. @Albert_Hickey Here's the link: <url>"LOL" after stipulating that the licensee be "bound to the terms and conditions" and the first item says that: "We are totally down if you are. Are you down? Really down? Like down to clown?", I really start to worry about the competence of the people running this thing. I'm not Sergeant Buzzkill of the formality police; it just seems ridiculous to try to spiff up a license agreement with "cool" language and to take a document that has the SOLE PURPOSE of plainly and clearly stating the exact terms of the agreement, and obscure the important information with goofy jokes. It's like trying to read the fine print and finding out that you can't see most of it because giant colorful bubble letters are in the way blocking the text. @Creator ► you wanna know why I'm pissed???? (as for many other backers of course) I have pledged for 5 devices - not because I need 5 units - but because I believed in the concept, in the idea it was founded upon. and as it was presented to us (also, as finalized device). ► You went searching for the big $$$ instead of building yourself from the community itself. You were using our money to progress yourself towards corporal agreements... as if you forgot what this project was all about. We did not need another chromecast. You sold us and the idea of creating something truly great. ಠ_ಠ ► And on another note - based upon rough calculation there were supposed to be over 50K units manufactured. (It takes basically a month to manufacture this amount.. including QA tests and all) Meaning you knew about the delay for over a month. If that is not a sellout... than I don't know what is. ¿ⓧ_ⓧﮌ This really sucks. I'm one of those asking for a money back option. Dear project team, not too happy to find out that this project was a fraud. Will look into any means to make you responsible for it. -Jarno Had enough of this project at least I didn't lose much, I don't think we where ever going to get the product, I'm going out today and buying a chrome cast I understand the hardware updates, and that's all fine and dandy. But could you make the DRM optional? It could be installed by default for your average Joe who doesn't care about it, but for users who don't use it could you guys make it uninstallable? I'm not happy with the latest update. I could have bought a matchstick-like product months ago. Yet I chose to support this kickstarter project. The delay in release is unacceptable. Is there a money back procedure? Excuses...very disappointed with project...want my money back so I can get my self a Ras Pi or a Chrome cast I thought we paid for the project so....we should have had a say you should release this as it is and create a new project ie MATCHSTICK 2, If you read the comments on this site you could tell people were not happy with what was going on, now a LOT of you BACKERS are so angry, Bad management Your excuses are lame! Money back! Or lawyers! Actually by the time you send the end product it will not be much good. Other developers will be far aheah of you! STREAMERS will have beat you to the punch. My money will have been wasted! That's more hipe! Bull Sh...! Why should ANY ONE BELIEVE? What do I do to get my money back? I would go and buy a Raspberry instead .. thanks for the dream. BTW, Im planning to write to philips/AOC and TCL in the name of customers around. And add to that Mozilla who is batraying the community. They will have bad reputation if they go along with this. I want money back !!!!! This user's account has been deleted. 1) When did you decide the hardware change? 2) When did you decide the drm change? 3) When did you decide the delay? And if the answer to any of these is more than 48 hours ago why exactly did you let the February shipment date stand? What do I do to get my money back? I would go and buy a chromecast instead .. thanks for all the efforts. On the plus side this was a cheap campaign, I paid for two because it seemed like a real deal and because I believed the Campaign Team when they said it was pretty much good to go and the delivery time was relatively short. The thing that made me invest in this campaign was that I trusted the concept was fixed and the time frame short, I also believed in the concept of Open Source, as opposed to trying to duplicate the corporate behemoths of Amazon, Google et al. On the plus side should this product ever get delivered quad core is great, however I agree with most here why would we want DRM most of us have alternate sticks that do that already? The big sadness is seeing what was such a positive buzz around this project and the whole feeling of being part of something good, turning so bad, face it guys TRUST has GONE, a short delay we would have accepted, but it seems so arrogant to change the whole project without at least asking Us - YOUR BACKERS if we wanted this. Maybe you guys will deliver a great product in August??? but right now most people here feel duped that you didn't at least give us choices or involve us in the decision making, and not having the guts to face this self-created back lash is magnifying the anger in Us - the peple who made this whole project possible - this you seem to have forgotten! I rather pay full retail when it releases. I just don't see much of a savings after waiting this long already. I'm sure you guys knew people would be pissed. How come you're not providing options for the backers? Just waiting isn't an option. i knew this was to good to be true.. 2nd project that they totally screwed their customers.. wont ever spend another penny on any more kickstarter projects.. you can guess in august there will be another round of reasons they cant ship anything.. scam artists.. My first kickstart.. Won't be doing this again either. I am disappointed as well. I am moving and I didn't think this was going to take this long. Can you process a refund? I don't want to wait for 6 months for a product most likely will never come. I am very disappointed that we were not informed earlier about the delay. You must have known about the delay at least one or months ago considering the time it will take to manufacture the device. I supported this product because the open source and I have always used FF as my browser. I have couple Roku, Amazon Fire stick, and Chromecast. If I need one of those kind device, I can purchase it today not 6 months from now. I like to get a refund. This is ridiculous, filing a complaint. You do not promise a product then change the date you release a version 2. A new version of the Chromecast is being released soon. Are you going to push it back again to compete? Give me my money back and waste someone else's time. Whats killing me here is they are not responding to the backlash this is creating..... People wanting there money back and planing to do class action law suits... I suggest you guys start talking.... In 6 months the Matchstick is irrelevant. Trying to play catch up on the hardware is stupid -- a few months down the road the specs of the competitors will be better yet again. Deliver the hardware that you said months ago was ready ASAP.. Deliver the DRM support later in an (optional) update. Or give us refunds as you are not going to fulfill your promises. Honestly if it takes all the way to August it better be like Chromecast and Apple TV combine with a beautiful interface. This is very unprofessional and now I am disappointed in supporting you guys with this beyond reality project, Smh. This is now pointless because the negative press this delay will generate will now kill the whole project before it even gets going. You should have had longer reward windows at the beginning so this would have never happened. So while I understand the reason for the delay, I think it's killed your whole idea. Good luck with that. Refund please. Based on the last update, I'll cut to the chase. I'd like a refund please. This latest update is essentially a complete reboot of your project. You should deliver on your commitment on version 1 and start a fresh Kickstarter project to fund your version 2. DRM = Money Back. Delays = no Problem. This user's account has been deleted. I have mixed feelings about these last news. What I want from this project, as a backer, is a functional and open product. I welcome improvements as far as these are consistent with this. The better hardware is a good thing, nothing to say. The DRM support, though, is a delicate matter. If what you are doing is developing a fully open source implementation of DRM and with the possibility of turning it off, like Firefox does, then you are offering an extra feature with no downsides (and a service to the open source community). If, on the contrary, this will mean including closed source software on the Matchstick or limiting the control of the users on the product, then you would be breaking all of the premises of the project, and this would be inacceptable! You need to clarify this point, because it is not clear at all from your last update. Apart from all this, the six month delay is inexcusable! I really hope you will deliver a great product at least… I am super mad because I first pledged $18 for one unit but liked the idea so much I upped my pledge to $34. Now I just feel ripped off and no real update from Matchstick I guess they are to busy talking to their lawyers to even at least apologize to the backers. This also my first kickstart and I will not do this again. This user's account has been deleted. I reported this project to Kickstarter with the following comment: "Matchstick presented this product as something not requiring DRM, had a specified hardware speficication. Now, the same month as delivery has been promised, they change hardware, add DRM and delay the product six months. This is not the product we backed and if you check the forum, people are outraged! We want a refund." This is BS. You took our money with a promise of a product, and ever since you've been using it to fund the Broadcom and Philips products and generally having a good time. We're either getting a product that'll be shipped free to paying customers of content-providers or in a few months time we'l be told the money's run out. Stop posting all the BS and just be honest for once. To think I donated to Mozilla and Firefox over the holiday period! Well done guys, how to spank all your goodwill in one grubby little deceit. I would like a refund. I believe that this project is now not the same project that I backed originally. I didn't agree to DRM, and I didn't agree to an August delivery date. There's tons of device out there that have DRM, such as the Amazon FireTV Stick, Chromecast, Roku Stick, and others. Considering that I already have the 3 mentioned, I wanted this specifically for it's lack of DRM. Now you've removed that option. Either give us our money back, or deliver the product you promised. Please remove the DRM, or provide a refund. Bad move, I already have two chromecasts, I dont want another one. If I did, I wouldnt have to wait for 10 months! i'd just go out and get one right now. Can we do a chargeback? anyone knows? Like many, I'm disappointed by the DRM thing. I personally don't care at all about DRM. What the hell are you doing ? We agreed for an OPEN device, not a full of binary DRM crap... On January 22nd their twitter feed says they are on target to meet the deadline now it 6 months out. Refund please. This has nothing to do with hardware upgrades. It's all about Matchstick using all of their available resources to meet the needs of their new corporate partners (and getting DRM so it can work with Netflix, who they hated only a few months ago). How sickening....SELL OUTS. CES, Las Vegas, NV – January 6, 2015 – Matchstick today announced Flint, the first open software and open hardware video-streaming platform created with Mozilla’s Firefox OS inside. Flint aims to deliver highly interactive streaming and screen-to-screen experiences including two way interactivity, ad hoc and remote functionality. In addition to Flint, the company also announced hardware partnerships with both Phillips/AOC and TCL to distribute Flint enabled products including TV’s, monitors, and set-top boxes. @Monica Rowan - Please stop trolling. We are disappointed, however, the mob mentality you're spouting helps no one. DON'T SHARE THIS PROJECT! SOMEONE ELSE MIGHT BE DECIEVED! Too bad but following the Kickstart projects has taught me your company has CHOSEN to ut more money making projects ahead of this project and any promised delivery. UNETHICAL preditary for financial gain. CLASS ACTION SUIT!!! Why no real response from Matchstick to backers all I got was a email stating delays happen and now I have to wait. I respectfully state your company LIED to make your own personal projects move forward while uncaring about less money making projects! You should go out of business! That way no one else will be cheated! Everyone go to the project page and at the bottom is a report button use it. Also we need a class action lawyer. Class action suit! Kickstart is a fake! This is the message I am sending to the world. Monica, BS, MS, DM! Why does your EULA link in the FAQ section now give a 404? <url>"improvements" are worthless and detract from the product, we don't want any of it. I'll go ahead and take my money back now. Thanks. Kickstarter BASICS: If your project is successfully funded, Kickstarter’s Terms of Use require creators to complete their projects and fulfill all rewards AS PROMISED. If you are unable to fulfill your project’s rewards, you should make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing your project to a satisfying conclusion for backers!!! Steps should include offering refunds... For more information, see Section 4 of our Terms of Use. Why the hell we will want a DRM?!. Who are you to deside what we want?!,yes who are you!!,did you asked us ?!,we almost didnt heard from you those month and now when you need to supply you remembered to let us know?!?!. I fund this project because you said in the ad that its READY back then in oct.. this is our money and thats mean that you need to ask us what do we want and not what you think its better.. For now all i can say to you is ,where do i get my money back?! I would like a full refund. i will buy a raspberry PI2 and make a better device. Thx This is how I feel and I think it sums up everyone elses feelings, you can not take peoples money, and then turn around change the product right next to the shipping date. I feel like I was taken and my money stolen ! You are changing the product complete, meaning you lied to everyone, meaning this is FRAUDULENT project ! You should of finished 1 product and started on the next and not this ! Good jobs guys, you lost 97% of your backers, I hope there is no class auction law suit against your company (something to consider?) Very disappointing that you feel it's ok to tell your backers what they want out of Matchstick. We backed your product because of its open source nature, not for DRM, you have basically changed your mind and using us to foot the bill. I suggest you go back to delivering the product you promised to your backers and building your better faster DRM model with your own cash!! I guess I'm in the minority here but I see this as pretty good news, delay notwithstanding. DRM is bad, yes, but they're not saying they're going to lock it down or anything crazy like that. I mean, the way I read it, they're going to write an open source implementation of DRM'd content playback. This content is /already protected/, they're just giving us a free (as in freedom) way of viewing it. This would solve problems for a lot of smaller open source projects that want to be able to play this content, but can't. I wish the delay wasn't there, I really do, but I expect it. It's crowd funding, nothing goes out on time. This user's account has been deleted. Could you guys go ahead and let us know why we didn't hear of a six month delay until the product should be shipping. You as the developer should give us some heads up when your behind scheduleschedule. youyou already have our money, its your responsibility. I have pledged to a indie Dev. Whom is one guy working on a full featured game he is behind schedule, however he let us know six months before releaserelease date. I don't see why we were never notified sooner... Very sad to see how Mozilla treats its biggest fans :( I actually agree with the team. DRM is what I am looking for. I'm not looking for an open sources toy but something that I can actually use with the premium content out there. Yes I am disappointed that it doesn't ship in Feb and just communication has been really bad. But in general I prefer to wait and receive a product that I can use! This user's account has been deleted. Like many others, I'm also very disappointed. I believe the decision to add DRM is a misjudgement on the part of the Matchstick team on why people supported this project in the first place. I am very dissapointed with the latest news from Matchstick creators. We pledged because we love open source, we love Firefox OS, we believed it could be something different ! The majority of backers didn't ask for DRM or better CPU or anything else. I think almost everyone wants the product you first promised to deliver. We were waiting for a February release and without any notice you postpone to August. That is really sad. Is there any way to get a refund? <url>#t=277 1 month ago at CES Liliputting: "The final version should ship in a couple of months" Matchstick: "February to be exact" So either that was a blatant lie or you just suddenly decided to upgrade the CPU and add the DRM no one seems to care about... REFUND PLEASE? Another unhappy customer, can understand improving wifi and processor speed, but I wanted an open product for content off my own network, not something to support expensive closed subscription products.... the main attraction was that this was open! How about you release the product we pledged for and continue developing and "upgrading" and we can make the decision about if we want/need the upgrades. 6 mos + is a long time in this game. You could even give KS backers a coupon code for the new product when you have it ready, timeline/expectation free, and everyone wins! Why don't you want everyone to win? I am gonna say YES to DRM. Not that I like it, but its a reality. If I hope this thing to successfully compete with Chromecast or Roku, I see no way NOT to have DRM. On the other hand, keep waiting will just adding to the chance of failure. I gave my support, I am not gonna ask it back. I am just sad somehow Mozilla never seems to be able to find a solid and committed partner in any of their Firefox OS products. I guess OSS has its shortcomings. Wow... I don't know what else to say that hasn't been said... I wanted to wait and see how others reacted to see if I was over-reacting... Clearly I'm in the majority here. So what's the plan to fix this, Matchstick? The people (AKA the $$$) has spoken. Disappointed. All is said before. I don't want my money back, but the stick i've backed. I'm really disappointed! 1 - Ship it when it's working 2 - May I respectfully ask that you please explain to most of us the requirement for DRM?? All I remember from DRM is the Microsoft software issues. Is the intent for DRM to have Matchstick broadcast Netflix from tablet to TV? Or is DRM a requirement for your TV embedded project (can't recall the name). If so, why is it a Matchstick requirement? What are benefits of DRM - I only see cons based on previous experience Thanks in advance Respectfully, Marc C. Looks like I'll be better off with chromecast. With this new DRM twist what do I get that I can't get with Chromcast or any other TV stick? How can I get my money back? If I wanted DRM, I would have bought Chromecast. I wish I spent my money on an open source project instead of sponsoring yet another defective by design device. I could understand March, maybe April, but August.. Really.. All to add a faster processor to support DRM which I was not wanting since I already have other "smart" devices to provide DRM. This does not sound like the "progress" that was going to make this an Open Source project to make us all happy. Like others are suggesting "It is now it is going to be another crippled DRM product". After backing 30 Kickstarter projects and an almost the same amount of Indiegogo projects I am now seeing that these "bad business decisions" are becoming the norm after several of my backed projects have gone belly up after "chasing the rainbow". No more crowdfunding for me. I'd like to add my voice to the please-no-DRM comments. I'm not opposed to Netflix but I have a Chromecast for that. I pledged because I wanted a TV stick that would allow me to easily play content from my local network on my TV, not so I could have two Netflix streaming devices. Hate to join the crowd, but I must admit that I too am truly disappointed. I think that going to CES was a grave mistake that led the founders into a "pie in the sky" mentality. Then to say that you would have an update in 24-48 hrs and not deliver for 3 days and not respond to Twitter requests.....Now I'm supposed to believe you about August. You have done your backers a big disservice that will haunt you. I strongly disbelieve in DRM. If I knew there will be DRM on it, I wouldn't have backed the project. I feel like I have been lied to. You guys are jerks!!! How the hell do you promise something and then say, oh we are going to give you a Firestick instead?!! We already have DRM sticks!!!! This wasn't part of the deal!! You said, OPEN!!!! You all sudden decided to pull a fast one on us?!!! Was this the plan all along?!! Lead us with a carrot?!!! You know what you can do with your Matchstick!!! You can shove it!!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!! First line annoyed me enough I'm taking time to write this. I knew what I signed up for, I don't want something different six months later. You are obviously done, I can accept someone fooling me for $20 box once. However damage you made to Firefox or KickStarter brands is just amazing that I'm surprised it is possible at all. I also wish to say... that if mozilla sipported this project it is a bad sign to us all... to see where the wind blows. Want my money back too... DRM is a bad idea, I no longer want my matchsticks I pleged for. This is going in a bad direction and if this was pitched to me today I wouldn't pledge. I would genuinely like a refund if this is the plan. Very disapointed, manufacture and release what you originally promised. Since the scope of the project has changed so much and the shipping gets pushed out to more than double the original lead time, are you offering refunds to those of us that feel that the "progress" is seriously deficient? From the Kickstarter campain description "Status & Schedule": "The product is fully functional today, with the hardware design final, tooling complete, and manufacturing ready to ramp up in the next 30-60 days." So you simply took the decision to spend the money from your investors on something else. That should be a valid reason for a refund! Btw: What did you show at CES? If that wasn't already the quad-core hardware, the trip was just a waste of money. Your backers money that is. Vapourware anyone? Ben voyons � Echo the crowd - I can get DRM crippled video devices from Google, Amazon, Apple, Roku ... I supported Matchstick specifically to encourage a non-DRM crippled video ecosystem. Extremely disappointed. I can handle a delay, no problem. They happen when developing things, but I already own Drm streaming devices like an Apple TV and playstation, that have better specs than whatever you are now trying to shoehorn into the stick. I pledged support precisely because matchstick was completely open, and I think that's where the future of tech lies. Now I hear my money is going towards further supporting drm, and a product even farther from completion than the original was. Can I have a refund please? No interest in more drm, so no more interest in matchstick. In the meantime, the Fire TV stick already does all the DRM services and I can build apps for it as a simple packaged webapp. You promised a device for hobbyists and custom new uses, now you are delaying that to move towards a crowded marketplace dominated by Google and Amazon and Roku with their TV sticks. This is nuts. This is a bad business decision. Going from blue ocean to red ocean, as the business strategy folks say. This is the only Kickstarter I've done that I've wanted my money back on. I've been part of some that were underwhelming, but I was OK with that because the product delivered was the product promised. This is not that. You're changing a lot of things and adding things no one asked for. I signed on for a simple DRM free streaming stick, not just another "ME TOO" media stick I could have bought at Wal-Mart and be using already. Seriously disappointing. And how about people changing address? I won't be living in the US in August :( "we want to bring you the best product possible" Maybe on August, this will not be the best product possible. Time to market is as important as product features. The "Matchstick" will be forgetful in promises. Sorry, just my opinion. More 6 months??? I guess I'll be getting another Chromecast after all. :( Ok this is really bad news. But at least we know now. I understand its hard to start a new company and launch a new product but you could at least give a short update to ur backers every 2 weeks or so. DRM = Money Back. Delays = no Problem. You say you made some hard decisions about the delay, why didn't you involve us in these "decisions"? Disappointing... really ! this will totally lose the momentum. And what is this issue with DRM all of a sudden? We all have that on fireTv sticks Roku and other existing media players. I doubt if the Matchstick will stay relevant. Especially now... with intel cpus on sticks with complete windows platforms... I'm happy to wait since I think this device has a lot of potential, being the only one I can see with a really any customer input but I'm just curious as to the state of matchstick now. You wish to delay due to hardware and software upgrades, content providers, and independent developers and those are all valid reasons for delays, they happen all the time, but I am just wondering how far exactly matchstick has come as of now (ie. what are its capabilities, flaws, strengths, cool new uses unlike other devices of its kind, etc...). I think just that information and active participation, regular updates about the changes and active demonstrations, answering new questions, etc, with your backers would help tide whoever is still interested over (and even help to gain others back) until the official release. DRM kills another great idea. Very disappointing. This is the first time participating in a crowd sourcing campaign and I am at a loss. I thought waiting until February was bad... Now waiting another 6 months without a hunch? All the other updates sounded like things were running smoothly on your end. If you actually kept us up to date with things this wouldn't be such a surprise to all of us. I feel like I gave them money so they can go to Las Vegas and have fun at CES. Hi guys, I'm reading a lot of comments. I think most of people do not understand what is to start a business... This project is as mentioned, the first HDMI stick base on Firefox OS. High expectation I guess ;) Delay is part of the "game" and we should all be patient about it. Communication is the key, I'm 100% agree with others guys here. Whatever happen, whatever how long , we need to stay up to date and know where you guys going. We are part of you biggest challenge, lets stay professional and give us as much updates as you can :) Last update sounds amazing, i'm really happy on what your final product will look like. Be strong and keep doing this great HDMI stick ! Cheers, Benoit 6 months? Well I guess getting better performance before you receive it is better than wanting better performance after receiving it A six month delay when the initial timeframe was five month? Even if this is kickstarter i'm not impressed. Changing the CPU after stating the hardware prototypes where sampled July 2014? Sounds like "Hey let's wait for the next big thing." Can you imagine what the big boys will do in the next six month? I'm pretty sure quad-cores are low end by then. Will you then delay another six month to get Matchstick "upgraded" to an octa-core? Main focus is DRM?! I can already use FireTV, Apple TV, Cromecast et al to play DRM stuff. Matchstick was interesting because it promised to play the stuff i have on my devices without being restricted by all the limitations the major players implemented. Go and deliver what you announced. Fast. I am very disappointed too. What crap. I backed a transparent and libre consumer product... now its delayed so it can be infected with DRM in courting content providers? I could by that kind of garbage off the shelf at a local store. Why would I want to develop on yet another of the same? Anyone want to buy my four matchsticks? I'm really disappointed. This project is such a fail. I'm not gonna wait till August 2015 to receive some stupid media player. Yea August? Hmmm no I don't think so!!! This is so disappointing!!!! I think they trick us all to thinking they we're going to ship it by February. If I knew if was for August I would of never backed it! Where as I think waiting until a product is ready is a good idea, August is way too long, there will be a plethora of new devices like this by then! Most with better specs! It needs to be released asap in order to compete against chromecast etc, I can see this kickstart going belly up like so so many others that miss judge costs and time scales.... Please release it asap with the new hardware, then release the software (in beta) as and when you develop it just send it out to us in builds like Microsoft is doing with windows 10! Another 6 months? Announced the month you were supposed to ship? Really? I'd like to cheer you on, but this looks like a big letdown with other competition available now to purchase. You should first ask ourselves what we thought, you have to be accountable to us Why not releasing now a good product instead of a better never? Really disappointing... So from a dual core to a quad core chip... but you don't name the chip you're going with. Seriously? Thats bs. You guys have no freaking idea what chip you're going with do you? Delayed in Feb... your shipping month.. classy. Now that Amazon is also in this space, you are going to get absolutely crushed. August? really? It is disappointing Oh well, these things happen. I'll just get a Chromecast to use for the time being. This is why I will not use kickstarter again - always the same... Broken promises - yes! I'll take a refund on another pie in the sky idea that the founders couldn't handle or manage correctly. Thanks for the update, but please don't let feature creep lead to me never seeing a matchstick. I supported the project because your version1 that you talked about in your initial pitch sounded great to me, not because of the things you think you can do now that there's new stuff out. Ship us version1, then start working on version2 with the updates. I really hope this doesn't become one of "those" kickstarter projects that get delayed and delayed with more and more broken promises. You'll keep adding stuff until it's decided that someone somewhere used up all the cash, and it's no longer "financially viable" to continue, and we'll have all lost out on the money we gave to the project. Thanks for the latest update! I definitely don't mind the wait if the product and community behind it is stellar! I already have a Fire TV with xbmc, Fire TV stick, Chromecast so those will hold me for now! I'm from Brazil and I would really like an update on the shippingm thanx. Patience is one thing, communicating and keeping your promises another. You posted 3 days ago that an update would come in 24-48 hours. I even attempted to remind you via Twitter with no response. This is NOT good business practice. I completely understand that you are probably working hard and working with partnerships, however, to leave those who got you here in the dark is unacceptable and the natives are rightfully growing restless. Be it good or bad, please update us with a status as promised. any update on the 24-48 hour statement... the 48hours are past. Would love an update Guys, do you even look at the other comments here before you're **** around? The new update should be out any hour and there will definitely be an answer to your shipping questions. *I a word I would *value* transparency I would really like an update on the shipping - as I'm sure that everyone would - and would like to say that I would transparency above all else, so if you think you're going to miss it, just say so. When I crowd fund things, I mentally add 6 months to the delivery date because I know things go wrong, I know that good products get massive volume increases etc. I just would like to know when these thing happen. Anyway, stay awesome guys, I'm sure the product will be great when it arrives ^^ This user's account has been deleted. February is not a do or die date for me. I'd rather have a done well project rather than push out a pos to meet a date Are you still on track for shipping this month? @Timothy Hillebrand That's very odd as they did not promise January but February. And when a business/kickstarter says "February" you can assume "by the end of" before that. Also, they've had multiple signs of anti-scam, including producing 500 working actual products (developer units), lots of actual working code and having worked directly with Mozilla who certified them. The project said for non-developer versions estimated shipping was February. This is beginning to look like a take the money and run scam. I expected shipment in January when I contributed. The courtesy of an update and some communication would be appreciated. agree with chris Matchstick, please remember that this is a Kickstarter campaign and as such updates need to be posted here first and then to Facebook or wherever else. As a campaign creator, your responsibility is to the Kickstarter community first. Thank you. For those who did not follow the link Trae provided, it says: "Hi Everyone! We are preparing an update, it's being passed around the team for final inspection!" hey guys maybe follow them on facebook or twitter to be more up to date with whats going on <url>"started" by the end of February. Don't worry they are working away .. Nothing to worry about . @Big K: Yeah, you're right. But February has 4 weeks. So the delivery could be next week or in 4 weeks. Normaly you get the info when the delivery supposed to happen a bit more precisely when it comes near the mentioned month. @Matchstick: I know you have a lot work on you after CES but it would be very nice if you could give us some information about the shipment :) Hey guys where are you guys seeing Feb 1st ? The expected initial deliveries will be in Feb, is what I'm seeing but I could be wrong ? This user's account has been deleted. With $470k pledged I'd expect at least a monthly, if not weekly, update. Even if there's not much progress to report, would be nice to keep the people funding your future in the loop? @creators, A production update would really help at this stage. I'm not expecting for the delivery schedule to stay on track, but knowing what's going on will help. @abdul - I hope not, was there an update before the developer units were sent out? With no update on production, delivery on next month is very unlikely.. @Roni Alush Here's a collection of video demos: <url>"carrier" / "sister" board to connect to the Matchstick board via USB and would need to see how we can make this. Looking at the schematics, USB Host is routed onto some pads, correct? Thanks!!! @Hasbulhadi HB You can find some of the things you listed on their website such as <url>"Of course, we love them. We are in active talks and hope to have an announcement before launch!" This makes it sound likely. Then on this demo video he mentions that it will be possible to play media from Plex: <url>"Yes." well, it looks pretty darn likely. eagerly waiting for Feb 2015... Matchstick can do Netflix right? Wow. I have not looked at comments in a while. I can't believe all of the sniping and vitriol. So many petty people trying to out stupid each other. I sure hope that I dot all of the Is cross all of the ts, and put commas where they belong. That being said, will PLEX be available for the matchstick? Hello! Is there any way I could get a printable brochure on the MatchStick? I need it because in my country we need to get a license for IT stuff (<url>• Brochures of the product/equipment • Technical specifications • Photos of the equipment • Valid test report from a recognised test lab* • Certificate of Conformity or Similarity * • A copy of Type Approval Certificate from overseas’ regulator* *If applicable Thank you Robert, the only person I see being rude is you. How about you take a chill pill? Newer devices coming out after this product is neither here nor there. Something bigger, better, more always comes out after a purchase. @Mike Baker I have no dog in this fight. Other than buying a bundle of Matchsticks last year, I have not been to this campaign site, so I don't know ant progress reports. I am not a bit worried about the stick being obsolete because I have a drawer full of new ones (chromecast, amazon firestick, and some other brand I can't be bothered to activate). Having said this, I want to comment on your comment; >>I'm sorry; I'm seriously not trying to be rude, Yes, yes you are exactly trying to be rude. >>and it may be because of the misplaced commas, In this case, you chose to be a rude nit. >> but I can't follow what you're trying to say. Yes you can. Either that or you are retarded. Your use of elevated drama in your statement of not being able to comprehend what he means is as old as usenet 1.0. It makes you look childish, fwiw. >>Are you genuinely complaining that the creators' efforts to deliver exactly what they promised (along with much requested extra feature) exactly on time, and to keep backers informed of developments at more-or-less regular intervals, is somehow not good enough? This sarcastic, hyperbolic spew makes you seem a bit of a dick to go with your intentional rudeness. You are either the most ineffective, pathetic fanboy that's incapable of interacting with detractors to a level that serves your majesty, and stoops to tactics that cheapen those which you worship -or- You are just a troll. You have not represented the creators in any way that would make them proud. My bet is on Trolly Troll. >>Can you explain your reasoning? You make an AWFUL pretend lawyer. Mike> Have you ever heard the term "don't tap on the glass"? My money says you have not heard of it or don't understand it properly. I'm 100.003% sure the creators would agree with me. We still on for February delivery Maxedaddy> I'm sorry; I'm seriously not trying to be rude, and it may be because of the misplaced commas, but I can't follow what you're trying to say. Are you genuinely complaining that the creators' efforts to deliver exactly what they promised (along with much requested extra feature) exactly on time, and to keep backers informed of developments at more-or-less regular intervals, is somehow not good enough? Can you explain your reasoning? I just got an update from "The Creator" By the time, this device comes out, better, newer and cheaper devices will be out on the market, which will make this device, obsolete!!" Still no reply from any of their social platform's or email. I don't care about CES. It takes minutes to check and right a reply. No excuses. No response no swag loosing confidence. i hope it support VPN Let's give the team some time to settle down. I think it a good time for a update, after the first days off the CES 2015 in Las Vegas and some new what we must read in the papers ( TLC Phillips wil also use this ) Team of Matchstick make some time, and write a update to you backers. Regards Johan maby the should be an update that tells wshts going on @matchstick. or will this be a sader story like the nimble vr? it is a big backernews that you begin to work with tge tv companys so why are you not telling us things like that? TCL and Philips add Matchstick to TVs <url>ña They have indicated that a survey to collect shipping info will be sent out closer to shipping time. How do I change my shipping address? Thanks for the info and links @Matsumitsu and @Caspy7 @Matsumitsu Thanks! I hadn't been following everything on FB. For convenience I posted direct links with descriptions to the demo videos here: <url>"Of course, we love them. We are in active talks and hope to have an announcement before launch!" So I think there's reason to be cautiously optimistic. You mention giving Matchsticks to Luddites. Were you implying you expect that less technical folk will have a better experience than with other devices (such as Chromecast)? If so, why? (Genuinely curious questions, not being standoffish or what have you.) Any reviews, initial thoughts etc from those who have recieved theirs already? Just a thought- will matchstick have channels for PLEX and Playlater? Waiting for 15 units to give out to the Luddites in my family. Not sure if it was answered before, does anyone knows if the matchstick support Wi-Fi channel 12 & 13? or just 1-11? Hyped on the matchstick, look forward to seeing some cool open source apps flossin. And re. the fireTVstick, if you are an amazon prime member and did not order it for $20 when first announced then I might hold off hoping to get that discount... If you absolutely have to have a TV stick right now I think Chromecast is the only one available for immediate shipping. It is not much if any more expensive than the fireTVstick. He firestick works just like the fire TV so I'm very happy with it. Sure the app support is lacking but it's already known that more apps are coming so I'm not knocking it for that. The firestick is NOT open so trying to compare it to an open anything is rather pointless and honestly unless you're an Amazon Prime member I wouldn't even bother with it. @ consumers, okay so my Firestick has been updated. i managed to do that at Amazon and i was able to get a few more apps. Although the only app that would let you play local media is AllCast, only the full paid version lets you play full movies. With Chromecast i use Real Player and it plays most movies for free without having to actually upload everything to the cloud. Its sometimes laggy but not often, i will give Firestick one bit of credit, and that is that because i was able to download other apps, and not have to mirror content, i was able get a better quality picture from apps like PBS and others. The sad thing is, that Amazon Firestick is a pay for everything type eco system so you really don't get much more for your money then Chromecast but Chromecast is more versatile because it has so many more apps support. Also, the interface on Firestick is pretty annoying. It doesn't have a built in web browser and so far there is no web browser app supported for Fire TV or Fire Stick. Maybe it will come soon. Hopefully it will be Firefox!! Didn't realize the dev unit would be beige... Still have to get some time to try it though! ​‎​Ok so I am getting nervous reading these first impression posts from people who received the dev stick, please make matchstick at least compatible with Plex upon consumer launch, that's all I need. @Jock Will can't wait for your unboxing/tutorial video. @ consumers. So far my firestick, isn't all that great. It only lets you use their 8 limited apps. There are no apps that support local media play and that is a big no no. Chromecast is definitely winning this battle. Firestick isn't even as good as an Roku 1st edition, in funtions at least. It has better hardware but no options to really get the best out of it. The system is closed down, so no access to additional apps or anything from the amazon market like media players or anything that lets you play local content. I guess Matchstick is probably going to win this battle overall as long as its not buggy or laggy. Okay so now i have my Chromecast and Firestick. So far, its awesome that i can have Prime video and Netflix on one device but Firestick offers no way to play local media. So that means that Chromecast as of now is still the better device, because as much as i like Prime video and supposed higher bit rates, it doesn't change that you are locked out of your own local media. So no Adhoc capabilites for Firestick. I can't wait to get my hands on Matchstick! I have the several Roku Players, a Chromecast Stick, and most recently an Amazon Fire Stick. Is there a post anywhere that compares these products to the Matchstick capabilities? It would be great to be able to reference such a comparison. Thanks. Got my dev unit today! Mine arrived today. I will try and post an unboxing, tutorial in the next couple of days You said you posted some SWAG to me it's been 5 weeks and nothing Any idea about whether BBC iPlayer will make an appearance on the Matchstick? Indeed, has there been any word about which big players - YouTube, Now TV etc, will be releasing apps? Or, porting Chrome apps over? Got mine! Yeayyy! :-) Updates Please? What about the videos you promised a couple of weeks ago. How do I go about getting a L hoodie and stickers? Would love to have more ways to spread the word! Thanks Here I was wondering what I'd ordered from Hong Kong, only to find my developer Matchstick :D Daniel, that's what they initially said but I got my Firestick from amazon a week ago. I preordered the FireTV stick @ $20 from Amazon which is due to ship in the middle of Dec. BestBuy has it in stock for $25 (this week). So I used a $10 credit and picked one up for $15. I hope that my Matchstick ships early because I am excited to compare them (& Chromecast). Is Matchstick can be flinged with the latest ipad? Im planiing to buy ipad soon. Thanks Luckily Kickstarter has changed how the survey works and the shipping address can be changed at any time until the project creator locks it down. @Charlie Page (and anyone else) Since the only question that AFAIK would be on the survey is the shipping address, the closer to actually shipping the better the addresses. The estimated delivery is Feb. so sending the survey in Jan would lower the number of backers that will move between the survey and when the Matchsticks are shipped. @Charlie Page On the chance that you are referring to the survey that was to determine if the device would ship with either Local Play or Ad Hoc mode, they have announced that they will ship both features, so there is no need for a survey. @Charlie I am not 100% sure, but I believe they only sent out the surveys to those who will get the developer matchsticks for now. I backed the regular matchstick and I have not recieved a survey? When will they be sent out? Got my fireTV Stick. Pretty slick so far. Hopefully they take some cues from it. Coming to this comments section is like going on a signing up for a sight seeing tour but having someone that signed up start telling about the tour without actually having been on it. Its funny! Any demo videos from your conference? Thanks Caspy7! Mozilla has posted a video from the Matchstick Stream & Tell Event. <url>"will" ship on a specific date is completely irresponsible. @Daniel You are correct, I really wish Matchstick had an edit button. Please imaging I said "will ship" to be "should ship". That being said based on the most recent updates I have every reason to believe that developer units will ship this month. *fingers crossed* at least I do wonder whether app support is going to increase significantly for the Matchstick. I know it's early days, as the actual device isn't out. But I do hope that many developers (including those from media providers, like Netflix) will start to support the Matchstick. So that it can overcome the chicken-egg problem: in order to gain users, you need to be well supported by developers, but in order to be well supported by developers you're going to need a large amount of users. A company like Google has enough weight to pull developers to their platforms, because it has a proven track record. Matchstick doesn't have that advantage. So my worry is that the Matchstick will turn out to be a superior HDMI-stick-device over the chromecast, but less supported because it's not as well known. I would like to correct Jock's statement. The Matchsticks should be shipped in Feb. as long as there are no delays (will implies guarantee). I have backed over 60 funded projects and the majority have missed the original delivery date. I would rather get a working device in April than a non-working dud in Feb. and (as Jock mentioned before) there are four people that will have to package, label & ship around 24,000 Matchstick devices. Thanks Jock / Justin. I guess the update was not really clear about the surveys being developer version only. @Joao Justin is correct, I do not work for Matchstick. I just help out here in the comments as a volunteer. There is very little I can add to Justin's comment (thank you btw), but I will just remind everyone it is the Developer Matchsticks that are shipping this month (and will be demoed at Mozilla SF on the 18th). The consumer Matchsticks will be sent out in Feb. Joao, jock does not work for matchstick. He can't possibly tell anyone when the project will ship. But I'm sure he would love to give you his opinion and when it will ship based on absolutly nothing. As for surveys they can be sent out at any time. Most project creators wait until the end, right before shipping to send them out to make sure any address changes are avoided. If you were charged for the project then you are good to go for right now. Nothing else to do but sit back and enjoy the ride. Jock: I have not received any survey to reply to but the funds were already charged from my CC. My billing / shipping address is all fine as I am a regular kickstarter contributor (close to 10 projects funded). Am I ready to go ? Should I expect my 2x Matchstick to arrive in February or earlier ? @Maxedaddy We do know that VideoLAN is working on Chromecast support (<url>"Flinging:" <url>"educated" opinion as to issues that may be raising concern with people. For what ever reason, the creators were unwilling, unconfortable, or incapable of answering or keeping up with questions. That trend alone would have been enough to warrent bailing on the project, especially when it was a project that pretty much begged for developemnt support discussion. Instead it was the honest opinions of several of you that made me feel a bit more comfortable with taking the chance and leaving my pledge intact. Dave Just curious, now that we will have "local" support with the final product, what would it take to get the device to read and decode ISO images? Would it be just a player type app at that point, or would there need to be more done behind the scenes? I got curious so I decided to find out how many comments I actually made. Out of 1,131, I have commented 245 times. That works out to roughly 22% — still quite a lot to be sure. Patrick, they can't be ignored when it's over 50% of all comments. That's called completly and utterly damn annoying. I had to resort to physically filtering them. Pretty sad when someone has to do that. All in all I find it hilarious that people are still complaining about him. What a joke. @Patrick Thank you very much! I am glad to help. And as I have said before, if anyone ever wants to give me a piece of their mind, my email address is: <email> For me the comments from Jock were a big help. So I say +1 for Jock. If you don't like it then ignore it. @ anyone who is not a creator and is just a funder. After receiving the email from Kickstarter, we can now just leave these people like Jock alone. You are now welcome to ignore him. He can make his own opinions about things but they don't really matter to us funders. All we care about is what Matchstick says and since they've said what they've said, there is no point in trying to correct or confront anyone that's trolling on here. Enjoy your sticks when you get them fellow funders and i will see you on the otherside! I will hope most of you funders will do the same and leave these strange people (nice way of putting it) alone. You can't argue with them. Its a lost cause. We got our email, and if we have any further questions we can just message the creators directly. Here we should only post about how excited we are and ignore the strange ones. @Jock Murphy Thanks mate @Mohammed The Matchstick team recently announced that they are going to be doing both stretch goals, so there was no need for the survey! So now all that is left is thinking up good and clever uses for your Matchstick when it arrives in Feb... Has any1 received there survey yet because i havent? Matchstick you rock! This is my first backed project yet. Can't wait to use and to introduce your invention to my japanese friends! おめでとう！頑張ったね。 @Thomas ahh of course. Well it is still important to consider all of these options. As discussed ad hoc isn't a panacea. It is slower than infrastructure mode, which may affect playback of very high def content. Host AP (and it's kissing cousin Internet Connection Sharing) might be a better solution in some situations. One of the challenges for the developer community isn't just to develop our own apps, but will be to look into issues like this and see what the trade offs will be. They have said that they are working on figuring out fulfillment now, so hopefully it won't be long now. @Jock, sorry for the late reply. Host AP mode is more or less what it sounds like, it's not ad hoc, it relies upon a computer behaving like an access point and for the most part the performance should be similar to what you'd have from an actual access point. AFAIK, it wouldn't require any actual support from Matchstick to work as the Matchstick has no way of knowing if an AP is an AP or a computer pretending to be one. Which is the way that it should be as long as the device claiming to be an AP conforms to the relevant technical specifications. Anyways, it's a moot point now that they seem to have figured out how to do both features. This is the first project i have ever backed. I am so happy i did. Way to rock with both Ad hoc AND Local play!!! @Brian They haven't released the Gerbers (the physical PCB layout) yet but as @willian pointed out the schematics have been available since the kickstarter started. They have also put up a fair about of source at: <url>"enabled." So this gives the device the ability to go inline with an existing device (i.e. cable box) and have "instant on" without the need to utilize an extra HDMI input on the TV. @Caspy7 I think Justin was trying to say that he wants to Local Content feature to transcode unsupported formats. @David F Depends what you mean. Do you mean to do HDMI passthrough, or do you mean to actually capture HDMI content? Let us take passthrough first. It might well be possible to hack HDMI passthrough on a existing Matchstick, but it wouldn't be easy or pretty at all. You would have to understand HDMI at the cable and signal level to do this — so it isn't for the faint of heart But if you are talking of adding passthrough to the hardware design for a future version of the Matchstick, then it would be possible, though it would add to the bulk of the device and would require FCC recertification, etc HTMI Capture This is much more complicated. It wouldn't be possible to hack this onto an existing Matchstick, there just aren't enough exposed GPIOs to do it that way — and they may not be fast enough. There is, however, another approach the problem. The "easiest" alternative I can think of is to use a HDMI capture device that can output the result as a data stream over USB (Elgato makes such a device for example). There would be some challenges because you would need to write the software that interacted with such a device, and then decode the compressed video. So it would not be real time at all. Adding HDMI Capture to a future Matchstick would be possible, but in addition to the bulk needed for passthrough, there would need to be more hardware and software to handle it. Leaving any licensing and compliance issues on the side. So it can be done but it wouldn't be an easy add. @Justin Here are the codecs and containers it should support for local play. <url>"Ask A Question" button on the home page. It won't be long before those with developer units get theirs and can answer directly. Also it should be controllable via the firmware, so even if it is always active now, it shouldn't always be the case Is the HDMI output still "active" when no content is moving through? In other words, will an auto sensing HDMI switch work with this? Other devices like Apple TV, cable boxes, etc. keep the HDMI "active" so they aren't total compatible with auto-sensing switches. Good job, thanks a lot for Ad hoc and Local play Ad hoc AND Local play - great stuff! Thank you Matchstick! Looks like yes!! Its mentioned in the "How it works" section Will we get cast plugin for desktop firefox web browser similar to chromecast extension for chrome browser?? Can anyone comment on this please Excellent news we're grateful, this is looking like one of the best Kickstarter campaigns where feedback is listened to and acted upon, as long as you are able to deliver on or close to your deadlines we could not ask for more - Thank you for a positive Kickstarter experience and the start of something great in the opensource community. Awesome news today Matchstick team! Looked at my e-mail after work and this turned my day around big time cant wait! Cheers Matchstick team! -Proud Backer- @Matchstick team, thanks for the great offer for both stretch goals, local play and ad hoc! That's great news, thank you so much! Matchstick is going to be awesome! :D Amazing!!! Thank you! Woot! Glad to hear about the stretch goals. Good thing people spoke their mind in the comments section exactly like they requested. Hopefully the local play feature will have a broad spectrum of codec's in its bag. Nothing stink more than only being able to play less than half of your library because the destination either doesn't support the codec or the crap app you're stuck with like Plex doesn't support transcoding from your source. A quick reminder, you all should be getting emails from Kickstarter asking you to fill out your mailing address. From my own experience in a kickstarter, let me tell you how important this is. Please be sure to fill this out and double check that the address is correct. Also if you move between now and Feb please be sure to file a change of address form with your post office. Once the package is in the mail there is very little anyone can do to make sure it gets to the right address unless you do that. The thing we learn is that once we gathered all this data, and started the dropship process was that people started telling us they changed their address, or wanted it shipped to their parents house, etc; and there was nothing we could do. Every kickstarter is different but I cannot stress how important it is to make sure the address is correct now, and to file a change of address (if your address changed). Perfect :D No need to choose now, thanks you! Awesome guys. Thx for this. You are simply put, GREAT. All the best. Wow... BOTH? You guys are awesome! Well looks like we will be getting both stretch goals, yay! @Alexander Thank you very much for the sentiment, since I am in full disclosure mode I would like to make two corrections to what you said: - I have "the better part" of 30 years of experience, which means less than but close to. The actual number is 28 and a bit years - I personally wouldn't say I guided them on the kickstarter, I did provide both unsolicited and solicited advice to them; but I don't want to overstate my role with them. @Kenny I absolutely encourage everyone to take what I — or anyone else — say with a grain of salt. Though I do regularly disclose my sources, or if it is just my own theory. I is sadly inevitable that people might not pay attention to my disclosures and such, but I am not sure what I can do about that. For example I find it a little funny that maxedaddy asked me to write a disclosure of my role a day after I had written just that in reply to Necdet. @maxedaddy I agree, it's bound to mislead quite a few folk. Anything not from the official developers should be taken with a grain of salt, especially talk of features. To an unenlightened backer seeing such a post may be mislead and down the line complain to the real developers. For me, Local Play is the more important feature. I would really like an easy way to link my "dumb" television(s) up to my network to play media from my network storage array. More importantly, I would like to to come working on the device right out of the box. No additional app loading or cost. It would eliminate (in theory) the stacks of DVDs my daughter leaves out and gets kid gunk all over when she wants to watch her movies. I could simply digitize the media and she could access it from the NAS, and play it forty times in a row if she wishes. We can kind of do that now with my DLNA BR player, but Sony has its own quirks and loops you have to jump through and you are running both the BR player and tv, in theory putting wear and tear on the BR player. I could also add a media server PC to the TV, but that would cover only one TV and not be easy to move around (just like the BR player). I would just like to be able to, pick a TV, plug the device in, browse to a folder (any folder on my network share) and play a media file, as long as it is supported by the codec, of course. It would be nice to have that feature combined with the normal subscription service apps like NETFLIX. I suppose the Ad-hoc version could be useful on a trip at a hotel, but for most of my use, elimination of the necessity for yet one more operating device (e.g., having to send the file from a tablet) would be preferred. Besides, every hotel I have been in, it has been a crap shoot in terms of which ports on the television were active or disabled, so there is no guarentee that just because I had the ability to sling a movie from another device wirelessly, that I could connect it up at all. In those cases I usually make the sacrifice wind up watching it on my laptop. Or if the port is there, connecting my laptop up directly and sending the desktop to the television, so why would I need the Matchstick in that case? If you have a tablet or laptop, just buy the cable and send the signal directly. I suppose the exception would be that you might be able to just bring a phone and send directly from that, but it seems that there could still be other issues with things like connection fees, data usage, etc. So I am not convinced there is an ideal solution. That is my two matchsticks worth... Dave @Nick I should explain, the reason why I said that they offered me that is because it is important to disclose that kind of information Here is the thing: Justin is entitled to his opinions. I disagree with what he says, and how he says it, about me; but I will defend his right to say it. I've been on the internet a long time, I have a thick skin. So if you agree with him, then I won't (and can't) stop you — you can even find my email address in the comments — but I think everyone would be happiest if we keep it positive here in the comments. So anyone else want to share what they plan to do with their Matchstick, or why ad hoc/local content is important to them? @Nick yes. lol wtf? Seriously guys chill-out... It is just a 20$ item..... @Jock "... but they have promised to send me some unsolicited swag in thanks for my work answering questions here ..." Really? Alexander, yes again. Why again? Because he is clearly under attack YET AGAIN. If you had at least half a brain cell you would have picked up on that. I couldn't care less about his experience as MANY OTHER PEOPLE HAVE ALSO SAID. I've made myself perfectly clear. If you can't deal with that then....oh well. Seriously? This again? Justin. If you've been paying any attention, Jock is a software engineer with over 30 years of relevant experience. He isn't directly involved with the project but he has helped guide them on their way to becoming a Kickstarter. He is clearly experienced in the open source community and is familiar with this kind of hardware. Now, this very capable guy so happens to have some free time and is pitching in to help out here. I really don't have any more polite way to say it at this point. Justin, you're being a dick on the Internet. Cut it out. @Maxedaddy I realized I forgot something in my earlier message, but it is something I have disclosed in the past: As I said, I do not work for Matchstick, but they have promised to send me some unsolicited swag in thanks for my work answering questions here. Aside from revealing one piece of information that apparently ready for release, they have never told me I have given an incorrect reply, or said anything they were displeased with, but until/unless they say anything publicly I encourage you all to take that with a grain of salt. Maxedaddy is spot on correct. I got sick of his messages that were nothing but speculation or guesses on his part. Helping out and replying for the project creator because they are swamped is one thing. WHEN YOU KNOW THE ANSWER TO BE FACT. But to respond to EVERYTHING with nothing but an educated guess is nothing but pure BS. I wish he would just STFU. But instead I had to take moderation into my own hands. @Maxedaddy I must respectfully disagree. I mean that, I respect where you are coming from, I am just saying I have done exactly what you asked for multiple times over the span of this kickstarter. I even said it to Necdet yesterday. Fair warning I am about to give one of my "wall of words" answers, but I think it is important to go into some depth. So I beg you indulgence. But just so everyone understands: I do not work for Matchstick, nor am I affiliated with them, and that all I am is a backer who will be getting a dev unit (hopefully very) soon. When it is speculation or my personal belief I say that. When the information comes from the documentation, or the schematic, or some other documentation I try and call that out each and every time. As for authority, as I have called out multiple times it is because I have nearly 30 years of experience as a software engineer and over 5 years developing hardware. Over those years I have developed embedded software, the backend of scalable websites, and a whole lot in between. I have been a member of startups, and started a few myself. For a client I even developed hardware that is shockingly similar to the Matchstick (though my approach to adding wifi was different). I have even participated in a kickstarter. So when I speculate about why the team is doing X instead of Y, or why ad hoc probably isn't a trivial add, etc; it comes from experience. A few times, however, the information I have shared has come directly from the Matchstick team. We have had a couple of brief email exchanges, they once asked my opinion about what was missing from the FAQ. The information about Netflix support came about this way, as did the "what's in the box" information I gave. In each of those cases I identified the source, and quoted the information I was given. Short of a disclaimer on every post — which would get tedious and annoying for everyone involved — I am not sure what else I can do. That being said I would love to hear your, or anyone else's, thoughts on the matter. @jock I've reading these comments and i see that when you answer, you answer from a position of authority. Implying that you have something to do with this project. So when, people find out you don't after talking to you, they are reasonably upset, because people here want real answers, not speculation from another backer (that comes off as something more). Its not their fault that you answer as if you are a person with actual answers from Matchstick. So until you let everyone know that you are just a backer and don't actually handle the PR for Matchstick, people are going to keep railing against you. All you need to do is let them know that you don't have anything to do with Matchstick and all your comments are just speculation, and your answers aren't actually representing Matchstick. @Thomas I don't know this for sure, but I suspect the big issue with ad hoc is network discovery. I believe they are using a cloud based system for network discovery (just as Chromecast does). So ad hoc would require switching/adding network discovery; which has challenges in and of itself. So I don't think it is a matter of just adding an ad hoc UI to the network page. I could be wrong, but if it were that simple I don't think it would have required such a high stretch goal. I'd love to see both features added, but I'm not really sure why people need ad hoc. In many cases computers and phones will have host ap support where that end pretends to be an access point and everything is as it normally is. I know that Linux allows you to do that, as well as the *BSDs. Seems to me that it would make more sense to just use that support to fill the need rather than having them add ad hoc support to the matchstick. This is why it's so important for people to say why they want ad hoc mode, it might well be that there's another way of dealing with the problem that doesn't require there to be modifications to the matchstick hardware or in this case software. @Sorin i agree with you. that's not the kickstarter's way @Lorenz neither ad hoc nor local play will require any changes to the hardware, only to the software running on the Matchstick. Soon there is going to be a survey letting users vote on which feature they want. So you will get to vote then. I am sure they would like to do both prior to launch but it comes down to money (as so many things do). The kickstarter didn't hit the full stretch goal and even though we got close(ish), $30K is still a lot of money. Sometime this month 500 developer units will be going out to the backers and those who applied to the developer program. I have every confidence that they will take a look at adding the other feature. Between the developers and the Matchstick team I am sure the other feature will be added soon enough... @Sorin Interesting, thank you for sharing that! I think it is always important to remember that the Matchstick team isn't part of Mozilla, but a separate company consisting of roughly four people spread over at least two continents from everything I have been able to put together. My last communication with them indicated they were very busy (as per usual), hopefully going though all the developer applications on their site and then shipping out the 500 developer units. And yes they do need to improve their community management, and are aware of that I am sure. If you look back over the comments they have said at least once that they are hiring. @Jock, Yes, the content would be on the mobile, would be the easiest, hence there is Google docs and other power point or other format readers. Apart from that, I am really surprised that the creator team has gone cold. That is not the Firefox way. However, they are not Firefox. The really need to work on their consumer relations. A line of text would suffice for starters. I won't even pretend to understand the technical details which means I don't know if ad-hoc or local play require any hardware changes or additions. If either does then it would seem obvious to choose that one to be added up-front and simply add the other feature in the future via an app or firmware update. However, if both require hardware changes then I would vote for local play, useless for me but I feel a much greater advantage for those people who can make use of it. @Josh The less said the better. In my efforts to provide support and answer people's question, I have ruffled a few feathers — which was never my intent. You can't please everyone, but I genuinely hope I have done more help than harm. Anyone interested in the full context should scroll down to Oct 10 and make up their own minds... Wait what's going on? I just got more popcorn what did I miss? "@jock do not answer my posts" LOL! Where have I seen that before? Looks like I'm not the only person sick and tired of his crap. Good thing I can't see his garbage anymore. @jock deal @Necdet You asked who I was, and I explained so people would understand that I have the context to see where the Matchstick Team is coming from. As to replying to you — when you directly addressed me —I don't think you can have it both ways, where you can say anything you want to me, but deny me the right of reply. So I will tell you what. If you do your best not to reply to me, I will do my best not to reply to me. Deal? @jock i don't care your past. i've got nothing to do with you. can't you just stop writing to me? @necdet Justin is one of the commenters here, you even +1 one of his comments. Scroll down and he described how he filters me out. I am not one of the creators, no, though they did thank and encourage me in the comments for providing answers. Who am I? I am a person who has been making hardware and software for nearly 30 years. I have made hardware for sale, i have done customer service, and I have even participated in a Kickstarter. I know what is is like to be a part of a small team working long hours, and never having enough time to do all the things you need to do. So when I speculate why they don't communicate to your satisfaction, it comes from personal experience; and, of course, I agree with you, they should be doing more. @jock i don't know who is Justin. who are you? are you one of the creators of this project? no. so, i have nothing to argue with you. Everyone here has the same right to reply here when the think they have something to say. I am going to do my best to adhere to Necdet's wishes, but when I think there is something that must be said, then I will say it. In the same way that anyone here has that right. Necdet I am genuinely sorry I seem to antagonize you. That is not my intention. As always if you would like to discuss this in private my email is <email>; but if you simply don't want to hear anything I say, you might want to take Justin's approach @jock do not answer my posts @Necdet Aside from "when is the survey" going out — my own question btw — what do you need to hear. They didn't make make the full stretch goal and said they would do one of them at $450, and that they would send out a survey. Again they are only 4 people to the best of my knowledge. They have to ship out the 250 developer units pledged for on Kickstarter, they have to evaluate all the applications for developers from the website and then ship out 250 more. Then they have to start getting contracts and logistical arrangements in place for making at least 25,000 matchsticks (backers pledged for 24,818) which is time consuming in an of itself. Then they have to work on finishing the software, working with their content partners, etc etc etc So I am not saying they shouldn't be communicating more, they should. But it is also the weekend. So maybe wait until Mon-Tue their time for them to send out the survey and tell us more... Same story goes on. Backers talking, creator not answering I cannot wait. I plan to set up a webcam at my studio and create a private channel web-feed so fans can watch us on set filming. As far as the billing goes, you may have been billed but not received the e-mail message. Right after that message came out about some payments not going through, if your payment did not go through, you would have seen a message from Kickstarter that you had seven days to fix it. I did not receive a message from Kickstarter, nor did I receive a message from Amazon payments. But I did receive a confirmation for billing for another kickstarter I backed. I had to log on to Amazon payments to see that yes, my account was indeed charged. If you are concerned and have not received either a message from Kickstarter indicating there was an issue, or Amazon payments indicating that you had been charged, my guess is that there was a glitch in the system and few people did not get the "you have been charged" message. Just log on to Amazon payments to verify that something went through. Dave @Warren I think it would be safest to assume that they aren't doing both features, and then be pleasantly surprised if they do. The point of kickstarter, and of stretch goals, is that it is all or nothing. While the the kickstarter is "only" $30K short, $30K is still a lot of money. To the best of my knowledge they are still jut 4 people, and will need to staff up in order to add these features as well as become a viable company. That $30K matters. So wait for the next update and see what they say, maybe they will announce they are doing both features, or maybe it is the survey to vote on which feature you prefer. @Sorin Very interesting, and a great use of both the Matchstick and Ad Hoc. So what will you be using to send/control the content? Since you aren't bringing a laptop, then I would presume it is your phone or tablet @Brian The payment should be already done, since you would have had to pre-authorise it though Amazon. You should double check your email (including spam) to make sure you don't have email from Amazon or Kickstarter. If you don't, then you should contact Kickstarter (<email>), as I am not sure how much @creator can do to help. Good Luck! Come on @MatchStickTV guys, give us the news of including both features. Why are you not answering any of my Facebook comments or messenger? Extremely vocal throughout now all gone quiet @Jock, I will for instance use it during meetings to show our app development process, slides, excel documents, etc. It will remove all the hassle of carying around a laptop. Not yet asked for my payment, help! @joseph I am curious how do you plan to make use of ad hoc? Do you travel a lot, have a cabin with in the woods with no network but a HDMI TV? Or..." I am not criticizing at all, ad hoc is a very useful feature (as is local content), it is just that I see so many people wanting ad hoc, and am curious how the plan to use it. Congratulations Matchstick! I cant wait to experience Matchstick streaming stick firsthand. I have been telling family and friends about Matchstick and they are amazed. If I had to choose this very instant of which feature to implement with the initial launch I would have to go with Ad Hoc for sure, but both features would be awesome! Ryszard Malolepszy makes a good point ;) Congratulations on your funding success. Here is an idea for your future success. Give the people what they want... BOTH local play and Ad Hoc. The 17000+ people that funded this project will be your products largest source of word of mouth advertising in the upcoming future. Why spend millions of dollars on advertising dollars in the future if you can spend a few hundred/thousand and complete the features of this product that will make it able to compete with the products of the future and create good will with your clients. Don't sit on your laurels of success now... innovate, blow away your clients expectations and compete for a seat of a multi-billion dollar company of the future. The stakes are high but with the right type of community built around your product you'll have nothing but promoters of this product if you keep true to your clients wants and needs. Anyways. Congratulations. Congratulations on your funding success. Here is an idea for your future success. Give the people what they want... BOTH local play and Ad Hoc. The 17000+ people that funded this project will be your products largest source of word of mouth advertising in the upcoming future. Why spend millions of dollars on advertising dollars in the future if you can spend a few hundred/thousand and complete the features of this product that will make it able to compete with the products of the future and create good will with your clients. Don't sit on your laurels of success now... innovate, blow away your clients expectations and compete for a seat of a multi-billion dollar company of the future. The stakes are high but with the right type of community built around your product you'll have nothing but promoters of this product if you keep true to your clients wants and needs. Anyways. Congratulations. @Jock, that's the thing, there weren't enough of us that were willing to pony up the money for us to meet the goal. That's not to say that they won't add both features, but only one of them is likely to be ready for launch. There are other features that I'd be more willing to pay for. Things like bluetooth, 5ghz and that extra USB port, but those were out of the question. Which is both understandable and a shame. I suspect that people would have been more interested in those. @Jock that's sort of the point. Earlier it was helpful for them to know roughly how popular the various features were in order to prioritize them. At this point though they've decided that they're going to put it up to a vote. Despite what some people here seem to think, expressing the same +1 sentiment that has already been expressed dozens of times before isn't a useful exercise. People are certainly free to want one feature or another or even both, but without expressing a reason, the whole comment is pointless. And it's relatively challenging to take random people commenting and turn it into useful data without doing it via a survey or similar. I personally would rather have local play because that means that I can stream from virtually any device on my network, including ones that aren't supported by an app or that otherwise don't have an app installed. Ad hoc is easy enough to work around, it's a relativley inexpensive piece of hardware. @Aude I think the problem is that backers could have increased their pledge any time to help hit the stretch goal — I did, and I know others did. So there was every opportunity to get there, there just wasn't the will. But I must stress the stretch goal wasn't about what features would be included in the project ever, just what will be in the product at launch. I have every expectation that if the Matchstick becomes a success in the marketplace, then they will add the other feature. And let us say the backers select Ad Hoc (because that is my guess which will be voted for), then the developers who will be getting their matchsticks in the next few weeks can look into adding local content themselves. The reverse is true if Local Content is selected. If we had to choose one over the other, I'd prefer ad hoc. If I could have my cake and eat it, too, I'd love to have both! In fact, I'd pay a little more for both options. Here's a thought: with as many backers as there are, would it be possible to make both options available and keep it not more than a buck or two extra? I personally think knowing why people want a feature is very important. Sometimes people think they need feature X, when what they really need is something else; but they can only visualize the most direct form of the feature they want. In my life I have met people who think Ad Hoc is the only way to have a secure network, than then they go and bridge it to the untrusted network. Or they allow anyone to join their adhoc network and don't realize their system is just as vulnerable. And of course it may be perfectly possible that you don't need ad hoc if a portable router works without a connection to the server. And I can draw an example for Local Content, it won't be hard to have an app that runs on a machine with sharable content and make it available to the matchstick. But if people say WHY they want a feature, and not just which feature they want. They are free to comment anything the like (so long as it conforms to kickstarter's rules). But sharing why gives us something to understand and talk about. @Thomas - "a +1 for ad hoc or +1 for local play after they've already said that it's going to be put to a vote is not expressing an opinion." Thank you for your OPINION but it's just that, your opinion. People are free to comment however they see fit. No one has to comment per your rules. Besides your logic is a complete fail. If someone posts +1 for local play versus +1 for local play AND THIS IS WHY..... It's still a post. You would still see it. You would still have to read through it. In fact it would be MORE to read. So your reasoning is garbage. Or you could of course just not read them and keep scrolling. You seem to be the only one here having an issue with your scrolling technique. Now that we are talking about OPINIONS, from what I gather all they wanted was a sense of how many people wanted what. The keyword there is "sense" so pay attention to it. I highly doubt WHY people want what is very important as everyone is going to have a broad range of differing reasons. Besides all the MAIN reasons have already been covered (many times over) and odds are the people who replied with just a +1 saw their reason being discussed so why repeat themselves? Are you wanting people to waste Kickstarters database space? How rude!!! @Thomas Peope are probably doing that because of Update #7: "So we need you to tell us, is it Local Play or AdHoc Mode? We will be sending out some surveys upon campaign closure, so keep an eye out for them! But in the meantime, leave us some comments and let us know! " @correia, sorry if my tone was a bit harsh there. I probably misinterpretted your post a bit there. I have no personal problem with people expressing their opinion or lobbying for support for their favorite choice, but the +1 for this and that doesn't really serve anybody very well. The survey will be coming out at some point and the comment section is best used to discuss the project or possibly convince people that localplay or ad hoc is the best choice. @Justin, a +1 for ad hoc or +1 for local play after they've already said that it's going to be put to a vote is not expressing an opinion. It's spamming the comment section and making it hard for people to discuss the project. I'm not saying that people shouldn't express their opinions, just that they should be a bit more aware of how hard having all these vacuous "votes" in here is having on other discussion. Posting a +1 for blank because blank would be both less spammy and more useful to the creators as they are not going to be going through the comment section and tallying up these votes. And a lot of people in here seem to think that they're voting. They're not voting, they're making the comment section unusable. @Frankie You will probably have better results contacting Amazon or Kickstarter (<email>). I believe paying outside of kickstarter's system is against the terms of service. So contacting Amazon would be the best way, since it lets the payment go through the way it was intended. @Minh Tran One thing to bear in mind is that the stretch goal wasn't set when the Kickstarter was below, or at, $100k. It was set on the 17th, when the project was at $370K (or so). If you think of it that was we didn't get to 94% of the way there, but we actually only got 77% of the stretch goal. I believe the team looked at their finances, and decided just how much it would cost to add those features, and set the stretch goal accordingly. I don't believe they were just picking the number they needed out of the air. This user's account has been deleted. I'm a little depressed about not hitting the local play stretch. For me, that's a major appeal to the device since my Chromecasts can'd to it (well, not all that well/easily) Yeah with the money funded i think both features should be implemented so Matchstick can bring something that the others don't have and make it unique. AS Phillipo said, Ad-Hoc would be great, because local play is propably easier to make by community. 4,7 X of the goal Should be possible to integrate both features (ad-hoc and local play) ?! Ad-Hoc would be great. I think local play will be easier to be accomplished by ourselves. For everyone who had payment issues, Kickstarter had send me an email saying they had a bug and its fixed now. I tried and indeed payment now went through. Three X over the original goal, you would have thought they can afford to add both stretch goals? @Christian They have made no announcement yet. They haven't even sent out the survey which will be how they tally the votes for which feature will be picked. They have told me nothing on this regard, but my suspicion is that they are only doing one of them, as they stated in update #7. So are they doing both stretch goals? Austin, assuming they don't have any other sources that put in more than $470k then yup, we would be their main investors by it's very definition. Just not the kind with any return/interest. Agreed, tons of project creators now offer external funding and Paypal seems to be the main choice. Hopefully they follow suit. Unfortunately though they usually get very little from it. $30k wouldn't be a stretch though. @Austin that is a very interesting idea. I would encourage you to ask the question in the FAQ (the "Ask a Question" button) as that sends a message directly to the team. But on caveat: we aren't investors in the legal sense. That would imply we had a stake (ie stock) in the company. We are the first backers, in the sense that we gave them money to get started. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Paul thank you very much! +2000 Jock - great to see someone who isn't a creator so engaged in a project. Respect sir! @Bruno But what if you don't own (and don't want to own), those other devices. I think a lot of people went to the chromecast because they were interested in having lots of different video devices. I know I am not. I am hoping to find a way to use Matchstick as my all in one TV content needs. The other thing is that most people are unlikely to need Ad Hoc, just primarily those who travel or don't have a network at home. But if you need ad hoc you really need it. There may be other ways using portable routers or the like, but we don't yet know if they will work. Local content has other options. The biggest problem in tech is that we tend to assume everyone else is just like ourselves, when they have different needs and perspectives on the same issues. Ad-hoc is the feature I am hoping for.... Ad-hoc ! It's a small mobile device meant to take with you and use in a hotel room, meeting room .... use your Roku's, apple tv, fire tv, game console for local play. So speaking of the 500 Matchstick developers (250 through Kickstarter, 250 though the Developer Application process). What are you all planning to do with your Matchsticks? Personally I am planning to port a couple of iOS apps I have written over to FirefoxOS off the bat. But I am also very interested in seeing if I can't get a webcam attached and getting some computer vision code I have written onto the Matchstick — using FirefoxOS as the display layer. Being directly attached to the TV could provide a much more interested UX. After that, time to start experimenting. *Rubs hands together*. What are other people planning to do? @justin In case your filter ever fails and you can see this, I would love to see if we can clear the air privately. I never want to knowingly spread any false information, and if you can help me understand your perspective, I would appreciate it. Again my email address is: <email> @Alenander I definitely can see the point of people complaining. But now that the kickstarter is over I can't wait to get my hands on my matchstick and get to playing. Oh the fun we shall have! @Jock You make some really good points. I suppose I passed judgement. We're engineers here, not PR reps. The numbers do kind of speak for themselves. I really look forward to the ecosystem that builds on top of this. I know that's why they have my backing. Local play or both local play over ad hoc Well put Alexander Smith. Personally I got sick of the walls of unrelated text that were filled with anything from questionable content to nothing but pure speculation which no doubt has steered a lot of people in the wrong direction. Not to mention the flat out false information that has been pointed out by many other people and all the opinionated nonsense. I finally got fed up with it and with a mixture of Firefox, adblock and Stylish I simply plugged in the word "jock" and poof...all the endless nonsense is now gone. @Roni I don't think it was a deliberate move against the Matchstick. The product isn't out yet and there is no indication how many units will come into the channel. Besides Amazon competes against the Chromecast themselves. I might expect Google to discount to compete, but Amazon's move was the $19 Fire stick @Alexander First off, thank you. I am not going to directly address your comment so much as give you my perspective. Every Kickstarter is different, and has a different way of engaging with its audience. Everyone has different motives for backing things on kickstarter, but all to often people forget that it isn't a store. It is a place for people to back products and creations they are interested and/or believe in. That you happen to get the thing is supposed to be secondary — in Kickstarter's vision of itself at least. People, including myself, have been critical they haven't engaged with the comments; but considering they got to 3x their goal in 4 days, it is also possible to argue they did things right... for themselves and the kickstarter. And while I do think they should have engaged more, I should say that for ~95% of the questions I addressed here, I got the answer from information from the @creator's comments here, the front page of this kickstarter, and material for anyone to read on the Matchstick.tv site. I am especially proud of discovering that the power port was really an USB OTG port, but anyone who could read a schematic — and there are more than a few people here who can. Perhaps I am more forgiving because I am a developer, that I know what it is like to be on a tiny team (remember the team is ~4 overworked people), and because I am patient. Next month developers like myself will get our matchsticks and we will see for ourselves what it can do. Matchstick has said they will be setting up forums on their site before the official launch, and that they are holding a free meeting at Mozilla's San Francisco offices. As for everyone else, 4 months isn't that long to wait. I love the instant gratification society as much as the next guy, but we aren't always entitled to instant gratification. It is also important to remember that while the hardware is pretty much locked down, the software probably isn't. They have four months to get their content partnerships in place, finish implementing the software, and to nail down the feature set. So they weren't in a position to say for sure what software features will be in the final release. Finally I don't want to give the impression that I have a backstage pass with Matchstick. Because I was picking up the slack, and because I have been in their position launching a company (when the kickstarter started they hadn't even formed a company yet), they would occasionally respond to my private queries. Sometimes they even took my advice. I think they did because they felt the could trust me with certain information knowing I would share it on the comments. Though I did share something I wasn't supposed to once. Oops. But to bring all this around into some kind of conclusion/point I think they felt that that the kickstarter was a success in the first 24 hours, they put out information to answer most people's questions, and that for actual support and ongoing issues there are much better ways that kickstarter, which they are going to start setting up next month. +1 for local play! @Alexander - You have echoed my thoughts exactly! Now that Amazon's Fire Stick has been announced (I have two of those on order), the bar has been set pretty high. I hope my Matchstick does at least as well as the Fire Stick. For starter, the hardware must be up to snuff. The software can always be updated, but if the hardware is not up to the level of competing products, the project will die quickly. All this week Amazon sold the Chromecast for 28$. Now it's back to 32.49$. Very ugly move in my opinion. I gotta say, if I wasn't 100% sure that Mozilla was behind this project, I would have pulled my money before the deadline. The fact that they are so disengaged with backers (they're relying on some guy completely unrelated to the project to step in and answer questions. Really? But seriously thanks for doing so Jock. No slight to you.) The fact that they're so vague on what features will ship, especially the two stretch goals, which for a lot of backers Were The Selling Point, is frustrating. You look up demos of Matchstick when it was demoed to a reviewer and it's barely usable. How far have they even gotten from there? Even leading on people to start posting AD HOC/ LOCAL PLAY and fill up comments is a little tacky. I'm not even saying this because I think the Matchstick team is trying to mess with us in any way. I know they're certainly doing the best they can. Just put a little more thought into how you engage with your backers, please. Would much rather have local play in lieu of ad-hoc, but I want both. Features to add to your products: 1) For all devices have a remote with headphone jack for private listening like Roku devices 2) Have a function to rotate by 90 degrees photos displayed thru the device 3) VERY KEY - have a way to save to USB attached storage streaming programs that have been tagged for recording via app or other on screen GUI. Thanks! @Shelly Yes is is quite reasonable that someone will make a local play app, or add the feature directly to the Matchstick (since it is hackable). It is also very possible that someone could add ad hoc to the Matchstick as well. Next month 500 developers are going to get their matchsticks — hopefully everyone here who pledged for the dev unit is a developer, right? ;) — and they will start seeing what they can do with it. Writing apps, hacking the hardware and software, etc. So by the time Feb comes around, there may be many neat new options. And of course it is possible the "someone" I mentioned above could be Matchstick itself, just after they launch Won't someone make an app for local play at some point? If so, I'd say ad hoc out of the gate. I can stream from a server from my xbox or roku. ad hoc please if not both! :) Just a comment about bullying, or other abuses. If anyone sees an example of bullying, spam, or inappropriate conduct, then they should report it to the project creator or directly to Kickstarter: <email>. The idea of ad hoc is cool, however hotels in the future will offer air play to the tv. If we had to go with one seems like local play would be more beneficial than ad hoc. +1 local play Here's an idea, comment however you want without being bullied by other backers. @Carol, KS will send you a fix link if something goes wrong. The way I personally read the update was that they wanted to encourage us to discuss why we might want one feature over another — not to just simply state a preference. Having been down this road before, I worry that because people stated their preference in the comments they may not fill out the survey when it comes out. I believe the survey is where the actual voting will take place. So by all means discuss why you prefer one feature over another (not just which you want), but make sure you fill out the survey. My credit card info changed after I pledged. I hope I still get my Matchstick. I updated my CC info long ago, but it showed in my receipt today that it was charged to my old CC account number. Hmmmm..... +1 for Ad-hoc This has nothing to do with being selfish, I for one came to check the comments and only saw +1 for this and +1 for that so I thought we were supposed to give our votes. Perhaps Matchstick should have been more specific or maybe I should have read their messages better. Anyway I have to admit you got a point and therefore I say --> +1 for Thomas +1 for Local play! @Thomas - They told people to give their opinion on which one they wanted in the COMMENTS. If you don't like it then take it up with Matchstick.tv. @Correia, they haven't set that up yet. All you guys are doing is being inconsiderate and selfish. There's going to be a survey going out where they do the actual vote. At this point, we know that the goal will be either localplay or ad hoc mode, they know we want those features, but the official vote will be where they determine that. There's still plenty of things to discuss in here and having to scroll back through 4 or 5 pages of pointless vote spam makes it really hard to discuss anything. Could people stop posting comments and just send in their votes please! +1 for Ad-hoc +1 for local play Could people please stop spamming votes here. It's making the comment section completely unusable and votes here don't even count. They've already stated that there's going to be a suvey going out which will allow them to ask everybody. But as it is, all these votes are doing is turning the comment area into an unusable mess. +1 for local play +1 for Ad-hoc +1 for Ad-hoc +1 for Ad-hoc +1 for Ad-hoc Ah hoc BOTH PLEASE! I also hope to see both of them becoming a reality, however, my vote goes for Ad-Hoc. +1 for local play I'd love to see Local Play added. Both sound cool. Local play +1 : local play +1 : ad-hoc ;-) Local play +1 for local play. Gratters and good luck. Hope to see both, but if I had to choose, would vote for ad-hoc. Great! Nice to see you on feb 2015 ;-) Ad-Hoc via bluetooth & Wifi ad hoc +1 for local play Well, I don't walk around with movies on my phone, so I prefer streaming from a cifs server as an option I must have (17 terabytes and counting). If I can fling photos from the smartphone over a common wifi net it's enough, not much use for ad hoc specifically. +1 to Ad-Hoc, and congrats on the successful funding! Ad hoc. +1 for Ad Hoc +1 for local play +1 for ad hoc. I hope to see both of them becoming a reality at some point, however, my vote goes for Ad-Hoc as a priority. +1 for Ad Hoc definetely! +1 for Ad Hoc mode ad-hoc! would make the matchstick useful in *every* situation, not just useful who have gone the much more uncommon road of setting up their own NAS congrates on the successful funding. hope you guys can bring both features (adhoc and local play) looking forward to february Personally - and just from the point of view that almost all of my media resides on NAS - I vote for local play. Both would of course be sweet. I vote for Local Play I vote for Ad-hoc. Congrats on a successful Kickstarter! Congratsulations! I vote for ad hoc as well. My vote goes to local play! Ad-hoc really doesn't add new functionality for me, local play does. Either way it will be fun to see the Matchstick come to life over the coming months. Cheers! I vote also for ad-hoc Congratulations! +Ad Hoc; as previously mentioned by another backer, this would differentiate the product on the market and being open sourced, local play capabilities will probably come in the form of AllCast support. I vote for ad-hoc =) Thanks guys. I would like to see adhoc first but would really appreciate both +1 of adhoc - this is something new that doesn't already exist on other streamers and would differentiate this product. plenty of other solutions for playing media from local network.... Local play. Ad-hoc is unnecessary with a smartphone wi-fi hotspot I'm voting for local play first. Being able to stream directly from my NAS to TV without needing a full fledged computer is the biggest gap in my media streaming at the moment. +1 for ad hoc +1 for ad hoc my vote is for local play. I got a lot of stuff on my network. Hopefully we get both ad hoc and local play, but I vote to prioritize ad hoc first. You got sooo close to your 500K goal - I'd love to see both local play and ad hoc get implemented. This would definitely help set you apart from the chromecast. If I had to choose one I'd prefer the local play - I'd love to get rid of some of my bulky media streamers. Good job! Can't wait to receive my matchstick in the mail! Ad-hoc is freedom! :) Ad-hoc is for people who use Firefox already! We know that corporations keeping Ad-hoc away from the people is there way of nickel and diming us for every little thing! That is why Chromecast had disabled it. So that you are forced to go through some kind of pay scheme to let you view your own media! Ad-hoc frees all of us from being a slave to corporations! WE NEEED AD-HOC! Let us get both ad hoc and local please Hello from Ireland. Looking forward to its release. AdHoc is the biggest request. Have the chromecast but i think it will meet its MATCH come 2015. @Armand In the kickstarter I participated in we had a small handful of backers who had problems similar to your. Amazon will be more help to you than Kickstarter or Matchstick can be. You may have better luck going directly to amazon support. Please let me know if you have any problems finding the link. Also it would be a good time to double check all your payment information, expiration dates, that the funds are available, etc. Finally sometimes it can be hard to see, but normally the Amazon payment page will give you a message telling you what the problem actually is. You might want to double check that page, if you can, to see if there were any other messages. Good luck, I know how frustrating this can be! Sweet! Can't wait to get it! There is somthing wrong with the payment bridge to Amazon i can buy perfectly in Amazon but the link from Matchstick keeps saying fix payment. I have send a message though the contact me. Ad-hoc please! I travel and would love the ability to stream directly to the stick. Congrats!.Anyone know how do I put in/where my shipping address.Thanks. Congrats! Now I hope that the estimated delivery is a little close to the actual delivery. Congratulations on blowing away your funding target! For my use case I would rather have local play than ad-hoc. But if there is support for dlna or a third party app like plex then I think ad-hoc would be a really awesome feature to have. @chuck @chris A couple of things to think about: Out of each pledge they have to pay for each kickstarter to be sent out, which based on experience I estimate at about $7. If they are to be a viable business they then have to make at least one extra matchstick to sell. After Kickstarter and Amazon takes their cut they have about $17.80 per backed matchstick. Which means they have $3.80 margin on each pledge matchstick. This works out to roughly $91,400 for them to pay themselves, do public relations and marketing, finish the Matchstick software, integrate services like Netflix, et al; and develop the stretch goal feature. That is not a lot of money for a tech company. I think we should assume they took the time to calculate their margin and then figure out just how high the total needed to be to develop those features Ad hoc please. I have the hope you will be able to do both.... anyway? I choose ad hoc but only if plex works with the stick , if not local play is essential. Ad hoc please! Local play would be nice but can be accomplished using additional apps on the smartphone. But for a on-the-go scenario (friends, hotel, ...) additional hardware would be needed if ad hoc is missing. Ad hoc. It would be nice to be able to show pictures/video on a monitor/tv when visiting a relative or friend without requiring wireless access (if they have one). Woot! Funded! Adhoc is a better choice for me because then it can be used easily when there is no wifi network available. I have to agree with Chuck Brewster. Considering the extra $370,310 in pledges made, I'd think we could get both local and ad hoc. Come on MatchStick, you know you want and need to be better than ChromeCast. Definitely needs ad hoc. Edit *30k away from half a million bucks, not your initial target! Congratulations on the kickstarter. Adhoc please. Ad hoc. Ad hoc has to be a priority over lan play, even though I really want both. Lousy hotel wifi, wireless data limits, privacy, freedom, and flexibility means that ad hoc aligns with the core goals of a highly functional, highly flexible, useful, and unincumbered device. The trend of increasingly invasive invasions of users' privacy, phoning home, scraping and hawking to the highest bidder every nuance of information that can be stolen from end users without compensation or concern needs to stop. Opt out is not a policy. It is an abuse. Just because we can does not mean we should, and Matchstick could very well be the beginning of users's voice and choice. With a goal of 100,000.00 and then exceeding that by over 370,000.00 I'm sure they could throw us both of them as we were off the goal of 500,000.00 by a very small fraction Ad hoc or both, please. Local Play with Samba is perfect. Thanks YEIIII, congratzzz and im stoked for the stick! I considered local play first as well, but as explained on the comment section a few times this has not much value to ask as it can easily be done with applications that are already out there. So best to ask for is ad hoc as that is more difficult to implement. Local Play for me :) Ad hoc is not needed if you are able to mount a local Wifi AP (most Android Phones allows to do it...). Plex is nice but need a dedicated appliance. A simple router + HDD (integrated or USB etc.) would be nice with local play (please support usual formats, includint MPE2-TS MPEG-2/MPEG-4 contents from DTT recordings ;)). Cheers, Matt ad hoc. Would be better if we have both. Thanks. Thanks. Ad hoc mode please. Gotta have it! To be honest, considering you hit nearly 5 times your initial target, and we're only 30k away from your initial target, I'll be sorely disappointed if you don't deliver local play AND ad hoc mode. Local Play, Pleeeeeeeeeeeaaaase! Ad hoc for me Oh mansies, local play was part of the 500k stretch goal? I really hope we can still get there.. that was 90% of the reason I backed. I would have to agree with those that say Local Play. local play please! Congrats on a very successful campaign, and long live to Open Source Freedom ! Ad hoc is definitely the more unique feature and more useful. Ad Hoc for me too. I think this would be helpful for a much broader audience. I vote Ad Hoc if both can't be accomplished. Ad Hoc first, please! Totally ad hoc Ad hoc please! AD HOC please! Thank you for an awesome Kickstarter! I funded assuming local play :D Congratulations Guys! Success to all off you and matchstick´s developer´s. Ad hoc gets my vote in case both are not possible... great news! and AD HOC would do it for me! because I travel a lot. Local play pls! +1 for Ad hoc! :-D Ad-hoc would be preferable Do I get 2 votes since I pledged for a two pack? 1 matchstick = 1 vote ? 2+ for ad hoc Ad Hoc plz! @Robert the Matchstick team will be sending a survey out to everyone who pledged, probably using surveymonkey or the like. They just encourage people to share their feelings about the features in the comments Ad hoc for me, I already have many different ways of steaming content to the TV from local source. Congratulations! I just hope that my matchsticks come with step-by-step instructions, since I am an old fogey. I'd vote for Ad Hoc! Doubled my order in hopes of getting that 500k mark, but alas, we'll have to keep voting. @oursique (lovely avatar btw) Ad Hoc would just replace how content gets to the Matchstick. So if it is a large file it would jus buffer more before playback, the same way it would if you are connected to the cloud Kickstarter needs a poll system apparently... Another vote for ad hoc mode :-) Ad Hoc. Cause than you can play local things as well. stream it from your mobiel and everything is fine =) @Paul an iOS app would use the Matchstick API — link it into their application — to access the matchstick. It wouldn't break the sandbox at all this way, in the same way that apps that can cast to the Chromecast wouldn't. The Matchstick will come with (as I understand it) iOS and Android apps to control your matchstick, stream video to it, etc. Ad-Hoc mode sounds like a wireless HDMI, but I wonder about the video quality. Local Play is a classic DLNA client. So I think I'll vote for the most complex task, Ad-Hoc mode, while we have the budget for it. LocalPlay can still be added by a third-party contribution. Local play is my vote. No more having to use my Xbox and its finikiness for the various formats of media. +1 for local media Local play. For sure :) Ad-Hoc! @Jock many thanks for trying to answer my questions. To explain, I'm a bit of a newbie (maybe explain my choice of mobile OS). And congratulations to the team on getting funding. I'm still not sure what the iOS app can do (in its sandbox!). Hopefully it will stream video (my main use case). And it sounds as if chrome for iOS will work out of the box! Maybe the matchstick app will connect to Dropbox which would be great! We'll see when we get the hardware/software! Great for Mozilla and Firefox though - I use them every day! Paul +1 for ad-hoc Well done guys. Looking forward to seeing this come through in due course. Don't forget to keep us posted on progress - even if you have "nothing" to report. I'd vote for Local play which is more useful for me ATM, but would love to see both Local play and Ad-hoc implemented pre-shipping :-) @Jorrit To be fair I don't think most people who want Ad Hoc aren't planning to use it that way all the time. They are likely to use it to fling apps, or local content from their laptop/whatever to their TV. They will do these things when traveling or when they can't trust the local wifi network. Even the people who want ad hoc would be using it in infrastructure mode most of the time Congrats! I would like to opt for Ad-Hoc. Local play seams easier for developers to realise. Windows Phone support would be great as well, but that might be something that can be realised quite easily as well by a developer. Ad-Hoc! That would make this device truly unique to its competitors. Plus it would make this device sooooo much more useful in hotels, at universities, and while traveling. That's why I got two of them. But if you could do both............ I'm very proud. Congratulations! I concur with some the comments below for ad hoc because local play, I'm my opinion, is already very well met by Plex. My vote's for ad-hoc! Thanks a bunch for all your hard work! People saying ad-hoc is useless and would work with a perosnal hotspot anyways might be overlooking the fact that to load apps, you need a working internet connection. Look at Chrome, it only works with internet because it actually loads the app remotely. If you set up your own personal hotspot you would require internet access in order to use any apps. On the other hand, LocalPlay would simply be one of those apps, where you select your media on your phone and then Fling it. So in essence, that's exactly what Plex and a lot of other third party apps are created for. LocalPlay is far easier to build for third party developers, ad-hoc mode really requires some low-level OS code which is far less easy. Therefore, I'd say adhoc mode is the 'most useful' feature right now for the Matchstick team to pursue. Once Matchstick really takes off, LocalPlay-alike apps will be trivial. Just my 2cts. I would think we'd see Plex support for local play, wouldn't we? With that in mind, I'd support ad hoc. I think I would rather have Local Play. Just seems like I would get more use out of it. local play is more useful I think! Congrats! I, for one, would like to see ad-hoc as a launch feature. Thanks for the hard work thus far! Ad Hoc would be great! Local play for me, definitely. Something to bear in mind: the Stretch Goals were about what goes into the product at launch in Feb. Nothing prevents the Matchstick team from adding support for the "other feature" after launch; nor the developer community from doing that either. If Matchstick is going to be a success it needs to have a life beyond Feb. In order to do that they need to add features and fix bugs regularly. So when the survey comes out, pick the feature that means the most to you now; and I bet we will get the other soon enough... Ad Hoc please :) Local Play Please! So I guess we won't be getting both additions (local play AND ad-hoc)? Bummer, both are so convenient! I think they'll give us both stretch goals, the satisfaction of an entire early adopters' base is worh well more than 30k, and they know it. That said, Local play is waaaay more useful imho:) There is a lot more competition the past few weeks in this same segment. I am looking forward to seeing what we can do on the Matchstick! Great job guys. Light some fires!! I really hope the Matchstick crew decides to do local play and ad-hoc mode despite coming short of $500,000. Chromecast already has local play and they've announced they'll update it to support ad-hoc mode at some point in the future, so Matchstick needs both to be a good competitor. If it released with both it would be ahead of Chromecast, too. One without the other only helps a little, I think - if you're somewhere where you'd *need* ad-hoc mode, you'd likely be wanting to do local play as you might not have decent network access, or limited data access. @Sorin high 70s matches my rough count of Ad Hoc vs Local Play. Of course that may not represent the overall desire of the (soon to be) Matchstick owning public. In general a comments section/forum only represents the most vocal 1-10% of people. It is the survey they are going to be sending out that will be the final judge... Congratz!! 24,021 Matchsticks to be made, average pledge amount per backed Matchstick is $19.57, about $17.80 after kickstarter and amazon get their cuts. @chris 24,021 I have been keeping a script and spreadsheet to count them :) Well I count roughly 24.000 units that need to be made, and that's not including any pledges above the base levels. I've used a chromecast for a full year, just bought a fire stick and the matchstick. They all have something I want but none of them seems perfect yet. I'll just have to wait to see the fire versus match once they arrive. I do hope they will do both, as so much more money came in. Let us hope that matchstick will push for both. If only for one, let us hope they will respect the majority which goes for Ad Hoc. And as far as I could read from most of the comments 78% the primary feature is Ad Hoc. Stick a fork it it, it is done! Now we all just have to wait to see just how much we the developers, and then in Feb everyone else can do with the Matchstick Congradulations! Ad Hoc Most wanted :) ad hoc more wanted, but local play would be great too @roni looks like you called it at $470 ADHoc but would really love to see both considering the efforts. adhoc, if having both is indeed a stretch :'( Both would be great, but I'll take local play Looks like the east coast surge is mostly over, now it is down to the (presumably) sleepy west coast folk in the final 15... @Erik Just so you are aware, the Matchstick does support HTML5 style subtitles. So there isn't a complete lack. That being said I am hoping the community/Matchstick can add subtitle support after launch... I want both Ad-hoc and Local play :) And I really desire subtitle support .. @Marc You wrote: > Why do you need ad hoc mode at all? You can run a WLAN Hotspot and a DLNA... Since I don't have a matchstick, I can't know for sure, but I suspect that the problem with adding ad hoc may have to do with network discovery of the Matchstick. If they are using cloud based discovery (like Chromecast does IIRC) then they will have to rework that for ad hoc. Also there can be problems with using Zeroconf/Bonjour in ad hoc; so that may not be an option and they might have to look at other options. So as I say, I think it may be more complicated than it seems. We will have to see. As an aside: I am not quite sure how DLNA fit into your scenario, but in case you weren't aware: Matchstick does not support DLNA out of the box @Paul So with your matchstick you should be able to: The Matchstick is very much a competitor to the Chromecast more than anything else. With it you will be able to: - Watch videos from online sources such as Netflix, Hulu, etc - Fling videos and the content of web pages to your matchstick - Fling video from Android and iOS apps that use the the Matchstick API - Run FirefoxOS apps on your Matchstick - IF Local Play gets added: play videos from your local network and not just the cloud - Open the case and get access to a USB host header, serial port, and possibly other goodies. This will let you enhance your Matchstick with new hardware - Write your own FirefoxOS/Linux Apps - Replace the default firmware and use your Matchstick for something else Compared to the Chromecast the Matchstick is faster, has more internal memory and flash storage, and does not impose some of the content restrictions that Google does with the Chromecast Getting a Matchstick will, in my opinion, help support Mozilla and Firefox because initially browser flinging will be supported by Firefox natively without plugins, as I understand it (though it may support Chrome out of the box as well, we will have to see). Also the Matchstick is going to be most people's exposure to FirefoxOS, and that should help raise its profile. Ad hoc Obviously, I'd love to see both the features implemented, but my preference would be for the ad-hoc mode. Only yesterday was I in a hotel with my laptop and no internet connection, but the TV had HDMI so it would have come in a treat! I have a NAS server also at home, but this is less important for me as I can already access it from anywhere and my HDR can stream from it onto the TV. To me is more important to add support for subtitles (srt files) and switching between audio streams than the other goals! Please! Almost 470k$ Should be enough Give us both features!! Please ;) Guys you are great, plesae we want both!!! I prefer local play because I can always set up a wifi network on my laptop. I would like to see both, but would prefer local play. I own a wd live media player that can access my windows shares and would love this functionality on this device. Ad hoc for me, but it would be awesome to have both I really hope you guys succeed. Personally I find local play to be most important as one can always have a pocket router if needed. A good implementation playing local content (smb, nfs etc) on the other hand is vital if this device is to work as a one stop media stick. We definitely want both stretch goals. we are so close to 500k please. We want both stretchgoals. It is only fair for everybody who has pushed hard to reach the 500K. Now, I really want both stretch goals! I just went for a second one! we get closer and closer... I just upped my pledge by $5USD, would love to crack the $500K mark! Adhoc I would prefer ad hoc Please do offer both local & adhoc Local Ad Hoc Ad hoc, thanks Ad hoc for me pls ! local play for me, but as everyone else says both would be better Ad hoc for me too, but it would be amazing to have both ! I agree on Ad Hoc. Being able to stream directly from my iPad to the Matchstick would be awesome! Ad Hoc please! Ad Hoc Mode would be the killer, this is so missing on chrome cast! local play can always be achieved by an app like xbmc Local Play for sure!! But i´m agree qith Warren, both features will be a great reward for the backers and our faith in you! Common Guys!! I really hope they include both features even if they don't reach 500k They have subcided their goal anyway and it's in their interest to make matchstick stand out from the rest to succeed in market growth and interest from resellers and distributors. Local play would be great ! This is something which I am missing with the chromecast. The chromecast is only able to steam a local video from your laptop, instead of taking it from the LAN. And please: don't forget all the non English speaking guys out in the world (like with the chromecast), and add support for subtitles and switching between audio streams. Im looking forward to it! Hi there! I have just discovered this project and am currently a backer. I have question though and I am hoping someone can answer it. I can see that this device offers the possibility of many great features for our friends with android devices. Given that it appears related in some way to andriod and/or chrome cast. But I have an iPad (and iPhone). What features could I expect from the iOS app the matchstick people are building? Movie streaming? Where are the movies stored? I understand that their are mobile client API's - both for andriod and iOS. But the you are in the hands of the app developers as to wether they build to these API's - much more likely in andriod world perhaps. Hope someone can answer this - I may buy it anyway just to support Firefox and Mozilla (if only indirectly). Apologies if this topic has been covered before. I've tried to plough through past comments and not seen anything. Paul Definitely go for the ad hoc. With apps like XBMC and Plex (with much better UI than a folder view), there is little to no need for direct local play. Honestly, I think both should be developed, but if only one is going to be, it should be ad hoc. That would really set this device apart from ones like the Chromecast. I say develop both, we're close enough to the latest goal and way past the initial one, aren't we??? Matchstick + XBMC(Kodi) + NAS = Local Play Why do you need ad hoc mode at all? You can run a WLAN Hotspot and a DLNA Server on your mobile devices (at least on iOS and Android). So with the local play feature you can access your content from mobile devices ad hoc without having this as a special feature. Or I am missing something? Develop those two features prior to launch I should say. @Frank and like a lot of Kickstarters I think they picked a goal that represented the bare minimum they would have needed, but were counting on getting much more. But here is the point when they announced their stretch goals, they were somewhere between $320-$360K; I have every reason to believe they took the amount of margin they had then, and calculated what they would need to develop those two features. I don't think they were just guessing @Jock, if they only collected 100K, they would have had the same marketing expenses, PR and so on.. Of course, it is their project and they should decide how to distribute the pledges! I am just saying that they are way beyond that and whatever the difference to 500K will be later it will be almost fivefold the amount they calculated to make the Matchstick happen anyway. The by far most difficult part has to be completed for 100.000$. When going to clients' locations and doing training, I am often faced with inaccessible WIFI and odd cabling for projectors. Definitely a vote for ad hoc! @Sylvan I was trying to provide an overview and point out the path to do it. And as I said the MK80x communities have been doing it. My experience level is very similar to you, and I see people struggling getting their cross compiling setup working every day. But it also seems like you have missed something in that picubuntu example: It was done by cross compiling and building and image. So everything you need to develop on Linux for the MK808B has been solved and the instructions are out there. The reason you need to to an image restore is because the 80X sticks are designed for hacking. But once you do install a non-locked down OS image you can copy files over the network. The Matchstick is not so locked down, according to what the creators have said, and they have said that after the dev units start shipping next month the full build environment will be published on github. It seems like you just need to wait for that. In the mean time, as I have pointed out, if you look around you can find out how to put the matchstick firmware on a MK808B device and find out for yourself. But if you, or anyone else, would like to discuss this in a degree of detail better suited for outside of the comments, you are free to email me privately. Its been a while since I gave out my email address: <email> @Jock, I am a professional firmware developer, currently developing for Linux on MIPS and ARM. I have been building compilers since the 1980's and the Linux kernel since 1992 and am very comfortable with cross compilers. Personally I consider cross compiling a trivial problem these days. But believe me when I say I know there is a whole lot more to developing a firmware image for an embedded device than being able to run crosstool and cross compile. For example, the link you sent for compiling the picuntu kernel and generating a recovery.img requires windows to actually put that recovery image onto the device. @MayeulC actually found some or all of the needed pieces for another board. That is at least some hope they will be available for this one. @creator could have answered my question. But at least they did not keep harping on compiling instead of the hard part. I want Ad Hoc more. vacation cabin doesn't have wireless so that would be better for me. I want both! But ad hoc more because I want to give one to my dad for that (he is constantly asking how he can play videos from his phone on his TV). Upped my pledge to $80 hoping we can get both! @Vincent If you scroll down you can find a post I did where I broke down (my estimate) just how much the Matchstick costs to make. The summary is that for each pledged matchstick they have under $4 "extra" to work with. When you multiply that over the number of non developer matchsticks they are making, it worked out to about $88K — it should be a bit higher now, but please forgive me for not doing all the math again this evening. That is not a lot of money to pay the team, do PR and marketing, develop channel relationships, get the core functionality finished, as well as adding Ad Hoc/Local Play. So I don't think they were being arbitrary about the amount they needed in pledges to develop both features. It is a very small team and they have a lot to do. Would love both with us being so close, but +1 to Ad hoc if you only let us have one! Hoping for both buuut... +1 Ad Hoc. Why wouldn't you guys implement both adhoc and local play?? We got your project this friggin far, show some mutual respect and give us both! I'm sure you guys already are planning on it. Adhoc. +1 Adhoc Hope you make the stretch goal. I'm interested in the added features would love to have a small device that I can use to play stuff from NFS. Not only that - but it would be a Huge thing for you guys and help set the matchstick apart from the competition - and probably lead to increased sales once you're into retail production. adhoc! @Christopher In terms of supporting third party video apps (Netflix, Hulu, etc) it should be fairly comparable. The hardware specs of the Fire stick are a bit better than Matchsticks, but I am not sure how much that will matter in real term However as far as I know the Fire stick doesn't support casting/flinging from a browser to the tv. Nor does it support ad hoc/local content; and it certainly isn't open or easily hackable. Obviously in the venn diagram of TV connected devices there is a fair amount of overlap, but I see the Fire stick as more of a Roku competitor than a Chromecast/Matchstick competitor +1 Adhoc How does this compare to the just announced fire tv stick? +1 Adhoc +1 local play I vote adhoc cmon.......we want both! double your pledges! (.......however i vote local play) Too easy, ad hoc. Voting Ad hoc Ad hoc mode! Localplay! I vote for Ad-hoc mode, if both cannot be obtained. Localplay for me. @Erudite It depends on how the Ad Hoc network is configured. It it is just an ad hoc network between devices that only are connected to each other with connection to the net, the access will be limited to only the devices in the ad hoc network. However if one of the devices in the network also connects to the internet then that device (depending on how it is configured) may also act as a bridge for all of the ad hoc nodes. It is important to remember that ad hoc slows down the speed of the overall network. So a 802.11b network can't bet any faster than 1Mbps, a G network no faster than 11Mbps, and an N network no faster than 54Mbps. So when using an adhoc network it is important to use the fastest networking technology you can on all the devices in the network since video content can be large Question: is ad-hoc an additional capability while behaving like chromecast - wifi - cloud connection? @Necdet They don't answer questions at the pace or style you want, but you know they do answer questions. The FAQ if full of them, and while it is infrequent that they appear in the comments, they do show up from time to time. And they have said that after the kickstarter is over (13 hours to go!) the will set up support forums which is a much better venue than the single threaded comments section here on kickstarter. Hey all I want to dispel a potential myth or two about developing for matchstick. So before I get to the questions @Sylvan and MayeulC about cross compiling I wanted to cover the fill range of ways to develop for the Matchstick: 1) HTML (aka Webapp on your device) The simplest and easiest way is probably to write webapps that are intended to run in your browser, then use "tabcasting" to present them on your screen. 2) FirefoxOS The Matchstick's official os is FirefoxOS. just like Google's ChromeOS It is a very basic Linux setup that then use's Firefox HTML renderer as the display layer. The Matchstick team is essentially recommending FirefoxOS as the way they see users developing for Matchstick. This adds the benefit that you don't have to worry about conflicting with Matchstick's basic functions. 2a) Developing for Firefox OS on the Matchstick You just know someone is going to use the approach for #3 and then develop FirefoxOS apps on the Matchstick using VI or EMACS or the like. I leave this as an academic excersize for the reader 3) Developing for Linux on the Matchstick If you can develop resident on the Raspberry Pi you can develop resident on the the Matchstick. You might have to be a little adventurous and open the case and get access to the serial port first, but once you do you have full access to the Matchstick. Linux binaries created for other RK3066 devices should work on the Matchstick, and the dev tools for the RK3066 MarsBoard, MK808B, etc should work just fine. Depending how much experience you have you should be able to add the tools you need without affecting the Matchstick's core software and FirefoxOS. If not you can wait until the community makes a convenient set of installation instructions for you/ Or if you don't care about FirefoxOS or Matchstick's software (and at least some of you won't) you can install Ubuntu or other distros made for the MarsBoard or the MK808B onto your Matchstick without bother. If you poke around you can find people who have installed the Matchstick Firmware on the MK808B to experiment with it 4) Developing for Linux on a different Linux Computer I pointed Sylvan to these instructions: <url>"out of the box" functionl product advantage. Most of the people who will be the customer base are more likely to be those that have to pay someone to configure their home network, so if the product does what they want out of the box and can largely set up itself or self detect the network environment, fine, but you can not market to those people based on potential future community based applications that they may be able to download and configure once the "open source community" has figured it out. As I recall, those were supposed to be the "embraced" and featured solutions for both Roku and Chromecast, but they have fell short so far. Lots of apps that aggrigate one channel or feed, but do not do much more than that... The tolerance for an end user configurable solution ought to be a few menu selections, that is it, any more and you risk people passing it over. A good example is a person in my family, if they can launch an app with a couple of menu clicks, great, but if they have to configure something, or it does not work reliably, then it is deemed not worth their time and they will not go back to it. The fact that I have the patience and can make it work is irrelevent. But these are just my thoughts for the developers, they can take them or leave them as they wish... Ad hoc mode for me as well ! Congrats on your success ! Alfred Yep ad hoc. @MayeulC, @Jock Murphy, There is apparently no way to do the full development on linux today. This includes all the information I could find on the link from you Jock. Summary: Can compile on Linux Cannot have full control over the firmware image flashing such as partitioning, updating/recoverying the boot loader, etc. from Linux. Rockchip provides libraries only for Windows and they do not publish the necessary information nor has anything beyond the very basics yet been reverse engineered. If your device is running correctly, and your firmware image can reflash itself, then no problem. If your firmware can accept an update from linux you can flash from linux. The problem comes when your device is not running correctly or if your firmware cannot or will not accept an updated image to flash itself. The most common solution is to have a windows VM and do the flashing and recovery from there, it usually works. But a real windows system is sometimes needed for boot loader recovery when the VM approach just isn't working. Or at least that is all I've been able to find from the community at large. I may put up with that kind of nonsense if I'm being paid enough and the rest of the job is happy. I have plenty of enjoyable things to make on my own time instead of trying to work around a miserable development model. @dbradical : I am rather confident in the buzz the community will generate around this product after it starts tinkering with it. It's like the raspberry pi, or the arduino : people will get used to the name (I hope so, at least), and will recognize it among other "generic brands". Given, not everyone will know the name, but the price point is quite low, and the community will probably come up with great usages for it, that can be later included in the product itself : that's what open source is capable of. I mentioned it probably 300-400 messages ago. I discovered it when someone asked about power and I went back to the schematic. If you do look at the schematics (<url>"USB Devices" and the accompanying "RK3066-F" and you can see the OTG pins (including the ID pin) wired into the RK3066. The bottom half of the page covers the USB Host connector. I think some of the confusion is the to an engineer a USB Port just means that there are exposed pins, it doesn't have to be a USB connector (what most people think of as the "Port"). This is why I have tried to talk about the USB host port as being a header. It isn't exposed though the case and you will have to solder on something to interact with it. The Matchstick team has never explicitly referred to the OTG port; they just seem to talk about the micro usb connector as for power. But from the schematics it is wired up as OTG. I hope that cleared things up a little @Jock, did I misunderstand when that come up? If so, then I guess I'm less concerned about the lack of bluetooth support. I remember some talk of their being a port and then some talk of their being a header, I guess I got the two mixed up. @Thomas So the Matchstick actually has two USB ports. The one they label for power is wired — according to the schematic — as a USB OTG cable. The other one, the one inside the case is a USB host. What I can't say is if the OTG port is enabled in the Linux device tree; but that if it isn't it should be something the developer community should be able to do and publish instructions. I wish people would stop spamming the comment section for ad hoc versus local content. There will be a proper vote for that where all 16000+ backers will be asked what they want. I'm rather tempted to buy a second copy, but I'm not really sure. There is likely to be a second edition and this one doesn't look like it's going to have that USB exposed. Just for some context, I used to run a semi-popular site for playing turn based games, and I was able to observe a pattern that I see here on kickstarters as well (all times are PST): There is a uptick in the morning starting around 4:30 which when people on the east cost are getting up and getting ready for work, it grows more a few hours after that as people on the west cost wake up and get ready for work, and eventually it trails off around 8:30 or so. Then it starts picking up again as the lunch period rolls across the country, dips down again as it rolls past the west coast. Finally it hits its height as the wave of people getting home from work moves across the country. We have 20ish hours left to go, but we really won't know until we see how people react starting around 5-6ish PST This user's account has been deleted. @Armand I, personally, think the odds are too close to call. We should probably see another surge soon as the west coast lunch time hits, and then again in the evening as people leave work and get home. If that can generate a surge anything like the first four days then it could happen. I am not saying it is certain by any count, but that the possibility exists. So switching gears slightly, I would love to hear people's estimates as to what the final pledge amount will be... Being realistic we are not going to make the 500K as by now we should have been around the 455K or maybe they will get some Ultimate CES packages in the last hour that will do. I am glad i will get some sticks in feb.2015 still long wait, but hopefully worth it. Sorry for the long post... :o) Speculation aside about price points, etc. Ultimately what will sell this to the general user community (beyond 20K units sold already, which is no small amount, congrats!) will be the out of the box user experience. Why should the average (i.e., not kickstarter backer, non-tech savy) user take a chance on what essentially is a "generic" brand hanging on the shelf of their local electronic store? I would assume it would have to be based solely on the features (or a ridiculously low price point), what does this unit do that the others do not, the more advantages there, the better for marketing and sales. Forget what the developer community can do or might do. You may even have a strong argument for deferring profitability for the team if the end result is a “stand out” product. The average user is not going to want to fiddle with the device much, so either you plug it in and it works and there is an incentive to place your money with this device over the other commercial models, or not. The average consumer is not going to have the time, patience, or the courage to download special software (beyond aps), configure their home devices in a special way, etc. The consumer experience will likely be "plug it in, if it works the way they want/need it to, they may load some apps to expand functionality. If it does not, it likely will go back in the box and feel their $xx expense was wasted." I think it would be unwise to market the device on what the developer community could do in the future. But that of course is my opinion, however it may indeed mirror my reality. Can I download a bunch of options, can I play with linux and turn it in to something else, sure. But honestly I do not have the time for that. I am merely looking for options other than what I currently have with my existing hardware and backing another consumer option seemed like a good risk to take. The Roku boxes I bought essentially provide us Netflix accessibility on non-networked devices, can the boxes do more, sure, but are they actually used for that, not really, even with all the “apps.” But if I walked into a store and saw this on the shelf next to what is currently available, the “elevator speech” for the device ought to make it very clear why even at a few dollars less than existing units or an equivilent price, I should be motivated to by this “right now.” In my way of looking at things, that may be the best argument for adding on the requested functionality, streatch goals or not. Dave Ad Hoc, please. The idea of this was enough to get me to buy in. Here is the thing, you can probably get around Ad Hoc but using a < $25 travel router (it all depends on how they are doing network discovery), and you can get around local content with a simple app that makes all your content accessible to your browser (or to a FirefoxOS app). So while both features would be great since you wouldn't need any extra hardware/software, there should be ways without having either. @MayeulC There is no reason you can't. You have to be familiar with cross-compiling, but if you set yourself up your linux system for RK3066 cross development, then you can compile away to your hearts content. If you go out there and see what people are doing developing for the MK808B (the closest in hardware to the Matchstick) then you will have a good idea of what can be done I really hope there is some way to develop on Linux. I can't imagine the contrary. For a V2, a matchstick with NFC (or bluetooth) would be really cool : it would allow to initiate data transmission over Wi-Fi direct. I really hope that the matchstick will be able to run on a network without Internet connexion, be it adhoc or localplay with a router. I can imagine some discovery protocol ongoing with Avahi/Bonjour, but it would then be unreliable on most enterprise networks. As I said earlier, neither of those two features are particularly hard to implement, and I would be surprised if no one in the community implemented them in some way or another. But having it as officially built-in into the OS would really be great, so hopefully the devs will make both happen after the release. @sylvan the Matchstick linux is rootable and open. They have stated that the whole build environment will be up on Github post launch. You can do anything you want to the linux configuration you want. There is even a serial header on the board After no response from @creators, and after following the suggested tips for rockchip dev on linux, there is no reasonable solution. Without the ability to dev on linux my firetvstick is effectively just as open. If nothing changes I am pulling out in about 12 hours. @Maxedaddy you do not understand. ad hoc connects you to the network. You need local play to be able to "play anything you want". Without local play you are still limited to the supported internet sources or to flinging. Now the challenge is to see if we can get to $500K. It is certainly doable considering the pledges in the first three days, but it probably be close... I wonder if we will make it to $500K. That would be awesome! Yay we made it! We blew past it! Yay! @Jock Murphy, almost there! @Armand, no i think its a separate backer because now it 16687 backers! And we make it to $450K Congratulations all! congratulations on the 450K now lets move it to 500k ! $4 to go! One more stick! One more stick! One more STIIIIIIICK! @Armand I don't know what you mean about the casing. Just so you know the header isn't a standard USB Host header the anchor holes on either side. My belief is that the best approach is to cut a USB male to female (ie USB extender cable) in half and then either drill a hole in the case or just nip a whole one more stick please no max that is someone who is probably upgrading his one stick to 2 or 5 ;-) @Jock yes i already looked at that, would need to have one in my hand to see if its possible for the casing etc Somebody just got cold feet! It went from 16685 to 16684. @Armand If you go back to the dawn of time in the comments, someone associated with the team pointed out that AP6330 is a significantly more expensive part. So much so they couldn't justify using it and keeping the price the same. My own take is that they only way they can add something like that or use a different less expensive chip, is for the V1 Matchstick to be enough of a success that they can either make enough to discount the AP6330 to a point where it is affordable, or use a different chip. Now the other option is that there is a USB Host header inside the case. If one solders on the right cable, then you can attach a bluetooth adaptor, or a more advanced wifi adaptor, etc Having this as an Adhoc device would be just incredible! You could play whatever you decide without having to be connected to any routers! Ad-Hoc mode please. $84 left! Chromecast was cool when i first bought it. I was filled with hope. Then they took away tab casting and local play. They finally gave that stuff back but the hardware specs make it laggy. The Firestick has better specs but they are a closed platform. Now the Matchstick has comeperable specs to the Matchstick but its open source platform! I really, really can't wait to get my hands on it. I will carry it on my key chain! Personally want local play rather than adhoc, but both still are crucial in making this the premier device. 2272 per next 22 hours more and we reach 500K I already have Chromecast and i just ordered the FireStick from Amazon, so i thought that having all three would be awesome! This way i can really see who is the best! I bet the Matchstick is going to win because of its opensource platform. You know i've backed a bunch of these kickstarters and i've yet to receive one of my items. I hope i start getting something soon! I hope that Matchstick 2.0 will have bluetooth and 5G support AP6181:WIFI Only(BCM40181) AP6210:WIFI+BT4.0(BCM40181+20710) AP6330:WIFI(2.4G and 5G)+BT4.0+FM(BCM4330X) AP6493:WIFI+BT4.0+FM+NFC(BCM43341) $153... $153! Left! @maxedaddy $171 away, but so close we can all taste it! I just saw that they are 120 dollars away from the stretch goal! Here is the supported media <url>— using the majority of their left over funds to add both features* — then they would have almost nothing left over for vital things like compensating the team for the next four months, and public relations, and marketing, etc. The Stuff that enables them to actually sell the extra matchsticks and start a self perpetuating business At this point it is almost certain they are going to hit $450K, so you will get the chance to vote for one of the two features; and with luck we will get the other after launch. Or the community will figure out a way to add it ourselves; because Matchstick is so open we can do things like that. @C As currently designed Matchstick — like the Chromecast — is designed to work in WiFi Infrastructure Mode. Infrastructure Mode is the way most WiFi networks are configured with a routers and a number of devices that interact with each other through the router. Ad Hoc mode on the other hand means the devices talk directly to one another, without a router. So without ad hoc mode, no matter where your content is coming from — a local app, a game, etc — you would still need to be connected to a router at the very least. The part I, and no one without a matchstick, can answer is how is your Matchstick discovered by your computer, tablet, phone, or whatever. They may be relying on the cloud for that, like Chomecast does. AdHoc for sure, localplay can easily be done by any developer AdHoc for sure @Jean-Philippe They made a fixed number of developer units, around 500 as I understand it. 250 were made available through the kickstarter, and 250 though the developer program: <url>"Ad Hoc mode, or peer to peer playback, allows for you to play any content ... without connection to the cloud." Does this mean I have to be connected to the Internet for anything to work? I should only need to be connected to WiFi, so even if I don't have Internet authorization (say, for a proxy), or my Internet connection is down, matchstick will still work, correct? I'm rooting for Ad-Hoc, but even if they only do one its only a matter a time before the Masters of the Interweb hook us up with local play. I'm excited to just get a Matchstick in my hands!! ad-hoc pls (or both to make a more competitive product)... @Martyn, Yeah, even with 450K building both things would only be fair. For Loal Play it should be easy to make on an Android device, You need a List View a running service in which you have a socket connection to the receiver device , in our case Matchstick. Paralel you have a conenction on another Thread(Socket) which talks to the server. And during this time you just tell Matchstick that the content is found on the given Link to the Local Server Media. And that's it, that should be your Local Cast. And the good part is that all of this is already out there, perfected for Chromecast and it works like a charm, hence I am using it every day. For people who still think Local Play is a Feature that needs to be specially implemented, there are allot of open source projects on github that do exactly that. Some are servers and some are Android Apps. Porting an app from Chromecast to Matchstick shouldn't be hard and according to the Matchstick it takes little time. Please see links: Media server: <url>� Yeah, That's the spirit. Common people don't be shy push for AdHoc. Ad Hoc please. Ad-hoc please, both would be simply GREAT... Ad-hoc ++ ad-hoc Ad-Hoc !! You have the 4-fold by your actual target collected. Please implment both. This is fair!!!!! +2 for ad-hoc ;-) +1 for ad-hoc :-) @Cassiano, Youtube uses both flash and HTML5. On the Chromecast device I can cast without a problem youtube content. So theoretically it should support flash as well. I'd like one local play please :-) Sorin thanks for the info Just a whisper away from $450k now, and if they create an add on pledge button to buy 1 (or multiples of 1) extra sticks for existing pledgers and enough of us increase our support and buy another stick/s $500k could still be met and all stretch goals could be met, spread the word & buy another stick for a friend if the add-on button is created. Lets blow chromecast out of the water - too many conglomerates are taking control. This is one easy and cheap way to take control back from those who would use us all to compile and sell data. Re-open up the net to the people not corporations, support this project and encourage others to do the same. Will any of these features allow me to stream flash videos from my computer to the telly? If I have to choose I'll go for ad-hoc. Thanks! So, please people push for AdHoc if you really want a cool device. Exactly Kim. You can take it everywhere, no extra router or hot spot/ Ad Hoc. I mean that should Matchstick do to be different from the competition. Otherwise from ussage they would be the same as Chromecast. Ok, they have Firefox OS and an open platform but for the end user non developer who just wants to use the dam thing these things don't matter. I'll go with ad-hoc please. Seems nice to take the stick with me to the farm and with no internet / router :-) There are tons of Local Cast apps that do exactly what : " Local Play on Matchstick will allow you to stream content from your own local media servers (located on the same local area network, of course). We will provide an app for you to access content on your local media servers" they describe. Check these links: <url>"Extra". So just under $88K to pay the team, do PR and Marketing, develop the things they have said are in the works, etc. That is hardly anything at all in the world of hardware and software. This is why I believe the stretch goal had to be this high to justify adding on features that their primary competitor doesn't have at all. @ryan this is a repost of something I wrote this morning. I hope it goes a ways to explaining why the stretch goal is where it is: Lets take a moment to say where your money goes. As a disclaimer I will say that while I have had some interaction with the Matchstick folk, I don't have any inside information. Recently I calculated the average pledge per matchstick as $19.70. However once you factor in Kickstarter and Amazon, it is probably closer to $18. I don't know how much the Matchstick costs to make but it is probably close to $7. So $18 - $7 = $11. Now Matchstick has also said that they want to sell the Matchstick in retail channels as well. So I am going to assume they are going to make one extra matchstick per backed matchstick. In that case it is really $18 - $14 = $4. So that means they have $4 left out of each backed Matchstick to may the team, do marketing, and hire staff to add features like Ad Hoc and Local Content (aka Local Play), etc. Earlier today I calculated the number of non developer units (which are already made) at around $22,000+. So that $4 margin per backed kickstarter only means $88,000+ for them to do the things I described above. The retail units they will be making (if indeed that is their plan) is what will generate profit to reinvest in future development; but they can't realize that income until they are sold in the marketplace. Ad hoc would be great thanks guys I pledged because of Matchstick's open nature and just want to support Mozilla. But I totally agree with Ryan - we are talking about (basically standardized) software functions implemented in millions of devices already! Come on Mozilla, you haven't forgot how to please the users! (Finally integrating Lightning directly into Thunderbird makes me believe so... YEAH!) Lets cut straight to it here, if Matchstick claims to be a better alternative to Chromecast and other similar devices it really should offer Ad-Hoc and Direct Play without squeezing the backers (read: investors). As it stands now, they have far exceeded their original funding goal by a margin so wide that most Kickstarter projects would trade their kidneys for. Matchstick's potential genuinely has me excited, but potential unrealized is worse than a total funding failure. Healthy competition can only be achieved by offering a better solution. That competition is what drives innovation which is where we all benefit. It isn't hard to improve over the Chromecast given its limitations. When I originally pledged on this project, I didn't even check to see if Ad-Hoc and Direct Play were supported. I presumed (albeit incorrectly) that a device with so many nice features would include native support these capabilities. I would also like to point out that implementing these features shouldn't be any type of significant challenge. I have a TV which is over 5 years old, it is not a Smart TV but it does support DLNA out of the box. If my old TV can do it, so can Matchstick. I vote Ad Hoc. As you mentioned, it was the most popular request, and it is the competitive advantage over products like Chromecast or the new Amazon Firestick. Also, the Ad Hoc setup seems to be more user-friendly in concept. I'd like both to be included, after all "Matchstick" is going to create history within couple of months, so why not with a bigger bang. But if I have to choose, it'll be Ad-hoc mode. Local play would be more useful for me. But I would definitely be happy with either! Local play. My phone can be a hot spot. Both would be nice, but local play will benefit me every day where ad hoc would only be handy in rare cases. I'd say local play is more important because it's not that hard to bring your own portable router around with you to hotels and other places, and you can only fit so much content on a mobile device. That being said, I hope more features continue to come on a regular basis and this campaign isn't determining the final extent of the feature list... Per Update #7: "We are still pushing towards $500K and our two stretch goals, but we've decided to give our supporters their favorite when we hit $450K. So we need you to tell us, is it Local Play or AdHoc Mode? We will be sending out some surveys upon campaign closure, so keep an eye out for them! But in the meantime, leave us some comments and let us know! " So comment away on which one you want folks! I feel stupid asking this but am I missing more of difference between the Ad hoc/local play than ad hoc allows for no cloud/wireless connection? Other differences/advantages/disadvantages of both..? Just a reminder folks, you will be getting a survey to let you vote for which feature you want. They aren't using the comments for that. ad hoc please! Ad hoc for me! I would like both but if i have to choose then its local play for me Ad hoc mode for me! Have a nice day :) @Jian in the FAQ they have stated that they won't launch with DLNA. Local Play is more about playing content off of network drives. That being said I hope the community works on DLNA added soon. Remember Developers get their units next month. That is when the fun really begins! How about local play with DLNA. Local play is defintally my choice but I hope we make it to 500 Local play, good sirs. Huzzah! I can't wait to get mine and start using. I vote for local play as my choice Local play if you would be so kind. So I am going to agree with @Justin in the sense that no one should ever look at the trend or projection numbers and assume they are a crystal ball. Though in my own experience, and it is likely to vary person to person, I have found the projection tab to being fairly close in the last 48 hours. In the same way that political polls tend to be most accurate in the last few days before an election. Though anything can (and sometimes does) happen. That being said the other data on Kicktraq is very accurate and very useful. I highly recommend it as a resource. It is why I can tell you that today is Matchstick's 8th most successful fundraising day, so far. Jock, you completely misunderstood what I said. Also, as I told you before, stop replying to me. Ad Hoc is my pick because my local content will be available via Plex. @Justin I don't think anyone has used it as one so far. But it is a very good source of statistical data not available on Kickstarter. This user's account has been deleted. People should stop looking at Kicktraq unless you understand what trending actually means. Kicktraq is NEVER to be used as a crystal ball. Trending towards (does not equal) what it will finish at. Definitely Local Play if given the choice between that and Ad Hoc. We already got past the amount of money pledged the last 21 days, just today. Let's not forget that everyone that clicked on the "remind me" button will get reminded in 20 hours, too. I can't give a real estimation(even if I wanted to), but $450k seems feasible before 20 hours, and $500k is not completely out of reach at all, just slightly compromised :) @Roni that is close to Kicktraq's prediction at the moment. I still think $500K is within the realm of possibility; so I am keeping my actual prediction to myself — but it is a bit higher than yours ;) So what does everyone think? Just where will this kickstarter end up, say rounded to the closest thousand? Ad-Hoc pleeease! Because, all other stuff is able to do the other thing. my prediction - 470K Thanks for the clarification Jock. So in other words we get about 50% discount and in return we fund their retail campaign. I'm ok with that :) @John Quite so ;) @Jock Murphy well if you put it that way then ye everything makes sense.... @John A talented engineer costs a lot more than $35K @Martin Ok that makes sence but still... in their calculations they should have take into consideration what it would take to produce at what price point.. so my guess is that at 18$ they would loose money. At worst case scenario I think they could make as little as 1$-2$ profit so as to make it more accessible to the backers. So if they didn't miscalculate production cost then they should be ok with what ever amount they produce.. and don't forget... by demanding more units the manufacturer will reduce their cost production! @MayeulC When I travel I take a TP-Link TL-702N router with me (its about the size of a pack of playing cards and USB powered). This lets me create a private WiFi network (which can optionally connect to another wired or wireless network as I choose) for all my devices to connect to. They also make a battery powered unit. Obviously Ad Hoc would be a better solutions, since you wouldn't need to carry around extra hardware; but there are other solutions. Lets take a moment to say where your money goes. As a disclaimer I will say that while I have had some interaction with the Matchstick folk, I don't have any inside information. Recently I calculated the average pledge per matchstick as $19.70. However once you factor in Kickstarter and Amazon, it is probably closer to $18. I don't know how much the Matchstick costs to make but it is probably close to $7. So $18 - $7 = $11. Now Matchstick has also said that they want to sell the Matchstick in retail channels as well. So I am going to assume they are going to make one extra matchstick per backed matchstick. In that case it is really $18 - $14 = $4. So that means they have $4 left out of each backed Matchstick to may the team, do marketing, and hire staff to add features like Ad Hoc and Local Content (aka Local Play), etc. Earlier today I calculated the number of non developer units (which are already made) at around $22,000+. So that $4 margin per backed kickstarter only means $88,000+ for them to do the things I described above. The retail units they will be making (if indeed that is their plan) is what will generate profit to reinvest in future development; but they can't realize that income until they are sold in the marketplace. Judging by what I can understand of the internals of the matchstick without reading the documentation, local play and ad-hoc mode are both software problems. About local play : The biggest challenges are to implement the required protocols for local play (NFS,SMB, WebDAV, FTP, SFTP, and whatever...) in the API, and then design the interface to easily choose the content to be played. Once the API bit is done, any application will be able to access external media. (I don't know FirefoxOS enough to tell if the operating system would allow an app to access the system at a low enough level to implement this functionality by itself - any insight on this would be appreciated). About ad hoc mode, now : you can use a router, but that's not portable enough. You can also create an access point from your smartphone to connect your matchstick to (I don't know how the configuration will be managed, though; it sounds like trying to enable the network interface on a remote server :-/ ). From what I saw about the software stack; creating a network from the matchstick is quite straightforward, and can be done with some minor modifications to the init scripts, if not directly from a third party app (given this app has root access). The most complicated part here would be to design the application, the challenge is not really a technical one. Again, if this platform sees others distributions ported to it (let's say, openelec or debian, and I am quite sure they will), most of the ad-hoc or local play work will already have been done, so that's not a big deal here. The discussion, however is about knowing if this functionality will work out of the box. While it would be great to have both, I'd rather prefer to see the devs tackling the local play issue first, since it seems the hardest to do from a third party developer. That's just my point of view, though. John, the extra money would compliment the extra demand. They didn't expect such a strong support and to sell so many units. Now they have to produce it. It's not just about the programmers but also the manufacturing. @Jock Murphy So imagine what 440k would do :) Even if they hired 4 more programers for a few months to add those 2 feature they would have still be left with more money then they asked for.... I guess a good programmer makes 30-35k annually?? And they wouldn't even need them for more than a few months I guess.... Thanks John, I agree, I don't think it would be very difficult to port over xbmc. I am very pleased with their work on this project. XBMC is local play (so is plex). I don't see the need for designing their own app if they could just port those ones. Ad hock however, that's a really cool feature! My other question, if they implement ad hock, will it be compatible with air play? If not, it would be difficult to stream content from an iPad or Mac... @John. No that is not what I am saying. What I am saying is that at $100K there would have been the money to make enough Matchsticks for all the backers, probably an equal number for retail, and then a little bit extra to pay the team and hire more staff @Jock Murphy So at 100k funding some of us then wouldn't get their device?? xD Sorry but as I see it at 100k they can fulfill all their kickstarter orders and anything extra can be used at improving their device... but a jump of 350k to add 1 extra feature seems too steep of a price to me. Especially if it isn't something physical that add extra cost to the development. @Martin they have stated elsewhere in the comments that they are looking at Plex and (I believe) XBMC support. However since the Matchstick hardware is very similar to the MK808B android stick (which can run XBMC) it shouldn't be hard to get XBMC running on the Matchstick after launch @John They were supposed to supply the Matchsticks for the $100K goal, and I have every reason to believe they will. The $500K stretch goal is to add support for two features: Ad Hoc and Local Content (aka Local Play). They didn't say that they wouldn't deliver the matchsticks at all if they didn't get $500K. That is a violation of Kickstarter's rules at the very least. They said that if they got $500K they would add those two features to the matchsticks shipped out in Feb. They recently revised what they said to say that if they hit $450K then they would add one of those two feature. The $100K goal wouldn't have provided an infinite number of matchsticks, the product will retail for $25, people are getting it for somewhere between $12 to $18 each. Most of each pledge goes to making the matchsticks you pledged for. So it isn't like they have $350K extra to make solid gold sandcastles out of. Does anyone know if XBMC will be supported by matchstick? @Jock Murphy. Well they are suppose to provide with everything you said for 100k. I mean what if they only got 100k, they wouldn't deliver devices to their backers? That's the amount they said they needed for manufacturing and everything... the only extra things they added past that goal are the ad-hoc and local play features. Even if they outsourced the programming for those 2 feature to another company, I really doubt it would cost more than 340k. We are talking about 340k EXTRA cash that will not be used in anything, according to them since their initial budget of 100k would have included everything except the Ad-hoc and Local play.... If they do need them to fulfill backer orders then they messed up their initial budget calculations... I understand ofc that this could easily happen as it's happening most of the time on kickstarter projects but this is the case when they get too generous with their stretch goals... Any ways.. that's my two cents on the matter I would also like the Ad-hoc feature my self :P If XBMC (Kodi) will be supported by matchstick, my vote is on Ad hock! This is cool: This Kickstarter raised more money in the first seven hours, than it has in the last 21 days! The odds of hitting $450K (at the very least) is looking very good. I won't harp on this anymore but please remember: the comments aren't where you vote. They are sending out a survey. Making sure you fill out that survey will be far more important to the future of those two features and anything you say here I'll use both : Ad hoc -> 80% Local play -> 20% Ad hoc please. Both would be better, if possible. :-) Ad hoc please. Much more useful all around I think Ad-hoc is the more important feature, because there are so many existing local play apps for Android\IOS\Chrome etc, and surely some of them will implement flinging to Matchstick. Ad Hoc mode 4 sure man! If I can't use it where I can't get internet/phone service, I have little use for the Matchstick. I'll keep an eye out for the survey, but my vote is for local play. If this can't connect to a media server it has a lot less value to me. Plex would be fine too. I would rather have Ad-Hoc mode over Local Play with the possibility of a Plex client in the future.. @Glenn but if they hit $500K you get both, and if they hit $450K you get one of them. It seems more fair than the all or nothing approach that it used to be. @John local play and ad hoc are most certainly not "basic" features. I'm not aware of any other option that has local play other than through Plex, and ad hoc isn't something that's well supported either. If people want those features, then I have no problem with them adding them, but considering that Matchstick would be the only player I know of that has those features, I'm not sure that it's fair to refer to them as basic features and chastize the project for not having them. @Glenn shouldn't a wifi hotspot made with your phone (even without internet) and local play cover that scenario? I agree that it's a little wrong to get this much funded and have us pick between features we want. That being said, I think Ad-hoc is better. Many times, I travel with BSA groups to cabins in the middle of nowhere. If I can't use it where I can't get internet/phone service, I have little use for the Matchstick. And just to point out the obvious we are within ~$10,000 of getting at least one of the stretch features done. When the surveys go out, we will get to vote which one we want @john I can't answer for Matchstick, but if you look look at the articles about them they are about 4 people, with a lot to do between now and Feb. In order to add Ad Hoc and Local Content they are going to have to staff up. Considering that most of each pledge goes to pay for the manufacture of Matchsticks that people have pledged for and to manufacture others to sell, it isn't that shocking they need to hit at least $450K in order to staff up to make at least one of those features. Future functionality I meant To those wanting both for the current amount, I would find weird if all of the sudden they decide their estimated cost for a future drops by a significant amount. That would mean they are bad at estimating effort and that usually leads to delays or failed projects. We want everything but we should understand that perhaps things are as expensive in terms of funding as they say. local play will be used more often, adhoc mode could possibly be added with app devolopment down the track. I would rather have the stretch goal that would be used most often to be natively supported in the OS. 440K is quite high...you could get the 2 functionnalities working to my mind... If we have to choose, let's say adhoc mode would be the most "generic" way to watch media. But it would be really disappointing... Local Play + phone wifi hotspot + laptop/tablet should be as useful as adhoc mode in hotels plus is local play would be used daily when you are not in a hotel. You guys got 3 times more what you asked for and u are making us choose one out of the 2 most basic features a device like that will have. I mean how much money will it cost to develop those 2 features, 300k? Because other then these 2 features u didn't have any other stretch goals to account for those extra 300k you got. Sorry for being such a nag but it seem a bit "greedy" to me. Ad Hoc. But seriously, if they want to have a great device they should implement the 2 anyway. 440k$ so far is pretty high in my opinion. Local play will be used daily at home for me. The ad hoc feature is far less interesting. Cheers, Ludo @Wilton @Kimberly One of those two is my favorite features too! But voting will be done via a survey they will send out. Not here in the comments Ad Hoc mode -woowoo!!! There are a number of Powerpoint to Video, and Powerpoint to HTML converters out there — including the online site Zamzar. But it wouldn't be hard to write a 3rd party app to fling to the Matchstick. It isn't difficult to capture the contents of a window, and I will provide a link to get people started: <url>"extra" feature for me. Local play is the feature I'm most looking forward to Power Point is probably a niche use, but it seems to me like it wouldn't be too hard to do as a 3rd party app. It is a niche use, but I don't have a hard time imagining a use for it. I'm sure it would be much nicer than having to physically connect the laptop to a monitor or projector. What about a separate remote to use with it? @mina Actually the number of Matchsticks they are committed to manufacturing and shipping at this point is 22,300+ not counting the 500 developer units already made. I have no inside information about this but I do know some of the people involved by reputation, and they should have the expertise and contacts to make this happen. And of course they have produced at least 500 developer units, including plastics, which is something in and of itself. As for the total number of Matchsticks to be manufactured, in this round, my suspicion based on experience is that it will be between at the very minimum 10,000 more than have been pledged for; and probably much more than that. What is the manufacturing plan? There doesn't seem to be anything about it in the home page or updates, or the comments I looked through, so can you talk about the plan for building and shipping 10,000+ Matchsticks? Are there any challenges or potential delays you anticipate in this area, and if so, do you have a plan for addressing them? @Xifos What secret secret goals? The stretch goals (the only ones I know of at least) are listed on the homepage of the kickstarter. We are roughly $62.5K short of the $500K goal, and pledges look to be picking up (according to Kicktraq). So it is still possible to hit the goal. If we can get to 20,000 (from the 16,34X it is right now) backers with each one just pledging $18 then we will hit the stretch goal. Considering how little time there is left, I have a hunch they may sent out an update soon. Any idea what happened to the secret stretch goals? There go the notifications. Let's watch this project jump! @Matsumitsu I don't know if I would count out making the stretch goal just yet, we are just about to enter the final 48 hours and projects like this can see a dramatic surge in pledges. It is far from guaranteed, I just think the odds are too close to call at this moment. And of course to all of US who want those stretch goals now is the time to redouble our own efforts to get the word out! @Alejandro We know that at the very least Matchstick will support HTML5 style subtitles, and have said they are looking into other subtitle support. They haven't committed to that being prelaunch or post launch though. @kermit_frosch I had decided to leave the amounts taken by Kickstarter, Amazon, Taxes, etc off to make the math a bit simplere, but you are absolutely correct. I hope that the device will handle subtitles in a good way. I watch everything in original version! I would also love a good integration with Linux systems :p The number 1 thing that bugs me with my Roku 3 and my Chromecast devices are that for whatever reason subtitles (or closed caption) doesn't make it. If I play Plex content using the Plex player (or play the video files locally using e.g. VLC) then the subtitles can be shown or not shown, but once I stream to Roku 3 or Chromecast, no matter what settings I choose on either side of the equation, I get no subtitles. I've backed the project, hoping that THIS time I will get a device that actually displays sub titles on my streams.. so PLEASE.. spend a week getting robust sub title support in place.. if its not already. @Jock - and considering the cut for kickstarter (5%) and amazon payments (3-5%), it's probably down to about 18$ Owen knows whats up! Powerpoint would be awesome, however, an alternative could be to export to pdf en show that from the browser. If there would be a streaming stick with ad hoc and password/authentication, half the people in my office would carry it around. On another note: we are not gonna make the overly ambitious stretch goal of 500k. Nevertheless, I have confidence that ad hoc and local file storage options will still be developed. The advantage Matchstick would gain on the closed-source and privacy-bleeding competition (google/amazon) is to great for @creator to pass up. I'm staying the course and keeping my pledge. Yeah, I'm wondering about the firestick, but think I'll try both and compare which is better :) In case anyone is interested, at the time I write this (6:22PM Oct 27) 16,121 backers have pledge $431,551 for 21,914 Matchsticks. This means the average pledge amount per matchstick is roughly $19.70. It is a little more complex than that, because I don't have the data for people who pledged extra to help the project, or who needed international shipping, etc. Now consider that the average consumer electronics product has a 4:1 ratio from retail price to BOM (Bill of Materials). So if the product cost $12 to make, it would retail for $48. Assuming this ratio holds true for the Matchstick. The reason for this ratio is so that a manufacturer can cover the cost of manufacture, tooling, shipping; as well as pay salaries, provide benefits, invest in future product development, and if they are lucky to have some left over for profit. So if Matchstick were to switch to a radio that cost $3 more (to use a number at random), that would eat dramatically into the margin between the BOM and that $19.70. The point of all of this is to say that that a cost difference that might seem trivial to you or I, it has a much greater impact to the product itself. It doesn't mean Matchstick can't add 5Ghz (or my hot button: bluetooth) it just means that this late in the process it is harder for them to justify. Oh and in case you have been playing along with the numbers and calculated the BOM from the MSRP, you have to figure that the difference between that and the pledge average is going to be used primarily to manufacture extra Matchsticks to sell at full price and generate actual revenue... @owen I am not sure how feasible this would be for you, but if the MS Online Office version of PowerPoint has the features you need; then you might be able to fling your presentation from your browser to the Matchstick. @Herbert I too would like to see 5Ghz, but they only have a few months from the end of the kickstarter to shipping; if they are going to meet their deadline. So it is hard to change components — especially ones that cost significantly more — this late into production. Additionally the Pledge levels are between 50% and 72% of the MSRP. Meaning they don't have a lot of budget to allow for adding more costly components. I am not saying it is impossible by any means, I just wouldn't get your hopes up. With luck the Matchstick will be a real success in the marketplace, meaning that they can make the V1.1 (or 2.0) in large enough quantities to make 5Ghz affordable. Come on guys. 5ghz Wifi is feasible. I will gladly pay more for it. Please find a way to fling powerpoint presentations to the matchstick. This could significantly lighten my load to a matchstick and a smartphone. @Jock - you're right, totally forgot about tab-casting... thanks for bringing it up as it definitely does matter to me! Matchstick it is :-) I'm on a school network that has AP Isolation enabled permanently. Will I still be able to use Matchstick here or will I have to wait until I get home? There's also the question of data collection, I'm guessing both Firestick and Chromecast are collecting data on what you cast and Matchstick being Firefox based is not? I'm no expert, but as I see it If you want to pay for all your content through Amazon buy their Firestick, if you want to choose your own content (including free) and cast that buy Matchstick @kermit_frosch I don't know how important to you it is, but the one big feature of the matchstick's native featureset that the Fire Stick doesn't seem to support is flinging from a browser to your TV. I could be wrong on that, but it is a big difference for some. I will leave the Matchstick guys to say how they feel the two products compare; but for me a big difference is the opportunity to enhance/change everything from the OS up. Thank you @Andreas just pre-ordered two :) @matchstick.tv i really can't understand why you didn't write here oh well, I waited and watched but finally pledged earlier today - now that the fire tv stick has been released I really need to reconsider... @matchstick.tv - did you guys see this coming? Where do you see matchstick's pros against the amazon stick (apart from being open?) Specs-wise it is at least on a par (even with 8gigs of memory) plus it comes with an optional remote and a tried-and-tested eco-system... It's a tough one Andreas, thanks! Just pre-ordered mine. Amazon just launched a $39 Fire TV Stick to rival MatchStick and Chromecast: <url>— based on my own experience on similar projects. Still if it is important to you, you should probably let matchstick know so, at the very least, they can add it in a future release. Fire TV Stick - might be good to do a comparison with this, supposed to be out ahead of Black Friday. Just sayin... @Nghia when discussing other pin compatible radio modules — such as the AP6330 — matchstick has said their decision to use the AP6181 is fixed. The added cost of the more capable modules would would be unacceptable... for version 1 at least. And course, since there is a USB host under the case, we can wire in cable and add support of that kind of thing ourselves. Is the MatchStick physically wired for HDMI-CEC or will it be in the future? I know that the MatchStick FAQ here on KickStarter say that it is "not easy to implement" for you, and I understand Raspbarry Pi said the same when they initially launched, but since the Raspberry Pi was at least already physically wired for HDMI-CEC the open source community could add the missing software support, and the Raspberry Pi community did do that too after a while. The result from that is also LibCEC by Pulse-Eight which is an open source API library for CEC that any open source application can re-use. <url>"power supply". So some kind of wall wart and micro USB cable. As I understand it, there will a small HDMI extension cable, a micro USB cable and perhaps a cheap USB wall adapter. I'm satisfied. Hey all, I got a reply from the Matchstick team about what is in the box. Their answer is: "...Power supply, [and] HDMI cable [are] included in the box." So there you go. It looks like everything you need (aside from a device to fling from ;) is in the box! @Roni It is unclear at this time. I would like to presume so, but you might want to ask the question in the FAQ I did not understand from the project description "what's in the box". Is a micro USB cable included? @Cristian +1 @Wes, UPNP doesn't have to be on the device. You just have to install a UPNP renderer/server for example Bubble UPNP, and on your desktop plex or anotheer media server. From there, you just have to select Matchstick as the renderer adn Plex or another instance of Bubble UPNP as the server. Chromecast has this and using it daily. Quality is the one of the streamed content. so HD if content is HD, and so on. @Wes the FAQ doesn't specifically address UPnP A/V support but I suspect it is like Miracast, WiDi, DLNA and Airplay; which they do discuss. None of those features will available at launch How about UPnP A/V support? I think the Matchstick team should hurry and confirm if local play and ad-hoc will be available even if we don't reach the goal BEFORE the backers lose interest and remove their pledges. I for one, won't remove the pledge (for me it's enough that it's open source unlike chromecast and that it has nothing to do with the hypocrites from google) but there are a lot of people that care only about those 2 features, so hurry up! Please tell us if local play/ adhoc will be included, without reaching the 500k goal If not there is no special reason to choose this stick instead of other allready tested sticks... @Thomas I think Ad Hoc is one of those your milage may vary things. I have used ad hoc more than a few times, and never had a problem with network stability, just throughput (as I discussed below). But even an ad hoc network of 802.11b devices, will have better throughput than bluetooth. Just as an aside, before getting an N network I resolved most of my network contention issues by scanning the nearby networks and seeing which channels were being used. I then picked the least used channel and network performance was instantly better. If you have an N network, then that is a different kettle of fish. That being said, a direct cable connection (as you mentioned) would be a better general solution. Since the matchstick has both USB device, and USB host you could achieve that with either a point to point USB network, or using a USB ethernet adaptor. It's a bit stone soup, but it would give you the best network security as well. @Jock, I'm aware of that, but I'm also aware that ad hoc mode has never been particularly well supported. It was there, but there were always significant bugs. And you can get small wireless bridge devices and access points for not that much money. There's also the numerous issues with an already crowded spectrum in most areas. Whenever I do a local scan there's at least a dozen access points within range and I'm not even living in an apartment building. Realistically, you're probably not going to be getting full bandwidth from ad hoc mode either, even below the amount you suggested earlier due to congestion. So, physically hooking up a cable is likely to be the most realistic option anyways. Of course folks are free to do as they wish, but I've never been in a situation where ad hoc was useful and usable at the same time. I've had times when it would be useful, but since it wasn't supported by Android I couldn't use it and I've had plenty of times when the hardware would support it, and where I'd have no use for it. I really hope this item makes it to 500k, with four days to go and being at 420k I'm slightly loosing hope but I'm hoping they are able find a way to keep some of the stretch goal alive even if it doesn't make it, local streaming was the cornerstone of "Chromecast" when it was first released and was removed promptly, if this gets local hosting I will be buying plenty more over my days. So best of luck to your goal and please try your best to keep it alive! @Thomas the problem is that while Bluetooth has many many advantages over WiFi, bandwidth isn't one of them. The BT 4.0 spec has a top speed of about 2 Mbps; but realistically most of the time you are going to get around 250Kbps to at most 1Mbps. I think they'd be better off using Bluetooth as it will provide the functionality that folks are looking for from Ad hoc mode along with other functionality that would be more generally useful. It's a shame that we're probably not going to get bluetooth or the USB port included. @Patrick But Ad Hoc and Local Content are stretch goals, the only way to be sure you would get them is to pledge after the $500K mark is hit. Also even if they aren't added prior to launch there is no reason the community couldn't add them. Local content could be as simple as small web server and app that runs on the machine with your content. Obviously this is your choice, I am just suggesting you think about it. @Sylvan I can't test this (since none of us have Matchstick's yet) but I am fairly confident these instructions should work with the Matchstick: <url>— $7,317 — since the 7th. Perhaps the surge is starting early: <url>#chart-daily @Caspy7 Yes but it still requires WiFI Direct hardware. The WIFi chip itself needs to support WiFi Direct, which the AP6181 does not, to the best of my knowledge. I would love to be proved wrong on this though @Jock it *appears* that FxOS should support WiFi Direct out of the box. <url>"Does the matchstick come with a power adaptor" to the FAQ. One one hand considering that the device is selling for $12-$24 might excuse them from shipping a power adaptor (and for the record I don't know one way or another). But with a final retail price of $25 I would expect it to come with one. It is entirely possible they haven't settled on one yet. I bet they are still working on packaging, package contents, etc; and just didn't want to tip their hand just yet. @Dude – don’t patronize me. My point was potential backers that are not familiar with HDMI stick devices may be surprised at the need for a power cord – that’s all. The images and especially the video imply that you simply plug it in and use it, and in my opinion this is hiding the reality of the device. It seems to me this little omission could lead to dissatisfied backers once they receive the final product. @Don >but it seems like something is being hidden here I understand your question, however... when you see a picture of a DVR, Microwave, TV, Cell Phone, Tablet, PC, etc, do they show the AC plug? :-) Also, Matchstick is following the "Industry Standard" when they show a picture of their device. The industry standards are easy Chromecast and the Roku Stick: <url>#project_faq_108059 Is it just me or do others find it odd that a power adapter is required (usb or wall wart) and yet it is missing from the video and all the images of the device. Showing the Matchstick on a keychain makes it look like you only need the device itself. I think it should be made clear that there will be a wire hanging out of it to make it work. I still love the concept, but it seems like something is being hidden here. @Jorge Interesting catch. Though from the details, I think the bug relates more to the Flame reference platform which uses a different CPU — Qualcomm MSM8210 (aka Snapdragon 200) vs Rockchip RK3066 — and it may or may not be using the same WiFi module. 'adhoc' related, from mozilla bugzilla: <url>"ad hoc" mode. Lack of that one feature makes Chromecast useless for travel and would put Matchstick in a class alone. That is, unless I am missing something. Let's hope for a late surge...! @Nick As I understand it the "Local Content" stretch goal will allow your Matchstick to access SMB, NAS, and NFS shared drives on your local network and play compatible content. No XBMC involved. So you could imagine it as XBMC and Matchstick sharing the same pool of content on local drives. But an XBMC plugin (like the TED plugin) wouldn't be able to play on a stock matchstick without XBMC adding support for flinging. Running XBMC/Plex/whatever locally on your Matchstick allows Matchstick to be your HTPC without the need to run it elsewhere on your network as well. As for myself, I currently run XMBC on a mac mini attached to my TV. I use Amazon Video and Netflix for TV type content, and then have DVDs on a share. With local content I am hoping to bypass the need for XBMC entirely and just use the Matchstick to run those apps, and access my share. We will know how feasible such a solution will be next month as the developers start to report back @NickLeffler, If the stretch goal of 500k is reached and the "fling" capability is enacted, the SMB capability of XBMC on the same wifi network will be able to be used to project XBMC content to the Matchstick, without the requirement to install XBMC on the Matchstick itself. (That's my understanding anyway - I stand to be corrected) @Nick XBMC already runs on other RK3066 based devices, so it should be able to run on the Matchstick as well without a problem. Matchstick as stated that they are looking into support Plex, so who knows, maybe XBMC will be as well. No matter what you will probably be able to get it to run on the Matchstick, on way or another Any thoughts or possibilitis of getting XBMC on this?? At this moment this kickstarter is just $99,556 short of its $500K stretch goal. It needs to average $14,222.29 per day between now and the 30th. So putting all differences aside, please continue to get the word out about Matchstick to help get Ad Hoc and Local Content added to this potentially great product... @Don, I think my point was that if you live in/near the bay area and you are brining a car, then yes there are reasons to like venues outside San Francisco. However if you are coming in from other parts of the county, then the need to rent a car and drive to somewhere down the bay is a negative. Were I to summarize what I think is the divide: if you live within driving distance of San Francisco then you are more likely to prefer outside the city. If you live in flying distance, then San Francisco is more likely to be preferable. Every venue has it's pros and cons. There is no objectively best place. Please switch to the better chip with at least bt 4.0 and if possible, the better WiFi (ac,5ghz) Well, Jock, if you spent all those years in S.F. I sure get where you are coming from. As someone, however, who lives in Santa Cruz and gets stricture of the throat at the thought of dealing with city infrastructures in an automobile and of the colon with the thought of public transit I hope you get where I'm coming from. :-) I've no problem with us agreeing to disagree about this for all the obvious reasons. @Srivas +1 @Jock got it.. I think i was pretty clear in what i meant in my 2nd comment which you may have missed out in sync delays. I am not arguing that you should/ shouldn't reply to others given your knowledge..all i am saying is there is no necessity to justify matchstick's action at each step ( and by this i mean even if you agree that matchstick isn't doing their best in communication with backers i feel its best to leave ranting comments unanswered unless you want comments like the ones from @Justin) @Srivas Just a bit of context: I began replying here because @creator stopped a couple of days in. As they recently said, they are listening, but they aren't replying publicly. So I — as someone who has a background in launching products, writing software, and developing hardware — took the time to read the apis, docs, and schematics to answer the questions the community wasn't getting from @creator. If I, or others in the community, didn't answer, @creator isn't going to. @Jock and no need to reply to my previous post.. let's end the matter here. What i wanted to say was if there is some technical question which you think you are capable of answering please do, but don't try to justify the matchstick team (or provide an argument in their favour) at each step. Just leave @creator resolve such things and win back the confidence of the backers. That would definitely ensure a more confident backers community that what is currently happening. @Jock @Justin I don't think any of you used any insulting language per se. But @Jock i gotta agree with @Justin here, sometimes its better to leave some comments unanswered/ let it be answered by matchstick team. All i am saying is looking back at the comments it does look like you have replied to each and every comment whether needed or not (hence justifying what @Justin is saying). All i am saying is it would be totally different had you been appointed as a spokesperson by matchstick but you are not. Again i am not saying that you have misled anyone upto now but it gives matchstick an advantage in the sense that they can simply come back later and say you are not appointed by them and hence your word is not final. OFC i understand that you are doing this on behalf of the community but all i am saying is sometimes its better to leave some answers for @creator simply because in your enthusiasm (note: as of now i do think its enthusiasm but sometimes continuous replies tend to get people to think of you as someone who always wants to have the last word) to answer questions you "may" end conveying something wrong or getting people frustrated that @creator is not responding (i understand the point that they may be busy and its perfectly ok to leave some questions unanswered immediately) @Jock - I didn't use any insulting "language". Get over yourself. All in all I can tell you're one of "those people" that need to have the last say in everything. So knock yourself out pal, be who you are. @Justin you can disagree with me all you want. That is 100% your right, and I will defend that till your dying day. All I, and Kickstarter, ask is that you do it with respect, and without insulting language. I started answering questions because no one else was. I don't believe I have misled or stated something that wasn't true. However if the consensus of people here is that the don't want to hear from me, then I will respect that. If you, or anyone else, wants to take it up with me privately, then my email address is <email>. But let us keep the tone here without malice or insulting language. You want to talk about things that are uncalled for? How about all the BS you've started with people here? I stopped coming back here frequently because of you and your walls and walls of nonsense text. So the same goes for you pal, pay attention to the RESPECT message. "If the truth hurts, change" @justin Clearly we aren't going to convince each other, and that is fine. Nor is there a single definitive view on the city. However I don't think that particular language was called for. Again, pay attention to what it says below this text box... @Jock - I have family that lives inside and outside of SF. I live in SoCal and I visit 6 times a year. I understand you have a bit of diarrhea of the mouth when it comes to the comment section here and you feel the need to reply to every single comment whether you are right or wrong but you lose this one. I'm not trying to change the venue but SF sucks when it comes to conventions/visiting. @Justin I lived in San Francisco from the day I was born till I was 27. Since then I have been back every single year at least once. If you are coming from out of the Bay Area, San Francisco (or maybe Oakland) is a better choice. There isn't one right place, every place has upsides and downsides. I mean I would argue for Portland, but I don't think that is going to happen. What I will say is that If the meeting is in less than a month, then I think the venue is pretty well fixed at this point. @Jock - No, it's not. SF is riddled with massive costs when it comes to getting into it as well as parking. There are tons of surrounding areas that are much more convenient. @Don From the location I believe that may be one of Mozilla's offices; I am not 100% sure. I don't disagree with you about parking, though it is good for mass transit. I wish I were able to make it down for that; but it isn't looking good; but as someone coming in from out of the Bay Area, San Francisco is much more convenient. Guys, San Francisco is hardly an optimum place for a gathering. Down the peninsula in San Mateo or Santa Clara county where there is public parking would make it a whole lot more accessible. Just for the record here is what I think is generally the most useful forum design for such a thing as this (if such an installable kit exists.) 1. Multi-level topic structure with an easy but moderated way of adding topics anywhere in the tree. Where appropriate the moderator should be inclined to recommend a new thread within an existing topic instead of a new topic. 2. At each leaf in the topic tree a list of threads with a multi-level, indented and collapsible reply structure within each thread. Discussion encouraged. @Don Good Question, and I hope the answer is that it will be on Matchstick.tv But at the very least there is their github (<url>— There are as many strategies as there are kickstarters.. Some projects are engage more, some don't. And considering they will hit 4x their goal in the next couple of days they, it is hard to argue they don't have a successful strategy. Now if they had spread out their media appearances better, if they were doing more to promote their product, and if they were more active here in the forums then they would probably be closer to twice where they already are. But again, what mission critical questions aren't answered? What is left that you need to know? @Jock there is no such strategy that "i wrote everything you need, go and read them". that's not the kickstarters way. @Necdet Take a look at how often they post on facebook, is pretty paltry. Nor are they engaging with their audience. They are just doing promotion. If they were answering real questions, or the like then maybe you would have a case. I don't disagree with you about them needing to engage more, but for whatever reason they haven't. Besides what mission critical questions are left unanswered? What can't wait a month until the developers start sharing what they know? In the mean time, we can all pitch in and help where we can. @Jock they have time to share something on facebook but no time to write here. it's not the right strategy imho. @jon you are, of course, correct. OTG to Host cables are easy to find on amazon, as well as other places as well. My personal bet is that Matchstick isn't shipping with the drivers to allow allow this; otherwise the team wouldn't be emphasizing the "secret" USB for expandability. But assuming the schematics stay as there are, there is should be no reason we in the community can't add this. The OTG connector can work as both USB host and USB device if the proper OTG driver software is available in the kernel. But.... you will need to make a special cable to use it as a USB host. That cable will need need to split into two connectors - one a female USB socket, the other a power connector for +5V. You can't use normal OTG cables since this is the only power connection port. That's why these sticks normally have separate power jacks - so that they don't need a funky cable. This cable is not hard to make, just cut up some USB cables and wire them into the right configuration. @Chris Holt >@Dude, you're right. I saw the suspended email last week and couldn't >follow up till yesterday, but I did read it as the wrong project. >It is Anonobox. No problem. I've, like _many others_ :-), have also posted comments to the wrong project. Imho, it's very common for any big project. :-) I was also going to back the Anonobox. But, it was at the same time that all of lies started to be known (like how he did a "custom enclosure" - he even stated that explicitly in an interview). Plus, if Tor changed its protocol, like it has done a number of times in the past, then the box would be garbage unless it got an update. @Andrew From a hardware standpoint — as I read the schematics —the Matchstick is more or less the same as most of the RK3066 Android sticks out there (especially the MK808B devices). So from that standpoint it should run XBMC as well as one of those devices. What differentiates Matchstick is really its software stack... @Andrew don't forget the hidden USB host connector in the case. Solder on a USB female cable and you should be able to attach any USB mass storage device you like @Necdet I think the reason they aren't writing that here (as much as I think they should) is because they are busy. From everything I can see at the moment Matchstick consists of no more than 5 guys, launching a hardware product to compete against the biggest company in the market. If they aren't working 70 hour weeks at the moment, I will be very shocked. I know I was when I worked on products of similar scale in the past. I haven't seen the team's Bona Fides, but I will bet you dollars to donuts there isn't a PR, Sales, Marketing, Support Lead, or Community Manager in the bunch. I have every confidence they will before they launch (hint hint) but right now they are (I believe) 5 engineers running around putting out fires. And to be honest, I suspect that because I stepped up and started answering questions, they feel that they don't need to be as engaged. I think they are wrong, but I am happy to help. Just for the record, according to the schematics the Matchstick board state it is compatible with the AP6181 (which is what on the board now), the AP6210 (WIFI+BT4.0), the AP6330 (WiFi 2.4G and 5G+BT4.0+FM), and the AP6493 (WiFi+BT4.0+FM+NFC). There are three test points (T27, T30, T31) for NFC/FM antennas. @jon if you take a look at the schematics on the website, you will see the USB power connector seems to be for both power and USB Device/OTG. It is the USB Host that is hidden. Sadly the USB Host connector just 4 though holes and doesn't match any USB connector I am familiar with — since there are no anchor holes on either side, to ease strain. So people like ourselves are probably going to be better off soldering on a USB female cable. Changing plastics now is going to cost them a minimum of $10K. and precious time. I don't think we can expect any hardware changes at this point for the V1 device. Since this has a micro USB power connector, route the USB data signals over to. You can sell a special cable that would break out to two plugs - power and USB. This gets you out of the need to solder on that other USB jack and change the plastic. @Dude, you're right. I saw the suspended email last week and couldn't follow up till yesterday, but I did read it as the wrong project. It is Anonobox. As for modules, I'd recommend switching to AP6210 to pick up BT4.0. You need some way to hook up input devices to this stick if you ever want to so anything besides stream to it. @thomas - the Ampak modules are all pin compatible. They can solder on any one they chose to. Right now they are soldering on the cheapest one. For a little more money you can add 5Ghz, 11ac, Bluetooth, FM radio, GPS and NFC. Can't wait to see how this device will perform, and how far its open @Jock i said if they can reply to you, why can't write here? +1 for XBMC,i use it on my ATV2 but would love to be able to use it on a separate TV with no cable connection. I just looked up the chip in this device and it says it's able to run xbmc lets hope that the 4gb flash with this will be enough to allow this! I wonder if this device will make a good xbmc device that would make this totally worth buying if it could run xbmc and most of the add-ons @thomas Well the ap6330 is the "holy grail", they could use a different module and provide BT as well as wifi just by changing the module. But even a $0.50 change in the BOM is a big deal on a project with a price point this low. What we need to do as users is prove Matchstick wrong about bluetooth. We need to mod our matchsticks when we get them, put BT dongles on them, and show the potential. This way, if/when they sit down to do the Matchstick v2.0 they will see bluetooth as a required feature... @Jon, it's a shame that doing something like that would require more than just changing the module. Or at least I assume it's more involved than that. I'd personally be willing to pay extra for bluetooth to be included. Even if it cost a couple dollars more. Obviously, it's probably not realistic for them to do that now, but I'd be more than happy to pay if it meant I could connect a bluetooth keyboard. @James, I knew your name was familiar. I just went back to the dawn of time and looked up your early comments. I am doubly honored. Thank you! @James Thank you very much! @Jock respect and +1 to all the questions you been helping to answers! I will also ping them and they should hire you :-) @jon I was just using the ap6330 as an example because there has been a healthy clamor for 5Ghz as well — and thus killing two birds with one stone. @jock they are not going to put on an ap6330 at this price level. The 5Ghz module costs around $8. It is about a $0.50 increment to use the module with BT+2.4Ghz support. @Necdet I wrote them to criticize them about this a bit ago, and their reply was that they are exceptionally busy trying to get Matchstick out the door. I am sure they will be quick to correct me if I ever get anything majorly wrong though ;) The truth is they have answered our questions that pertain to primary use of the product as they see it — as a media streaming device and alternative to the Chromecast. And I see their point. Everything else will be covered in the fullness of time and we will know more as the dev units go out next month. I would love it if they picked up the ball and interacted more in the comments, but I also know from personal experience just how hard and time consuming it is to launch a product. The list of things they have to get done between now and Feb 2015 long and scary. So if it takes time away from them making their goal, then I would prefer they focus on shipping and we in the community can focus on answering the questions we do know @Creator why don't you write here since 2 weeks? I'm a suppporter of the firefox OS project, i'm glad to see other projects based on this OS. Kiss from France and good luck !!! :D @Dude, thanks for that! I think that Chris put his comment in the wrong project, and meant to comment on the anonabox tor router project, that he's also a supporter of: <url>— In car entertainment, Home automation, etc. I got excited about the Matchstick because it will be the first taste of FirefoxOS that normal people in the west will experience. It's toehold if you will... @Jock, I agree, done.Don't get me wrong I really love Firefox OS and wish it to become mainstream. It is by far a much more elegant and beautiful approach. I just thought about something that could automate turning on off of the host tv or projector. With a geofence or proximity BLE task Matchstick could send over wifi a command to a IR hub and give the on or off comands. It could also send commands to other IR/RF controlled devices. There is also a Broadlink SDK. @Sorin it is possible for two people with the same facts to see things differently. I don't see Firefox OS as Android minus, I see Mozilla doing what engineers always do: borrowing or "stealing" (good authors borrow, great authors steal as the quote goes). See Firefox contains nothing of what I (or the developers I know) makes Android Android. I do see them taking very low level parts of Android and using them to make their life easier. The parts of FFOS that you call Android, I see as a part of the the linux layer. For example, OSX integrated DTrace from Solaris, but that doesn't make OSX into Solaris. So let us just leave our differences where they lay. None of it ultimately matters to Matchstick @Jock. Thx for the comments o the list. I can't hardly wait to put my hands on one. Regarding tasks integration and scheduler I was thinking of geo-fencing to start stop content. Maybe geo-trailing, so that when I come home, matchstick could show me my latest tracks. Also, tasks through Android Wear, maybe over a shake of the hand to control basic on off play pause functions. @Jock, Oau, respect, impressive lineup. So what's the point of our contradictions then? Anyways, I don't want to be a troll and apologies to all if I trolled without realising it. @Sorin That's a good list! Let us take it one by one. 1. Ad-Hoc/ Peer to Peer fling without a middle man, e.g. router/hots-pot Well that will be supported as part of the stretch goals (less than $110K to go!), have you been getting the word out? 2. Local Fling, no internet connection required. See #2 3. BLE/Bluetooth Low Energy support Well there is that USB Host header in the case. It shouldn't be hard to get that going. 4. Multiple BLE device paring I am going to presume you mean multiple 1:1 pairings (and not a 1:many paring), in which case you should be fine. Having worked with BT chips from Broadcom, CSR, Nordic, and TI I have yet to see a chip that doesn't support this. 5. USB OTG support, Mass storage devices should be recognized as such and be browseable through already existing FirefoxOS Folder browser apps out there Well I can give you some good news in that regard. According to the schematics, the "power" usb is a USB Device/USB OTG header, and wired to the USB controller on the RK3066 appropriately. We will have to see how the software deals with it, but it should mean it could be added by the community 6. tasks integration and scheduler. Should be addable by the community after launch at the very least. I am curious what are you planning to automate? 7. Access matchstick even when I am not home, through a web site, and browse content on the device. Should be addable by the community after launch at the very least. 8. Access to the normal FirefoxOS Gaia interface, to run the Firefox OS apps or maybe host a home server. Since none of us have used one to date, we can't say for sure about this. But I will point out that Matchstick apps are FirefoxOS apps, and it sure sounds like they run on the Matchstick itself @Sorin I am a Software Engineer with about 28 years of experience. I have developed on things has small as a Sinclair ZX80, all the way up to software that ran on a Cray. Over the last 4-5 years I got back into hardware design, either creating concept designs, or bringing them to market for my clients. This includes a Kickstarter — the Foobler where I am doing the hardware, firmware and apps of the bluetooth version. But i have also done concepts or one offs for a RK3066 device, and a separate device that would run Firefox OS Yes the facts are out there, and the facts are different from what you are saying so you have to admit you were wrong. I might have been also wrong, and am not ashamed to admit if I was and was proven that I was wrong.Being wrong is good, because we learn more. And with this I suggest we conclude the irrelevant chit chat and get back to business.People, What would your wishlist look like? Lets strt a spreadsheet with bullet points. Yes, it has become a personal attack because you do not seems to see some facts, and mislead some of the people here.Who made you an authority on these matters? @Sorin, was that called for. I disagree with you, it isn't a personal attack and I don't appreciate it turning into one. Please remember what is says underneath this textbox "Be respectful and considerate". If I ever wasn't' then I apologize right here, and right now. However as I say, the facts are all out there, other people can make up their own minds @Jock, What is your profession if I may ask? I for one do Android Development for a living for 3 years now. I do not brag I am just saying it because I read tones of articles, source code and tutorials and think that am better qualified to prove some points. @Jock People like you, always bring metaphors or other examples that clearly are not technically or backed by some proven facts. It is clear now that you get irritated when you are wrong and are proven that you are so. Instead of reading the docs, Read the Fucking Manual you start making stupid metaphors about some irrelevant examples. @Sorin, the facts are out there on Headless and Android vs Firefox OS. I choose not to debate you further. It really has nothing to do with supporting the Matchstick community But better yet, check out the talk from one of the major key creators and evangelists of FirefoxOS. There is no better person than him to explain how it works. <url>"head" it is your TV/Monitor, and it is perfectly capable of displaying Firefox OS UI and does @Jock, Of course it started with Android how else would you explain the Android Debugging Bridge Utility????? And I quote: "The process uses the Android Debug Bridge (ADB) to handle the device-computer connection and communication. There are two options for running ADB:" See this link: <url>"kernel derived from Android" is the Linux kernel and HAL (hardware abstraction layer) to ease porting, but that is not the same thing has saying it is Android. @Jock, Headless means it doesn't have a readily available interface, just like a headless Browser, say Phantom.JS <url>"Firefox OS (formerly Boot to Gecko) uses a kernel derived from Android, with a Gecko-based user interface on top of it. This article provides a basic guide to how to go about porting the operating system to new devices." Check these link for clearence: <url>— a linux layer to provide base services, and then the browser/higher level OS on top. It did not start with Android. It does run on some android phones, but by replacing the while android level Anyone interested in learning more should start here: <url>"othercast" and and chromecast support. I am trying to find it. I have no problem with anyone pointing out where I get something wrong, this isn't a competition. We are all just trying to help out. @Jock, I totally agree with you Bluetooth should be a must, better yet BLE, because I would really love to connect my Ring and other wearables and control content or have my vitals monitored and displayed in realtime. Could be awesome for home cared patients as well, replacing allot of expensive hardware. However, I do have to say that the Matchstick is a headless device. You have to give it an Interface to work with. It doesn't have a screen or controls out of the box, so no interface. @Alexander, I use Chromecast with a Projekcor, have it over HDMI connected and cast my Android device screen. Of course it can be used as a Projector, that's what it's all about. It flings/casts and mirrors content onto a Matchstick and then onto the connected HDMI device, be it a PC monitor a TV or a Projector. @Jock Not trying to just "be right" but the title of the article you linked says "from Android" in reference to the chromecast feature and in the body the feature is clearly only Android. I've been following the development for a while (talking some with the main dev). Firefox on Android is utilizing Android specific drivers/code that's not a part of the browser (or open source). It's just calling that code from the browser. Unless, Google opens the protocol (or perhaps makes available desktop OS drivers) there isn't much of a chance that desktop Firefox (or OS) will be gaining said super power. For those interested in the current source Matchstick is sharing, please go to <url>"Users can compile the firmware/software from source codes and build your own version of the Matchstick software. We already put the Firefox OS based source codes in GitHub and provided the flash tool and firmware build guide document on matchstick.tv website for your reference. Matchstick will be open source - you’ll be able to get the source code, build how-to, and flash tool at matchstick.tv when they are ready." If the complete build environment for that firmware image was up on github it wouldn't be too hard to get it running on the Marsboard. Probably just need to select in a few different device drivers since wifi/etc use different chips. Getting it running on Marsboard would allow developers to start immediately. <url>#!/vpu). I haven't read the datasheet in a while but I don't recall encoding being built in. Open source mali is out of your, mine, and Matchstick's hands. ;) I haven't looked at the kernel config, to tell you which it is, but for a device like this, I tend to prefer one optimized for the hardware. Are there any non-Matchstick RK3066 developer boards with the Ampak module? Cubietruck has it but it is A20. I know about Marsboard, anything else? How open source is this? Will we get: 1) open source h.264/etc hardware decode? 2) open source h.264/etc hardware encode? 3) a miracle occurs and open source Mali? 4) Mainline kernel? I should say that article specifically mentions the Android Version of Firefox supporting Chromecast. I am trying to find an older article that talks about FF working on more generic support for Chromecast and what was then called Othercast (I think that was the term used) — which turns out to be the Matchstick @Caspy7 Firefox 33 (which came out a couple of days ago) added support for the Chromecast: <url>"Android Stick", and did your miracast work on that; then your work should port fairly cleanly. The Tianle TL869 can be found on Amazon for ~$20, and is based on the RK3066 IIRC I already checked that out, but I do not have an existing app to port, and that seems to be how the application is set up. I'd be much more interested in the low-level code it would take to get Miracast possible. The ability to turn a TV into a wifi-enabled sharable projector is really exciting concept for me. @Alexander We know that Firefox will support casting tabs to Matchstick (as well as Chromecast IIRC). In the gigaom story (linked to on the main page) they discuss some compatibility with chromecast. But even if it isn't natively supported by Chrome, based on my understanding of the system, it should be easy to write a plugin for Chrome to allow it. I get understandably nervous about answers like that once, because while I have read all the developer docs, and studied the available source, it is still theoretical until I get my hands on the dev unit next month. The developer units went FAST. I happened to learn about the kickstarter about 40 minutes after it launched (IIRC), and 40 had been pledged at that point (I think I was #43, but I can't be sure). An hour after that all the dev units were gone. That being said have you applied for a developer unit on Matchstick.tv? <url>"stone soup" solution; and while I don't have the same need for Ad Hoc support as others. I want to see it happen. As we know the way to make this happen is for Matchstick to hit it's $500K target. From my own experience from watching kickstarters, as well as participating in them, there is no reason why this can't happen. Matchstick has to do their part, continuing the publicize their product, reminding people they exist, and pointing back to the Kickstarter. We, as the community, also have to do out part. We are in a position to get the word out, and get the stretch goals to happen. As I write this the kickstarter is at the better part of $387K, with 10 days to go. Let's break down the numbers a bit: $500K - $387K is 113K. Considering only the $18 pledge level, that is 6,278 pledges before the 30th. Broken out over the remaining time that is 628 pledges per day. Considering that there are 14,800+ backers right now, if 42.5% of us upped out pledge by $18 *or got someone else to pledge the same* we would hit out goal. So if you are on the fence about getting another one, then please consider it. If you haven't told your friends and family about the Matchstick, then tell them now. If you haven't posted about it on Facebook or Twitter (maybe using the hashtag #Matchstick), then... well you get the point. The point of Kickstarter is that we, the community, get to have a say in what we want. We get to influence the products made. However, since it is a community, we can't just sit here and wish someone else would do it. We should have a say here to, and we can. So lets do it, let us show Matchstick how important those features are to us. Let us get to $500K! Disclaimer: I do not work for Matchstick, nor do any of my friends or family. I am not being paid by Matchstick, though they have said they are going to send me some goodies because of the work I have done here answering questions. I happen to believe in the potential of the Matchstick, and decided to step up. @Cristian WiFi Direct isn't quite the same thing as Ad Hoc. You can think of WiFi Direct as ad hoc with lower friction pairing. Miracast is then a protocol that runs on top of WiFi Direct devices. So just supporting Ad Hoc doesn't mean you get the other bits. Matchstick would have to support the Miracast standard, which I don't believe they do (and I would love to be proved wrong) in order for the scenario you describe to work. That being said a third party could write software for the Matchstick to add miracast support. OR as I pointed out in a early comment, it should be possible to run Guacamole (an HTML5 RemoteDesktop/VNC client) on the Matchstick. Then you could share your screen that way. A display driver that broadcast directly to the Matchstick would be more efficient though. @Alexander I think you could even hack Matchstick to be like a Miracast device, right Jock? I mean ... if it can handle Ad-hoc it means it can handle wi-fi direct => miracast. @Alexander As I understand it, no. Now that would not prevent someone from creating a display driver that made the Matchstick appear as a monitor. That is certainly within the realm of possibility. Can matchstick appear to your computer as a projector? That'd pretty much cover every use case I'd have for it ever, say streaming a video game I'm playing that can't be Flung. Just an add on to what I just said. Right now putting the extra Matchstick bits on a FirefoxOS device would require the device be of a very similar architecture, since you would be working with the binary images. This wouldn't be a trivial process, I was just trying to explain what makes Matchstick different. @Roni Not quite. FirefoxOS is a OS designed for mobile devices (in the same way iOS and Android are). The handful of FirefoxOS devices out there are phones. What Matchstick did was to take the stock FirefoxOS image and then customize it with additional software to allow remote control and flinging. However it should be possible to put the additional software that Matchstick developed onto a FirefoxOS device and turn it into something that is essentially a Matchstick. But to be clear that would mean you would be able to fling content from a iOS or Android device onto the screen of the modified FirefoxOS device. Does any device running Firefox OS can be a matchstick? @Roland I personally think gaming is going to be a popular use for Matchstick. Existing iOS and Android games will have to be updated to support flinging of course. Games in the Mozilla Marketplace should be fine now, as I understand the process. As for framerate, my personal suspicion is that it should be in the 30-60FPS range, and the hardware should be able to keep up with that frame rate. Disclaimer: this is based on my personal experience with a RK3066 project I worked on, not the Matchstick itself. The bigger concern is lag. Obviously this won't be a problem in turn based games or in slow playing games. As for twitch gameplay we will just have to see, with luck lag will be just a couple of frames, which should be fine. It won't be until the developer units go out next month that we can be sure. What kind of gaming experience can be expected from the Matchstick? Could I fling any game running on my pc to it? also what kind of frame rates can be expected at 1080p? @Thomas Well put. I think the important thing to remember is that there is an subtle seeming but vital difference between the Chromecast and the Matchstick. While Chromecast is running Linux it is much more of an appliance. People are doing great work hacking the device, but it is really intended to do just one job. The Matchstick also uses Linux as its "baseband os" — if you will — but on top of there is FirefoxOS. It has a much more general purpose mobile OS on it;along with twice the RAM, and twice the storage. In addition to its mission of flinging content left and right, it also can run 2rd party apps on the device itself. It is that latter factor that opens up all kinds of possibilities. Once developers start getting the early access units, we can start to see what we can do. I think everyone is going to be surprised just how far we can push the little stick. @Sorin, I really don't understand what you're getting at. My Roku can "connect to local content" as well, but it requires specialty apps on both the Roku and my computer. It works OK, but it's far more work than should be necessary if they had this functionality. @Sorin Matchstick isn't headless it is connected to your TV/Monitor. It is controllerless, in the sense that your phone, tablet, browser, etc is the controller. But it is running FirefoxOS and it should be able to run any app in the Mozilla Marketplace (the app store for FirefoxOS devices). This is why I have been advocating for adding bluetooth to the Matchstick. That way you could pair a keyboard and mouse (or bluetooth game controller) and control the matchstick directly. Because the whole system is hackable, and there is a header for a USB host port inside the case this is still theoretically possible. Solder on a USB cable, attach a keyboard and mouse directly (or a bluetooth dongle), etc. Some tweaking of the OS image may be involved but it is possible. In addition to writing apps, this is one of the things I plan on exploring with the Matchstick. Ok, I understand, to connect to Matchstick directly with a device, without the need of a hot spot/router.Looking forward to that feature. @Jock, how can you provide local content to your Matchstick unless you have an app. Matchstick is headless so all content management and rendering is done through apps. I do bealive am part of the community as well hence I purchased 2 devices and am really excited about the project. I just wanted to clear out some misunderstood concepts that maybe some community members confuse with something else. It basically makes all your android device into peer to peer streaming devices. You can stream content to each others device. In the end the behavieur is software conditioned and not hardware ordained. The work is done in the streaming, TCP layers. And the usage is up to the developers. As a very cool example check this awesome project: <url>"hid" those goals from the public. Let's be real, the project has done amazingly well. It is very rare to see any project reach 400% of the goal. In almost all cases kickstarter projects lose momentum after the first week or so and pledges slow down significantly. Keeping that in mind, it feels like the project creators know full well that the stretch goal won't be reached. This is a shame because most will agree that those 2 features could have been part of the basic package. Don't get me wrong, I'm still very happy to back this project but without those features it pretty much is a cheaper chromecast. If you think 'Local Play' & 'AdHoc Mode' is a good idea of a Stretch Goal, then i need to remove my backing on this project! These should be automatically part of this device and to make it a Stretch Goal if it reaches 500K, ARE YOU KIDDING? @roland As the SDK sits today no. It would be very cool. It would, theoretically be possible for an app using the Matchstick SDK to fling multiple times to multiple Matchsticks. But flinging is a 1 to 1 operation. Is it possible to send the same signal to multiple matchstick units? Or, if I had multiple screens (say 3) could I stretch the sent signal across the 3 screens using 3 matchsticks? @george I believe the answer (for now) is No, but Yes... or perhaps Yes, but No. I shall Explain: First the No part: The Flinging APIs right now are for iOS and Android. Web pages can be flung to the Matchstick using Firefox. Depending if I am reading the SDK correctly, flinging from Chrome may also work, but please don't quote me on that ;) And then the But Yes part: Because you can view web pages on Matchstick (because it is running FirefoxOS) you should be able to run Guacamole (<url>"Ask a Question" button on the main page than here in the comments. At least that has been my own experience. Your milage may vary... @Bryan Every question in that FAQ came about because people asked. The response about Netflix support I posted here came because I asked them directly. They are listening. They may not be responding as often as one might like, but if they are like the average kickstarter (including the one I participated in) they are inundated with things to do, and not nearly enough time in the day to do them. Adding Ad Hock and Local Playback is a fair bit of work to get done between now and February of next year. I would like it if they responded more often, but they are listening and they are responding. @Thomas It can be a bit more complicated than that. The USB header on the board doesn't match most conventional USB headers, nor is there a lot of space behind the header. So it might require a change to the PCB. No matter what it would require new tooling on the case and that is an expensive one time cost (as I know from painful personal experience). So it isn't just a matter of lowering the BOM cost. Be it $400K or $600K for that matter, I do think it should be a stretch goal that they offer. Since they made the update private....people coming here and still deciding on whether or not they want to back to should know that new stretch goals have been added to allow the ability for LOCAL PLAY as well as ADHOC MODE! @Jock, IMHO, that ought to be the $400k stretch goal as the number of units that are being ordered should lower the production cost per unit sufficiently for that to be added. I'm not sure how much that would cost, but it can't be very much per unit. I'd rather not have Windows Phone support because I'd like MS to die in a fire, but I wouldn't complain if they chose to add support. Whether or not they bother with such a tiny market share is a different question. I wouldn't expect them to add support until after the rest of the stuff was finished. @Savira to be clear the Matchstick has a fully functioning USB header, it just needs to be soldered in and a modified case. So it may very well be possible as a stretch goal. @Virte I'm with you. Windows Phone support would make my day. That should be the 400k stretch goal. It seems that many are favorable for a usb port, please make this happen, or a 400k stretch goal perhaps? Jock I know about the FAQ section but it is like they are not intrested in what their backers think or that now that they have 14,439 backers that they dont need to answer questions. I cant see why they won't add the usb connection during build as it would only cost pennies. @Bryan I personally think Matchstick is being a bit too quiet, which is why I try and answer any question I think I can; but I will point out they have updated the FAQ on the main page without mentioning it here or in an update. The big questions — 5GHz, Bluetooth, SMB, DNLA, etc — are answered there... I have backed a few projects on kickstarter up to now and all of them were very responsive to any questions about there product. I dont understand why there is response from Matchstick team on any of the questions and also demo video on what the matchstick can do as not everyone are experts or understands the lingo that is used. To me I am getting suspicious about the whole project. +1 for Windows Phone support if possible, I know I am not part of a large market share but Windows Phone use is growing around the world even if it is not as big as iOS or Android in the US. If not I understand but I at least wanted to let you know that yes there are at least a few of us that would like to see Windows Phone support. @George That is a complicated question, and I am not sure if there is a simple answer. See for some it is better because it is an alternative to Google's solution. Monocultures aren't necessarily good things, so having competition will push Google to make Chromecast better as well as pushing things like Matchstick to compete. For some it will be because Matchstick is running Firefox OS. So in that regard it is a little more like Google's new Nexus Player in that not only does it support moving content from your browser/device to your TV, but will allow you to run apps natively on Matchstick itself. For others is will be because Firefox OS doesn't impose some of the limitations that Google does. For example Google prevents the Chromecast SDK for adult content. Matchstick won't have that same limitation. For yet others it will be because Matchstick is Open. It is Open Source, Open Hardware, Hackable, and modifiable. There is a USB Host header on the Matchstick board, so you can expand its capabilities beyond what is simply in the box. Last, but far from least, it is cheaper. $18 vs ~$30. For some that is all the reason they may need. But without knowing your priorities, I don't know which (if any) of these matter to you. This is why I say the question is hard to answer. It may be that none of the things I mentioned matter to you, in which case Matchstick isn't better *for you*. I think for the 14K+ people who have backed Matchstick, one of the reasons I have mentioned probably applies ;) Can someone explain to me why this will be better than google Chromecast Otherwise, can't wait for it to arrive in February! Fingers crossed for you to ship sooner :D Does the setup app and the Matchstick support setting up a device password? I wouldn't like some neighbour accessing it through the wall and flinging some unwanted content or some other hacks. Also, +1 on the DLNA support (I'm using a NAS), +1 on the SMB support (same NAS access if DLNA is undoable), +1000 on the subtitles (in non-English countries, they are very important, even if we speak it very well), and +1 on supporting music apps (MixCloud is open 24hrs a day on my computer) or flinging music to it (again, DLNA/SMB?). The second USB port would be very useful for keyboards, WiFi dongles (for those that request 5 GHz), local storage (memory stick) or even card readers (any photo-app developer here?). If implementing Bluetooth (not requesting it), make sure it can be disabled, as it can easily be abused). @dbradical I think there are three very different answers for people who want XBMC, PLEX, ISO, etc support with Matchstick. The First is to let Matchstick be Matchstick. IE it is intended to be a device that competes with Chromecast, and runs Firefox OS. So in this case the answer would be to encourage XBMC, Plex, et al to support flinging. Possibly with a Firefox OS app to facilitate the process. This approach would also include something I have suggested elsewhere in the comments: a simple app that runs as a HTTP server, catalogs media on your various drives, shares, etc and generates simple HTML wrappers for them. So long as it is a supported media type it will work right away. And a very simple version of such an app is an afternoon's work. The second is to enhance Firefox OS and run recompiled a recompiled version of (say) XMBC and then write a Firefox OS front end. This approach would give you the most consistent UX but would mean completely rewriting the front end of the app. The third approach is to not run Firefox OS. Either dual boot into straight Linux, or completely eliminate Firefox OS entirely. At that point you can just run anything you might normally run on a ARM Linux system. Some recompiling may be required but this would be the simplest and easiest way. I personally suspect that Matchstick is going to leave things like XBMC and Plex to the community or to those projects themselves. However when it comes to things like SMB support (and *maybe* DNLA) there is an opportunity for those who signed up for the dev units to implement those features and get them folded back into the official OS image. There are roughly 500 — 250 via Kickstarter, and 250 though the Matchstick Dev Program — early access dev units going out next month. That is roughly 500 someones who can offer to pick up that torch. Anyone want to volunteer? +1 for Plex. I know the FAQ currently says no, but DLNA compatability and/or reading files from a network or computer share would be really useful, Ability to read ISO images would be even better, It seems every device I currently have falls short in one or more capability categories, so something to plug the network storage interface gap would be great. @JM I tend to agree that having the USB connector built into the release package would be a nice add on(kind of like a "streatch goal" thank you). While it would be easy enough to crack the case and solder on my own, having the case designed and molded for it would make the end result look much nicer, and it would be one less thing many of us would have to do to expand usability. Looking forward to playing with it non the less. Dave Just for the record the FAQ was updated yesterday to say that 4K video is not possible with the Matchstick. @Wouter My educated guess is yes, with some caveats. In general anything that runs on Mozilla should run on Matchstick. Especially if it is in the Mozilla Marketplace (I think that is what they call their store). Now here are the caveats: The Matchstick isn't as fast as your desktop. It is running a 1.6GHz dual core ARM chip, with a Mali-400 GPU. So while this is relatively respectable for an ARM system, it will not have the raw power of the average PC. On the other hand we know that Firefox (the browser) is supposed to support flinging web pages to Matchstick. So even if it isn't supported natively, it should still work. In this scenario the caveat is potentially lag, and we won't have any answers on that until we start getting ours. I hope that helps. Will the matchstick be able to run the games from the new Humble Mozilla Bundle? If so the project creators should embrace this opportunity to market their product! +1 for Plex out of the box. Pointing it at a web page would be great as well. Would mean that Matchstick can be used for cheap and easy digital signage instead of putting a whole mini PC behind every screen. @Ammon This is, of course, just my understanding of the system, but I don't see why not, so long as your receiver has a spare HDMI port of course ;). It is always possible that some future software could implement hardware connection protection, but nothing in the Matchstick it does to the best of my understanding. @Creator is this correct? Will I be able to connect Matchstick to my receiver (which currently has a Roku and a cable receiver connected to it)? @thomas @justin Again: "Be respectful and considerate". Everything that needs to be said on 4K has been said. Thomas, I'll be sure to tell my half a billion dollar company they're a bunch of sheep that bought into nonsense they never needed and I'll make sure I point them specifically here so they can benefit from your internet education. LOL, your a joke. @Jock I agree with you there. The only reason I said anything was that I'm rather tired of people making unsubstantiated assertions about 4k for video. There's enough people that buy technology they don't need without people spreading myths that pressure them to spend money that they don't need to spend for something that they really and truly don't need. @jian I can't speak for Matchstick, but — as someone who has had to become familiar with patent, trademark, and copyright law — let me take a stab at it: I suspect Netflix forbids using their trademark until the deal is actually done. At least when it comes to saying you have a native Netflix app. Different companies have different policies in this regard. Matchstick may have already negotiated agreements, are supporting them through an HTML interface, using open APIs, etc. I will suggest that @creator should put in a footer to acknowledge the various trademarks used in order to avoid getting nastygrams from the various companies involved. @justin Good lord I misspelled your name. I want to extend my sincerest apologies, that was in no way intentional. Mea culpa. @savira as for your first two Matchstick has partial subtitle support right now, because it supports HTML5's way of doing subtitles. That being said, I will join the chorus of people asking for native subtitle support. The matchstick does have a "real" usb port. You will have to open the case and to a little bit of simple soldering (or have someone do a bit of simple soldering) but it is there. We can hope (and advocate) that they populate it and change the plastics) @justine my novel? Some of my wishlist : - Subtitle support ( for the love of god that's a must! ) - A USB port ( would be handy for me since my TV doesn't have one ) - Out of the box Plex Support ( Plex is so awesome it's the only reason I bought my Chromecast and the main reason I'm backing this) - DLNA support ( could be useful ) - VPN support ( make life easier for travellers accessing their content ) If you would just add support for Windows Phone, the guys from wpcentral will write an article about this project and I bet a lot of people would be intereste to support it. You could add it at least as a stretch goal. Jock, cool story. I look forward to your next one. @justin I want to be clear. I am not taking or supporting one side or the other on the 4K issue. I have my own opinions which I state. I don't want to sound harsh or unwelcoming to you or @thomas. I just wanted to avoid what could have been come an out of control argument. Besides soon enough we will all have our Matchsticks and we can start playing and exploring. I for one can't wait! I agree. I challenge people to do a blind test as well so everyone can see how full of crap thomas is. Jock, in that case thanks for repeating my original statement. Great help. Any SWAG? Still haven't bagged any? @Jock, I agree, at this point, I see no reason to respond to Justin as he's pretty clearly demonstrated that he doesn't know what he's talking about. 4K displays for computing are awesome because you can have them larger without the dot pitch rendering things pixelated. But, for video they're a complete waste of money for folks that aren't engaged in editing movies for viewing on the big screen or Bluray. As far as the 4k thing goes, I challenge people to do a proper double blind test on this and see if they can actually tell the difference. The dotpitch just is not large enough for people to tell the difference unless they're sitting exceptionally close and have exceptional vision and even then, it's questionable if it's a real result and not completely in their heads. @Justin, That was my own opinion directed to the entire audience at large. My main point still stands. Jock, had you bothered to actually read my comments you would have seen this little gem: "However, with that said, this little device has no business doing anything with 4k." @ Creator ""....It is Netflix’s policy not to use their logo until the delivery is complete, hence we have temporarily removed references to Netflix on our page...." The project home page still has the references to several other content providers. Any clarification on the commitment from these providers will be appreciated. @justin @thomas — As a guy with no dog in this fight, might I suggest that the arguments are out there, and that there might not be a need to argue further on the matter. I have no power, nor authority here, but I do not relish the idea of reading more on this issue. Instead I might suggest that 4K is still relatively rare (depending of course on the market segment), and that a product that is aimed firmly at consumers in the existing market, the product shouldn't worry about 4K just yet. If we are lucky it might just be a matter of software and those who need it can get it in a point release (or even write it themselves if they are so inclined). I personally suspect the Matchstick can't 4K without overtaxing the system. No matter what I would suggest everyone take heed of what it says directly below the comment box: "Be respectful and considerate."because this conversation is teetering on that precipice LOL! Ok Thomas, I'm wrong. I'm surrounded by 4k sets yet I'm wrong. I really couldn't care less what ignorant websites you've read about the human eye and pixels. I actually use 4k sets and the difference between them and 1080 sets are HUGE! Besides, most of the BS you've read is in regard to MOTION VIDEO ONLY. Not everything is about movies. I never said I was streaming 4k movies. Read again. Here's something else for you to chew on. Right before HD came out people stated the human eye couldn't tell the difference between 480 and 720/1080. Clearly they were wrong as are all the new idiots claiming the same thing. After moving to 4k and 4k content we could never possibly go back to 1080. But you keep "reading" your websites. Good for you. I'll continue to actually use the sets and actually know what I'm talking about. @Justin, you're completely wrong. There's a ratio here and if you have too many pixels for the distance you're sitting from the monitor you're not going to tell the difference between individual pixels as your eyes won't be able to resolve finely enough to see them. It's going to relate a bit to your eyesight, but it's really tough telling the difference between 720p and 1080p on monitors of the type that people have. Also, there's no way that you're streaming a 4k image over a network. Movie theaters that use 4k video have their movies delivered on HDD because anything slower than that is going to cause buffering problems. I'd strongly recommend you do some actual research before you say anything else to make yourself look foolish. People say the similar things about ultra high bitrate audio and vinyl, but in neither case is there any measurable improvement to a person's experience. Vinyl is only possible to identify from a high quality master because of the degraded sound quality. @Romain I just can't see Matchstick porting Popcorn Time to Matchstick because of the legal and liability reasons. That said, PT is open source so implementing flinging should not be that hard. My advice is to start advocating to the XMBC and PopcornTime communities now, and give up any expectation the Matchstick will do it themselves. I just cannot see it happening anytime soon. Would it be cool? Sure, but if wishes were fishes.... Hey all, I contacted Matchstick about the whole Netflix thing, and their response was the following: "We are committed to deliver Netflix on Matchstick, and we are currently in partnership discussion with Netflix to port their app to Matchstick. It is Netflix’s policy not to use their logo until the delivery is complete, hence we have temporarily removed references to Netflix on our page." So let us stay optimistic this will happen. :) @R the API/SDK is available here: <url>— as I understand it — gets you one of their already made dev units so you get access to the hardware earlier. What do we get on the SDK pledge level? Does it mean the API/SDK is not open for now but will be in November? I may not have followed things properly and I'm confused... But I do hope everything is FOSS! :-) Bruce, you're as wrong a Thomas. Anyone can tell the difference between 720 and 1080. I think the problem there is you are assuming the only content someone uses is crappy motion video. There is also plenty of 4k media. Hell people can even create their own 4k media. 4k video cameras are now cheaper then 480i cameras from 10 years ago. Support XBMC, PopCorn Time in the future? 1080p streaming confirmed but now no Netflix? What's the deal with that. That's my main reason for this stick. For all other media I have my RPi's with OpenElec! Thomas is correct. Just as you can't tell the difference between 720 and 1080p on sets smaller than 40 inch, unless you have a 70 plus inch set, and sit very very close, you cannot take advantage of 4k. Besides, there ain't no 4k media out there. As useful as 3d. Thomas, spoken like someone who's never looked at one. We have many 4k monitors and TVs. They do NOT have to be large and you do NOT have to be standing or sitting close to them to be able to appreciate the increase in PPI. Also, you're wrong about movie theaters. Most movie theaters are 2k. Some just recently started 4k. However, with that said, this little device has no business doing anything with 4k. Don't waste money on 4k, there's probably at most a half dozen people here that have a TV that's large enough and that sit close enough to make it worthwhile. And that's ignoring the fact that you'd need monstrous compression to make that streamable. For those that aren't aware, 4k is what they use in movie theaters and for the original masters, it's not something that's at all useful without a huge screen where you're sitting right up next to it. In fact, the monitors themselves are still pretty unusual. Hi! I'm a proud user of open source technology. Please make this usable with most of smatphone (android, firefox OS...) I have a Plex media server. Plex would be awesome. Plan on giving matchsticks to my kids. Go MatchStick ,make your TV Smarter ! Just a backer, but we should be reasonable with technology limits. The only mirroring that should be there is the one where you open something on your phone/tablet/browser and makes the stick open the same thing, so you can turn it off on your main device, it's not about extending your monitor, neither it's about showing the same content from you phone/tablet/browser at the TV, as specified in the FAQ. I guess the confusion about it is in the part where it says "mirror or fling", well, read that just as "fling" then, and the FAQ has the answer about mirroring. I guess this stick is more for tech enthusiasts that want to try an easy way to use and create apps on TV (FxOS uses only HTML5 after all), if you think Android stuff will work on it, then you are looking at it wrongly. =/ another windows phone user :) @Dan Lets not be too quick to judgement. They say they are working other apps for launch, and who knows maybe Netflix will be part of that set, maybe it won't. Maybe netflix will implement flinging. Maybe we have to wait for EME support. We will have to see What I am personally more concerned about is the when I and others asked @creator didn't respond, but just silently pulled the language. Indeed the quantity and quality of @creator's responses has dropped quite a bit over the last couple of days. Right now here is what you should assume works: Apps in the Firefox Marketplace, Websites that work in firefox but don't require a plugin (this includes flash and silverlight). In the mean time let us see what @creator says officially. @creator is is time to answer this. Now. Looking at the "How It Works" section seems to indicate that mirroring a desktop browser to the Matchstick will be possible, but in the FAQs the "Mirroring?" item says "not supported". This is confusing. After thinking some, I hypothesized this really means mirroring content *from* the device is not viable. Is that right? If so, I think it would be good to clarify this in the FAQ entry. I had skimmed past the first mention and read the FAQ and thought "dang, no browser mirroring". @jock Murphy good catch. I really like the idea of this project. I hope that it isn't ruined by some sketchy "campaign promises" that bait and switch people. That would really ruin the goodwill of the community that they are obviously leaning heavily on. @Jock Murphy Thanks for noticing. It would be a bummer as it was my main reason to support. BTW folks, it is worth noting that the Kickstarter page pulled all reference to Netflix support. @David if you look at the picture of the Matchstick Developer Edition on the kickstarter page you can see that that version had a cover. So at the very least they have considered it. @Tommaso I think that is going to be up to third parties. Were I in Matchstick's place I wouldn't include an app that is of questionable legality in the US. It would be a huge liability. However if Matchstick is popular enough I am sure someone will try. @Creator Is there a stopper to protect de HDMI plug (usefull for travelers)? Please change your mind around mirroring... @Tommaso Boccali VERY good idea! I think subtitles support should be a basic feature on a device like this Also, I see you support the MPEG2 Containers but not MPEG2 codec. Any chance of getting MPEG2 codec support as a stretch? and less importantly VC-1. Maybe this could be done the way the raspberry Pi did it and sell and add on license, if need be. (MPEG2 is used for all OTA and most Cable TV broadcasts, those of us with Home Theater PC setups have large amounts of MPEG2 content) Yo! can i get some SWAG from you? I understand YOU till not be supporting Windows(phone). But is there anything stopping a member of the Windows(phone) community porting the client API? Will the protocols other (android, ios) client API source be released? from the "open" ness of the project I would assume this is possible but just want to confirm. A killer app would be Popcorn Time. Any chance to have that running? tom The best thing to improve for me would the wifi management: For all the other HDMI key i've tried, there is always the same problem, it can memorize only one wifi configuration, if you travel but always in the same place you have to configure again the key each time you move... Be able to memorize 3 or 5 different wifi would be a hudge difference fromm other product. Someone know what is predicted for the Matchstick ? Can it be improved by application ? @An0n Mozilla has said that their EME blob is coming to FirefoxOS, Of course you will have to wait for that port... Dieing for a 4k steaming device, how about that for your next device or upgrade if we hit a million? @Jock Murphy You are right, they could do that, but will they? The FAQ is vary vague on this. To elaborate more, I have no problem backing a product that can be DRM enabled by the end user opting in. I don't feel the same if (for example) the end user has to recompile the image (FAQ seems to indicate DRM can be baked in the OS) to get a DRM free product. Make it so all $12 above backers get a extra free matchstick if you hit $500,000. And do a demo on video of the product please. Can't wait to get tinkering with it =) @An0n they would do it the same way Firefox itself will do it: by including an optional user installable binary blob. If the blob is present then Firefox will support DRM if it isn't then it doesn't. Just because the system is open — meaning the hardware designs are available, the source is too, and you can freely modify the system — doesn't mean you can't install non free things on it. For example Firefox OS Apps will be a mixture of open and closed. Will the pins for HDMI-CEC at least be accessible through software (like on the Raspberry Pi)? That way interested parties (OpenELEC?) could build firmware images supporting CEC even if the main firmware does not. Another crazy idea (Probably not possible at this point in time): If the TV supports MHL, switch the Matchstick into MHL mode and get power from the TV, so no additional connection is required (I think this needs to be supported by the CPU) - As another bonus there is a subset of CEC that HAS to be supported over MHL... @Creator How are you going to implement DRM in a "100% open" (as quoted) system? It is one thing to offer an opt in plugin/app for DRM than to saddle it in the OS of an "100% open" product and force us to have it, as your FAQ suggests you may. In the event you bake it in will there be an alternative firmware where all things DRM are removed (not merely disabled)? I understand that some functionality may be lost but I really wish a FFOS based product would just drop those stupid DRM schemes. As someone that is hard of hearing, the subtitle support will be very important to me, I know I am not the only one. Another Windows Phone user here. With all the tools and frameworks out there to build a single app for every platform... "We'll see what we can do" sounds like a polite way of saying "No, no app for Windows Phone". please dont forget chromacast started with a very limited set of apps , every company(Netflix, HBO...) will have to review if it is worth the hustle to support matchstick. It is always Hardware first and then software support, it has been like this with USB, chrome cas, anyhardware name it.. Reading the ever growing FAQ I only see stuff what this thing CANNOT do. Is it only a Mozilla marketing toy? I am getting pissed off now! Will xbmc be able to be loaded on to matchstick or has it been ported yet ? That would be a big advantage or google chromecast !! @Creator "...At launch, the Matchstick team will deliver a core set of content for Matchstick that will let you find the most popular movies, TV, and music. Apps like Netflix, HBO Go, Pandora, and others ensure great content right out of the box! ..." Does this mean that the Matchstick platform has the official support from these content providers? -Correction- Don't *know* if MatchStick will get dlna but FirefoxOs seems working on it. Don't if MatchStick will get dlna but FirefoxOs seems working on it. <url>"Matchstick do support 1080P streaming" but your FAQ still say 720p only! Can you please clarify. Thanks! @Creator This kickstarter mentions Netflix support three times. Unfortunately from everything I can find, Firefox does not yet support Netflix, and will not until Adobe finishes their EME extension and Firefox finishes integrating it, and it is all tested to satisfaction. I would love to be proven wrong, but I would like a definitive answer if Matchstick currently supports netflix or not.. It won't support Full HD streaming? @creator Question: If the MicroUSB socket on the unit available as a USB port as well. Because it seems like when you talk about USB you refer to the hidden USB port. So it would be good to clarify which you mean. @creator So to de-confusify what you just said: Firefox OS (and thus by extension) supports the HTML5 video standard which includes a standard way to do captions? Could we get past the very terse response, followed by people freaking out/reasonably pointing out why something is needed, then followed by a comment that contains some kind explanation, or context, etc? No 1080p anymore. No NAS. No subs. I might as well drop my EB. So, get your act together. Wow that hidden USB connector is going to be busy. Users will have to crack the case, solder on a cable/header, modify the case to accommodate it, and then attach it to a hub so they can have bluetooth, and USB audio (which we may have to batch the OS so it can be used) at the same time. Hackability is great, it is a big part of why I pledged, but it shouldn't just be stone in the soup. It should be there for extraordinary and innovative uses, not to backfill needed functionality. Likewise subtitles. I find your answer insufficient. You just say you don't support them "currently". You don't acknowledge that they are essential for people with certain disabilities, for non native speakers, hell even for watching BBC shows with strong accents. You don't say that you are planning to add them, or even that you want to add them. Instead you more of less shrug your shoulders and move on. I thought we might finally be passed having to explain why subtitles isn't an optional feature. I'd like to see an official statement about the 1080p, but I suspect that the discrepancy is between what the hardware can do and what formats are presently supported. Personally, I'll be fine with 720p until they have network streaming support at which point, I'm likely to get a lot more opportunity to view 1080p video. Wouter Van Goey - I think both of these will just not be built in functions, but are fairly easy to implement for developers. However, direct NAS sharing doesn't really bother me, so long as Matchstick gets Plex support, as Plex takes care of watching local files. Based on my understanding, it would seem that the Matchstick simply cannot connect to an SMB share (you just share a folder via windows) but a server application with corresponding remote app for the Matchstick will work fine. With all of that being said, it would work with a DVI adapter, because anything that complies with HDMI specs is backwards compatible, with the exception of DRM protected media, which I don't believe extends past bluray players. Why no support for subtitles? I thought that would be an easy fix with a third party app but there doesn't even seem to be a single one in the marketplace. Also no playback of files on the local network e.g. videos stored on a NAS in the basement? Makes me wonder why you went with firefox OS as those seem like pretty major drawbacks for a media streaming stick no? Something else though: will it work with a hdmi to dvi adaptor for the video (obviously no audio)? Any chance of seeing a separate remote for this? Sometimes you don't want to fiddle with your phone in order to pause what you are watching (for instance when you get a phone call). I recently backed another project on here called Slice Media Player. What was great about it was the backers and the project team had a really interactive comments page with the project team being really quick to respond to everyone's questions. So far on here, they have been too quiet. They need to up their game imo. Note to update to my previous post, I mean an OTG cable with power, that way you get power to the Matchstick, and power a USB device via the same power source. My thoughts are this: A) Bluetooth would be awesome. I would love to have BT 4.0/LE support, but I feel like despite the actual real life uses (Remote/keyboard for media playback) the dev team doesn't like our idea. Such is life. B) The Matchstick dev team already said there is support for a USB I/O via the power port (from what I understood), so perhaps a good stretch goal could be to swap the standard power cord that was going to be shipped for one similar to an OTG cable. This would allow people to plug in a Bluetooth dongle, or an external HD/USB drive, or a million other possibilities. C) I too am interested if it's 1080p or 720p. I probably would have backed either way, but it is a big deal. D) Please, for the love of all that is good and holy, make sure we get Plex support :) Plex is my number one favorite media server. I almost care more about Plex than I do Netflix. This may be cleared up as we learn the specifications on how Matchstick is compatible with current Chromecast enabled apps. Same comment as Jack Absetz. No 1080p is a game breaker for me. I backed in the knowledge it would stream 1080p and now the specs have changed... Can I cast websites such as ABC.com NBC.com (I mean the pages with full episodes)? Your link to the hardware specs says 720p/1080p <url>"Is HD streaming possible on Matchstick? Yes, Matchstick streams 720p." I need this verified please 720p, no 1080p streaming possible? If only 720p and since you are now over $300k (3 times the amount needed), can you revise unit to be 1080p capable? This is a game breaker for me. Hi, I backed this because I am seriously dissapointed by Chromecast. I own a NAS (Synology DS213+), and because of the (incredibly) low formats being supported, it's useless to me. NAS needs to transcode almost everything in my library which of course, it can't. I think Matchstick will solve this problem, but I am curious of what exactly is to be expected. Can I: 1. Mirror the Plex app for Android (or any app for that matter) to my tv? (cc only shows chosen media info when selected, not the overview) 2. Mirror a Plex html page from any device (this would be a alternative to show my collection). And if it does, will it play the content locally after selection? Please give a best estimate on the possibilities! It is great to see the sum on the right side going up while writing... Again another 18 $... I have one design question. For TVs installed at a wall, the space is limited. In that case you can buy HDMI cables where the plug is flipped by 90° to the side having the rest of the connector parallel to the back cover of the TV. For the Matchstick, will there be a similar approach or a adaptar unit? Re streaming media: supporting Plex could solve all that - they have an Android app that's allegedly easy to port, and the media server runs on your own computer/NAS. I am abit surprised at the answer of no SMB local streaming. I believe that can be done quite easily and I strongly urge the team to reconsider that. Or do you mean it is an open platform so a third party dev could easily hack it to do so. "Is HD streaming possible on Matchstick? Yes, Matchstick streams 720p." No 1080p streaming? What about Apple Lossless? Also an ethernet-port would have been great. WLAN is the pest :(. Maybe Matchstick 2 can do that in one or another way. Hm, VPN support would not be bad. But then there is DD-WRT and alike where you can put your VPN connection up for your whole home network. @Galina, especially that it is non related. Personally I find it okay to have cross references to similar projects - even competitors. Some might find it wrong, I'd welcome that. But this has nothing to do with what matchstick offers... so I found it to be worthless spam. @Galina, it's really bad form to advertise projects in the comment section of somebody else's project. looks like we just crossed 300k$. 3x orginal goal of 100k$ not bad. Interested in seeing what the stretch goals will add in value. This user's account has been deleted. @Ibrahim, interesting, I had no idea those things even existed. A streched goal to include 5GHz wifi would be nice. So no support for DTS and AC3 coming? @Thomas @Wes Bo such thing as a HDMI CRT TV They are an older tube TV's which only had anolgue connections @Thomas @wes I haven't come across a HDMI capable CRT TV, I have however come across a lot of Android TV boxes with AV out, even some HDMI dongles, so was asking if it is possible to have that on the matchstick I just want to add my name to the list as someone who wants Windows Phone / Windows 8 support. @Matchstick.tv, does that mean that we could potentially dangle a bluetooth dongle from the USB port? That's not a great solution, but not being able to use a keyboard and mouse really hampers my use of my Roku as it takes so long to type anything into the boxes. @Thomas, Agreed and (this isn't directed at you) yet the Matchstick @Creator apparently can't see it. Hopefully this conversation will go a long way to helping to understand @Jock, I'd love to see them make the change, if they can do it without a major price increase and delay, they should. Devices like this always suffer for lack of a proper keyboard. @Wes, perhaps, but it sounds like those TVs that the poster was wanting to connect weren't cutting edge at the time. I could be wrong, but I don't think that CRTs with HDMI ports were every very common as HDMI provides no meaningful advantage over other options for CRTs of the typical resolution. @Thomas had a late gen HD CRT TV with HDMI in my apartment up until 2013 here in the USA. @Juan There appears to be some technical limitations preventing mirroring from android and ios for third party developers. AirTame ran into an issue implementing it in their product: <url>— which seems perfectly obvious to me. @Ibrahim, CRT TVs don't have HDMI inputs, or at least none that I've every come across. Converter boxes to make something like this work are almost as much money as buying a new TV. Well, a smallish TV. Here's another one hoping that you consider implementing HDMI-CEC and that before mentioned pin compatible bluetooth chip. But the matchstick is a great project and should be worth $18, even if it does not come up with new features. If there will be different hardware versions I'd love mine to have a LAN port. I prefer cables over WiFi I know you stated no mirroring but can I fling a PowerPoint presentation from my laptop to a projector? Great project people! Let me know if you need engineering support. Andy Awesome kickstarter, congrats on getting so far already! Exciting that you already have prototypes. I just want to add my name to the list as someone who wants Windows Phone / Windows 8 support. Also, regarding CEC, the raspberry pi has CEC support, and the xbmc projects that use it implement CEC pretty well in my opinion. Would be a great stretch goal... I again, didn't see support for DTS and AC3. Why are you not supporting this? Is it that difficult to obtain a licence with Dolby? At least support DTS and AC3 passtrough. Now I got the same problem with matchstick that i'd already have with Chromecast. A bit disappointed over here. Any chance that it can have 3.5mm AV output? Disclaimer: Third-worlder here. There are a lot of old CRT TVs around me that will become less usefull as broadcasting becomes didgital, this looks like a nice way of re-using those TVs instead of scrapping them. I have come across Android MiniPCs from china with the aforementioned feature and I'm told it's available from the SOC? continuing on my previous comments (<url>#comment-8021938), I think a lot of people are not aware how hardware OS/firmware is built. For example, this is the source code README for chromecast - <url>"no", as far as I know, the promise of "openness" notwithstanding. Please clarify this. I fell like this would clear up confusion of many. I pledged $2 just to ask this question and on the off chance that OPEN (with all caps, what it this, anyway?) will amount to something good. @Sandeep Srinivasa Why would there be vendor DLLs? As far as I know, Chromecast is not based on Windows. Hi, as already requested, bluetooth can be the big difference between other tv sticks and this one! Just pair a ps3/4 sixaxis pad and... BOOM! @Creator "...we love HDMI CEC but it's not easy to implement since every TV manufacturer has a different set of instructions around it. It's not practical for us to chase that down..." The CEC is standardized. Although each TV manufacturer chooses which CEC instruction sets to support, the basic ones that HDMI dongle uses are most likely implemented by all TVs. My Chromecast works very well with my Samsung TV made in 2007. It can automatically turn on the TV and switch TV's input to the HDMI in which it is plugged. This greatly enhances the user experience. Hope you are not saying that Matchstick can not do something Chromecast is able to do ;-) <url>"...As far as who we are? We are the team honored to have your attention. We are John, Shawn, Mandi, and Jack. =) This CNET article lays out the Matchstick story best! - <url>" Frankly speaking, I think you should do better than just mentioning four first names and giving one URL pointing to a wrong CNET article ;-) Is Matchstick a company? If so, what is the relationship between Matchstick, Purplecomm, TelTel and ABitCool? Do you think we can get Kodi (formerly XBMC) to run on the hardware? Your FAQ doesn't really answer the power question. Not all USB ports give the same power. Please tell us the volts and amperage your device requires. @Don Gateley: FWIW, here's the Gigaom article complete with video: <url>— at least according to your own schematics. Adding bluetooth would allow me to use Firefox OS as Firefox OS, without the need for a tablet/phone in the middle. It is great to say that we can add it ourselves, but the simple fact is that it is easier and cheaper for you do to it on device. I am sure your BOM is fixed on this version, but if/when you produce version 2, you can do it in your existing design. @Creator Can we backers get an introduction from you about the company and team members with some details, such as names and backgrounds? Request for demo ignored. Project ignored. @thomas, U$ 18. Chose this value. Here in Brazil the products come from other countries with a very high value. The amount will be charged only once? Thank you thomas @thomas. Any chance of getting a dev unit still? We'd love to be on at launch :) getvideostream.com - 500k and growing chromecast app. Get in touch if you can! Would love to chat. OK. I just backed one stick. Your video is great. Now let's see if the product itself will be good as well. Ok \o/ ! Yeah, I've been thinking about it and you are probably right, they have to be meaning WP and not windows. I suppose Windows should be covered by Firefox and if existing chromecast applications work so should Chrome with Chromecast, right? I may be wrong but when they say windows isn't supported I think they mean Windows Phone, not Windows PC. Hopefully they can clarify that. please make sure to first bring big name aboard (Netflix/hulu/amazon/PBS/Pandora/Slacker/Youtube). Then support as many platform as possible (pc/smartphone/android/iOS/FFOS). good luck! Is it enough for 4 Matchsticks to pay 64$? Estoy satifecho de haber contribuido para que este proyecto sea aun mas grande porque se que lo sera, por ello me satisface ser uno de sus partidarios :D What codecs does matchstick support? Is it possible to add Windows support on release day as a stretch goal perhaps? As much as I love my android phone, I am almost glued to my windows tablet both at work and at home. It would be very useful in both places to be able to fling straight from windows. aaaaw! no windows support at the start. was hoping this was an alternative to chromecast (could not setup the chromecast using my windows devices and computers). Hey Don you might want to take a look at the link in the Risks section. Shows an earlier prototype working admittedly somewhat unpolished but not surprising. Will Matchstick support Amazon instant video? I know Chromecast does not, but the Roku stick does. When you provide a video of your working prototype actually and convincingly working I'll bump my $1 pledge to $18. Kickstarter is much too full of fraud these days to justify any trust. Congrats for reaching your goal @Mark, as long as you can reach the port and log into the hotel WiFi, I see no reason why that wouldn't work. TVs don't generally have anything to prevent you from attaching random HDMI cables into the port as long as you can physically access them. Can I plug it into the back of a hotel flatscreen TV, and cast my laptop content? (with other casting devices plugged in, they don't give me access to the hotel WiFi for a login to make them work that way). Thanks ! Great project. Will there be streaming local content using NFS from my Synology? SMB would also be nice Good luck Ya I would pay more for 5ghz wifi @Nelson, which payment? The pledges are paid once at the end of the campaign. The paymens for the $10k level are just for the period where folks are traveling. hello, this payment will be made every month from October until January? btw i really hope it can draw power from an mhl port. In general i've been quite disappointed with the whole mhl thing. I thought it had such potential, but all it seems to be good for is a simple way to plug your phone into your tv and a short-lived early version of the roku streaming stick. hmmm ok... But the worst thing about my chromecast is it's sloppy connection to my home network. I'm just guessing that dual-band would improve that situation. i think the $6.50 is their added manufacturing cost. I don't think it means $6.50 to the end consumer. For mass production, I think the current version at this price point is ideal. I LOVE IT!!! I 2nd that I would pay $6.50 more to get dual-band WiFi support. also i would happily pay 6.50 more for 5Ghz @delpiero I highly doubt mhl power will work, but i've got my fingers crossed! Happy to back this project. Altough I am very pleased with my Chromecast, I fully endorse the mission to go open source. A question: Will the Matchstick support screen mirroring? I can mirror my Nexus 7 (2013) screen on my Chromecast. It mirrors both audio and video pretty well. This way, I can download a movie on my tablet, play it on VLC and just mirror my screen to my Chromecast. I understand that screen mirroring is technically pretty difficult, and it had been said that it probably could not be done with the Chromecast. (In the end it could). Due to this difficulty (and probably tight integration with the hardware needed) I wonder if this feature will ever work on the MatchStick. It's a little more difficult than writing an app, right? If this will support screen mirroring, I'll permanently replace my Chromecast with the Matchstick once I receive it and just give my Chromecast to my parents :) (Otherwise, I'll test them both and see which one I like best). Will this work without a smart phone or laptop by just connecting it to my tv and wifi network, then selecting apps like Netflix? Okay, looks like Matchstick does also need micro USB input. :-( No way for MHL support, when TV supports it? So, all power is supplied via HDMI? When yes: Nice one What codecs does the RK3066 handle? According to Wikipedia, the Rockchip RK32xx series will handle H.265. Anything you are considering on later hardware revisions? I'm a proud backer of this project God Speed and Good luck! wow!!! useful and beauty project!! Submit content to multiple device would be great. I am somewhat involved in the project altho I am not part of the MatchStick dev team. I believe the team is putting together the FAQ to answer the questions for the supporters. The team was exhausted putting together the launch so give them cut them a bit of slack. In the meantime, here are some quick answers: 1) The current chip does not support 5Ghz wifi as it will bring the BOM up by $6.50. Same thing with 4K which is a consideration but too expensive to have right now. I suppose these are things we can consider for the V2 when the economics make sense. 2) HDMI-CEC is minimal supported; The main problem is manufacturers implementation of HDMI-CEC is not consistent. 3) For those requesting features (VPN, SMB, local stream etc), all these are possible in theory. If you look at the board, in fact there is a location where you can shoulder an additional USB to the board and hack it so it can have an external HDD, or devices. You can take the stock Firefox OS and put it on it. You can run FFOS apps. You can build Miracast, DLNA into it onto of the URL flinging capability. Heck, you can even turn it into a Bitcoin miner :-) But all these are in theory; Developers need to make it happen. This is why we make it open system, that dev can take it and add features to it. For the developers who missed out the early offers of Nov kit, you can also apply on MatchStick at <url>#b2g folks can ask legal at Mozilla for suggestions. Does an emulator exist? Damn, I missed the early bid. Is there a 3d model of the matchstick? I ask because I can them make a chocolate mold of it prior to Feb '15, which may interest you. :) (Dice Candies is my company) I look forward to my early bird matchstick! Are you interested in using the Lima open-source graphics driver? Maybe not right away, but in a software update down the road when Lima is stabilized? Will you fix the EULA issues that were brought up on Hacker News? Do you have to use an EME plugin? A bit premature for the mass market, but for future proofing's sake, will higher resolutions be supported (ie., 4K, etc.) or possible through firmware updates? Will this need to be plugged into an outlet for power like the Chromecast? Either way, I'm really excited to get mine! Maybe even a way to add a proxy server I hope that it's 5ghz as well. Also hoping 1080p mkv files with subtitles will play flawlessly. And some sort of screen mirroring... Long list of "hopes" Does it use local DNS or set DNS like Chromecast? I'm in :) Will there be windows phone support? This may be silly but the apps such as Netflix & Pandora will they be native to the Matchstick ?? what im wondering .. can i just use my phone as a remote and let the actual matchstick run the app .. or is the matchstick just a peripheral that mirrors whatever is playing on my phone I see mention of Chromecast apps working with the Matchstick. Does anyone know if that includes Plex? Carlos, you can't. Create another account and have the second account grab a different tier. Will it run Firefox as a browser and support flash and other video content on websites too? That would be awesome! Lots of questions and no answers yet,i hope they rake to the board and start answering some of them I want to select multiple rewards, how can I do that? Will probably reach the funding goal within 48hrs, just my 2 cents. Im in! I would have preferred the developer unit... let me know if you open that up a bit more. Curious as to how many of the developer unit tier backers are actually real developers... I just looked through the schematic, and it looks like it has USB OTG support. 5GHz wifi would definitely give Matchstick an edge over Chromecast, which would finally allow for realiable high-bitrate local streaming Android Phone/iPhone + Matchstick does work from the description. @Rodrigo Someone know if its gonna be possible to SSH into the Matchstick and run Python programs and web servers? Could you 'fling' any video source to this Matchstick? Like for instance BBC Iplayer? Happy to support, shame I missed the developer unit :( I hope it supports 2.4GHZ and 5GHZ frequency. Currently, Google's Chromecast only works on the 2.4GHZ frequency which although has wider range also is more congested. Does flinging allow for people to play things like hulu or Netflix without specific support? I know that Netlix is switching to HTML5, so it should be possible to support it in the future with a native app, but right now flinging seems like the most likely way of doing it. If you really want this to take off figure out how to support 802.1x out of the box so that it can be used on enterprise and campus networks with ease. I understand my app can work with Android OS + Matchstick, right? What would it take to upgrade from b/g/n to a/b/g/n (or even a/b/g/n/ac)? Stretch goal? If one were to contribute two "Dorms" $160*2 = $320, does one receive 10*2 = 20 units? Or does anything above $160 get only 10 units, until one reaches the $10000 mark to get the vacation plus 4 sticks? Glad to support a device running Open Source software (Firefox OS)! Can i use the Matchstick without a wireless network? Can i just connect my phone to it or do i neet a router That's the reset button. There is another USB connector on the other side of the PCB board that you can shoulder another USB port to do really cool stuff :-) Pedro if you look at the image of the board there is what looks like a micro usb on the bottom of the picture. Pretty sure it will draw power from that. I'm more curious what the switch is on that picture though. Great! I'm glad this is based in Firefox and truly open. Btw, how is this plugged? In case of chromecast, it has a USB port... I'm in. I hope you reach your goal