Newsworthy? <url>"Thank you!" Never forget that you helped me start my business and make my product a reality. Without you none of this would have been possible. Just think about it. Really consider what you have done for me. My company would not exist. Meepillows would not exist. And all the new ideas I am working on would not come to fruition. So when I say "thank you" I mean it. My life has changed because of you and your trust in me. ThinkGeek Some of the biggest news is that ThinkGeek is now carrying Meepillows ! I consider this one of my crowning achievements and love that we are continuing to spread the love of board gaming. If you log in to the desktop version of ThinkGeek.com you can leave comments there via Facebook. Please share the link and let ThinkGeek know how awesome the board game community is. Leaving a comment or sharing the link helps more than you know! Orange is the New Black In case you missed it, Orange Meepillows are coming in September! <url># of Meepillows ordered when the contest was ran through Survey Monkey. The second winner will be based on the actual number of Meepillows sold after backer drop-outs that happened because of a variety of reasons. The difference isn't much, but enough to change the winner! So, I multiplied the # of the original winning Meepillow color sold by .991 (20 Meepillows) and came up with the second winner #. Crazy? Perhaps. But I wanted to be absolutely fair and because math. Of course I can't just announce the winners without a little fanfare and game of course. There are 6 videos below. Each video is for one of the six different colored Meepillows. Which color did you pick? Watch the video (which are listed in no particular order) and see if you are the winner! Good luck to everyone and thank you!!! Please note that the winner information is linked as a pop-up inside one of these videos. If you are using a mobile device you may not see it and have to view my YouTube Channel for the video. Did you pick GREEN ? Is PURPLE your favorite color? Are you always the RED player? Do you always reach for YELLOW ? Is BLUE a popular color in your group? BLACK is always easy to see on the board! Hello everyone! Just a quick update to tease everyone out there... But first!!! The Meepillow contest will be closing tomorrow night: October 1st, 2015 at midnight EST. If you haven't entered you can still do so here: <url>"Some of the color breakdowns are so incredibly close that I cannot at this time pick a winner because I have just 9 backers that have not filled out their survey." How do you feel about your choice? :) We (mainly you) did it!!! Words can not express my profound gratitude for all the support you have shown me. The entire process was simply amazing and quite eye-opening. I already believed the board game community is made up of the nicest people on the planet, but this simply proved it. The following are just a few celebratory images of how excited, grateful, and proud I am to get Meepillows into your homes: The next step is that you will receive a survey from me (in the next couple weeks). I'll collect all the information I need to ship your Meepillows (including your colors), and then we'll do the contest which is super exciting! Stay tuned and thank you for making this man's dream a reality! With just about 40 hours to go in this campaign I wanted to once again thank everyone for their generosity, excitement, and support for my project! I've backed quite a few Kickstaters myself and I can certainly appreciate every single dollar that has been pledged to make my product possible. With all the other crowdfunding projects out there vying for your hard-earned dollars I am incredibly honored to be the one you chose. The Meepillows Kickstarter campaign will end on Saturday September 12th at 6pm EST. Just enough time to get a few games in with some close friends and family and reflect on the last 6 months and what this project means to me. I hear that there may be a meeple-shaped cake in my immediate future as well. I will post pics. Thank you! Hello backers! What an incredible journey it's been so far. With one week to go I wanted to give you a bullet point list of some information I thought would was interesting. I mean, who doesn't love bullet points? As of today 9/5/15 at 1:00 PM EST: 600 Backers $36,182 raised 241% funded 5976 video plays (which means 5976 times people saw a picture of me - sorry!) The One Meepillow reward level is the most popular w/ 210 backers. These numbers are blowing me away with one week to go still! So, I will take this opportunity to once again thank you for all of your support. You are the best. I also wanted to direct you to a new podcast I had the absolute pleasure of being interviewed on. I almost didn't agree to it since I've a) never been interviewed and b) never been on a podcast. But Scott and Jonathan from the Super Board Bros were absolutely wonderful and I couldn't have been more proud to be on their show. If you have time you can listen to the episode here or like them on Facebook here . Continue to share and spread the word too. It's been amazing seeing the encouraging posts and comments. And don't forget the more Meepillows you buy the cheaper they become per unit! Perfect for game groups or if you simply plan on building a Meepillow fort. Have a fantastic weekend and if you play any board games this weekend I would love to hear about it in the comments below! Hello everyone! So, a couple of days ago I posted my thoughts on having a contest at the end of the campaign to give away a set of SIX Meepillows. I was super excited and thought it would be a fun way to end the campaign on a gaming high note. Turns out that "Contests, coupons, gambling, and raffles" are prohibited on Kickstarter as per their guidelines along with: Drugs, nicotine, tobacco, vaporizers and related paraphernalia. Offering alcohol as a reward. Pornographic material. and oddly enough: Offering a genetically modified organism as a reward. So, this obviously means no contest through Kickstarter. Also, I have had to put a freeze on my funding to genetically alter Meepillows into living plush creatures. Quite honestly the results were frightening and you could say they were becoming nightmarish abominations. Live and learn! So, what this means is I will most likely run the survey through Survey Monkey after the Kickstarter ends. If anyone has other suggestions on how I can do this I would be open to hear them! Thanks again for all your support. Please continue to share this project on your favorite social media sites. I've been completely blown away by the places I've seen Meepillows covered and it makes all this hard work worth it! Hello everyone! An amazing milestone is about to become a reality. Something I never thought could even happen. Thanks to every one of you I will be doubling my initial funding goal of $15,000 in the next couple days. This is ridiculously awesome and almost beyond words for me. So, I have an another idea in addition to future discounts. Something a little more fun. When this Kickstarter ends there will be a survey and I will collect all the information needed to ship your rewards. This includes names, addresses, and equally important: Meepillow colors! Currently, the campaign rewards are based on quantity, not colors. So, like you, I have no idea which color is the most popular at this point. And this is why there MUST be a contest! In the survey I will ask what you think the most popular color is and how many of that particular color sold. The backer with the closest correct answer (yes, you can go over) will win a complete set of Meepillows (1 of each color). I will supply you with the total quantity of Meepillows sold to get you started as well. In case of a tie I will do what any self-respecting gamer would do - D20 roll off! I will of course record this roll off and post it! This Kickstarter is a dream come true and considering it is based on gaming I thought this would be a fun way to celebrate. Thank you for everything and stay tuned for the next fun extra I have planned! Hello all! I thought I would send out a fun little update of some of the "behind the scenes" pics of the Kickstarter video we shot. Some of these were posted on my website a few months ago, but I think this would be a better forum to share. Please enjoy! Little known fact: Through the craziness of preparing for the shoot we forgot the wine. We were forced to improvise by using beet juice. I am completely shocked. Completely and utterly shocked. Not just by the generosity of all you wonderful backers, but by what I saw when I went into my gameroom: Word of advice: Meepillows do not know how to mix liquor and gaming. I thank each and every one of you for the generosity in your pledges, for the kindness in your comments, and the excitement I see online throughout different social media outlets. You have made this possible and I now know that my company will succeed. So thank you for making this happen in a ridiculously short amount of time. Perhaps now my palms will stop sweating and I will be able to hold my wife's hands again. Hello you wonderful backers! First, I love you all. To say the last 24 have been stressful would be an understatement. Medically speaking, how long can one have sweaty hands before they should see a doctor? What about elevated blood pressure you can feel in your ears? This Kickstarter is my first created project and it's been a roller coaster ride since it launched just 24 hours ago. But, because of you it has exceeded my expectations thus far. All because of you. So, thank you from the bottom of my meeple-loving heart. You are the reason this project will be successful, and I can't thank you enough. Keep letting others know that you are a proud backer on your favorite social media sites. I love seeing all the shares and the support the board game community has shown me so far. So, now it's time to unglue my eyes from my laptop right after I check "monitor eye strain" on WebMD. Thank you!