7 years later, I finally received an email response from Kickstarter support. Yes, I believe we know this is a project gone bad and Antoine Spivey is gone with our money, but I had forgotten this until I received an email confirming the from Kickstarter's Trust and Safety team. Not sure which is more frustrating, being forced to remember this terrible project or Kickstarter's support taking 7 years to reply to a complaint ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ---snip--- Hi there, Thank you for bringing this project to our attention: Project: Meet SYRE, The World's First Bluetooth iPod Nano Watch Case Report date: May 30, 2013, 10:18 AM EDT Report content: We've received delays time and time again with very little updates throughout the process, I believe the majority of the backers of the project have little faith in delivery and the creator has not lo... We’ve investigated and determined that it doesn’t violate our rules or community guidelines. If you believe there is an issue that’s not covered by our rules or guidelines, please contact us with more details. If you haven’t already, you can also communicate directly with the project creator. While we won’t be taking action on this project at this time, we value your input. We rely on reports like yours to ensure the safety and integrity of Kickstarter for everyone. Thanks again for looking out for the Kickstarter community. Best, Kickstarter Trust & Safety ---Snip--- REPOST from 12 months ago: Guys give up, your money is long gone. The chargeback period for your credit card is long gone... you are NEVER seeing your money again... kickstarters terms of use mean nothing... you are long past the date for a credit card charge back... Anye is gone.... stop drinking the coolaide and move along... Hey asshole. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. <url>é Spivey I remember the community atmosphere, the group meetings, the spelling pictures, the educational board games, the drumming lessons and timed math quizzes. Most of all, I remember the rap that a friend and wrote about the 1984 presidential election. Run Jesse Run! >>>>>>>>>>As 7 and 8 year olds, we were taught the importance of taking responsibility for not only our actions, but also for our education.<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< At Meadows-Livingstone, children are not subject to the traditional confines of their given grade. This takes the boredom out of school and allows children to pursue their personal academic interests, thus creating a foundation of success that can be built upon in all of their future endeavors. I am proud to say that my fellow graduates and I have developed into self-motivated lifelong learners with an ingrained respect for both the world in which we live and more importantly, for ourselves. I have a BS in Finance and with a minor in English from Georgetown University. I do not currently anticipate returning to school, however, I do envision myself teaching at some point in my life. I would volunteer at the M-L school. I would also not only enroll my child at the M-L school, but also recommend it to others. Anyé Spivey <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I too like many other backers here need to insist that I get a full refund. I never received anything from this project. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Guys give up, your money is long gone. The chargeback period for your credit card is long gone... you are NEVER seeing your money again... kickstarters terms of use mean nothing... you are long past the date for a credit card charge back... Anye is gone.... stop drinking the coolaide and move along... I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I am backer #846 and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am backer #1337 and have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Just a reminder Anye that you are a piece of shit. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have NOT received my backed Products! I invoke ALL my rights as stated under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a FULL refund for my pledge amount IMMEDIATELY! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Guys give up, your money is long gone. The chargeback period for your credit card is long gone... you are NEVER seeing your money again... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Anyé, I don't know if you still read these comments. As backers, we accept risk - Kickstarter is not a store. But as backers, we expect honest communications. Tell us your story. Yes, people are upset, but this is closure that's needed. Please find the courage to do so. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Claude Joseph, I just came to post the same thing. Spivey used turned his Lion Hound brand into this: "Lion Hound Development Group, LLC is a residential/mixed use real estate development company based in the San Francisco Bay Area. Additionally we provide a comprehensive set of real estate development related consulting services such as project management, financial analysis, entitlement management and construction management" I guess that no matter how contaminated the brand he didn't want to spend any more money incorporating again! He's with Lennar Urban now. Hope they know what they're getting into with him. thief!!!! go fuck yourself! scam Just stopping by to give anye (his name isn't worth capitalizing) the old finger. Fuck you, I hope you burn in a firing car crash. Might be in the Bay area in the near future, let's get together so we can have a beer and a chat, yeah just a chat! YOU FUCKING SCUMBAG! $133,702, hope your enjoying the roof that we helped pay for you fucking waste of space. I second the comment from KawayanSillano below. Shame on you Anye Spivey. What comes around goes around, thief, Just dropping by to say fuck you Anye! Shame on you Anye Spivey! Shame on you Even just an admission of failure would be good. I can imagine it's not easy for Anye, but he owes his backers at least some words. Still peeved about this one. Anyone notice on LinkedIn that the above-mentioned barf-waffle is now employed at Lennar Urban? To wit: Senior Development Manager Lennar Urban September 2013 – Present (2 years 7 months)San Francisco Bay Area Lennar Urban is a pioneer in land acquisition and urban development activities. A model for integrated planning and sustainable design in the Bay Area, Lennar Urban San Francisco is excited to be the lead developer on three impactful revitalization projects that are underway at The San Francisco Shipyard, Candlestick Point, and Treasure Island. The transformative communities will introduce new infrastructure, state-of-the-art amenities, restored parks & open space, regional & neighborhood retail centers, and a diverse range of housing opportunities along the picturesque waterfront—all conveniently situated near downtown San Francisco and the Peninsula. In addition to managing multiple residential and commercial projects over his tenure at Lennar Urban, Anye currently serves as Senior Development Manager for the 25-acre mixed use retail/residential complex that is being built in the footprint of the old Candlestick Park Stadium. This project, along with the balance of Lennar Urban's Hunter's Point, Treasure Island and Candlestick Point portfolio is being built in partnership with OCII (the former San Francisco Redevelopment Agency). Another one for the "Got screwed at Kickstarter" list. Getting really pissed off. If someone has got his money back write me an email <email> We can´t let them go with our money without consequence ! Unfortunately I've gotten nowhere with the AG in WA. Anyone else tried? Seems we're not the only ones that lost our money: <url>é Spivey finds this page and realizes that he is dishonest and not to be trusted. <url>"no distribution", they must give us back them, I think.... 100% with JL comment: This guy took $133,702 and we don't know where it went or how it was spent, we at least deserve to see a breakdown of the business plan and expenses, no? How can a guy take $133,702 and it does not make the news? Yes there is risk, but it was handled professionally and without communication or support from Kickstart, to this day! We did not get the headphones or nanos, or even partial refunds and an apology. This is fucking shameless robbery. Still there is no refund. Does anyone know if we will be refunded? I pledge $150.00 since July 2012 and i have nothing to show for it, not even an apology. Real sad.............. I found this Abandonment Notice! On Monday, April 6, 2015, status on the LION HOUND TECHNOLOGY trademark changed to ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED. Apply Now for this name starting at $159! <url>"have been unable to elicit any response from the company". To pursue the complaint further, they suggest a private attorney. I agree with Saibal. I backed the vision and was aware of the risk. Anyé should have admitted failure and sent out the iPod Nanos and Bluetooth headphones. Instead, he left us hanging with a promised update in September 2013 that we are still waiting for. Kickstarter projects aren't without risks. Anye tried and failed. I can get passed that; but, I'm most upset b/c I paid for an iPod Nano and Bluetooth Headphones, which were off-the-shelf items. Refund or iPod please. Headphones, ipod, refun, anything. Did he just sell back the ipod nanos? Or did he even frickin buy them in the first place? Kickstarted just updated their Terms of Service (<url>é Spivey? Kickstarter, at what point past the expected delivery date is a project deemed defunct and all monies should be recovered from project creator and returned to supporters - especially since promised extra deliverables (e.g. iPod Nanos and Bluetooth headsets) have NOT been shipped despite the project creator reportedly having them on hand? Obviously, Syre has become (or always was) vaporware. Please refune! Has anyone tried to see if 510-419-0819 is his real number? I may give it a try after I get off work. The new apple watch is coming out! Wish I had $150 [that wasn't stolen] to put down on it. What have kickstarter done about this fraud to date? Thieves. I'll keep the conversation honest as requested. Fuck you Anye. Fuck you Kickstarter. "Conversation is an essential part of our community — we encourage backers to talk to creators and to talk to each other, especially when they have questions. All we ask is that those conversations stay honest and considerate. Don’t post obscene, hateful, or objectionable content. Don’t post personal information. Don’t post copyrighted content without permission. If you don’t like a project, don’t back it, simply move along. Please always have respect for our shared space and the other folks visiting it." TALK TO CREATORS!!! ahahahahahahahahah. where is creators? where is Kickstarter? Any one in Oakland and want to pay him a visit to see if he's still alive? His address is listed in the patten info <url>"Doing sudoku with my daughter." on July 29, 2014 at 12:42 AM ?? Anye Spivey took our money, blew it, and just stopped communicating, he didn't even apologize.....anyone else amazed at what a lowlife piece of shit this guys is? I pray one of finds this guys and ****'* the $133,702 out of him.....only a matter of time you fucking thief ! we are rapidly approaching two year anniversary of the completion of this project, and all we have to show for it is a headaches all around. Thanks Anye for your wonderful scam. I don't live in the US. I can't do anything about this From Japan. The very frustrating. Too bad I don't live in the US , From Europe I can't do anything about this @Thomas can you tell everyone how to go about filing a complaint with the California Attorney General? Shame on you Anyé Spivey, I just hope you're afraid every single day of what will happen to you if one day one of us cross you in the street... The world is small... I just filed a complaint with the California Attorney General against Lion Hound Technology, LLC, a California registered entity (LLC: 201216810801) which is still active according to the State. I encourage everyone else to do the same. Maybe if CA gets enough complaints, they'll go after this guy for taking our money. Has anyone actually received their iPod Nano that he claims he spent $30,000 on purchasing? Just curious... I think it's time for a class action... show this guy stealing isn't the way to go. What a loser. FWIW, I live in WA state and just filed a complaint with the Attorney General's office. We'll see what happens. Thanks to Rob Walker (and a local friend) for the link to the Geekwire article. I have backed other successful KS campaigns, and will continue to do so. This guy was in over his head but should either send out the rewards or refund our $$. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter’s Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn’t fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. What a way to make a "living" For anyone else who is filing a complaint, perhaps they can also link to this article, lending credence to the fact that the attorney general can take action: <url>é, may I please swing by and pick up the bluetooth headphones that I purchased through you? Please message me. FYI - KS posted new watered down rules (<url>é is a fraud. If the pictures of the nano&headphones was real he have had plenty of time to ship them. But my guess is that he have sold them to cover his own mismanage of this project(or never ever had them). So kind of a double fraud. he might as well go all out:( why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why? why you don't send us the nano and headphones? where is kickstarter? I just came here to post the same information about the Washington state lawsuit. How many of the backers live there? Does any backer live in Washington state? Let's start the second class-action against a less-than-honest Kickstarter project's owner! Just read article, guess where this campaign is going, this Spivey guy damn well better be worried! <url>é Spivey via Facebook, linkedin, twitter and via his Kickstarter page. NOTHING! I just want to know what is going on and/or a refund. Do backers have no power or protection to any project the fund? I have already sent about an year ago an email to his wife, to his school's colleagues where he is a board member, but no replies so far. I think the only way to get in touch with him would be for some local resident to try to talk to him personally, because here on the internet we are being completely ignored.. I surely am interested, maybe you should post an exemplary mail so people could send that one to the wife or reporter.. I'm guessing no one is expecting a resolution but it would be nice to have closure to it. A local newspaper interviewed Anye about his project in Feb 2013; we can maybe get this reporter to write a follow-up? <url>"shoulda known it was too good to be true." Just retail on the headphones and nanos alone would be well above the $150 I pledged. So if you are buying at wholesale there would still be hardly anything left for the SYRE itself. Le Sigh. And with a bit of research anye has a cpusin Jacqueline Spivey. Facebook post as of sunday show her eating a meal a with anye stating that he treated them the meal and that he was unable to be tagged because he doesnt have facebook. @Melo and others. What do you want kickstarter to do? Give us our money back? They don't have the money anymore, Anye has that. I really have no clue what they can do. Kickstarter can't pressure him because he hasn't been online since december. He just took our money and rund just like in his profile picture --> I don't think Anye is doing anything with Syre anymore because the domain <url>"be respectful and considerate". I second Melo. After almost 2 years, KS coming here to say ONLY this???? Give us a break! And yet to say that "we hope that you’ll continue to back projects"???? Ohhhhh Maaaan!!!! It seems that we are really clowns, sitting ducks for them. If KS wants to keep with their business for some time, they should treat better their customers (AKA backers). With all due respect, KS, do not patronize us, show some consideration for our intelligence! Go find this unethical "creator" and bring us some respectful feedback here! Or else, this will be the beginning of your end. And this is not a threat, it is only a matter of cause-consequence. You treat us bad, we don't come back. Sorry for the outburst, Natalie, but you MUST be joking to talk with us like that. Regards, Paulo. Thanks Melo Dear Natalie, I think we all understand that when designing and making a product from scratch that there are often hurdles, and all manner of unplanned for issues that can arise, and in platforms like yours, it seems unethical creators go unpunishable. I have no doubt that the Kickstarter team is (nearly) as disappointed as the backers that lose their money when situations as is the case here arise, (after all you have your brand to protect) and are looking to fine tune your processes as you point out in your comment. There is one aspect that I am struggling with, and this has nothing to do with making a product from scratch, it has nothing to do with design, nor manufacturing, nor supply... there are 300 backers (yes, I'm one of them) who as part of their pledge would receive an ipod Nano. Where is the issue with fulfilling, at the very least, this part of the pledge. what possible excuse can reasonably be made to explain the absence of this commitment. In fact you go to the trouble of submitting a commment, yet, really, all you are doing is reinstating your distance from having any impact to do anything, in effect admitting that in situations to defend the very backers that have made you great, you are no more than a toothless tiger. You say that you have "reached out" but do not give any feedback about that.... did you talk with him, exchange email communication, or did you simply send an email, not receive a reply and now you can post that you "reached out"? And then, of course you finish with the "sell" ...... "we hope that you'll continue to be an active memebr of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow with our community." Shame on whoever approved this post for print, and thinking that you've offered anything that we didn't already know. Oh, and what about those nanos? kind regards Melo ps. if anyone at Apple is reading this, me thinks there is a chance to get some free publicity and create some goodwill, and all it would take is 300 Nanos........ that is if there are still any around. I have reported him at LinkedIn ... hopefully his account will be blocked ... more than checking and blocking his possibilities is not possible :-( Somebody found other things hes doin, where we can block him ?! Thanks for the update JL. It would have been nice if she had been able to wrangle some kind of commitment from him to at least come and talk to us. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Mar 20 19:17 Hi there, I'm sorry that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. As a backer myself, I understand how frustrating it is to back a project you're excited about, and then not receive any updates as to how the project is going. We try our best to encourage creators to post updates, and respond to messages. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate with each other through these developments. We’re sorry that this hasn’t been the case with this project, but hope that you’ll continue to back projects that you’re excited about. Thank you again for sharing the experience that you have had with this project. We are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. We hope that you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow with our community. Best, Natalie Fight Anye on every Internet front we can - submit his LinkedIn profile for review by the LinkedIn organization. The scam and the sham that he is should be exposed without any further delay. Are there any legal actions we can pursue here? Didn't someone live in the same area as Anyé? I recall that he was pimping his project to some development commission and calling it a success. Any recent news? I really would like the additional wireless BT headphones I pledged for, if not the original product. @Everyone, go to Kickscammed.com and report this project. $133,702 has bee stolen from 1,373 backers, including my $150. Anye mislead everyone with the design and time frame for delivery he advertised. This project was successfully funded on Aug 5, 2012, and it is 2014 !!!! We are all well aware that you are aware of this project, and that Anye simply walked away with $133,702 in his pocket, with no explanation and nothing to show for it, and NO ACCOUNTABILITY! This will not stand. Kickstarter is simply turning there back on 1,373 backers hoping this will all go away. IT WILL NOT, I ASSURE YOU. Make it right. Let them have it!!!!!!!!!! <url>#.UwMk2JEoTfU Have a watch, basically KS just wash their hands regarding these projects that failed to deliver. Maybe we should get a local news in CA to do a similar coverage. I HOPE ONE OF THE OTHER BACKERS WAS THE HACKER!!!!!!!! RETRIBUTION SUCKS. Once again canned response on their site getting hacked. Sounds like this is how they handle EVERYTHING that happens to them, JUST SEND THEM A CANNED RESPONSE!!! Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Feb 16 09:23 Hi there, We’re extremely sorry that this happened. This incident was unacceptable and we’re doing our best to learn from it and make sure that it does not happen again. We take your security and that of the Kickstarter community very seriously. I certainly understand your disappointment about this situation, and I hope we can regain your trust. If there is anything I can do to help, please let me know. Best, Megan Above right says "You're a backer". Please change that to " You're a sucker". "Funded" could also be changed to "F---ed". Thanks for nothing, it all comes clean in the end. Screw Kickstarter!!! This is the first project I tried on here and I got scammed, what makes Kickstarter think that I would ever come back to try on any other project? I'd have better luck on Ebay or Craiglist........I guess money well-spent to learn how Kickstarter handles its screw-up. Anyone tried Indiego before? HAHAHAHAHA KICKSTARTER GETTING A TASTE OF THEIR OWN MEDICINE. YEA!!!! PROBABLY ANYE THAT HACKED KICKSTARTER. Oh yea, if you were defrauded by Kickstarter with a Chase credit card they should give you a refund. I don't know if they consider it a loss or they will go after Kickstarter. I hope they pursue the both thiefs Kickstarter & Anye for the losses. Maybe Kickstarter is making an insurance claim on the data breach & are defrauding the insurance company just as they & Anye defrauded us. It sounds like Anye himself & Yancey Strickler must be hanging out as classic white collar criminals. <url>#faq_41860 Hey Anye. Please read!!! I emailed Kickstarter a few weeks back about him and the only thing they said was they reached out to him and hope he will contact us soon. Basically it was you are SOL and JWF. Anyé is real. But just have no skill running a business. So he ran this project into the ground and then he bailed. Look at his picture. Guess he is still running.. He can't even face up to the failure. As I have said before, I am sure he started out with good intentions. But he did not know when to quit. And there by defrauded us out money, ipods/headphones and shipping cost. Yep, he's a **** how do we get our money back from this? Will kickstarter even do anything for us? Does any one have a clue if the creator is even real or did i just give my money to a fake person? dick Anyé Spivey you are a scumbag and a crinimal. Go die. Did everyone report this project? The report button is at the bottom of the project page if you did not know. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I got this from <url>#faq_41860 So...??!!?? Anye what's going on. Anyone have any success getting a refund from their credit card company? Christopher Dones - You realize that "new article" you linked is from Jan 2013, right? The end of September has passed and no news at all. Were you talking about September 2013, right Anyé? New article about the project and refund demands but no new info <url>#19, Aug 27, 2013)? "I will be in touch by the end of September with news from my potential investors and/or my proposal to move towards closure." ~ Anyé Spivey Paulo, is there somewhere we can go online to file the complaint? i filled out one with amazon ages ago, which netted nothing, but its worth noting. I'm in as well Paulo. Still nothing eh? When is this guy going to speak up? maybe if we can get more media coverage on this, like what ran in the consumerist: <url>"Advice on how to resolve a complaint if you are dissatisfied with a product or service" in California. PLEASE LET US MAKE A MOVE! U.S. residents, please reply to this. Whete is my ipod?? syre you can also keep it! but either return the price of the ipod or just send it! the money you're screwed I hope you spend it in medical care .. Pretty sad if KickStarter doesn't get involved, since this has occurred I delete or ignore any kickstarter programs which come across my desk. I have no interest in supporting a project with kickstarter, can't believe they would allow someone use them to ruin the Kickstarter name. What a ****! Cause of this guy kickstarter will bleed to death. This is just one example of a project that doesn't deliver what the promissed! Come on Kickstarter, do something about this!!!!! He took more then 133 thousand dollar without delivering anything? I guess more people will do the same in the future! Status of this project is dead with no refund <url>é Spivey 2335 7th Avenue Oakland CA 94606 <url>é Spivey was the Treasurer for "First place for youth" <url>"their employee who took $100.000+ and disappeared", if that would grab his attention and make him get back here and answer us? I understand that problems pop up and the original product isn't going to be launched. I've been supportive over the past 18 months, but I really would like the two "high quality stereo Bluetooth headphones" that I paid for. Certainly the money for the Nanos and headphones wasn't invested in the product design itself, right, and so should be available for you to send these items to the people who trusted in you. We paid for a Nano, headphones and the shipping for it - that is the least minimum we should get. NOW another year, another article.. <url>é for shipping. If that have been used for anything else then shipping he is stealing from us!! Sad that you wish to put your name in this regard for your future. Any more updates to this or will you ignore all of us that supported you? or... we should all spam the freak out of his alma mater... as him... so they change the information on his bio, cause all that crap is fake as this project!!! childish, i know... but i am tired of not doing anything!!! that is annoying the crap out of me!!!!! --------------------------------------------------------> is anyone a lawyer?? is it possible to file a small claims suit against him? Give back the money. Please return my money. Please return the money. Honestly, I was a supporter of this project even through the last few months, but with your lack of timely updates you seem to disrespect your supporters, let alone the tediousness of this process for everyone involved -- yourself included. Any word has always been better then no word at all, so if you could get out from shadows and speak honestly and directly, that would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. It's been over 3 months now and no update. Our money is gone and KS will not do anything for us. Sucks to be us. Did anybody meet this guy ? Or did anybody know where hes living exactly ? Im really curious how that man can walk the street without being hit by something ....like an iPod-Nano or something ?! Lost money ...really sad ... and i didnt get anything back from my bank :-( for people who got money back from their banks, what exactly did you tell them? bec I'm probably going to do the same thing if Anye doesn't give an update anytime soon. Nice to see Georgetown hasn't scrubbed this awesome alum from their website yet: <url>"Creators": Qu. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Ans. Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Anyé Spivey of Oakland, CA.....where are you? 1,336 people would like to speak with you face to face....give us an address, we'll be right over......or will be looking for you.....have a nice day. Our money has been fraudulently taken and the individual who has t taken appears to think that no communication is good communicationsonscommunications, this obviously reflects very poorly on you sir. I am not anymore interested in the project due to the long delay and the extreme difference between the original product and the final one. Please refund immediately. I WANT FULL REFUND. NOW. Let the world know that Anyé Spivey the Founder/CEO of Lion Hound Technology, a graduate of Georgetown, and creator of SYRE the World's First Bluetooth iPod Nano Watch Case (which never came to reality), although successfully funded on Aug 5, 2012 is a big fraud. Shame to Georgetown for producing a big-mouth liar. WTF ...... really? nothing? really? Guys, can you explain me how to ask for a refund? I payed with a VISA credit card. Are you sure that my bank is going to give me my money back for a thing they didn't make? If the story is true, Anyè spent all the money, but not giving updates is a stupid thing. for those of you that got money back from cc companies what was the date shit starter processed the charges? I just sent a message to Anye, asking that he, please update on status and current efforts to fulfill your obligations. Hopefully we hear something. Hello, it's been a long time since this product was supposed to be released and since then I've bought a new iPod Nano and thus no longer need this product. So I would like to ask for a refund on my money, Thanks , Tiago He hasn't logged on since Aug27. Looks like he has no interest updating his backers or the project as a whole. Can't believe he is getting away with this. :( Anyone think that the original photo of the iPod Nanos might have been a photoshop? I am not anymore interested in the project due to the long delay and the extreme difference between the original product and the final one. Please refund immediately. This user's account has been deleted. what the heck is going on Anye? can we like report this to Kickstarter? or someone already did? i guess we are patience enough up till this point. still no concrete updates, delivery or refunds. this is really a joke. my first pledged project and it is hanging in the air. please just refund and end all our pain. really what is the point of this watch strap. i had even given my nano away. It is my opinion that although he may not login as his account name he still monitors this message board. So three days after I posted the link to his LinkedIn account and Brian posted about his current job he has taken his account private. Funny. Wow...according to your LinkedIn profile: Lion Hound Development Group, LLC January 2012 – Present (1 year 10 months) San Francisco Bay Area Lion Hound Development Group, LLC is a residential/mixed use real estate development company based in the San Francisco Bay Area. Additionally we provide a comprehensive set of real estate development related consulting services such as project management, financial analysis, entitlement management and construction management. So...you have no money to finish the project but you have enough fiances to start a new company with the Lion Hound name. So what does this mean?? We have really been taken for a ride!! Anye, how do you sleep at night? Shame on you. You stole $133,702 from us. Go to hell Anye, I do not understand why you continue to keep 366 iPod nano in the house to occupy space and become antiquated .... while there are hundreds of backers who have paid and are waiting to receive at least the iPod and the headphones. Hmmm...what if we offer to pay postage to receive our nano and/or headphones. We can send mailing labels, so it's no expense for Anye. [of course, if these products were never actually purchased, then the idea is moot]... I wonder if we are even gonna get this before Christmas this year. www.linkedin.com/pub/anye-spivey/5/756/78a In case you guys were curious. I would also really like a refund or at least the iPod Nano/Bluetooth headpohones you promised us. While I have written this off as a loss long ago the fact that you were not transparent with us is ridiculous. Anye, I have written you and asked for some information on the progress which we all no is no where. We are just asking for an update and perhaps some closure for all who has backed this project. We openly supported you and I believe it is time for more openness from you. All we ask for is a simple open update and you to keep your word. We know the project is failed so all you can do keep your word. You say there will be an update and it doesn't come. It has taken me a few minutes to type this...how long will it take you?? We are all suckers apparently, but then again, he came up with a great idea and design...and showed it to us in a video....seemed to be a no brainer to me, I truly wanted it back in 2012. How could we have known that he didn't do any research, have a plan, or simply just did not know what he was doing, unless he intended on ripping off $133,702 from us, in which case bravo, he is smarter than what we think....I just wonder how his brain works, he says he'll give us an update in a month then waits 3, repeatedly, over and over....from the beginning people have asked for weekly updates, no matter how mundane....but NOOOOOO, he just won't do it.....what is going through his head, I'm totally baffled......we just want the ipods, the headphones, the refunds, anything.....give back something for what you took !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why is Anye not being held responsible? He's getting away with stealing $133,702 and nothing can be done about this issue? I guess I'm the big fool for investing. Anye I hope you've come to understand that you and this project are a total failure––with the emphasis being on you. @edmund sim: "Collected" means that Kickstarter collected the funds from you, not that you were given a Syre. total disaster I want my money back. Just realized on my backer history that I had 'collected' my syre. That's total bs. Because of this very bad experience, I've stopped looking at all KS projects. Honest question: how do you sleep at night? Anye, it would a lot more polite if you just admitted that you fucked up badly, that the money and rewards are gone, and that the project is officially DEAD, instead of trying to give us false hopes or ask for more money.. Surprise surprise... It's October and the September update never came... Who would have thought it... Everyone could see that there was going to be no September update... Given Anye says a month and then disappears for 3-4, I am gonna say we will hear from late November or early December with more lies, insincere apologies and general bullshit... I'm done with this project. My money is gone. No product. I understand that it is a risk to fund projects on kickstarter. That is a given, but to leave us in the dark all along the way is simply rude. I'm not going to ask for my money back, and I would gladly take anything you got Anye, mostly responsibility and respect. We all tried to help you fund your dreams, and goals. Please respect us enough to at LEAST apologize, with a product or not. September is almost gone.. I also just started the process of getting refunded through Visa. They seem to be very helpful. I'll keep you guys updated. Really, isn't there an official contact to get a refund? Don't celebrate too soon; AmEx temporarily credited my account and then revoked it after about 45 days of investigation. They said it was too long ago. My fraud claim did not work with my bank. They said it was too long ago. I am trying through Amazon though also since I used it to pay through my bank. Hopefully, they will be able to go through with the claim. An update on my fraud claim... My money has been credited back into my account... Anye, have fun with visa!! Thanks for coming... So long and thanks for all the fish!! <url>"kickstarter is not a store", it has to be said that there was a promise for goods in exchange of money. In this case it's a preorder system. At this stage if the cc company refund is permanent I am happy. I will allow them to pursue Anye. If Anye is in cost overrun on this he is still liable. That's what banks are for... Get a loan, fulfill the project and stack that up to your learning. Not ours. Sob stories about how much more he would suggest we contribute is laughable. Robert: I have files my fraud claim against that spineless little snake that is Anye... Hopefully within 15-20 days my claim will be finalised and I will be done with Anye and his theft... Good to see he was so genuine with update 19... Genuine enough he has not logged back in to see his backers comments... If I never see this product, I got my money worth in reading this blog/comment field. Thank you all for your posting your emotions Roberts comments are about as worthless as Anyé's. for a guy who doesn't care he sure has a lot to say. Most of just rubbish. Let people vent and complain and stop being an a-hole, a-hole. Michele - Just file your fraud investigation now. You won't. Plenty of other people have made those claims, and no one has done anything. It's an empty gesture to say you're going to do something that you won't do. You're either too lazy or it's not worth the effort. How much is your time worth? If Kickstarter hasn't actually done anything yet, why would you think police would give you their time? They have real crimes to investigate. It's amazing to see so many people think so highly of themselves to try to stand out and take charge of the situation on behalf of everyone (or just themselves and want to show off) when they are just full of it. I already asked for refund. If I don't get any mention of being "at least" noticed, I am gonna file a fraud investigation request at the local police service. Thank you. Send the Ipod Nano and headphones! NOW!! Send the Ipod Nano and headphones! <url>"Name". If Anye needs more money to finish the project, he must FIRST show us something in return, to get back some accreditation. And the best way to achieve this is by sending those iPods and headphones to the backers who already paid for them. AFTER that, and ONLY AFTER THAT, we can talk about more money. [SHOUTING] Anye, PLEASE COME AND TALK WITH US, STOP HIDING, SHOW US SOME RESPECT!!! Answer our questions, show us CONCRETE facts, and maybe you will be able to finish this project with us still at your side. Mansfield, "Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." A lot of People gave him money for rewards-iPods(allegedly purchased already), BT headphones(should have already been purchased), and a case aka syre. Don't you think he should have, at the very least, provided the rewards he didn't manufacture? Folks Kickstarter is not a store. It's one of many places where people with cool new ideas show other people those cool new ideas. If one likes the idea enough they are asked to send money. This is how how cool new ideas turn into reality. This is how innovation is done. All projects of this nature should be viewed as speculative ventures. Some projects will work and some projects won't, so it makes sense to risk only what you can afford to lose. If one expects certainty one should avoid speculation. you had already got more than you pledged for and all you should had done just focus on to deliver the product who you took money form rather than worrying too much about OMG wat apple gonna do next about nano. and wasting all money and time. you also couldn't manufacture as per the design you promised...all you can do was delay after delay and excuses. on top of that you are asking more money or to close the project and all the loses we have to bear including ipod and head phone we already purchased.... i even doubt you are telling the whole story Fact is you have failed this project (plz dont blame circumstances) and your so called potential investor will go away too... so before some from us will sue you and give you a hard time.. plz REFUND listen to your backers who trusted you in first place.... Please refund! I am for a full refund. At the very least, please return postage alone. Unfortunately it has been so long since I backed this project I can't even remember what was promised for my $99, which I now count as a total loss. VERY DISAPPOINTED at the lack of information and updates. This will make it difficult to back future Kickstarter projects. I ditto Vincent's sentiments. Let the thing die and send out the nano's and headphones if you really have them. $25 more per backer...haha. Yeah. Right. *and also, more appropriately, loss aversion. Let this thing die. Anye, send out those iPods. Anye, You really have some nerve even presenting the figure for how much more you would "need" per backer to make this right. Mindboggling. People, read up on "sunk costs" and run from this proposition. I hereby ask for a full refund. Too much time has passed and the product does not resemble the original project. Thank you. Please refund my pledge of $150, less any funds that might be required to help remove your head from your rectum. Thank you. Not sure if everyone has seen this yet. I'm not interested in suing. I'd be happy with receiving the promised rewards. <url>"syres" as gifts and I personally bought 20 nanos and bluetooth headsets to go with them. So im left holding the bag on the rest of this stuff. Anyé, your reputation, or what's left of it, is about to come crashing down. Don't f$&@ with the Internet. We will find you. Richard. I assume you are not BS. Sorry to hear about the CC push back. I hope it turns out in your favor. I look forward to you and the other $900 contribution friends to join the cause. FYI all the other terrible kickstarter project creators at least give feedback and status updates. This guy does NOTHING. He has to say something! no refunds? As one of the $900 contributors ( I can assusre you I am not a "shill"). I have, as well, started disputes with my credit card company regarding the charges. They informed me due to the duration of time that has passed that they are not hopeful. If however I can not get my charges reversed, I would be willing to donate my refund through class action to any lawyer willing to takle this on. It's been so long I forgot how I even paid for this stupid thing lol I hope it wasn't with my debit card, because I believe it's harder to dispute charges with a debit rather than a credit card. This user's account has been deleted. Putney, I was certainly one of those who thought that people started mouthing off too soon; I still think they were too quick, but we're past the revised shipping date now, and it's past time for more news from Anyé. I've got a lot of sympathy for the problems facing this project but ... he's got a lot of my money, and that eventually trumps sentiment. Kickstarter needs to follow this up. Where are all those people who said we were wrong to be critical of Anye back in April? Also great point. Can we get a "proof of life" of the iPod and headphones? Again, I've been holding out hope that the project would complete and we would receive either the promised product + headphones, just the headphones, or a full refund. However, I believe the project creator has been absent long enough for us to come to a decision. Too bad, this was a cool project. i wonder if anyone ever "hounded" him in Oakland. I'm sure his tarnished name will lead back to this failed project in the coming years. No updates or explanations from Anye and zero support from KS. Maybe when someone brings a lawsuit on KS, not only for their money back, but asking to bring down the site to prevent future scams like this, maybe then KS will start moving their asses off the couch.. No updates, I think we can talk about fraud! Keep your fu***ng money! I just hope, our dear Anye Spivey spend them all in medicines and hospital care! please leave your comments at: <url>"Zachary Levey on Jul 27, 2012 Good job Neil! As a note for everyone, since the date for Amazon refunds had passed, and Kickstarter refused to assist, my credit card company investigated and due to lack of response from Amazon and Kickstarter, they defaulted judgement to me and I'm getting a refund. The documents from this site as well as Amazon receipt were all that I needed." Interesting course of action that is quite thought provoking. Having been involved in my share of failed projects I believe that Kickstarter and (possible Amazon) is complicit in fraud as well. Remember, those guys are rolling in money and with Kickstarter being based in NYC they can hire the best lawyers that money can buy, so until someone with bigger cojones than I go after them they will continue to turn a blind eye. Having said that, there is one interesting failed Kickstarter that had a backer as an attorney (unfortunate for project creator) which may give some insight of one lawyer's approach to attempt to make the backers whole again. The comments for the Hanfree Project can be found here: <url>é Spivey created this project as an individual and that not only his reputation, but also his personal assets are at risk as well. Anyé has used deception as a means to attempt to placate the backers. The is evident from his attempt to deceive the backers that he had a booth in Las Vegas by using another company's booth. I think it would not be far fetched to assume that his unwillingness to provide evidence of the iPods in that backer tier as a means in carrying out that deception. I would not be surprised if the higher tier ($900) has a number shills in it. (I base this on the lack of displeasure from the backers of that tier) Remember when Apple announce the change of design of the iPod model accommodating the case? Many of us asked him (including myself) to reconsidered this project and cut his losses and he refused? Anyone with any business sense knew the project was doomed but he wanted to continued on with the farce. Here I look at Anye's profile picture and I see him running away from backers and running away from his responsibilities as a project creator as fast as he can. But the bottom line is that we really will never know the truth unless some type of legal process starts like with the Hanfree project. Only with subpoena powers can the process of discovery begin Robert, he's copying my message, that i sent to Kickstarter. I'm giving them an opportunity before I go after them as well. Allowing for fraud is a crime, and unless Kickstarter makes Anye ante up the money or the product, they are as good as his accomplices. I have already filed the complaints with the better business bureau, and I am in the middle of drafting my complaint to Amazon. I listed the lawsuit last because I see it as the last option, and I want Kickstarter to have the opportunity to resolve the situation themselves before I actually go the full ride. Yes lawyers cost money, but the beauty is that some take their fee out of the settlement. So please excuse me while I take my shit. JL, the fact that you mention so many other steps before "push for a full lawsuit", that means you will not do it. Either you know how much it costs and want to procrastinate, or you don't know how much it costs, or how much anyone would really gain from this. If you're so adamant about getting a resolution about this, do something about it. Shit or get off the pot. The creator of this project, Anyé Spivey, has been out of contact for four months, and has not delivered on the promised product in over a year. He refuses to respond to Kickstarter messages, Facebook, or email. The collective 1373 backers who have raised $133,702, almost twice the goal amount, have waited for the resolution of this matter. Now it is my demand that Kickstarter DO something about issues like this. If not, I will begin to submit complaints to the Better Business Bureau, to Amazon, and I will push for a full lawsuit against not only Mr. Spivey for deceiving his backers, but also against Kickstarter for allowing such a blatant scam to take place. I do not wish to go this route, as it will be time consuming, but I will not allow for Anyé Spivey or for Kickstarter to fleece it's investors in such a way. Imminent response is expected. this would be the example of why i don't do anything with kickstarter now, because two of the projects i back flopped. I just received a response from Kickstarter regarding my compliant about the SYRE project: Thanks for reaching out and sorry to hear about the experience that you've had in backing this project. When projects launch on Kickstarter they’re often in the early stages of development. Before the backer rewards can be fulfilled, the project itself must first be completed. While it’s not uncommon for things to take longer than planned, we fully expect and encourage project creators to maintain regular contact with their backers and provide them with updates on their project's status. As a backer, you helped to bring this project to life and you certainly deserve to be updated on it. That said, it does look like it's been a while since the creator posted an update. We have reached out to him and asked him to post an update and reply to his backers' messages. Again, while we certainly encourage creators to stay in touch, unfortunately we have no way of forcing them to do so. However, I do hope that our reminder of Kickstarter's Terms of Use (which require creators to deliver on the rewards that they initially promised or to refund all backers) will encourage this project creator to provide everyone with a much needed update. I've also passed this project along to our moderation team for review. We've made a note and the status of this project will be taken into consideration should the project creator submit another project. Thank you again for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. We hope that this issue is resolved soon. I would like to be refunded, how to proceed? Regards, I recieved a response from Nick, one of those working with Anye on Syre. Hi Eric, I feel your frustration. I forwarded your email to him with a note that strongly suggests he issue an update. That’s about all I can do. I know he had prototypes bands and modules made as we have a set in the office. The Module is missing the switch PCB it does not work. I still believe he will finish but have to admit I am not as sure as I was last month. I think he had the best of intensions but did not anticipate the complexity of the blue tooth interface with the Nano. Regards, Nicholas F. Talesfore IDSA Congrats on comment #600! Here is to 600 more unanswered requests for additional info and refunds. Anyone else just look at the picture of Anye and think he's running away with our money? Following your suggestions, I just reported this project to KickStarter borrowing the text of Eric. I agree with JL and Putney, let us email jam them with our simple request: take an action, please! If we do nothing, we will get nothing from this project. Cheers. I have been sending Anye a message everyday for the past few weeks. Asking for an update. I suggest others do the same. Don't only post here -send him and kickstarter messages. If can't hurt. I copied the same message and sent it to Kickstarter....time to email blast 'em and wake up the deaf ears.... I sent a message to Kickstarter today. Subject: The Backers of this project wish resolution of the project, either though product delivery or refunds. Details:The creator of this project, Anyé Spivey, has been out of contact for four months, and has not delivered on the promised product in over a year. He refuses to respond to Kickstarter messages, Facebook, or email. The collective 1373 backers who have raised $133,702, almost twice the goal amount, have waited for the resolution of this matter. Now it is my demand that Kickstarter DO something about issues like this. If not, I will begin to submit complaints to the Better Business Bureau, to Amazon, and I will push for a full lawsuit against not only Mr. Spivey for deceiving his backers, but also against Kickstarter for allowing such a blatant scam to take place. I do not wish to go this route, as it will be time consuming, but I will not allow for Anyé Spivey or for Kickstarter to fleece it's investors in such a way. Imminent response is expected. Please update or refund!!! How long before the next update? Totally unacceptable. Please refund!!! Happy 1 Year Anniversary Anye! So, please tell... what have you done with the past year and $133,702!?! #karma #conjob Please update or refund!!! To the 5 backers on the 900+ level. Do you have any pull with anye? Please update or refund!!! Just need to find a lawyer, probably a slam-dunk for them: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. gonna be more careful about backing projects from here on out. Way to ruin whatever credibility you had Anye This user's account has been deleted. Does anyone know if we can all together sue Anyé AND Kickstarter? Please update or refund!!! The geniuses are the kickstarter founders. They collect yet have no responsibility. No because kickstarter gets 5% of the total. Then you get to disappear. Is this really happening? Can you get $133,702 from 1,373 people and just disappear? How can this be possible, there are no repercussions from kickstarter or us.....Anye truly is a genius, WOW Please refund! You don't update, you ignore your backers......you're an assh#le! And still no update. Was hoping you weren't this terrible of a person. <url>"like a man," I understand your rage. I'm going to suggest you make a nice voodoo doll and go to town. This guy is a thief and a piece of shit ...Be a man if you want to steal from people do it with a gun not like an asshole spineless piece of shit keep my money you fucking scum bag I hope you rot in hell you pompous pretentious asshole staring in those half assed promotional video .. BE a man and tell people the real deal See you here Anye: <url>"reply": Kickstarter Support, Jul 21 15:17 (EDT): Hi XXXXXXX, Thanks for writing in and sorry to hear about this. When projects launch on Kickstarter they’re often in the early stages of development. Before the project can be fulfilled they have to complete it first. Please keep in mind that it is an “estimated” date rather than a firm ship date. It’s not uncommon for things to take longer than planned, and creators are expected to keep backers in the loop whatever is happening. Also, creators should be updating their backers on the project’s progress. If there’s news, this is where creators would most likely be sharing it: <url>’t updated enough, send them a direct message or post a comment letting them know that you’re interested in what’s happening with the project. Sometimes creators just need to be woken up. If you have already tried to contact them through the "Contact Me" link on the project page but haven't gotten a response, you might also check their profile for other contact information. On each project page, you'll see a 'bio' link on the right. In the bio you will see a link to their Facebook profile, website, or both and you can try contacting them through those. Unfortunately, we aren't able to provide any additional information other than what is listed on the creator's profile. In regards to your project guidelines concern -- we regularly make new additions to our guidelines. Therefore, you may find past projects on Kickstarter that conflict with our updated rules. Apologies if this led to any confusion. We’re making tweaks as we learn and grow. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Best, Ian Wouldn't the smart play, to buy more time, be to send out surveys so people could select color(remember that option), update addresses, etc? That move would slow people down and buy SYRE more time Project Minimal- I saw the same policy as well and wondered the same thing. Did kickstarter reply to you? Credit Cards are usually charged the day Funding Closes, so in this case Aug 5, 2012. does any one know the dates the credit cards were charged? i am going to attempt to dispute with my cc company? It's been one year since project launch... And more than 3 months without any update from you Anyé Spivey... Shame on you Also sent this note to Kickstarter for those that funded ipod nano rewards, Anyé did not produce or create the item but it is included within rewards. "Backers of the Syre project, a Bluetooth capable watch band, are concerned with the fraudulent project. Not only has the project creator gone missing with no updates for months, but the project itself appears to have been hosted on Kickstarter in violation of your own terms and conditions. Part of the project was the 'resale' of Apple iPod nanos. Clearly this shouldn't have been allowed citing your policy "Projects cannot resell items or offer rewards not produced by the project or its creator." Source: <url>" Communicating this issue to media and other sources is definitely going to be necessary to bring attention to these issues. As with others I have sent my concerns to Engadget and a number of other outlets. At the very least getting the overall fraud issues of crowd-funding platforms and Kickstarter's lack of accountability into the public only helps. I would like the rewards shipped or a refund. I no longer care to receive the SYRE itself. Any update would be most appreciated. I contacted INC.com & other sources to run a story on Kickstarter's poor customer service. I think if we all chose a media source to report Kickstarter's poor service & allowance for scam artists to use its platform then WE WILL FINALLY OBTAIN SOME RESULTS from Kickstarter. We know we are not receiving anything from Anye. The lawsuit is too small per individual but if one individual has a substantial amount invested that one lawsuit can get the class action lawsuit for the smaller investments going. That is my understanding according to an attorney I spoke with in the Bay area. I am disappointed with Kickstarter just as much as with Anye. If Kickstarter continues to behave in this manner they will be out of business soon, but it sounds like the founders don't care they made their profit & are just waiting for Google to come & buy their company. Feel better? Let me answer why nothing has happened with "the lawsuit". ahem. Because it's not worth it for $50-$100. I paid $150 and I know that money is gone. How much is your time worth that you would really organize a lawsuit (none of you will do that, you're just waiting for someone else to do it) and fight to get back a couple hours worth of pay at your actual job? C'mon folks. Stop being irrationally drawn towards the flames of idiocy. Let's all pack up and let Anye hide in his hole with the money. Feel free to spread my $150 1372 different ways when you get that refund. Has anybody tried contacting Amazon as that's where the payment is processed? Who was consulting a lawyer for the lawsuit again? It's mid July, they are shipping they are shipping !!!!! right? Below is a big picture schedule to complete and ship: Order remaining production quantity components - Completed 1-2 weeks Samples sent for ATS/FCC/EMC/Apple MFi tests –Mid May Production Begins – Mid June Shipping – Mid July While I recognize at this stage that the difference between words and actions is enormous the only way forward is to finish the project. I 100% agree with Aaron. What happened to the lawsuit? Look, all of you buying into this "update" from Nick at ID3D, you're being played. Look at the facts: 1) Anye hasn't tweeted in over a year. 2) He hasn't posted anything on FB since December. 3) He doesn't respond to emails. 4) He hasn't posted an update in three months. There is no way this thing gets delivered anytime soon, if ever. As much as I'd like to give him the benefit of the doubt, there is NOTHING indicating that Anye will complete this project. Sorry. rkt, I published it since he has completely disappeared and refuses to answer comments or messages from us by his "official" ways of communication. Anyways, I just published info that is publicly available on the Internet, anyone could find it in five minutes like I did in Google. @André Tomasi - I can understand the frustration, but I doubt digging up and publishing Anye's personal contacts and publishing their contact info so that they can be harassed is going to help. Hi Anye - please give an update. Good news or bad, just keep us informed. not sure that refunds are a good option if it causes the project to death spiral. I think it's pretty naive to think this is going to have a positive outcome based upon one email from a designer stating that he had spoke to Anye several weeks prior. If Anye was really moving forward with this project, what possible motivation could he have for not replying to anything for months? Okay, so after I noticed the comment of André Tomasi, there seems to be hope again. I'm sorry for being undecided before, but now please remove me from the refund list, Mr. Spivey. I'm looking forward to my Syre & Headphones. Again, I'm sorry. Wow, very interesting, Andre. I guess there is hope for a positive outcome. I do hope I'll get a refund at any time :-( Please finish this thing so that we can have our money back! Just received this answer from Nick from ID3D about Anye, thought i'd better share it with fellow kickstarters: "Hi Andre, I spoke with Anyé a few weeks ago and he is fine. He indicated to me he will have some news soon?? …and even though SYRE has progressed slower than planed he said he will deliver product. I am positive he had the best of intentions when initiating his KickStarter project. I personally know, because I spoke to them a few times, he retained an Apple certified CM (contract manufacturer) in China and an electronic design group to design the blue tooth module that fits into the iPod Nano. I know he plans to construct the tooling to mold the module and mold rubber iPod Nano holder. His CM will assemble the PCB and module. This type of project is VERY complicated electronically and I just think it was a lot more then he originally bargained for. I believe he will complete this project but I agree and told him he needs to keep his investors informed – even if it is bad news! So don’t give up hope yet. Nick" Well, since Anye apparently prefers to remain in silence, maybe his wife will answer on his behalf about where he is or what's he doing? She is called Jacqueline Spivey, her e-mail address is <email> and her work phone number is (415)333-4021 ext 226, apparently Anye is also a trustee in the same school she works. Also we could ask on ID3D, Nicholas Talesfore (nickt@id-3d.com), who supposedly is working on the project's design, as is clearly stated on their main webpage (www.id-3d.com). I've sent them both emails asking about Anye whereabouts, I suggest you all do the same, maybe this way he will come to give us some explanation. Next to the "Post Comment" button it says "Be respectful and considerate", can't see why that should not go for Anye as well. Many of us have stuck up for you since the first sign of delay so long ago, yet here we are in July 2013 with no product, no regular updates, no rewards (for those who paid for them). Please setup a reimbursement plan soon, my $50 might not seem like a big deal to you, but it is hard earned and I hate to throw it away. Give us our money back Anye.....you've pissed off 1,373 people by ignoring us, why are you making everything worse by not posting? Do you truly feel you don't owe us weekly updates, communication, etc? The 1,373 that believed in your product and supported you, and gave you our hard earned money? You just gonna walk and not talk....? I desperately need the money, my emails have all been ignored......screwing 1,373 people isn't wise imho. Earth calling Anye.... Do you read...Over....... Anye logged into Kickstarter today, yippee. Probably his monthly view of hate mail. Shipping is mid July. What a surprise it would be to see an update next week that manufacturing was compete and Syres are on their way. Ah, wishful thinking. Last update was April 12 and I'm sure we should have had much more information by now...if LHT is still a going concern. Too bad. I still really like the idea. I found a phone number from Anye, not sure if it's active, (510) 267-4696, anyone from the US can try to call him maybe? Quick question who paid the most in this case? If you read this it is a good possibility we can make a case. maybe even a complaint against kickstarter itself? I would be willing to join in on a class action lawsuit. Or contact the US Attorney's Office in California to file a formal complaint. I'll participate in a class action, f@$k Anyé Thank you Corresponding with an attorney at the moment. People looking for alternative wrist strap should look into the one created right here on KS: the TikTok. Beware of imitations/knockoffs though. I bought three of these off of Amazon through their market place (3rd party vendors) and one ended up being a clear knock-off. I recommend spending the extra few bucks to avoid the hassle by buying directly from the manufacturer. For alternative Bluetooth options, the most popular seems to be the Kokia Tiny Bluetooth Transmitter. I was originally going to get this when I found the Syre. Ironically, it was the Syre's form factor that led me to choose it over the Kokia. Now that the design is as bulky as having the Kokia, the Syre is kind of pointless to be. The benefit of having the both the BT transmitter integrated into the wrist strap is counterbalanced by the hassle of having an obtrusive dongle-thing hanging off the strap that's not removable if you need to charge the Nano, want to use regular headphones, or a wired connection to a stereo. It's a wash at this point...oh wait, that's if the Syre actually even existed right now. I've read an article where a member from Oakland's city council, Rebecca Kaplan, supports the SYRE project for it's local origins.. so I sent her an email asking her to somehow get in touch or get us in touch with Anye, to at least give us some closure if he's skipped or what has happened.. <url>"create" a cool looking product, tell people to pledge even more before it ends ("more rewards/options") and get away with 10/20/60 /100+ k us$ and all those sitting at kickstarter don't do a thing + thousands of backers don't do a thing too - even tho they are quite near (some that are living in the area of the product creator) Unfortunately, we're learning the lesson of Angel investors and KS is a great platform inspire of these issues. That said, KS should take a loss in their fees and return something back to backers of clearly abandoned projects. And lead on investigations of fraud cases like this...pretty sure our funds have gone into a real estate investment at this stage... Unfortunately, we're learning the lesson of Angel investors and KS is a great platform inspire of these issues. That said, KS should take a loss in their fees and return something back to backers of clearly abandoned projects. And lead on investigations of fraud cases like this...pretty sure our funds have gone into a real estate investment at this stage... Corey, by "put something together to try and retrieve our funds" do you mean hiring some thugs to personally question our friend? :D Not that I want to give any ideas or anything haha Eric, In my case I'm currently using a simple silicon wristwatch adapter for the Nano, but without BT, so still hooked to the damn wired headphones for now :/ On another note, is there an alternative product any of you are using? I am in if someone wants to put something together to try and retrieve our funds. Likely the disappearance of this form factor of Nano took the air out of this project's sails. I pledged for one with a nano, so that seems really unlikely now... Well, I did support Anye at the start hoping he would act like a man and try to keep up with his responsibilities, despite the delays, but oh boy was I wrong.. the lack of response from him is absurd.. so now I'm in if you people are planning to take some legal action. Has anyone managed to find his phone number and give him a call? Or try going to his home / office? Any backers living in Oakland? Sadly we are not alone... <url>é of defrauding us, his backers. He has been difficult to reach and refuses to address those who want refunds, and has been unreachable in recent weeks, refusing to update us. Lets hope they have something useful to say. Evidently hell hath no fury like a kickstarter scorned. Anyé, it's time for an update of some sort. Keep us informed of what's next for LHT and Syre I want my $90 back, now. It's a shame we all got beat for our money. And it's a shame kickstarter allows it. But we can't blame Kickstarter. There should be a lawyer involved. And Anye needs to know, there's over a thousand people looking for him. He won't admit defeat because then he would have to give the money back. Wait another month and we will receive another BS excuse. Anye should at least admit defeat. Throwing in the towel and explaining where he went wrong would probably at this point placate some backers. But yeah I agree - it is bullsh*t that KS won't hold project creators liable. I just want my money back Its time for Kickstarter to step up. Spivey stole $133,000 and should be prosecuted. Okay this is ridiculous. I want a full refund of headphones & syre. oh Shane, such an optimist. When do we get to pick the color of our band? Easy to find if you care. Sign up for a spokeo.com account. Type in name you are looking for and the current and past address's will show up. The fax number looks iffy. I hope when people call they post the results Administrative Contact: Lion Hound Development Group, LLC Anye Spivey () +1.4157266907 Fax: +1.5555555555 2335 7th Avenue Oakland, CA 94606 US Horrible, any way of getting our money back? Probably too bz attending running festivals: 33 9023 TEAM: Bayside Communities (OPEN MIXED) Jamila Jackson,Peter Nichol,Anye Spivey,Natalia Williams LEG 1: 1:04:26 LEG 2: 1:00:57 LEG 3: 1:00:32 LEG 4: 47:06 TOTAL: 3:53:00 <url>"creator". Yes, because allowing a fraud to run away with over $133,000 is a good idea, lets all just lay down and accept that. *sarcasm* Lets just assume from now on he took the money and ran. Why post anything or login? Kickstarter got their cut and doesn't seem to care. Why would he continue the con with additional emails? The con is over - he got the money. From ProjectMinimal link- “It enables you to get a look at a product in the very early design process," said Anye Spivey, CEO of Lion Hound Technology in Oakland, Calif., which used the services of ID-3D Design to create a Bluetooth iPod nano watch case that fits on a person’s wrist so they can listen to music wirelessly while exercising. “And when you are selling an idea to investors, that is a critical component." By Steve Johnson / San Jose Mercury News Published: February 16. 2013 4:00AM PST Project Minimal that article is not longer available, care to share what it was? <url>"developing" in one of the most expensive U.S> markets?: Principal Lion Hound Development Group, LLC January 2012 – Present (1 year 6 months) San Francisco Bay Area Lion Hound Development Group, LLC is a residential/mixed use real estate development company based in the San Francisco Bay Area. Additionally we provide a comprehensive set of real estate development related consulting services such as project management, financial analysis, entitlement management and construction management. Quote: "Early Adopter Special!: Project backers at this level will receive one SYRE watch case WITH Bluetooth capability (Retail Price will be $79.95) in the color of their choice (6 final colors will be chosen by Kickstarter backers prior to release) AND one pair of high quality stereo Bluetooth headphones (Retail Value of $70). Add $10 for shipping to Canada, $15 for international shipping." Please let me have the headphones. I can let you have the rest... There we have it, Anye's third login (5 and 28 May, and 13 June) without an update. I wonder what the 6 colors will be? If Anyé were an ice cream flavor, he'd be pralines and dick. Nearly a year on, you would have to say at this point the money is gone, and seemingly, so is Anye. With the lack of honest communication and delivery, this guy is a thief and a fraud. Two months and no updates. Shame on you Anyé... Hey! Check the milestone calendar. Mid June- production begins. Hooray! This can't be inaccurate, right? I have a hunch Anye is in Costa Rica drinking a margarita..... At a minimum couldn't you at least send out the Nanos and headphones if that is all people want at this point, or do you not really even have them? I could be wrong but I thought I remembered an update where you stated you already had that inventory. easy money! Good luck with that refund, guys. Money's gone. Nothing you can do about it. Feel free to take legal action, because that'll be worth the money you spent and the value of the time that you spend coming back here every day just to make demands. Go enjoy life. There's nothing to do here anymore. To make myself clear I mean no disrespect and in all honesty I'm not even mad about the situation, just know that everyone has a breaking point especially when they feel they're being toyed with. Idk bro the more you leave us in the dark the more people are going to want refunds and doubt this whole endeavor. To be honest Anyé by not communicating with us it seems to me that you are afraid, you dug yourself into this big whole that you cant climb out of and naturally you ignore the one hand that helped you get here.....your backers. I think at this point and time you have to own up to this being a fault or if you're still striving to make your dream a reality So about that refund... why dont we just dispute with out credit card companys? Any updates? I'm not yet ready to throw in the towel on this one, but I would like to know how things are progressing and when we can expect to see some sort of tangible reward. Your request (#228467) Kickstarter Support, May 31 16:52 (EDT): Hi codicho, Thanks for writing in and bringing our attention to this project. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Kickstarter cannot issue refunds, as transactions are between you and the project creator. If a project you’ve backed raises your suspicions, please let our Trust & Safety team know by using the Report this project tool at the bottom of the project page. We review every report with care. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and a part of the Kickstarter community. Apologies again that you’ve had a bad experience -- we hope that it’s resolved soon. Best, Jennifer codicho, May 30 15:36 (EDT): Anye isn't delivering as promised. He isn't delivering on any level. I am sure you have seen the other reports, comments, complaints. Please take the action that you can to take care of either helping us obtain the promised products or refunds. Thank you I didn't ask for a refund. I want you try and contact him and see if there is any real progress. He hasn't t kept with any guidelines dates etc. Hi codicho, To message a project creator, go to the project page and click on the "contact me" link under the creator's name in the bio section (under the "Back This Project" section). Best, Jennifer Seems like Kickstarter is completely ignoring this project & so is Anye. We have all contacted him multiple times. There needs to be some way that Kickstarter can assure these problems don't happen with a project. I will be posting these comments on the Kickstarter website. Please start helping pick up the broken pieces of this project so Kickstarter is not stained. I'll take a refund too.(5) i found this... <url>"Anyé personifies the phrase "on time on budget" and brings intense focus and rigor to all that he pursues." Time to update your bio Anyé. Does anybody live in Anye's neighbourhood to check in on the status of this venture? Friends (and I'm not talking to you, Mr. Spivey), probably we'll not have any product or any money back. Kickstarter is playing the "well-we-can't-do-anything" role. So, I think we all should talk to the press about them (and trash both). For effectiveness purposes, we should elect one big site to make our statement. I'm thinking about CNET or the NYTimes. What do you think? It's been a month and a half since your last update, Anye. Time to answer your detractors. With the designated schedule and nearing the 1 year mark for the project: Below is a big picture schedule to complete and ship: Order remaining production quantity components - Completed 1-2 weeks Samples sent for ATS/FCC/EMC/Apple MFi tests –Mid May Production Begins – Mid June Shipping – Mid July Anye - Is production on point for Mid June? If not, I want a refund too. I too have reported this project. I just want my money back. The Syre is not what it claims to be. My iPod will be almost out if warranty when it MIGHT be delivered... I want my money back or I will be joining a class action. "It's official! Over 100K projects have launched on Kickstarter. Can't wait to see what comes next!" ------ Syre? I'll take a refund too.(4) Hey he logged in today! I am sure an update (additional excuses) is right around the corner. Without any updates ,for almost 2 months, and checking the calendar against his milestones; Syre is approximately two weeks away from production. Right? He hasn't even logged into Kickstarter for almost a month. :( refund doesn't look promising. really wonder if he can fulfil all refund. will it be another delaying tactic again. my first and worst backed project. I'll take a refund too.(3) I'll take a refund too. I'll take a refund, thanks i am sure there is a lawyer amongst us. if not, maybe we can try to get in touch with Neil Singh from Tom's article? Anyone know a good lawyer with class-action experience? The only lawyer I know specializes in personal injury; lets get the ball rolling. Yes! We should take further action against Anye! Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Like Andri, I too ask: How to do class action if we are from overseas? I'm in Brazil. I've just complained to Kickstarter. I just complained to Kickstarter too - don’t like the fact that there has been no updates let alone communication for more than a month. Its a principle thing - happy to partake in a class action suit too This might be a project where I have to write off the investment as Anye seems to have skipped town. Too bad, as I've stood by since I know tech projects are tough. And I've been rewarded in other cases with patience (SmartThings, Pebble, Martian Watch). Still, interesting story for anyone seriously considering filing suit in CA court. <url>–Mid May It's May 16th so the sample must be sent right? I am sure Anye just hasn't told us yet. Or more likely nothing has happened. Hooray Syre Complaint submitted already on my part, good info Bryan. Have more people considered reporting this project to kickstarter? (option at the bottom of home page for the project). perhaps if the powers that be receive enough complaints they will step in and hopefully we can get some answers on progress, or feasibility of completion, at this point. Whoa, Just read the KickStarter guidelines for what is NOT allowed: Projects cannot resell items or offer rewards not produced by the project or its creator. Projects cannot offer rewards in bulk quantities (more than 10). I know selling Apple related products is a huge obstacle in itself, but is the reward system itself going to be prohibited by Kickstarter? There really is no excuse for the delays in communication. I realize that my pledge may be gone and thats the risk taken as an investor, but there should be alot more updates if we are close to shipping. Last update said April. From an investor standpoint its looking grim. A simple "This isnt happening" or "delayed further" only takes 10 minutes. We should habe more updates on this. Please refund us our money Anye I am in Australia. Want to know how to participate as well. How to do class action if we are from overseas? I will participate in a class action, it's not about the money anymore, it's about feeling stolen from. $133,702 has gone to Anyé already less fees, so people need to stop thinking its just $100 or $150 dollars because that's all they pledged. He obviously doesn't have any intention on shipping products, he's hoping everyone will let him make off with over $130. I've asked Anyé to ship my PAID FOR iPod and headphones multiple times and have not received a response. Anyé, I don't let people steal from me, if 499 others feel the same way, we'll see you in court. Your false advertising is still posted numerous places on the Internet as well. Seriously Anye I am sure someone will eventually take you to court. Just send us the refund to cut your losses quickly. I think we should start discussing the idea of Class Action... I know some people might think its extreme, but i'd prefer to not see someone walk away with over $100,000 of other peoples money. This guy isn't going to give refunds if he can't get anything out of it, and his wording about refunding jeopardizing the overall success of the project. I said it before, and I will say it again, if people are asking for refunds, they DO NOT CARE if you sink or swim, Anyé. Personally, I'd like my money back before its squandered trying to produce anymore assets for this "Company" which is based on building a product for an outdated model of the Ipod. I do not want pictures, I do not want an apology, I want a return of my funds, because as far as I can see, you've been squandering our money thus far. What I think, is that Anyé has been burning through our cash and trying to figure out a way to make a profit AND to please us, least his reputation be ruined (more than it already is), as he can't refund us all at the current time, and he also cant deliver anything to us either, and he's too proud to admit he's failed. Either that, or hes burning through our cash for his own enjoyment somewhere... no updates for such a long time. please tell us the refund process !! Also, my heart goes out to the five poor souls who pledged $900 for the "Bluetooth Retail Package". I've been patient, but six months overdue? C'mon bud - time to come clean. I look forward to hearing how the refund process will work. Plot twist...Dennis is Anyé. Otherwise he apparently hasn't read the bizarre and ridiculous updates for this project or is just ok with someone taking his money. Again, I would like to see a picture of Anyé with the iPods and headphones he supposedly has that a lot of us have paid for. If he tracks his weight loss on numerous spreadsheets then surely he can manage to ship our items out and track them. The argument you make does not cover why everyone is "moaning." For example, the backers who gave $150 want their already created, by a different company, headphones and iPods. The people who paid the other amounts don't appear to be complaining for their money back because they need to put food on their tables. They want their money back because waiting almost a year for a product that is obsolete is ridiculous. My word of the day is apologist. As in, Why are you a SYRE apologist? Have any of you moaners and whiners ever tried a startup. It's an incredible amount of time and effort. The word of the day is PATIENCE! Would you rather receive an item that was rushed into production that doesn't work or one that is delayed that will actually work properly. If the 50, 75, or 150 is going to make or break you and you need it back that desperately then perhaps you shouldn't have spent it in the first place. I'm sure for those of us who have patiently waited we'll be quite happy with the finished product when we do EVENTUALLY receive it. I would like my refund in full as well. This is a joke and someone should file a class action against this for fraud. Benni - I don't want any answers, so make that 1372 people. But remember that time Anye posted a picture of a CES booth number that belonged to a Chinese company? Good times. ...can I have my money back already? Can you please confirm when I will receive my refund in full. 1 year, 75$ for nothing?????? anye, 1373 people want to receive "some" answers ! any ways for international customer to lodge a compliant? this is throughly a pathetic project. Thank you for stealing my money I have tried to get in touch here, on facebook and by email many times and I have yet to receive even acknowledgements of receipt of these correspondences, never mind a reply. I would like a refund of my money. This entire project has been a massive let down, from the lack of correspondence and updates, to the change of the designs and the inability to make any of the deadlines you have set. The last update was almost a month ago, and that is far too long a gap when it is clear that people are unhappy with how the project is going. The change in design goes to the fundamental function of the product. We were sold by the "sleek design" of the case. This is most certainly not true after the revised design, the product is ugly and does not achieve what it set out to do. We were sold by the promise that we would have the watch case within 4-6 months - "SYRE will make a phenomenal Christmas present ..." Every deadline made has repeatedly come and gone, with little explanation from Lionhound Technologies. Technology changes in the blink of an eye and therefore timing was so important in this project. We are still waiting on concrete deadlines for shipping. In your last update, you mentioned a number of things that has lead you to refuse to deliver the ipod/headphones that I will deal with now: a) The potential for administrative nightmare: You are aiming to be a technological consumer products company. Surely you should be doing everything in your power to keep your customers happy. How hard is it to keep track of which of your customers that you have sent the headphones and ipods to? If you do have them in your possession, then surely it is a matter of confirming their wishes via email, and recording that they have been sent the ipod/headphones once posted out. Moreover it is clear that many people are willing to cover the double cost of shipping. b) You claim that people didn't buy in to the project just because of the headphones/ipod and therefore you wont send them individually. Personally the inclusion and price of the headphones/ipod were the predominant factor in why I pledged $150. You even made a point of this in your rewards pitch, acknowledging the regular retail prices of the items. The use of the headphones and ipods are not dependent on the watch case and I wouldn't have bought into this idea without them. c) You state that delivering the items early will "send off the message that the project will not be completed, and take away from the experience that backers initially sought to have." I believe the opposite to be true. By sending off the headphones/ipods and dealing with customers who want refunds you will be showing your commitment to your customers and the project. At the moment, the inadequate responses and missed deadlines is sending off the wrong message. Furthermore, the "experience" that we initially sought. Thats long gone...this whole project has been a disappointment and at this stage refunds and delivering headphones/ipods is the only way to remedy this for many customers. I recognize that projects can and will run into difficulties, however that does not excuse your response to these problems and the lack of response to us. I have lost faith that this project will be completed and certainly not to the standard that was initially promised. For these reasons I would like a refund. Can you please confirm when I will receive my refund in full. This project has been completely mismanaged. I am really sick of this project and would simply like my iPod and headphones. Regardless of the fact that some people seem delighted to throw their money away by claiming, it may be time for those of us that care about principals and ethics to take some type of action. Anyé, all I want are the headphones and iPod I paid for. You can keep your Bluetooth adapter and watch band. Seriously this can't be that difficult. Unfortunately I now hope for a skilled legal rep to jump all over this. This project appears to be fraudulent until Anyé proves otherwise. "Notwithstanding, there is ethical and professional (in good faith) aspects to this which, depending upon your views, Anye has missed by a mile. The lack of engagement, appropriate planning, attempt to seek and respond to input, legitimacy of claims, and competence breach these. " Well said. Happy May! ...... Anyone else missing their money.......? @putney my guess would be because 95% of people are in this for $150 or less, and the majority went into the cause being okay with writing the sum off if it went pear shaped. This as you already know is obviously the risk reward aspect of crowd sourcing. There's also a few of that percentage who are seemingly happy supporting the enlightening of Anye, and believe the fluff updates (to those comments I shake my head in disbelief). Notwithstanding, there is ethical and professional (in good faith) aspects to this which, depending upon your views, Anye has missed by a mile. The lack of engagement, appropriate planning, attempt to seek and respond to input, legitimacy of claims, and competence breach these. I'm sure if someone was willing to pursue a class recourse there would be interest, but as I said for the relative small sum invested, people are probably unlikely to be too phased short of teaching Anye a lesson. Maybe he knew this all along and played us all along. As I've previously stated, I've got my investment returned through entertainment value of reading the comments and updates from Anye, so it's not all bad! Why is it only a small amount of people care about how this project is missing on all milestones? The argument that kickstarter isn't a store, does not apply to the items Anye guaranteed almost a year ago. Yet most just sit and wait for the next BS post ,that occur once a month, detailing how this project has been some sort of adventure (that we are funding). @projectminimal I got to believe you know what I mean. Any updates Anye? Anyé, in your next update please post a picture of yourself with the iPods and headphones you have already purchased but will not ship. thats the 4th projects that just lies to its backers- so you should be warned - kickstarter is getting worse with every month now... it started with camcrate, this project, ultraviolet etc... there are so many backers out there - hundreds, and even thousands of them, got their money stolen, and all these people don't even post anything about it and just wait - to get robbed again and again... wake up ! and do something "Order remaining production quantity components 1-2 weeks" the second week would be this week. Will we get an update on the completion of that milestone? Kickstarter is not a store except for instances where the project creator accepts funds for tangible, existing goods such as Bluetooth headphones and iPods. Food for thought: <url>#fail Putney- He told me. I explained that I do not own music and just use Internet radio. Early on when he realized that the Bluetooth functionality would not work with the radio I requested a refund. @roy @jacob: he also represented he was showcasing at CES in Vegas (update 14). Seems that was also debunked reading through some of the comments. @Roy Anye also posted pictures of the Syre without a Bluetooth Dongle. I thought he already had the iPods, he posted a picture a few months ago. <url>"good" products to bubble up and buy direct where I will have protection. Seems like Kickstarter is simply reaping the financial benefits and a lot of positive buzz but the ugly truth is starting to come out - one of the projects I had supported finally has made its way to Endgadget recently exposing the apparent fraud and mismanagement. More awareness will force Kickstarter to look for ways to improve the experience instead of pleading "hey that's what investing is all about, sorry buddy" Agreed. @ProjectMinimal I'm thinking the same as you are, I highly doubt Anye even has the iPods and Headphones. The fact Anye hasn't even logged on since 24th March should be ringing alarm bells for everyone! To me, if 1373 took the time and money to invest in my company, I'd be checking in daily to at least view the comments, you don't have to reply to all, but just show some interest in your own product! I'll be contacting my bank today to try to start a claim back, however I highly doubt this will be possible. Put this one down to a learning experience of never to use Kickstarter again, wait until the product has come to market. Eric - agreed. The fact Anye hasn't sent or even recently mentioned the items that were paid for by some backers (iPod, headphones) is a red flag to me. Someone truly invested in their company would have at least shipped paid-for merchandise by now. I have a feeling Anye doesn't have a dime left and likely doesn't have the iPods, headphones, adapters, or watch bands he took our funds for. @Chris - I posted this last month, and I think it might be time to get things together and start the ball rolling on it. <url>é, I already have a big disappointment among my backed projects (a nightmare called Levitatr). Please, do not be another one. Keep us informed, give us dates. Just got an awful response from Kickstarter - typical "read our T/Cs, sorry you're out of luck, we'll consider this next time this person tries to start another project, etc." Let's hope Anye comes through with refunds as he has promised. ~Chris kickstarter is getting ridiculous - more and more projects that do not deliver, do not update, ignore backers, run away with the money, scammers and no one is doing a thing about it - there are already thousand of backers that invested money and are beeing lied to like this guy is - send out the ipods now if you have them ! WTF?? Update! Agreed the money is probably gone, and we can't be sure he even has the iPods as all we have seen is a picture. Im starting to think we should all start to seek legal action against Anye. I wonder if he realizes that some of us that are being taken advantage of have very deep pockets, and would love to make an example out of this. Developement of a simple silicon strap and an off the shelf bluetooth adapter does not take this long. Further more I suspect that the money is all gone, and he is now in delay games, and hopeing we will all just go away. It's been two weeks since your last post and over 3 weeks since your last official update. Can you provide a target date of your next update, at least? The last post was suppose to provide milestone dates, and nothing was provided. I find it hard to believe that the tooling center you are using can not provide you with a timeline or at least some sort of update. Additional ideas for a post: I know refund information won't be available but hope about information about color choices? Or a rebuttal to the Engadget article? Or additional video of the watches? Or how about anything involving the project? Please any information not excuses would be welcomed Saw Anye posted this recently: "There are obviously sunk development costs associated with production though to the extent possible we will try and honor all requests and treat people in as fair a manner as possible." That is not the message I received personally in January. Anyone else receive different messages about refunds? ~Chris From EndGadget in March (<url>"Other long-delayed tech projects include the Syre, a Bluetooth wristband adapter for the now long-discontinued sixth-generation iPod nanos originally due to ship last November. A recent update from the project's creators note that "we are unable to issue refunds in advance of finishing the project, as that would jeopardize the completion of the entire endeavor" although they will look into refunds prior to shipment." I noticed it says "they will look into refunds prior to shipment" but everything Anye has stated (publicly and in private messages) is that he will issue refunds if requested prior to shipment. Anye- can you please post an update on refunds? Thanks, Chris @Robert Anhalt, A reminder from the kickstarters basic page: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. So for those like Jacob that purchased the headphones and iPods (at the least), to me it would be a reasonable person who may seek to exercise the above provision. I would probably argue that the good faith effort is lacking. Anyone see the engadget.com article reference to SYRE? @robert I fully understand how Kickstarter works. However in this particular case products have been purchased with the money that I, and a lot of others, pledged. The iPods are sitting in Anye's office, he has posted an image of them. So yes, we did buy something! I'm completely fine with waiting for the Syre, I get that most Kickstarter projects take longer than the Est. delivery time. However Anye needs to send out the products that he is holding to the people have purchased them. Hey Bevis - No one bought anything. They invested in a company with the incentive of a "reward" if the company was successful in bringing a product to production and the risk of losing that money if the company was not successful. That's how investing works. Kickstarter isn't a store. You don't purchase anything. You're effectively a shareholder, without the equity. No one is in control of the situation. Good luck, everyone. Anye, hurry up and send out the IPods and Headphones already! I've been patient and even offered to pay for the extra shipping but no more. You are holding on to goods that people have bought with their hard earned money, this is not right. Either come up with a solution quick or send me a refund for the extra $100 I pledged for those goods. send out the ipods already - that would be meaningful to us ! Hi Anyé, I just have a quick question for you. Why is it that the pictures of the Syre in your updates still vary greatly from those on the product's official page at <url>"full updates", please copy your responses to the Updates section for those who don't check the comments thinking that's where you intend on communicating with everyone. Thanks for the update Anye! Anye, am waiting for the update as well. Stop beating around the bush already. Layout timelines and milestones. This is beyond ridiculous. "My next update will be more action oriented as we attempt to make the best of the current situation" "I expect to post that update on either Tuesday or Wednesday of next week." Anyé Spivey This post can't be your action oriented update? Right? I think just like Julian Wakim. I think Anye should have had more dialogue with supporters and listen to their suggestions. I myself have made ​​some suggestions in the comments but I have not received a response. I want to say to Anye that supporters are of paramount importance! -first: they contribute money to the project, and secondly: they are a standard to which to refer in order to understand the attractiveness and success of the product. I still have yet to receive a product or any contact from these guys.... Anyone else backers ($99) and have the same problem? Anye there were no details as to why things are not going wrong other than parts etc. We need some action on your part, please. Send us headphones nanos whatever it maybe. @ericbahor: Which year are you thinking? :-) In any case, agreed there were a lot of words and not much actually said by Anye. If this were any of my staff, I'd send them away to understand milestones, dates and explore the risks and assumptions further - and probably performance manage them out of the organization - if not already. I'm finding this project more entertaining and pathetic, and I am generally checking this page for a laugh more than anything. Anye, one of many learnings for you. Go take a look at the getstact wine rack project. They're nearly as past due as you on the project; their backers have per capita 'invested' more money and should be asking tough questions - but why aren't they? Transparency my dear friend! Backers have been informed, and expectations made clear throughout, so the backers are happy, the company reputation in tact, and getstact won't be tainted with negative comments for eternity by virtue of Internet history. Another worthless update. I am definitely disappointed with the time frame, lack of communication and form of the product, but regardless I still want it and think it is better than other available BT options for that generation of iPod. I think it's naive that those requesting refunds (I love how everyone is requesting them now like Anye's keeping track...) think that Anye will even have money to refund out when this product finally starts shipping. I'd be willing to bet that if this product makes it to production, costs will have far exceeded the amount raised. Should we start a betting pool as to when this will really ship? I'll take July 4th. "Though our desire is not to hold on to anyone's money any longer than necessary, all funds raised in this project have been committed to delivering the final product. There are fixed costs in engineering, design and tooling that are the same if we make 1 unit or 1 million units. Consequently we are unable to issue refunds in advance of finishing the project, as that would jeopardize the completion of the entire endeavor" Quite personally, I think that the people demanding refunds could not care less if your whole company flounders, after the false advertising, product changes, and lack of communication from you. I don't know about anyone else, but I expect my full $150 sooner, rather than after you have made or attempted to make profits off of this product. I think it should tell you something if enough people want their money back that you might not complete the project; one, that your product obviously is not attractive to all of your consumers, and two, that you should not have been making product promises without a proper disclaimer or notification that the prototype was subject to drastic changes. As ProjectLimited has said "You should probably remove all the false advertising elsewhere on the Internet before a skilled lawyer takes a few hours and makes a couple grand suing you. You can't claim to be offering a product when it's fake and is a copy of a design that's been around for years". Seriously you need to wake up and start thinking on how to refund us! Delivery is easy over due and no where in sight. Once again another upsetting pointless update from you. I think that it is unjust that you are continuing to hold the peoples money who want a refund to continue to fund your project. Either cut your losses refund the money to people who want it and the money you profited from the other backers should cover the refunds. Or completely refund every single person's money and relaunched this project. I would say that a vast majority of people here have a sour taste in their mouth which leads to a negative start for your company. Please consider your decisions as a lot of us are unhappy and unsatisfied with your results. @anye, your latest update is patronising us because we are choosing to opt-out because your timeframe and product have differed greatly from when we backed your product... @Anye, I want a refund. Thanks! and btw it's monday, well in Holland it's tuesday by now.. @Anye If the Nano's can't be returned can you ship them asap? I would also like to get the headset I pledged when it's possible. I hope it won't take as long for you to ship as Pebble does. This user's account has been deleted. Anyé, so you solicited money from consumers by misleading us? I was under the reasonable impression, based on your marketing and product claims, we were funding something completely diffferent. Your claim was to remove the Bluetooth dongle and integrate it into the watchband; clearly that's not what you are providing in return for our funding. You should probably remove all the false advertising elsewhere on the Internet before a skilled lawyer takes a few hours and makes a couple grand suing you. You can't claim to be offering a product when it's fake and is a copy of a design that's been around for years. If I'm wrong prove it by shipping the product as you are currently advertising. Did anyone see the article in WSJ less than a month ago and it showed that the design for this was outsourced? WTF Anye, SPEAK !!!! I'd like a refund, this is a joke. This is unfortunate because this will probably sway a lot of people away from backing any other legit kickstarter projects in the future... please respond with refund as soon as possible. Totally agree with @Sam Heckyll Robinson. And I would like a refund. I would like a refund too. @Anye a little more communicationand people would be a lil happier @Anye, this is beyond a joke.. way over delivery schedule way different to the original design, bigger than expected. I also would like a refund. I already have a nano that will fit the Syre, so this doesn't affect me, but one concern that has not been raised: those who will be securing a nano via this KS project have already lost about 7 months on their warranty coverage. I believe that it is calculated from the date of purchase from Apple (except in the case of commercial resellers). If not received by Sept 2013, new owners may be ineligible for AppleCare as well... I would like a refund, who do I contact for this? @ Chodicho, in response to his Feb 19th comment : <url>"I'm sorry but I'm under a lot of pressure right now" would do. As long as I knew that we are not being ignored. We've all been very patient, and provided our goodwill in the form of pledge support, nearly doubling the original goal. Development snags and redesigns are to be expected, but we deserve to know more about the time frame. Without further clarification, you are actually hurting your own reputation even further. @Anye, I want a refund. Thanks! Anyé personifies the phrase "on time on budget" -Syre creators bio HA! This guy is the worst Can we do a survey as to how many of us want a refund... Please type the continue number and name... Thanks 1. Dino Niu Unfortunately, I'd like a refund too. Details of it would be appreciated. Anyé , I would like refund of my $50. The redesign is not something I can live with. Hey so I was just wondering, if the Syre is planned to be released this coming Spring what kind of advertisement have you guys done for it aside from Kickstarter? I mean as awesome/not awesome Syre will be its not like its going to sell itself <url>ÚN ESPERA LA INFORMACIÓN REEMBOLSO / TOUJOURS EN ATTENTE SUR L'INFORMATION DE REMBOURSEMENT. / 仍然在等待退款信息。 Syre, it would be better to start collecting details of people who want to do a refund so that you can forecast your actual demand. Don't come up with 360deg changes at the end like what you did to the design. thanx Anyé's silence is really annoying... He said a few weeks ago he will be more present but it seems like he already forgotten that... @Dario I am not really interested in this project anymore.. if you send me $150, you can have my spot. Also @ Anye if any of the $75 pledges or $150 pledges drop out and you have extra I will gladly pick it up for a friend. I still see the potential for this as a great workout companion. I understand with any product design sometimes things change.(I know I work in product design) And I also understand we are not purchasing a product we are investing in a project. Sometimes investments pay off sometimes they do not. Although, I am not crazy about the new design I know I will receive what my investment promised me, a Syre Bluetooth watch case and the additional bonuses of my investment. So with that being said those who want a refund fine you are entitled to one if you choose so. To those wanting to start a "lawsuit" I urge you to go ahead. But, you have to remember if Anye has already agreed to refund(even though he really didn't have to) and he is still going to to produce the product which holds up his side of the agreement so what are you really suing for? @Anye, I want a refund. Thanks! @Anye, I want a refund. Thanks! Anye... just wondering where is that video you promised few weeks ago?! @Anye, I want a refund. Thanks! @Anye I do not want a refund, but I would like to have my Nano & Bluetooth headset asap, so I can use them! I know a lot of people will not agree with me, but I don't think Kickstarter is just like another webshop where a product is displayed and will be delivered at the date that is given when you purchase it. I believe it is an investment in a person/company/vision. sometimes the pruduct will be delivered on time & will be better than you expected & other times it will be delayed and/or less than you expected. It is as the Kickstarter FAQ says: when you back a project you trust the creator to make a good product with your money. If they don't succeed it hurts their reputation, only if there is no product delivered at all you can sue the creator otherwise it was just a bad investment and you can ask for a refund. (at least that is how I interpret it.) When I will receive Syre, i will use it for running or other sports, but I will not wear it as a watch in daily life. It was my intention, but with this form factor I won't. (I will use my Pebble for this). I hope that you (Anye) make good progress in the project and I will receive my Syre package soon! The thing that set this apart from other blue tooth solutions is how small the transmitter was in the video. There are existing solutions that cost less than the Syre and are the same size, albeit not integrated into a watchband. I am sorely disappointed in the direction this project has gone in. I was under the impression that you had a cost effective way to make the transmitter smaller. I want a refund on my two Syres. I already have two TikTok watchbands that I was going to replace with the Syres, but now I think I'll get those Kokia transmitters that snap in and out. That way, if I want to use regular headphones, I won't have to have an ugly, bulky transmitter dangling from my watch band. In the intro video to Kickstarter you said you wanted to make a watch that didn't "Distort the look of the design". what happen to my SYRE?! Tom - you confirmed two things. 1) correctly chosen words get attention and gain responses 2) you wouldn't pay $200 for a Syre either. Anye - I would rather wait until its done as you originally advertised but still think you should send us the iPods and headphones as a goodwill to those that backed you at those reward levels until the mystical Syre is shipped. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. it's Feb now. what is the progress ? when will you deliver ? @Minimal, how is your lawsuit going? Tom - send me $200 and you can have my Syre. I'm a backer of the "I Don't Have a Nano" package ($199) and do see the links to similar products on Amazon - the revised design is larger than the original and similar to, but not exactly like, products that exist today. I jump on the message boards every now and then to read the updates and comments - but these days it is mostly for comic relief. If $199 is going to break you financially, and you are this emotionally invested in the final result, you probably shouldn't be on Kickstarter. (To be fair, the Pebble comments wall put this one to shame back in the heyday of "Where is my watch, you sobs?" of Nov/Dec last year. Probably a result of the significantly larger backer pool, but the class action and the "Eric is stealing our money" comments were hilarious.) I'm looking forward to getting my Nano and Syre (my guess would be an April delivery), revised design and all. And I look forward to receiving all the other Kickstarter and Indiegogo project perks that I've backed, all from people who are doing exciting things (Pebble, PlantLink, Instacube, Forsake shoes, etc.). And if I didn't have the money to live with a bad investment, I wouldn't be a backer on Kickstarter. Fellow backers, we need to somehow push Anye to at least send the nanos and headphones to those of us that bought them. At this point I could care less about the "watch" and adapter and I want this terrible experience to be over with. If anyone knows or is a lawyer we should begin looking at a class action lawsuit to get this "want-repreneur" to at least respond with items he already has in his possession. Makes me sick to know this crook is still thinking we want to participate in his bait and switch scheme. "The board will then be placed by hand into the final watch case housing." "By integrating the Bluetooth attachment into the watch case and removing the need for cumbersome wired headphones and unsightly adapters." That was the whole point was it not ? You could have asked for more money, made us vote for stopping the product and get a refund(for what was left) or have use pay a few $ more(10$) to use more expensive components/complex design solution. But all we get is "no comments". Please update us on this project. What are you thoughts on our responses are you trying for a redesign or have you given up ? Just let us know. I for one know that backing a kickstarte project can be risky, so be it. But do talk to us. The less you talk the larger the chance is for total failure. Anye Better get someone on retainer, your garbage product is already on the market so not sure what innovation we really Kickstarted. Your promise to backers was an elegant simple watch but you're trying to use our money to create a product that already exists. Many already know this but I'm posting the link for those that don't. <url>"Does the radical design difference constitute a breach of contract?" @Robert Anhalt.... Stop mis-informing people..... Anye is directly responsible for this project, and that means he is obligated to refund backers if he can't fulfill the "reward" which was promised.... If the backers are shafted he would be legally liable and I'm sure a U.S. court will agree.... And there are more than enough perturbed backers to start a class action lawsuit already......Frankly, the drastic changes from the original prototype to what the current prototype looks like, I believe may constitute a breach of contract already......The fact is we funded this project for a specific reward, which has completely changed now, becoming a completely different device from what was originally pictured and described...All backers were deceived into believing the project merely needed additional financial backing to bring the project to full production, but it ended up being that the prototype was never completed and approved by the plausible manufacture......I can't say for definite, but I get the feeling the the original design was not approved by the FCC due to the close proximity to the wrist with a Bluetooth radio.... But instead of Anye describing his reasons and motivations for vastly changing the design, he just did it and we are expected to just deal with it...... That is not how to run a business and like I said before, I believe this is a breach of our agreement.....We didn't fund Anye to start a business,.. We specifically funded the project on the basis that SYRE, based on it's original aesthetics and description would become a reality, which is now not happening.....He can't just hold onto our money with idea of creating a business for himself outside of the original product, that is not the agreement all the backers committed to....Essentially we are buying a specific product, that's it.....backers aren't investors.....and courts agree......Now onto the deception which hasn't been addressed by Anye......WHY WERE WE SHOWN SYRE ON THE TABLE OF A CES BOOTH THAT DIDN'T BELONG TO ANYE?????? ...was this deliberate?...this must be addressed....Did Anye is attempted to deceive us, which could constitute fraud..... With all due respect, what is the refund policy, and how do we request one. I respect the venture, however the design and eta have been drastically over shot. @ Robert, Please read this article; <url>"entitled" to. You didn't buy anything. This isn't a store. You invested in a company. Their product may come out differently, or it may not come out at all. The risk is yours. Change or Refund... Look I'm sorry to whinge but Mr Spivey is either taking us all for a ride or is just completely arrogant. He lied to us in relation to the design of the watch stating the purpose of his design would be no dongle, which he has purposely included into his design. I'm sure most of u would have pulled the plug and asked for refunds if he had of given us option to continue or stop development once he knew that it would not be possible to continue his original design. He has ignored all comments from backers in relation to the design changes and treated his backers like scum. I am a reasonable person and no the difficulties he must be facing however to treat us the way he has gives me no further confidence in crowfunding. Mr Spivey your so called design is no more than a piece of plastic with a Bluetooth dongle protruding distastefully from one side. Thanks for the update about the headphones. What happened to the button design? Thought they were going on the side? Do they even work in the current position? When is the estimated shipping date? Anye - what's up with the BT headphones? Have they been purchased? Well I am happy I am not supporting a big-box store like Wal-mart or Best Buy, but this was still developed in China. I don't know how the labor or environmental conditions of the place where it will be developed, but that would be an important factor in keeping my faith & I hope for other backers also. Anye, You said in the video "All of the nano watches that I found were flawed... they required me to plug a bluetooth adapter into the dataport that distorted the look of the design." THE WHOLE POINT of the Syre was that it didn't have this dongle. There are already dongles out there. I understand sometimes the initial product design cannot be followed in its entirety, but here you completely disregarded the point of the entire project. This is like saying you will create a pair of waterproof headphones, and then saying near the end of design, "Well, we couldn't make the headphones waterproof without a few more years and customized parts, but we do have this normal pair of headphones we will ship." Seriously Disappointed. Got an idea how to make it a little better with minimal changes and effort. You could try to put the bluetooth adapter on the left side of the watch so the additional space it requires goes along the arm and we have less risks to hook in somewhere... As we know the nano has the possibility to spin the display so that's not a problem with the port. I think this is a good compromise to the disappointing big / not integrated bluetooth adapter. Please tell us what you think about going into a second round prototyping, maybe that results in less refunds. Can just be good for saving this project from a disaster. Hi Anye, I, too, saw the pictures and too bad that its not what I had signed up for. I would appreciate a refund, and sorry to hear that many are not pleased with the final prototype. Best of luck to you, and let us know how you'd like to refund us. Thanks. Nice article Ivan! I hope Anye realizes that is it a "project by Anye Spivey" instead of an "project by Lionhound tech" :) Good find Ivan, I just read the same article.....Anye should also read this because if this project goes bust he could find himself in a very similar position. A good read: <url>"As-Seen-On-TV" gizmos. It is clearly that the FEP is not what proposed earlier, please consider to redesign or refund... @Robert Anhalt.... It's actually a good thing..It's called FEEDBACK ...It's how a company can anticipate the consuming public's response to their product when or if it hits the marketplace......After the drastic revision of the design, it can only be expected, and Anye has even recognized that by addressing it in one of his updates......I only expect more people to seek refunds because the new design is neither innovative, nor is it stylish.....It will have a huge uphill climb to be profitable if it ever makes it to full production, but that is just my opinion, .....but from the other responses here, I am definitely not alone in my thinking. ... By the way, I am also requesting a formal refund as well. Thank you! Why do people keep asking for refunds? No one is entitled to a refund per Kickstarter rules. Anye, I too would like a refund. I have a bluetooth dongle that I purchased with Bluebird headphones. The proposed watch eliminated the dongle. What you have actually created is substantially different and I would not have backed this project if the initial proposal was anything similar to the final production model. ATTENTION BACKERS. Regarding the CES Booth pictures; some people mentioned that the booth exhibitor's information was covered by the FEP of the watch. According to CES, booth 3406 (the pictured booth number) was occupied by: Dream Cheeky Booth: LVCC, North Hall - 3406 1207 Peninsula Centre, 67 Mody Road Tsim Sha Tsui East 000000 Hong Kong (China) <url>é, As a fellow entrepreneur, I understand the production aspects of a business can be trying at times but your latest photos are down right mediocre at best. I plan on sticking with this Kick starter project until the end and will hope for the best. I do want you understand one thing... YOU have single handedly destroyed any thoughts of funding future KickStarter projects let alone any Lion hound products. Good luck and I expect to hear more from you soon. Camilo A. Romero Kaizoku Clothing Co. I am looking for refund too..the watch is too bulky and ugly.. I have bought a nano just for this and it seems to be wasted in my drawer for the rest of the time, If anyone has any news of the refund, please tell everyone. Totally disappointed in my first backed KS which made me wait so long and turn out totally different. Saw the new pictures, still a nano with a giant Bluetooth adapter. Unfortunate because it'll make me think twice about backing any other product in the future He clearly doesn't give a $hit about us, we trusted this guy with our hard earned money and he can't even give us the simple respect of a reply to our concerns. I've invested in $10 products that give a reply back within minutes... Realize he gets email notifications when we ask questions, HE IS PURPOSEFULLY IGNORING US! Makes me sick. I am getting tired of the lack of updates and response from Anye. I too would like a refund! Jeroen... Getting the media involve (CNN tech, Engadget, Gizmodo...) will be a good start before heading down the lawsuit path. He posted about refunds somewhere early in this thread. If anyone hears back from him please let everyone know, I have been asking for a refund for a couple months now I've emaild kickstarter *again*. I think Anye already has the funds, so i think the only option to get it back is through a law suit. I'm also verry dissappointed in the (lack) of actions of Kickstarter.com, Am I the only one in this? I am requesting a refund as the images you posted from CES are vastly different from the product I backed in this Kickstarter. Please advice how you will be processing refunds. I do not doubt the fact that Anye has been very active in this project and I think he will be the first to want to use the best Syre. I unfortunately like many other supporters are disappointed by the pictures of the prototype because it does not meet expectations, it is too different from the photos of the initial Syre bluetooth module that has a less intrusive and well integrated into the strap. I personally believe that if the final product will be equal to this prototype, I will ask refund your money. I think there is still room for improvement but I do not know if there is time available, however, I believe that Anye would keep us better informed on the progress of the project and he would have realized that the solution chosen would not like and maybe he could change road. We are also waiting for the promised video, so you can see better the product. i dont like new model either as other backers...so luv to have refund...n looks he dosent really care no response frm him....isnt there any way we can inform kickstarters n they inquiry about it to him... For those of us that got the headset combo, will you be showing us what we are getting..these should also be in stock now right? I think we have waited long enough, and this is the result?!? a few weeks ago, i already requested a refund, or an seperate shipping of the items. however with no result. Is anyone from Oakland? i think we should look a lawyer and start an class-action lawsuit angainst the fraudulent activities of Lionhound and/or Anye. gr PS. Maybe someone can pay him a visit? <url>"most backers' hope is crushed" since there are 1373 backers and very few of us post to the page. I would tend to think that most backers are more or less happy to let their stake play out (as I am myself). Still, I don't think that anyone can deny that the latest version of Syre would appear to be a lot less visually appealing than the prototype/concept. Yea, I am about ready to request a refund also, unless this model can be backtracked. I have seen other technology projects on Kickstarter result much better. Sorry to say it Anye, but as I stated earlier this is a tough lesson in Chinese production. Moreover, I am wondering how many engineers from different companies that you spoke with before choosing the company that sounds like turned the tables on you. If they showed that they could engineer what you showed us in the original video, or another company stated they could produce a bluetooth nano watch as integrated & sleek as the original video showed I personally would hold them too it, or refunded all backers their money if not possible. I thought the other night that if earlier on you could have given us a vote (or if you still can) whether we want to put more $ into developing a true ipod nano watch or refund. However, I think most backers hope is somewhat crushed at this moment that this will happen through your company. I hope you are not losing sleep over it. Hi Anyè. Like others here, I am not thrilled about the design shown to us as the FEP. It seems to go against everything the SYRE was designed to be, now that it is both bulky and requires an unsightly adapter. I am sure that others would agree that as consumers/backers it is more desirable to get a final product closer to the initial design than to get the current FEP sooner. I sincerely hope that you do listen to the backers and take extra time to create a product closer to your original vision that captivated us all.. I am disappoint. Obviously this design was to be expected from the pictures of the white prototype BT piece, but alas, I hoped for more. We've taken a lot of money and reinvented the 'bluetooth' wheel here when clearly some combo of an existing bluetooth dongle and an ipod nano could have just been incorporated into an enlarged sweat resistant watch case. From the low quality pictures it doesn't even look like there are button protrusions for controlling the ipod when it is in the watch. This is not innovation Anye. How come no one has asked if the BT headphones have already been purchased? I want to see pictures of those. I'd like to request a refund. Please message me to confirm you've received this request. Thanks, Chris I have supported a number of projects here - and between delays and being suddenly told I'm getting a blatantly cobbled-together-from-already-available-parts piece of crap, this is easily the worst product I've seen. Delays are...fine, I guess, that seems to be de facto for Kickstarter projects. But being told I will receive a product that I wouldn't have paid $10 for in return for my investment is pretty unacceptable. In the product video it specifically states around 50 sec mark that a Bluetooth adapter is a poor design choice. This product was supposed to solve that specific design problem. Now we see the "prototype" and it is exactly an iPod nano with a Bluetooth adapter sticking out of it. I fully understand the challenges it takes to manufacture and design tech products, but we are essentially purchasing a completely different item than what was promised, at least from what I gather. It's hard not to ask for a refund on this apparently inferior product, especially considering the prototype pictures were from CES in Vegas, which is not a cheap show to attend or have a booth at. Hi Anye, I have looked at your previous update on 12/6 in more detail. I did not appreciate until last night the magnitude of the design change until I saw the FEP. The band in the video on the homepage looked to be functional. Is this not the case? Thanks, Patrick Not looking good for this one. Ok, this "prototype" looks NOTHING like the one feature on the home page of this project. If I wanted a big dongle sticking out of the case then I would have purchased one of the many that are out there. I wanted one with an elegant solution, not another one that looks just like all the other ugly ones... very frustrated and I want a refund as well, so I can purchase something that already exists... Prototype looks very ugly. I am very frustrated.... I'd love to receive and test an engineering prototype. Please let us know if there will be an application process for that and how we can get involved. This user's account has been deleted. The apple watch will probably be out before this lol Hoping for a new update before the weekend! Still want to see the full CAD representation of the current design... Even if it does change, it will give a good idea of what the Syre has transformed into. C'mon Anye!! :-D Keep working hard Anye! Happy New Year! Happy to be a tester of the prototype The Syre is quickly becoming obsolete. If the rumours of an apple watch are true, it's not looking good.... <url>"Shipping/Fulfillment – Staying Connected With Your Backers" <url>é have done a good job so far! I am willing to test prototype. I hope everything works out. Thanks for the continuing work on this. I would also like to be a tester! Please give us an update with a picture of the full prototype (even if it is just a CAD representation). It's been a while. Update? which exact nano ipods (size/color etc) will we get ? Are the iPod nanos refurbished or are they brand new? Yea, it sort of looks like we will be ending up with a bluetooth transmitter the same size as Kokkia <url>é, I want to be a tester for SYRE. Please let me know what I should do to confirm this "position" of an early adopter. Please be considerate. Lol... we all understand the delays... but a proper backer update should have been sent out, so I can be accountable to my friend who paid for this. Now my friend thinks I am skipping... Please can other backers stop clamouring for refunds as though Kickstarter is a shop. Tech products on Kickstarter always entail an element of risk and while Anye has not given as regular an update as we might like, he has obviously not just skipped with the money. This project has been beset with enough difficulties to explain the delay, and I've backed simpler projects with much longer delays that have delivered. On November 20th, I requested to see a picture of the 366 iPod Nano's that he supposedly has in his possession based on the number of backers and backing level, he responded on November 21st and didn't answer my question. Anye, if you would share a picture of the 366 Nano's that you have in your possession, we would appreciate it or please send us all a refund. You commenters are a joke. Let me ask you all this - Did you think Anye had a working prototype of the Syre when you placed your backing? If so, then you are an idiot. Just because he had a watch band with a nano in it doesn't mean it did anything besides hold the nano... Before I go on the rest of my diatribe, I will agree with you all that Anye needs to be more transparent and should be answering comments on a daily basis. However, to think that he had a working prototype, and that this project would have delivered on time is complete naivety. Most Kickstarter projects deliver late, and to expect someone with very little manufacturing experience of a consumer electronics good to deliver on time is ludicrous. The original expected delivery date as stated by Anye was approximately 4-6 after funding in August. That puts the delivery in the between Nov - January timeframe. So technically delivering in Spring is only a possible two month delay. Now don't get me wrong, I want this product as much as the next person, but I understood the risk of entering this contract with the challenges facing this project as well as with the history of KS projects. I still want to see an updated version of the watch band - I think it is going to look significantly different and larger than the original concept, based upon Anye's picture of the concept bluetooth board. Nobody has any patience these days... I for one, am staying optimistic that the product does make it to delivery as I personally prefer the old nano to the new one (Although who knows...the final Syre project might end up being the size of a new nano strapped to your wrist.) The new iPod Nano has a 2.5-inch widescreen Multi-Touch display with builtin Bluetooth 4.0 for $150. That's the same amount that I pledge for. I received a pair of Bluetooth headphones for my birthday & if we don't start receiving real updates soon I will also request a refund & use it to buy me the new nano! I do not want ambiguity in your responses, be punctual and honest. Anye, I honestly want your product and i am willing to wait but you are not giving everyone a detailed updated at a consistent base; which would relieve our anxieties, especially when we have been patient. Please do so, or i am jumping on the refund wagon pretty soon. I am expecting 2 updates within a week. Sadly to say- I am also looking for a refund This user's account has been deleted. i will be interested to get a refund. Has been waiting for so long and not sure how long more to wait for it. From a highly anticipated item to something that I think is redundant. So you are saying that there will be an opportunity to get a refund later down the line? Just not at the moment correct? Also, it would be helpful if you showed us a picture of the 366 iPod Nano's that you should have in your possession based on the pledges received. Does anyone else agree with me on that one? Is it possible to get a refund from this project? Everything promised hasn't been delivered to date. I also like Ruben Cadena are interested in listening to the radio and hooking me your question. You can listen to the radio with Syre? would be great in Bluetooth mode. thanks Sorry for missing the discussion earlier but i did want to make one suggestion. Since the NANO supports radio, is there anyway you can incorporate a headphone jack with internal antenna for reception. Anye can you or anyone at the live meeting post notes from it? Or, lay out the main points discussed for those who could not make the impromtu session. When will the next one be? If you cannot send them out early or make you intended deadline, should not an additional item be sent out to those who backed in compensation? I'm thinking purely from my own business as a carpenter, it looks very, very bad if you do not meet a deadline, and then do not make moves to compensate them for the extra time you took to get your product out. -Eric Thanks for the clarification. I am disappointed; but since I liked the concept and I am not a shark, I won't make it any harder for you IMHO. Appreciate your updates; but after all, the prospect of the final product really needs to stand out and meet our expectation. Happy early Thanksgiving. @Anyé Shipping out product that people already paid for (and expected in November) is not challenging - it's called the right thing to do! As well as the BT head phones I wonder for backers getting a iPod Nano, would you consider ship out the Nano earlier in the mean time? Thanks. Does the extended time to get to production damper your hopes of selling additional units? By Spring, the new form factor Nano will be around 9 months old. I see little value in time boxing 1 hour of your time when there are more than enough questions in the comments already that you could respond to. It's great you're trying to put in effort to engage with your customer-base. Could you give us an estimate on when you think you'll be able to send out the finished Syre product? Anyé, thanks for the update, I can understand my fellow backers' concern about the lack of communication and it's a great thing that you are willing to improve on this to avoid further speculation about the project's status, thank you for that. About the "live-chat" idea, I think it's kinda difficult since not all backers are from US, there are people like me on different timezones who wouldn't be online at this time. In my opinion, just having your presence here in the comments more frequently would already be enough to keep us "calm". Best regards, André Mr. Spivey needs to open the line of communication, whatever his reason is for not logging onto kickerstarter is inexcusable. Without communication you are allowing all of us backers think the worst of you. As an entrepreneur it's your obligation to come online and deal with us. Think about it, if you close the doors to your shop and advised us that the product we were waiting for is not available and walk away, while customers are still waiting outside. People are going to go crazy, especially when you sold us on a "dream product". I think I speak for everyone here, that what you are doing is completely unethical. To think in this day and age where internet access is abundantly available anywhere. You can't find 5 minutes of your day to give us an update or anything? Wow, I am speechless. I will give you the benefit of the doubt that you are extremely busy, and haven't had the chance to answer all our questions, since the last update. Sincerely, Thavy This user's account has been deleted. Well looks like Jeroen is right, Anye has gone with $133,702... What can we do? Can Kickstarted do something in this case? Can we sue him? 20 reply's ago i was willing to pay extra for the separate shipment now I'm just looking how to minimize the loss.... Face it, Anye is gone and so is the money. He hasn't being online after 1st November, Kickstarter replies to mail email with the message "we contacted him" 3 days ago and yet still no reply from Anye Thanks Anye and thank Kickstarter…. This user's account has been deleted. That was my thinking. Shipping everything to all the backers individually adds up fast. Especially because he'll be taking a hit from giving us the "discounted" price anyways. I knew the risk of delay, and have no problem with the product coming out in the spring. However, I would like to know how much shipping cost for the headphones and ipod. I'm willing to shell out a few bucks if it's possible to get those before the end of the year. But, if that's not a possibility, no worries. Keep up the work Anyé! I concur! There is no manufacturing when it comes to the iPod Nanos which we know were already purchased and are sitting around an office somewhere. How does that impact the Apple Warranty? Did the warranty go into effect when they were purchased? What if I have a problem with mine when I finally get it "in the spring"? Some of actually by AppleCare extended warranties. Will we still be able to do that with this significant time delay? Then, of course, there are the headphones. An existing item which can be purchased if they haven't been already. I know it will mean double shipping everyone - we all get that. It may mean some issues with people moving before the watch is shipped. We are talking about approximately 366 iPods with headphones. If you we're the consumer, what would you want the seller to do? I'm wondering how can Anye be so silent with such a growing concern in the last ten messages... If feels like we are all screwed up :( Agree also "extra product" must be send out what ever the result is I completely agree with the comments below; for those of us who should be getting an Ipod and headphones, why haven't those been sent out as of yet? Thank you very much Jeroen. I totally agree with you, the "extra-prducts" must be guaranteed. FYI, Just send an email to Kickstarter Dear Sir/Madam I backed a project a time ago called "Meet SYRE". On October the 25th there was an update of the Project inventor saying he needs more time for production. There are a lot of pledges form backers who ordered an iPod Nano next to the main product, and the project host claims he already bought the products for the backer. We haven't heard from Anye (project inventor) after October 25th. I understand that there are risks attached to a product that isn't fully developed yet. Not for the part of the "extra products" Could you please inform me what Kickstarter is going to do. Kind regards Same question than Jeroen here, is there anything we can do if Mr Spivey decided to moved out to live quietly with our money? Last login Nov. 01, 2012 not really promissing as well.... 2 weeks without news Anye, you’re not really making me happy here..... What will Kickstarter do if Anye decided to moved out to live quietly with our money? I would like to get my money back, but from 25.10.12 Anye Spivey doesn`t reply to my messages... I can appreciate that entrepreneurial and new product launches are not easy. That I can forgive. What I'm having a very difficult time swallowing is the profound silence that began with the news shared on October 25th. I'm sure you are busy moving this project forward -- I give you the benefit of doubt here. But the lack of response to recent posts is unacceptable. This may seem harsh, but you have lost some of my trust; over communication with respect to status, updated milestones, and more transparency will go a long way to earn it back. With respect. I agree with Jeroen Burks, tshark11, and elijah. I think as a testament of good faith you should send us backers who invested in the pledge level that includes the ipod nano and bluetooth headphones. Same as Elijah and tshark11 I'm a bit shocked to read that you just figured out that you have to comply to standards... Also the fact that you altered the Bluetooth chip doesn’t really convince me that this project will finish very well… Please send me my iPod and Bluetooth ears, the Syre will come when it is ready. Regards, Jeroen Same as Elijah, would it be possible to go ahead and send out the Nanos and bluetooth headphones to those backers who invested at levels that included those items? This would be seen as a gesture of good faith toward us, your investors, considering this substantial delay (from November to sometime in the spring). This user's account has been deleted. So if we don't already own a 6th gen nano and didn't select the backing option that comes with one, are we screwed? I doubt there's much of a market for used Nano's but I supposed you can find anything on ebay or craigslist. The latest update doesn't address this rather big snafu at all. This user's account has been deleted. Hope everything is going well! I keep checking for updates like a giddy schoolgirl. @Anye, are we on schedule? Been a while since our last update. Bob Berman just get the 6th generation ipod nano while supplies last. Hi Anye, just wondering what the current ETA is so I know when to pull the trigger on purchasing a 6th gen Nano. Thanks! Hi I moved and would like to change the shipping address. Thanks. This user's account has been deleted. any updates on what bluetooth headphones you will most likely be using? I too have forgot to pay the $10.00 Canadian shipping option. If I remember correctly, I don't even recall seeing one when I paid through amazon. i have the same problem..realised i have not pay the 15 dollar for international shipping. any idea. can send me a message? thanx Any project updates? I'm in Spain and I would like to know, when requested color, size and delivery date? I'm going to have to get a iPod nano this pay day. Darn apple changing the design so much. wrist watch idea was the best. P.S I'm looking to buy a green ipod nano so make that one of the colours lol Never mind, didn't read the email good... I thought we would get an email to select the color four our nano, instead we get this.... I hope anye understands that he has to buy the "but i don't have a Nano" pledge really fast. Whats if anye doesn't stock the 6th gen nano? For me its ok cause i'm alread have. And get the new nano. But for who don't have is a trouble. I think anye must comment about this issue Anye seems like a smart guy to me. I would be surprised if he wasn't purchasing up all the iPod nanos he could find over the last few months in case of a scenario like this. I imagine he would have to refund money to those backers who funded an amount that received a nano as part of the package. That would drastically cut down the amount pledged, possibly to below the goal amount. I hope he hedged his bets as I am one of those backers and still want the syre/nano combo. Anye seems like a smart guy to me. I would be surprised if he wasn't purchasing up all the iPod nanos he could find over the last few months in case of a scenario like this. I imagine he would have to refund money to those backers who funded an amount that received a nano as part of the package. That would drastically cut down the amount pledged, possibly to below the goal amount. I hope he hedged his bets as I am one of those backers and still want the syre/nano combo. Wow, today's Apple announcement was a blow to this project. I can't even fathom all the mixed emotions that Anyé is going through right now. I am sure we should be getting a 'State of the Union' type of update in the near future. The big problem is that you cannot buy the G6 Nano from Apple any more. They have already updated their site with the new (big) Nano. Im with Tom and Brian here. I dont wanna look like a football player with the plays strapped to my forarm while i curl dumbells or jog around the block. The watch idea goes out the window with the newst Nano. Anye, keep going. Im still extremely happy with the original plan. I feel very sorry for the many third-party manufacturers (not just the ones associated with this project) who took the trouble to develop watch formats for the nano and now find that even going back to the drawing-board can't help them. There seemed to be genuine consumer interest in the Nano/watch idea, so I can only assume that Apple is killing the market with a view to doing its own watch down the line. Obviously we'll be needing some sort of update on this Kickstarter, as I imagine the pledges were based assuming a full manufacturing run, which seems untenable now. Personally, I'd still be delighted to take delivery of the pledge as originally framed, but will Apple even licence the connector at this point? I'm with Brian, the new nano is a bad move. I wouldn't be interested in the Syre if I wanted to look like a goofball with a candy bar strapped to my bicep while I run. The square shape of the original is perfect size for a watch and the Syre adds the Bluetooth Apple should have included from the start! Can't wait for it to arrive. The new nano has got nothing on the last gen. Plus with Syre the last gen nano will rock! Btw, not asking for a refund now, just wondering if you're still planning on going through with the project with the 6th gen and exactly as it was previously laid out, and if not, do we get a choice in what changes you make New iPod Nano looks too big for any watch. I like the one I'm getting here with my watch soooooo much better! Sooo.... iPod nano 7 with BT....what's your plan now? Any chance of refunds? this month new ipod nano launching, how about that ? This user's account has been deleted. Hi .... Could I change my Address? because I just accidentally move to other place? crap i'm the same a 'ericbear'! i forgot to add international fee on payment, what now? I have just mentioned that i forgot to add the international fee on payment, what can i do now? (i'm a early bird of kickstarter and paypal) @Patrick: I also backed on current specs, and I think it will be great. I also think I read that the Nano might get bigger and I for certain don't want a bigger Nano. I have read that the new nano will be longer, so it may not be as easy to wear on your wrist as a watch. I backed Syre based on the current specs, but we shall see. I do realize that SYRE is based on the current iPod Nano (how could it be otherwise), I'm just a little curious on what Apple will introduce in the next Nano. I kind of hope Apple don't add BT, so that SYRE still will be "unique" with that. But I really don't care since I was the FIRST backer and I choose the $150 alternative with a Nano ;) Other rumors indicate that the new Nano will get a camera, but I strongly doubt that... It's all speculations (until September 12, or some other date ;) Anyway I think SYRE will be a great product and really hope to enjoy it. The link do mention an announcement of a new iPod Nano: "The iPad mini will be announced at the same September 12 event, as will the new iPod nano" » Casper Just wonder, is the bottom side of the ipod housing completely closed? By that I mean can sweat from your wrist get into the iPod from the bottom side of the ipod housing (like every other nano watch strap)? HELP! I increased my pledge to the $150 level to include the Nano. Today I received a notice of my $50 pledge being charged. Is it possible to correct this? I asked during the process and was instructed what to do and I did it. I hope it is not late. Joseph Capezza phone 813-716-1218 @Jason, if/when Apple releases new models, the old models have typically been sold off at a discount as clearance items (<url>"But I don't have a Nano" reward levels. Of course Anye probably has also secured special pricing (volume discounts, etc) because otherwise the $129 + $79 would eat up all but $1 of the $199 pledge, with nothing covering the cost of production for the Syre. Actually there is a rumor about a possible new Nano being announced at the same time as the expected iPhone 5 and iPad Mini. I think what Casper was wondering about is whether this project will actually be able to secure Nanos as part of their packages if the Nano is indeed changed and doesn't fit this product. Casper, that link doesn't refer to the Nano. There is mention of the changed dock connector, but that's mainly speculation. This project is specifically aimed at providing a strap for the existing Nano, so no, I don't suppose that it will guarantee to fit some speculative device to be launched by Apple in the future. If the rumor is true, the next version of iPod Nano will be announced (and released) in September 12 (21). Will it have Bluetooth? Will Apple change size? Will SYRE be "too late"? <url>é's comments regarding the buttons - I personally like them right on the top of the Syre, but I could be convinced otherwise!!! I am a little confused though at how they will actually function since it doesn't look like there's any provision for them to be wired through the 30 pin dock connector (which I assume is necessary for them to function, unless they get connected through the 3.5 mm jack once the syre is connected). I guess moving the buttons to the side might allow for them to mechanically actuate the buttons on the side of the nano. does anyone know if those buttons are actually functional? or for show?? @pb i understand what you mean. im also waiting to see more of the watch in action (the way the Bluetooth will function, performance, etc) im willing to wait a few more days before i consider withdrawing Hi folks, I'll be dropping my pledge as an early backer for the "but i don't have a nano" package. Been waiting for more information, and hopefully photos, of the watch hoping to get a glimpse of it for my own peace of mind. I'm not trying to say anything fishy is going on here, just that I don't have the $150 to casually pledge. I'm certain there's someone who will gladly grab the vacancy. Sorry about this Anyé. Still, I'll keep a little pledge so I get to watch this unfold and get first dibs when the watch makes its retail market debut. Best to the team. This user's account has been deleted. What kind of bluetooth earphones are you supplying with the 75$ backing? I was wondering how light they were or the design of them? Are they comparable to any that are on the market now? This user's account has been deleted. Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! Is there any way that we can actually choose our color? I am in the Military and would really only be able to wear the black one while in uniform. On another note, I have been looking for one of these for years! So glad someone took the initiative to build one! I had just started looking for a bluetooth transmitter for my nano when I found your project, For about the same cost as a naked dongle you are offering a superior silicone band with the transmitter built in. I am excited to sponsor such an elegant design. I'd like to express my interest in making the radio work with your design. I realize it will be a challenge. Perhaps a coil-loaded antenna could be part of the band. Hoping inspiration strikes! Anyway, keep up the good work. Can't wait for November (for once!) Will you be taking in consideration the change of the iPod from a 30 pin connector to a a19 pin connector? Sorry if you addressed this before...I looked and did not see anything relater to it. Any functionality of connecting to the iPhone? This is such a beautiful watch :) great work I can't wait to get my hands on it ! No updates? We have passed the mark for quite some time, it feels rather quite for this kickstarter project. I was wondering if it works with all Bluetooth devices such as speakers ,headsets and ear buds and also i was wondering if the radio function with still work knowing that it uses the cord as an antenna for regular corded headgear Does it work with an bluetooth GPS and Heartrate monitor? That would make the SYRE even more awesome! Same her but for 2x the early "but i don't have an nano" Same question than Cheri Galvan here :) Thanks for the update..if we were an early backer...will you honor getting two of the $75. Early bird orders with SYRE and Bluetooth headphones...or do I need to add the $99. To an order? Thanks very much! Cheri G. Hell yeah! Congratulations Anyé, now it's going to be an anxious waiting! :D I use my iPod Nano for running but hate the headphone cord. This is exactly what I didn't know I was looking for. Finally, I'm proud to receive one. :) Thank you very much for your awesome project :) i am a blogger who scout around for interesting products with relate to tech/gadget lifestyle. in the midst of featuring your product, i ended up pledging for one. excellent. ha. thanks! and this is the first time i wish time would past faster. Congratulation Anyé! Can't wait for mine :) Congratulazioni Anté! Sono ansioso di ricevere il syre :) (blue+ ipod blue) Obiettivo raggiunto!!! Anch'io non vedo l'ora di ottenere il mio Syre !!!! Congratulazioni Anyé !!! Awesome, goal reached! can't wait to get mine congrats Anyé!!! YAY! Can't wait for mine! Make my watch in black please! Cool, just need to wait the product to be completed and delivered to us. Goal reached!!!! Cant wait. this looks awesome especially since i broke my iPod nano bluetooth adapter at the gym, and that was 50 bucks for an adapter that stuck out and looked weird. Can't wait to get this!!! Question: does Syre works with the Nike + iPod kit?? Without knowing the apps in the iPod nano, isn't there any that can connect to a heartbeat belt? For that I would point out that Bluetooth v.4.0 is a must, as I use my iPhone 4S to hook up with the heartbeat sensor and provide not only a better measurement of burn calories but to keep an eye in my heart beat for preventing it to enter in arrhythmia. For those who use, Is there any way to have a heartbeat belt connected with an app in iPod nano? Almost there! Finally, my new gym buddy. It will be so much easier to control my music without having a brick on my arm or a cord running down my back ripping my ears apart. This is a great idea and can not wait to get my hands on it. Apple is supposed to be working on a new dock connector for the new iPhone. I am concerned about the compatibility of this new dock connector with the Syre, given that Apple will most likely release this shortly after the Syre is released. What are your plans to ensure compatibility of Syre with this upcoming connector? How will the buttons on the nano be accessible through the band since it looks like they aren't lined up with the buttons on the band? forgive me but I have not yet found a way to choose the color, you could tell me how? If it is enough to write here, I would prefer both the blue and the Syre that the ipod nano Can we have the same over the ear earphones as shown in the video instead? Yea, I have to agree. This is such an obvious assessory for the ipod nano. I can't believe it took this long. Also by a person who enjoy apple products. I wonder what's apple is doing about this. I am with you Mr. Spivey. I can't wait to get my syre. I also vote for black as aband color. Finally a realistic Bluetooth iPod Nano watch band..... great work!..... BTW, I vote for Black as a band color. Can't wait till this becomes a reality. i agree with christian, this sounds "too good" ... can you explain more ? just all the limited rewards together will get you to your funding goal - is that the point-get there fast? thx Hi Anyé, Some pics from the inner workings would be great! I also wonder how cost-efficient / profitable f.e. "But I don't have a Nano" Early Bird package" is? $129 + $79.95 + $70 = 278,95$ compared to 150$ or 199$. I also guess you won't get any discount from apple for the Nano and 129$ compared to 149$ wouldn't be a money -losing? Don't get me wrong, I backed for the early bird package, but it sounds too good to be true. Just some nagging doubts. Awesome project anyway! Greetz from Germany I want to know too what will happen if Apple releases a new iPod with built-in bluetooth. I also want to know if the SYRE from the photos are black or gray, because I wish it were darker to match the iPod's screen bezel. Is there any chance for a metallic strap, not for exercise. What happen if apple releases a new nano? i have not bought mine(opted for the $75 version), will it still work? Thanx Great job on answering everyones questions quickly. You're managing this very well. I look forward to getting my hands on one of these. Hi Anyé - great project idea. Why didn't somebody think of this sooner? I just got rid of my Lunatik band because it was hopeless trying to exercise with the headphone cord tethered to my wrist. I hope the project gets off the ground and look forward to seeing the finished product. If you end up needing a distributor in Australia let me know ;) Hey Anye, The Outdoor Technology Bluetooth Tags is not available anymore, do you plan to replace them by this headset? <url>é Spivey - AUTHOR of the project - tell us about technologies you're using and show us the inner parts of the case (at least how it looks like without nano!) We all know, that you will not be liable to the customers after project would be funded, so it would be better to be honest with us. Thanks. I'd up my pledge to $150 if I knew what type of BT headphones you include. Need to be earbuds to fit with bike helmet. Speaking of which .... consider making a handlebar mount for cyclists and an extension wristband for boarders/skiers (so it can do on outside of jacket). Do you know style of Bluetooth headphones you've opted for ($150 pledge)? The video seems to show an over the ear and earbud style ones, but I don''t know if the offering is either of those. I know for me an ideal offering would be something I can have in my pocket and pull them out when I need them (so a case included, or them hardy enough that they don't get damaged in that type of situation). What colour nano do you think you'll opt for for the $150 pledge? The SYRE seems to cover the entire nano (no colour showing), but I don't know if you are planning on just buying all gun metal ones, silver, orange, blue or pink (not red as it's Apple Store exclusive). What type of headphones will be sent out with the SYRE? Can u do 2 pledges? I have got the $75 one and also want the $40 one, the system doesn't seem to let me make 2. Thanks. btw for 150$ pledge am i getting the latest gen iPod nano? Great idea! What version of Bluetooth will the band be using? Love love love love it....... Awesome idea, Awesome project!!!!!!!