i wish i could have my $10 back, its lunch time and im hungry I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Dear project creator, I would like to invoke my legal rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use for a $85 refund: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please provide a refund for my pledge amount. Hello scammers, I wanted to thank you because your bad action push me to become a good and thrusty game developer. Have a bad day! Yo Sam. It's been 5 years. This game coming out or what? I'm glad I only wasted $10 on this. Can't believe four poor souls paid $200... So... yeah. Anyone have ANYTHING news-wise? What happened to Kickstarter's efforts to get in touch? Completely forgot about this project as well, since I rely on the emails from Updates. Looks like my 25 dollars was wasted. Not sure why I expected anything different. Project like these absolutely ruin Kickstarter's reputation. Not sure why they don't take these things seriously. Probably nothing unfortunately. I have tried contacting him on facebook (<url>´t expect to get one either. I have also tried contacting people I believe is his family but no luck. I realise this game most likely won´t see the light of day which is sad because it was a really good idea that could have become an awesome game =/ So what now??? In 2013 I first registered on Kickstarter especially to support this project. And now... just pure silence. Sad. Wery sad. Demo level is still awfull, sometimes I play it. Really, Sam, if you don't want to work on this game - you could, for example, give all game sources to internet and somebody ELSE coud finish your work. Try finding him online or thru Facebook. I think too but the problem is to find the guy, this coward. I'm really disappointed because during the campaign he seemed to be devoted to the game and now he is just another guy who runs with the money. What I just want is an explanation from him and maybe the last build he made or the code source to continue the project. We should sue. @Junaid Hussain, Did you ever have any luck contacting Amazon Payments? I'm upswt that I'm out $100. But honestly, I'm even more upset that the game didn't get made. I'm in my final year of my masters in mobile game programming, and it's sad to see things like this happen that can potentially harm future developers. For shame, dude. Admit you got in over your head so we can all move on. I suggest you contact Amazon Payments directly, find your transaction ID in your payments account and contact Amazon Payments to get your refund. I haven;t yet, but I only just submitted an official complaint. Good luck guys, don't let him run off with your money, and don't let Amazon get away with a such a stupid policy, they should be held responsible if this thief can't be I tried to contact his family but none have responded. They're all a pack of criminals. What's going on with this? I mean I'm not even that mad that he didn't follow through. I'm just mad that he got away with it because the project was relatively small compared to others. Crap like this should be getting more coverage in the gaming media. I don't know if he should be blacklisted or whatever, but I think his future potential employers or patrons should know what he's done. Yes it's really a shame to not have an apology or even a message. For me this guy is a coward, I can't accept the fact that he goes on kickstarter, get the money and run with it like a thief. Happily the other projects I backed are more serious than this one and I get something from them not like this fake person. So bye guys, I think it's dead, now we have to go on other projects which are worked. I am mad. Not even an apology from this guy. THAT is why I don't forgive him. I hope that 8k lasted you Sam, because I won't rest till I get a refund. Not because I need it, but I don't like to get ripped off. I'm not mad or anything. Just really disappointed. The demo Sam had for Moon Rift was really awesome. Just wish he had finished it. It was fun for what it was. Forsaken Fortress got over 120k and all the ppl on there seem to be apologists just accepting that the dev didn't just blow the money. I haven't posted until now cause I had almost completely forgotten about it till I went through some old emails and remembered I had given this sap 10 of my hard earned dollars. Have you ever search Sam Hutcher on google? This guy was given so much free publicity and press from every game development magazine on the ruddy planet, had reddit doing exclusive interviews, AND had all of us give over 8000 dollars. EIGHT THOUSAND! In terms of theft, that's a federal felony of Grand Larceny! Actually, over EIGHT times the amount for grand larceny. If something had happened to the cad I could understand. But the fact that people have tried to contact him and his relatives and they're all covering for him makes that completely untrue. Shame on you, Sam. You're a total schmuck. May all your future endeavors suck as much as this one did. nice idea mousewings, but probably too little too late this forum will soon close, and we will all lose touch, thus, no more moonrift, no more comments, no refunds, and therefore just silence sadly. Take care guys, watch out for potential scams like this, especially when they start taking short cuts in development like using premade anims etc. C'est la vie. Made an entry at Kickscammed: <url>#faq_41860 Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Anyone wishing to take this further, do have a leg to stand on if they feel it necessary Xander: Great thinking! I have tried reaching Sam and his relatives but with no success. Lets hope the KS team has better luck... It says he hasn't logged into KS since November.....doesn't look good, guys. Thanks! I hope they could reach him and bring some news about the game because I really liked this project. If anybody was thinking about opening a ticket, rest assured - I went ahead and did it. Unfortunately I didn't get a super, information filled or enthusiastic response. What I got from Kickstarter Support: Xander, Thanks for writing in. I can understand your frustration with this project and apologize that backing Moon Rift has been less than satisfactory. I've made a note on Sam's account about fulfillment issues and will reach to him on my end as well. I'm hoping to once again open the lines of communication between Sam and backers of this project. In doing so, I'll encourage him to post an update for backers as well as be more communicative going forth as to the status of this game. Best, Alfie There we go. We'll see what happens. That e-mail was on 4-15-14. I think he could say at least something because he went on kickstarter to make a community he made it and he doesn't warn us about the development. With 8.000 $ we can do a good game maybe not at the release of the first version but with work and time we can upgrade it. Now I will be careful when I will pledge for a campaign. ok so like i guess he got away with it - only 506 backers, no ones going to make a fuss about this not being made, right? Well wait and see is a funny thing to say, seeing as it's been 5 months of silence since his last official update. I even remember him suggesting taking shortcuts, as the funding wasn't enough to provide original animations and it went from 2.5d to 2d or something. He's made a lot of compromises, I only backed it for 10 bucks though, so I don't really care. But add those 10s and more up and ti comes to over 8k as per the page total. Where that money went is anyone's guess, where the game is is even more of a question I liked answered. Makes me lose faith in KS projects like this I hope too but put a commentary on the page kickstarter takes 5 seconds and I think it will reassure and get everything clear. I hope he upgrades the game and wait to finish the game to give an update. I don´t think he took the money and ran. We got som good, substantial updates before this silence. If he ran he would have done so earlier. I have tried to get in touch with people I believe are his relatives on facebook just to see if something has happened to him but with no success. At this point i believe Sam has either run out of money due to feature creep (the added co.op, new randomizing of stages etc), fallen ill or gotten badly injured. Communication is key and I hope to hear from him soon but it is starting to look like this project won´t see the light of day unfortunately. I hope that if he is out of money he will come out and admit that and just give a plan for how salvage this. I know that if the game is finished it will be great but we will just have to wait and see what happens. I can't help but feel he took our money and ran. Well, not going to lie. I'm losing a lot of faith in this project. Any kind of update would've been nice even if it was "Hey guys I'm still alive". Hello! So we don't have news since a couple of months, I have a question Are you still alive? I will wanted some fresh news about your project because I spent moneys in it and I will know where goes the project. When do you plan to launch it or just know What are the feature you make during this silence of 3+ months. So I hope you will answer and give sign of life. Thanks I have tried getting ahold of Sam through here, the moon rift homepage and I have even sent a friend request on facebook. Might try to send a direct message on facebook but judging from his posts there he don't seem to bevery active there. But I still have hopes that this game will be finished. It would be awesome on the Ouya =) Think Kickstarter would have more contact info? Kinda tempted on emailing them to see if they contact Sam... Hey buddy, hope you're still alive.. Hope to hear from you soon :) I must say that I am starting to get genuinely worried. Both about the project and Sam. It´s almost been 2½ months since we last heard anything. Hopefully we will hear something sone =) Sam where art thou? Been quite a while now since the last update. Hope we can get som kind of update before christmas even if it is just a "Yup, still working hard!". And I dont mind if the game is delayed a few more months as long as you are communicating about the delays. Keep it up, I know the wait will be worth and I am sure you will se this through and release an awesome game! Hi! I guess (and hope) you ahve been busy working on the game but it is just over 6 weeks since the last update and it would be nice to know how things are going and what route you chose in regards to animations and characters. <url>"Russia as a meme":). Something like - vodka, matreshka, balalayka, suptnik (russian word for "satellite") etc. This can be wery funny and crazy enough. Of course if you will see that it much to game setting and "has reason":). Will be waiting for project updates. Already reading your dev log:). Super excited for this project now, can't wait...and I'm pre ordering an Ouya today! quick suggestion/question: The kickstarter guns we get, would it be possible to find better more powerful ones like the rest of the weapons..that way they never go useless. I thought it would be pretty sweet :D Official moon rock? Wow. Uber. There's always MR2: Jupiter Ascendant... Earth warriors launch a counter offensive on the alien menace. But can humanity prevail against an enemy waiting for them? Raise your stones, warriors! We battle for the cyclopean mysteries of the cosmos! (>O<)/ Official moon rock (pumice for light shipping)! It worked for Shovel Knight (-_^) Any plans for the final day push? Well done, Sam! :) I read in your update a while back that people complain about the explosion effects. I actually quite like the way they look. You plan on keeping them right? (^_-) No accounting for excitement causing silly errors, though! Go team! (^_^) Awesome news! And I'll definitely check out the forum! I love telling story, in group! (As for the grammar mistakes, I can help! I've been teaching English for 10 years. You mentioned once having to pour through code...) Are there NPCs to run into in MR? The signs are cool, but the storyline definitely begs some odd fellows. Would be funny to see a zen NPC that only sits in one spot on the mission levels blasting out ninja stars. Or a huge, lumbering fellow hunter that never seems to leave the village (sub boss later?). Or a mysterious girl that busts in to help you on occasion when you're swarmed with enemies... @Eric: True. I really want to put a demo up, because the game is so fun to play. But I'm just worried about haters freaking out over lack of (or use of placeholder) sound, and the fact that we haven't had our polishing time yet (obviously: that's why we are doing the kickstarter). @Frogdice Something to consider, from a writer/reviewer's perspective: If there's a playable demo, even if the sound assets aren't in it yet, it still gives writers like me something about which we can post some first impressions. ;) Thanks Sam. I'll keep that in mind. Grats on funding! :) Ok, I better get my tail back to Dungeon of Elements and see what else I can do to keep generating buzz! :) @Sam: Did you have the demo available from the beginning? Or did you add it during the campaign? If you added it during, what effect happened after you added it? Please make sure to make it iOS combustible with iOS 5. For some of of us iOS 6 is a burden and a battery killer. Cheers. @sam nice demo, fun game! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Question for Sam and other backers: How big was the demo in helping you make your decision? We're trying to decide if we should offer a demo on our project (Dungeon of Elements - RPG dungeon crawler with Dr. Mario/Tetris combat), but since we don't have music or sound right now, and we haven't finished the polishing, I don't want someone to get the wrong impression about the game. We could release a demo right now if we wanted, but I don't know how important or valuable that is to people. So, first off just wanted to say, this looks awesome. I became a backer before even watching the video or playing the demo. After playing the demo, however, i will say a few things. The Ability is way overpowered. The ability to 2 shot pretty much anything seems to take away from the gun part of the game, not sure if the touch damage part is even needed, or at least lower the amount of Ability you have. Not sure if this was talked about, just didn't want to page through 120 comments. Otherwise, awesome game, and can't wait to play the full version... It was certainly funky! Anyway, I've noticed that when I duck I cannot change facing when touching A or D. I know that I can shoot in any direction, but for a bit of polish, you know? (^_^) Question: New to PC control pad gaming and can't get my shiny new USB pad to do anything properly. The character remains ducked, I push up to jump... it's weird! Suggestions? Agreed. When you're at the final stretch at polishing, just be sure to add lots of hats and headgears! One of my favorite iOS game company is called RocketCat Games and all their games are infamous for having a crapload of unlockable headgears and hats in the game. I agree @Sam! Only spend the precious time in improving the game. If you can and have time, make strong visuals, good music and perfect gameplay...what can we ask more if we're already given a piece of art? :P @Sam You are just giving me more and more reasons to like you =) Really glad that I get to be a part of this =) Keep up the good work! @Krister No stress, it was mentioned in the comments in Update #5. :) @Eric Must have missed that bit of information so thats good to know =) @Sam Big big congrats!! I know you will make this game the best it can =) By the way, any chance you will be adding stretch goals now that the game is funded? =) Congratulations on the goal being reached! Really looking forward to the final version of the game, if the demo is anything to go by! This game is awesome so far, and it can only get better!! :D Congrats with the funding! If I'm pledging at the $15 level, do I get everything at the $13 level, or is it still the $10 level? I don't mind increasing my pledge to $18 to get all three versions of the game, just let me know. HEY! nice looking game cant wait to play it! MikeB sent me and he showed one thing that was an issue for him and it is an issue for me too and thats the jumping. there shoucl certainly be a lower jump like a light tap hop and a long hold bound kinda thing. your game your call but that would certainly make things better in game for me at least. Either way congrats on the successful funding!! Grats getting funded mate! Kudos on getting this funded, Sam! Looking forward to following your every move over the next few months as you develop it! *creepy stare* (But seriously, congrats!) Keep spreading the word. We are going to get this to $7k+! Yes!! Done! Congrats you all! We made it! @Krister Waara Yeah, that's a known AI bug; they're not supposed to be able to shoot you from so far offscreen. Also, huzzah! It's funded! :D Tried the demo and it is awesome!! =D One thing that I found though was that it feels too zoomed in. Don't know if it is a resolution thing or if it is just designed that way. I felt that I got shot from 1.5 or 2 screens away since the AI can "see" farther than I can. But that is just my opinion =) And yay, funded! I upped my pledge with a dollar to get this to $6000 (stood at $5999 when I started to write this =D ) @BlastYoBoots You probably will like it! :) Just $24 to go (as of this post) before it's funded! I'm donating $10 just for the concept alone, can't try the demo until I get home for the day. Might up my contribution even more if I love the demo version! Just got a chance to play the demo. Didn't really check for any glitches, grammatical errors, etc. I do know that I really enjoyed the game though! Donated $10 because I'm tight on cash, working on my own projects. I love this game and can't wait for the full release! Mannn almost there! Hey Sam, wanted to give you a heads up: I got a weapon in the demo that was a "Peircing" Shotgun (I don't remember the weapon type, but that is how piercing was spelled in the gun's name). Love the demo. Just a random suggestion, feel free to ignore it. But anyway my gut tells me a hardcore/rougelike mode and a endless dungeon/tower mode would both serve this game well. Or make the two one in the same. One life to get as far as you can. Anyway just a suggestion. I am sure you have a lot on your plate as it is. Hooray for the boxed game! Thank you thank you @sam!! Question: For the scrolling for weapons, could it scroll up and down by type of weapon, and then left and right to see the weapons for each type? Then we might select our favorite weapons to stick "at the top" of each type, and maybe hot key them... Some things I'd like to bring up: 1) The demo crosshair can be a bit hard to see at times on the snow level. 2) Are there different variations in the enemy besides just weapons they carry? In Borderlands and Resident Evil Revelations, you can run into variations of enemies where they are strong or faster for example than their normal counterparts. 3) Is Playstation Vita a possible platform for this game? I'd love something mobile... but with physical buttons too. And the Vita is becoming a popular platform for indie games. Unity on Playstation: <url>"Kickin It" kickstarter spotlight video series. Spreading the word as best I can :-) <url>"name a weapon tier", since the guns are so randomly generated what are the possibilities of me even seeing the gun i named? @Sam Not sure if you saw this yet, but Moon Rift got covered in an Indie Showcase posted last night: <url>"baddies"...their names, any special abilities? I look forward to it, Sam. :) Hey Sam, How will we know when the demo is out? 2nd, how will we access it? @Sam Sounds awesome! I kinda knew that multiplayer was a pipe dream but it never hurts to ask =) Looking forward to trying out the demo =D I can't wait for the demo! When it is going to be released? @Sam Hi! I backed this game because it looks totally awesome and wicked fun and I just had a few quick questions (and my pledge will not change with negative answers ;) ) 1: How long will the story be (approximately)? 2: Will there be a some kind of new game plus (replay with gear and skills intact but higher difficulty level)? 3: Will there be any multiplayer, for example same screen VS (4 player battles would be awesome!)? Keep up the good work and can't wait to see this on the OUYA =D Whoo! Thank you very much. :D Btw, I love the music tracks on the front page. Very catchy! @Sam So there's no way to get IOS+Android+PC? I don't have an Ouya, so I was just wondering. Hey Sam! This game looks awesome! It kind of reminds me of a Star Ocean game mixed with Borderlands. I LOVE IT! Just wondering though, the one picture on the home page, with all the weapon elements/powers? Is that all of them at the moment? The reason being, I was hoping you could go a little crazy with it! You know, add a weapon that turns enemies into cute, big eyed puppies or something. Random effects added to the weapons would be amazing. If you have time to add a couple, I have a CRAP ton of ideas! :D Nice project, Sam! I look forward to trying out your demo. I have a question about the $13 tier: is it only mobile/desktop/ouya? Or could it be used to get both ios and android, plus a pc copy? Thanks. :) Random level generation seems like the coolest idea. Are you considering multiple playable characters? A female choice for MC would be rad. Im looking forward to playing the demo, The game looks awesome. Is there a certain pledge we have to have to get access to the demo? You had me at the drooling, staring monolith. Not having seen MR in full, I can't help but feel a Gunstar Heroes vibe. Looks like a great game! I'm quite the sucker for rouge likes and pixel art, and this has some really wonderful art. Thanks man keep it up! If you don't mind me asking, did you have any inspiration for the game/making games in general? That's awesome man. The art looks outstanding. It's almost giving me a fez feeling to it. And would love to try out that demo. By the way I love the way this game is looking, and I think that if people that cover this stuff saw it, they'd be all over it. Is this a strict 1 man project? Hey man, I just got the beta and I was wondering when we might get access. You might also want to consider advertising on the multiple different indie channels on youtube, it always seems to work out. really looking forward to the game man, keep up the good work! This user's account has been deleted. Retro style 8/16 bit? I'm in! Love the intro...that moon exploding..weird :P That's great, thanks! Will there be a backer-only forum after the campaign, so that ideas might be consolidated and discussed a little more readily? This user's account has been deleted. This looks fantastic. Will there be a leveling up type system? I always enjoy games where your character evolves. I'm always curious as to what it will look like next. I'd love to see a game where randomly configured fuzed characters are used. Great style and art work! Have some $$$. Love the random guns and levels, this definitely looks like my kind of game. I had a couple questions though: Will there be controller support for the PC version? Are you trying to get the game on Steam and if so, can I get a copy there? (Tired of getting games elsewhere only to have "elsewhere" disappear a few years later.) Can you do an update with all the different properties that might be found on the guns? Or some more shots of the menus, character sheets, item descriptions? (This is a question I ask of almost every advertised game I see, if only in my head. ...I can't be the only one wanting to see more under-the-hood info on upcoming games, can I?) Are you still working on the weapon effects? Any planned publicity coming up? Ask some sites/streamers to help you out. I found this buried on the page and almost spit coffee on my screen. More people should see this. Anyway, this looks awesome and I can't wait to play it. Here's to being able to eat and work on your dream! Game looks FUN. You had me once you froze time and smashed enemies into each other. Needs an under water level due to moon "rifting". Looking forward the watching it progress. Keep the updates coming. Good Luck! First comment, go me! I really love the look of this game! 2d in a 3d kid of way and the way the bullets and effects look are really really eye catching, something I consider as a massive plus to replay value. Also the prospect of randomly generated guns is always something that I can't pass up. Keep it up Sam! Best of luck!