Love my Morning Head caps! Very convenient when I work out at night and shower when i get home and don't need to reshower in the morning before heading out to work. Good job. Glad I backed the project. like some other backers i too am impressed with how fast i received the product! can't wait until i have the chance to use one. i may gift a couple of them to a friend! Hi Max, I haven't yet received my Morning Head, but I live in Shanghai, so I expect a delay of a couple of weeks. Looking forward to receiving it. I could have used it yesterday ;-) Likin' the product! It looks pretty funky, but nobody but my girlfriend sees that, and EVERYONE will see my hair. Congratulations on a successful kickstarter! (Quick note- in your advertisement it shows "5 for $25"- unless of course, the youtube trolls have found it as well) I received mine about 5 or 6 days ago. Have not yet used it, but just wanted to say amazing job on getting them out so incredibly fast! jus received my morning head in the mail today with a "morning head" sticker on the envelope. My room mate thought it was a sex toy lol.. Gonna use one hat for washing my hair & the other one to grow weed! Imma gonna be the high guy with nice smelling hair! TESTIFY! Congrats on the successful funding! This is a product that all guys will need ;-) You should get these into the hands of the Jackthreads or Thrillist guys! I can't wait until my caps ship. Best idea ever IMO! Again, excellent idea. This will certainly help with my, "hit the snooze 15 times and run late to work" habit. Best of luck! This is a great idea. I backed it because I've definitely been stuck underneath the faucet in a hurry, before a meeting or classes. Threw in an extra $2 with my pledge for an awesome idea and a video that made me chuckle. Max, this looks like a great idea. Can't wait to try those when they're delivered. Excellent idea! I usually have resorted to splashing water everywhere and setting a towel on my head to fix up the cowlicks. Out of curiosity, what is the retail price these will go for on your website? Do you think you will turn to sell these on Amazon as well? I'm sure setting up some sort of "subscribe and save" option will be popular : ) Wonderful Idea Max, Count me in! I back this project without a reward because it has been over a decade since I wet my hair in the sink in the morning. Strangely, a few days later, the electricity went out in the morning so I had to wet my hair before going to work. Last weekend, when I was skiing I could have used the morning head after taking my cap off since the right side of my hair was sticking out. I am going to increase my pledge to get one. Excellent idea! This sounds to good to be true, and usually I would be dubious but I just have to see if this will actually work. If/when this does come off i know a few people that will likely like the idea will it be possible to order more once your kick-start is finished? Also how do you know where to ship to? (oh and this is my first kick-start pledge you actually got me to sign up :-D ) 2$ from me just for the morninghead joke, made me laugh out loud :D Was worth a shot :P Any chance of an extra cap for everyone as an overfunding reward? :P Checked out the video. Very funny! I can see the television commercials already. From past experience, morning head has always had the opposite hair result. I would back at a higher level but I without a hat, my hair has an adverse reaction to water (unruly curls). Good luck with the endeavor! Brice... you need to watch the video! I had to back this just so I could ask how anyone could have thought this was a good name. Morning head? Does that not bring anything else to mind?? Perhaps it is a clever association but I reckon it was unintentional. Max, what a great idea! I'm having a 'hat day' today, and Morning Head may have given me a chance to look presentable without the hat! As a fellow engineer and former MA resident (grew up in Quincy), I'm proud to support your project. I look forward to seeing more interesting products from you in the future. Cheers! Max, not Mark. Sorry! Great idea and marketing Mark. Supported! Ok im in! thanks for making the international postage actualy affordable and reasonable unlike so many other projects on here! good luck! I forgot the $5,- for international, how do I make it up? Love the video! I just want the sticker. The idea was great. The video pitch sold me. Max, great idea, looking forward to trying it out. Yesss no more unpleasant water dripping down my neck when I wake up late (every morning) You have no idea how much this is going to increase the quality of my mornings and my life. Best $10 I've ever spent.