I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or can not fulfill" I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. Glenn I doubt we are getting a refund. This dude committed a felony of grand theft. But no lawyers I have spoken too will deal with it due to it being on Kickstarter. I just hope he sleeps well knowing he stole money from people. The wild thing is, one lawyer did say since KS did take their share. Even with the bylines or whatever they are called. They are accountable as well and an accomplice to this crime. I don’t know I’m not a lawyer I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. #BoycottKS please use this twitter link- I copied the wrong one <url>"Spokt", <url>"woman". I can only hope for the worse for both of them in their new lives, fucking rednecks. I normally don't speak ill for anyone but I despise scammers who make other people miserable. This guy was clearly a crook. !!! Forget it, nothing will ever come your way sadly. !! Where's that refund you promised me? I've been through two new iPhones and now my damn phone doesn't even have a headphone port! What a con artist. Shameful!! Facebook: <url>…I take 33% of my money instead of loosing all. I just clicked the "report this Project" Button As we approach the iPhone 7 with no audio port I guess you can keep my money and buy something to make yourself feel better. This seemed liked a simple task but I do understand and I forgive you for the failure. Better luck next time Phone Us. 805.705.2783 435.890.4439 Email Us. chit-<email> Ron - Seriously... How about making good on your commitment to a refund. This is simply theft and your lack of response is cowardly and frankly disgusting! Ron Adair is a prick I am so done with KS also. I have backed several projects and am done with getting for a ride. The Eclips wallet guys just bailed like Ron did with out a word. won't and haven't invested in ks since this incident So when do i get my pledge back? Just going to put this here - <url>#crnt This will help get our money back Hey Rob Barba You're an idiot like this thief and liar. Hey Rob Barba…you're a fucking idiot and chump. No wonder you like this fucking thief and liar. This guy is a liar and a thief! We've been robbed. @ Noah give him a ring if you want Telephone 805.705.2783 Email <email> Why do I keep looking on this page :0) Amazingly disappointing. Iphone 6S came out today. Which phone was this originally created for? Wonder if something like this would work! <url>"A Man Without A Dream Is A Man Without Hope" I do *NOT* want a refund – risk of a project failure was something I assumed when pledging to this project. Quite frankly, I spend that about after a week visiting Starbucks! Stay strong, stay true to yourself and your project dream. Someday I hope to get a mail from you... with an awesome devices... and I'll smile, wonder what... remember... and say... "He did it!!" Very disappointed. Forget it everyone. KS is not going to do anything because we all agreed that they will not be held responsible for scamming and the fucker Ron won't respond. He's probably just sitting back enjoying his $24k **** while reading our complaint. Complaint: 63225020 My complain: 63177254 I hope this works :) I'm in 62979099 Thanks Brian just submitted, here is my reference number 62963766 Submitted an FTC complaint as well. FTC Complaint Submitted by me as well. Reference number: 62757295. FTC Complaint Submitted - Your reference number is: 62734351 to help report this go to <url>#crnt&panel1-1 I did mine under <url>#crnt I'm excited to announce! I have officially reported this to the FTC which looks like they are going to start looking into the campaigns that do there backers wrong. <url>"release date" set by someone crowd funding will be extended at some point. I can live with this. Even if a project fails I understand my role & the creators and could move on knowing I tried to help someone create an interesting project but it just didn't pan out. Reading through all the comments below it's hard to believe this is a simple case of a failed project. I was never thrilled with the updates but seeing the responses from others I think we can all agree this falls on the side of a "scam" crowdfunding attempt. While it's true that Kickstarter can not force a creator to refund money it is also true that numerous people have already been sued because of these "scam" projects when it becomes evident that very little truth can be found behind their entire process. If we could be given the respect we deserve, as people who blindly backed this project because we believed in it, then it would be an easier pill to swallow. I don't like being disrespected and I don't like being lied to. Even when "admitting defeat" and trying to appear humble we were given the line "I will be posting a secondary update soon which will outline how to officially request a refund. As with all previous updates this update will go out to all backers, so you will be notified once it is posted." but it's been 9 months and this secondary update has not come. I was not going to request a refund but after seeing the treatment of all the backers I am now. I know I will be ignored, like countless others, but I would like to join the ranks of all the others who have requested them as well in order to document how we were all mislead and there was never an attempt to finish this project. Luckily we live in the age of the internet where all this information is documented and will follow the creator if he ever attempts another project. I've already found this project on a number of lists/articles including Gizmodo's "worst crowdfunding scams" article. I will gladly change my tune and retract this comment if I am simply given the courtesy of an honest response. I'd like a refund. for anyone interested, Ron's LinkedIn account is still active, <url>"success". Live and learn. And be more cautious of projects in the future. Or crowd funding in general. If you did lose a boatload and would like to vent I'd certainly like to see it here. Without any violent remarks plz. Actually this guy should get put in jail for grand larceny plus kickstarter and this creator should be sued Note to everyone: take the loss and move on. Amazingly enought, this fucker is the only bastard who scammed me and KS won't do shit. Watch my language? If KS refunds me my money I will. yup, well I've been a bit luckier, 3/12 projects were scams.. KICK STARTER should bear some responsibility on this. Once the current run of projects are delivered or been scammed out of me, I will close my Kickstarter accounts, Unless YOU KICK STARTER take some action, I suggest many of us scammed ones should do same... Yes, a big "Thank You" for taking our money and running. No contact, no refunds, no product and no consideration for backers. Unless someone takes you Ron to court you get away with it. You are not welcome!!!. Projects fail and people are upfront about it but this is frankly just a scam clearly defined by the lack of contact. I love how we are to be respectful and considerate in our comments yet Ron is in now way considerate to his backers that have funded his vacation or whatever else he has spent the money on. What I would like to say to Ron I can't write in this post because it is far from respectful. I share this account with my father and don't wish to write anything that could reflect badly on him sincerely JC jr All that aside. This is now 3 out of 7 projects I have backed that have taken the money and run. Well Ron, weren't you raised to thank others for $24,486 gifts/vacations Just noticed something funny. I am up to 63 projects. I have a lot who have delivered, some still raising funding, some experiencing delays and some working towards their delivery date. But I only have 1 project with a big Thank You on the cover page. that agreement is probably not going to help as the campaign ended before those new rules existed and the creator never agreed to them when creating the project. So does this mean we can sue this guy! Oh boy! Lets spend years in small claims court with this jerk and then maybe see a settlement that might not even be paid back, it's cool thanks Ron, I know there will be a special place in a hot place for you . Thanks for taking your backing money form people that believed in your project to go buy you nice shiny new devices! Thats cool. If you wanted donations I donate to those with a good heart, something you do not have The new rules list the stipulations that a creator must meet in order to fail the delivery of a project without being subject to legal action. They are: Creators must post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned. They must "work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers." They must be able to demonstrate appropriate use of funds and have "made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised." They must have acted honestly, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers. Finally, creators must offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. <url>’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. As the creators and stewards of Kickstarter, we hate more than anything when a project doesn't come to fruition. Allowing creators to take risks and attempt to bring something new to life is the backbone of what we do. However, we also understand that there is an inherent level of risk in any creation process. Kickstarter is built around minimizing that risk through all-or-nothing funding, which allows the collective voice of the people to decide which projects reach their goal. On our end, we review projects, uphold our rules, practice careful governance, and use anti-fraud filtering. The foundation of the entire system, however, is the collective wisdom of the people who back projects. Still, despite a creator's best efforts, some projects won't always come together as planned. In these situations we make ourselves available to creators to help however we can, and we encourage them to be as open as possible with their backers about the obstacles they face. But no matter our efforts, projects will sometimes fail to come together as planned and backers will sometimes be disappointed in outcomes. We strive to constantly learn from this, and to make sure that expectations are appropriately set for backers (like on our Trust & Safety page). Response: Hi Garret, Thanks for reaching back out, and I'm sorry to hear that the creator has still not updated you. I understand your frustration. However, while we are able to encourage creators to get in touch with their backers we are unable to force them to do so. While Kickstarter is the platform for the agreement between backers and creators, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. As the creators and stewards of Kickstarter, we hate more than anything when a project doesn't come to fruition. Allowing creators to take risks and attempt to bring something new to life is the backbone of what we do. However, we also understand that there is an inherent level of risk in any creation process. Kickstarter is built around minimizing that risk through all-or-nothing funding, which allows the collective voice of the people to decide which projects reach their goal. On our end, we review projects, uphold our rules, practice careful governance, and use anti-fraud filtering. The foundation of the entire system, however, is the collective wisdom of the people who back projects. Still, despite a creator's best efforts, some projects won't always come together as planned. In these situations we make ourselves available to creators to help however we can, and we encourage them to be as open as possible with their backers about the obstacles they face. But no matter our efforts, projects will sometimes fail to come together as planned and backers will sometimes be disappointed in outcomes. We strive to constantly learn from this, and to make sure that expectations are appropriately set for backers (like on our Trust & Safety page). To Kickstarter: It's now been over a month without anything after Kickstarter reached out to Ron Adair. This is abhorrent. What is the point of terms of use if us agreeing to them has ZERO effect? Ron will not answer our calls, has changed his number, and ignores every email. Essentially, Kickstarter has been complacent in Ron's theft. Putting you hands in the air and saying "we can't force him" is not acceptable. I still do not believe that this ASSHOLE has still not refunded what he has promised.. YOU WILL ROT in HELL RON ADAIR... I was happy just to leave this be but you have broken another promise and for that I REALLY THINK YOU ARE AN ASSHOLE... TELEPHONE 805.705.2783 EMAIL <email> Last May this was the post I made here...it still holds true. I feel bad for this assholes child(ren). Googling dads name will result in them learning that their father is a thief, a liar and an all round bad businessman and person. They may also come to the conclusion that dear ole dad is a procrastinating idiot and possibly a lazy fool (well definitely a fool). The man hasn't realized yet that the internet is forever and the history of this kickstarter project and the lies told by it's creator will be around for them to read about. Great legacy you're leaving for them, dumb ass! Aug 31, "Starting today, I will be offering refunds to any backer who requests one" right there he set himself up if anyone has given him enough to hunt him down and take him to court. States he will give a refund and then disappears again not responding to posts or e-mails. It appears he is one of those swindlers that have to be threatened by physical harm before he will do the right thing. No I am not threatening physical harm to you myself Ron but I am sure by this point you have pissed others off enough that they have thought about it. All you had to do was be honest and return the funds. Perhaps I hope the law catches up to you and agree with Apit, there is a special place in hell for you and others like you. There's a special place in hell for Ron Adair and other scammers on KS Jimmy: that'll be a first LOL I think the right thing for kickstarter to do is provide some accountability along the lines of "how" money was spent. I don't care if he tried and failed. I do care if he took the money and ran. I wish it was easy enough to just request a refund but unfortunately criminals will be criminals. I've given up, this guy has committed fraud and worst, he has committed fraud on genuine hard working people who TRUSTED HIM to keep his promise to deliver a product He has NOT delivered, offered refunds AND as far as I can see has NOT delivered, so another BROKEN promise. DONT hold out for a refund KICKSTARTERS this guy is probably drinking MAI TAI's on some beach somewhere, sunning himself and plotting his next move ;) Caveat Emptor. Let the Buyer Beware.. We got stung this time.. Oh well.. I have heaps of other Kickstarter projects that have been delivered and many in the process of being delivered, so put this down to experience ;) I hope you have a conscience ron...because it certainly does not look like you do... @JC. I do share frustration like many others. This was my second project backed and since then I have backed many others. This by far is the worst run project by far. It is unfortunate that ks does not address on a case by case basis who has taken advantage of the ks community not only to backers but the vast majority who are legitimate innovators who use ks to raise capital or use it as a medium to meet their audience. Ron Kickstarter does nothing to assist the backers when this happens thus guys like Ron getaway with anything they want. Ron does not respond to e-mails because he knows nothing will happen to him unless perhaps someone starts a class action against him which is expensive. It's just too bad that people like Ron make people not want to back other projects in fear this will happen again. We do and we have, no phone calls go through, emails aren't responded to, and Kickstarter is useless to help us Here's an idea. Everyone "contact" Ron about 20x through KickStarter. I wonder how long before he either responds or delete his email from KS Did anyone see the update for the refund or receive an email notification or did he trying to talk himself out of it again? First FAILURE on KS. Though now it's the principle of it, Ron better freakin respond before I become disrespectful on my next comment. Be respectful and considerate? He's suppose to follow up on his project. Ron didn't follow through with KS agreement as a creator, why should I "be respectful and considerate". Hi Ron, For a while I felt badly when I found that my son was righting some not very nice things to you and on the sight but after going over everything and reading all of the other post and your comments I can see why people are not happy with you. I can see why they are angry than send you so called threats. People don't like having their money swindled out from under them which is what you are doing. At one point you offered to give people their money back… It seems this was just a ploy to keep people off your back for a while. I am assuming that you think people will just forget about this in time and it will all go away but I truly hope that at some point it will all come back around to you. I don’t say that lightly but I do believe in “Do to others as you would have them do to you”. I am NOT making a personal threat to you myself but you have angered a lot of people and it may come back at you two fold at some point by not making things wright. Two months since Ron last logged in... Ron is gone again. Not a big surprise as he only seems to respond when overwhelmed with threats Two months and counting and this clown still hasn't followed through on his claim to provide refunds as mandated in the terms of use. He also continues to refuse to honor the project creator's obligations as spelled out in the same term of use agreement. Come on back Ron and claim how much abuse you take while you continue to lie and cheat your backers. Come back on and explain to us how you are honoring your commitment to us via the terms of use and how offering us a refund is above and beyond your obligations and how noble and honorable you are. Let's hear more of your lies and empty promises. He spent all money on his holiday trip.... I would say... Ho! Shots fired! Good thing Ron's keeping his end up for all those people who gave coddling responses Just checking in to see how long it's been since an update. Oh Ron... Well, He stated that he would give us info on how to request a refund. But he has yet to give that update.... So to answer your question. Pretty Much. I gather from what i'm reading that this project is a fail and we won't be getting the product or a refund. Am I right? @Garrett, as investors, This project has a rule against letting you know where our investment went. it's suppose to be by good faith and hope for the best kinda investment. Sorta like a ponzu scheme I believe the great american way! Really would like to see some evidence as to how the $24k was spent, like is referenced in the terms *****A request to future commenters***** Please put this at the beggining of your comment going forward. *****A request to future commenters****** This was posted in the comments of of update #14 I would like to put it here and request any new commenters put it at the beginning of their comment for visibility. Its definitely no mutator but does hold some of the same features as the mutator. <url>"Terms of Use" so that you can read exactly what you signed on for as a project creator. It is something I hope you are familiar with but, to be honest, throughout this whole fiasco I have seen very little evidence that you have ever even read through it. The fact that the tone of your last update is one of you being noble and generous beyond your obligation to us is insulting, infuriating and wrong. 4. How Projects Work Most of our Terms of Use explain your relationship with Kickstarter. This section is different — it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Kickstarter projects, and who’s responsible for what. This is what you’re agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creator’s offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. It appears Ron has taken off again Has a firm to request a refund come out yet? His post was in August. It is now going to be October. How long does it take? Will it be another year? If you can't tell I would like a refund please. I've been patient enough. I'm thankful that it's only $13 even though that is beside the point!!!! This guy needs to be tar and feathered!!!! Nope, need an acknowledgement first. So has anyone received a refund or how to get a refund? I would like a refund please thank you Ah ok. I gotcha. Well, lets see if he follows through. Screenshot from the Email here: <url>’m sorry to hear that the creator has not done a better job of communicating. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust. Backers pledge in hopes of helping a creator bring their idea to life. This interaction can lead to the creation of new and exciting things, but it’s also important to remember that sometimes complications might arise that prevent a project from unfolding as planned, or even from happening at all. This isn’t ideal for creators or backers, but we hope that both parties will try to communicate with each other through these developments. We’re sorry that this hasn’t been the case with this project, but hope that you’ll continue to back projects that you’re excited about. Thank you again for sharing the experience that you have had with this project. We are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. We hope that you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow with our community. Best, Alfie b.rian Jul 12 19:29 You can not say that you guys have no part in it for the simple fact that you facilitate the site for the creator. So you are stating that for example if a bank robber asks to borrow their friends car and the friend helps drive them there and they rob a bank and get caught, the friend says that they don't have any part of it? I am pretty sure that would make them an accomplice. That is an example not pointing fingers. Your site made the rules and set forth obligations for the leaders and facilitate and even take a cut of the final backing received. That makes you as much of a part of this as the leader. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jul 12 12:48 Hi Brian, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Alfie b.rian Jul 10 23:26 So this is the second or third time I have contacted you guys about the mutator project. It's been a year will any real concrete evidence that this creator is going to send anything out not keep up updated on the project. He has refused to give us any idea of what's going on and really has just taken out pledges and ran with it. I a so glad that you guys have made your share of the ending result of this project but what about the ones that backed the project. Thanks for letting this guy get away with theft. I have been in talks with a couple of state attorneys about this and would like to take action on the irresponsibility that you kick starter have let some project leaders get away with. It's not fair that we would love to help be apart of someone's creation to be cheated out of our money to help I have already talked to kickstarter and they said they are not responsible Can you report a project from the phone app? I can't find the button. I'm assuming it must be on the website only and not the mobile app. sigh... i'm from sydney and was just double checking if this was a scam... seems like it is at this point.... what is kickstarter doing about this? I reported it to kickstarter but it won't let me do it again. I've sent him messages on his fb with screenshots of comments. As reported earlier from another cheated backer here are 2 websites this thief has created. <url>© of the Securities Act sets forth liability standards for issuers in connection with crowd funding offerings. In the Crowd funding Release, the SEC notes: “The anti-fraud and civil liability provisions of the Securities Act, such as Sections 12(a)(2) and 17, apply to exempted transactions, including those transactions that will be conducted in reliance on [crowd funding]. The last update was May 8th. We have been ignored. Jimmy: DOUBT IT!!!!! No doubt it looks really bad. Just talking out loud here but I wonder if there would be a fraud case if he spent the money and never actually did anything but said he did. Wouldn't that be fraud? So every update that he sent out would be proof that he wasn't doing what he said he was? So maybe there isn't a case to get your money back but that of fraud instead? I'm not a lawyer at all just wondering. The easiest way to clear that up would be to show proof that he was in fact trying to produce a product. This is the first kickstarter that I've backed that looks to be a failure. @Jimmy I hope that is the case to but how is he going to ship it out if he hasn't sent any of the surveys out. Tried giving Ron another call, no response I had another kickstarter where the guy never communicated but we still got the product. Let's just hope it's one of those situations. Last login was May too - think he's done a runner. yeah, he doesn't return anyone's emails or phone calls, even when they cant be associated with Kickstarter. A bunch of us have tried Has anyone followed up through his social media company listed on his profile? His twitter account hasn't been active since November. @Jimmy: Well, it's not because he's bad with communicating. He certainly is terrible with that, but people don't simply go AWOL from Kickstarter for two whole months when you're the creator of a $24k+ project. That kind of behavior is indicative of a deserter who, as Brian put it, took our money and ran. I mean, with all the recent exposure Kickstarter has been receiving, you know he can't be sitting there saying "oh that's nice," without the thought crossing his mind that nearly 1200 people are holding him accountable. I do agree with Brian that filing a lawsuit should be the next step. At this point it would be a matter of if we can have enough people participate to make it worthwhile, seeing that there will be legal fees involved. For those of us who pledged less than $30, it may not be worth the effort or cost up front. Then again, I've never had to deal with a lawsuit, so I am unsure of how such a procedure would go. What I don't get is how well marketed this project was. It looks so sleek from the photos, promo material, videos, testimonials, etc. My only guess is it took too much money to produce and the creator doesn't want to own up or pay up to finish the project. That or he is really really bad at communication. I mean like really bad. sigh... Could make a kickstarter campaign for this to pay for the legal fees I think this will help me and who ever else into filing suit for this <url>’t bother to return e-mails and don’t care about this project or you would communicate with your backers even to post you have no updates. When you have posted in the past you have only done so when you have been overloaded with threats and then post nonsense. Step up and post that this project failed so that your backers can put this behind us and check this off our lists. Perhaps you believe that if you don’t declare that this project failed that no one can dispute the charges with their credit card company but after a reasonable amount of time a dispute can be done. Put this behind you, you are not making friends here and this could seriously hurt you and future endeavors in the end by pissing people off, enjoy your other ventures you have going. Not everyone will bother to dispute this project and get their money back so you still have accomplished your goal of people giving you money and you will probably be able to retain some of it without having to deal with legal issue that you may have to face later. I know it's kinda hopeless at this point, but Kickstarters Terms of Use (<url>"Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." and "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." How legally binding are Terms of use? Any backers within Utah can file with their local bureau, someone posted about it a while ago So basically we're screwed with no meaningful help from Kickstarter on the horizon. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jun 26 12:15 Michael, Thanks for writing in. I can certainly understand your frustrations with the Mutator project and apologize that backing it has been a less than satisfactory experience. I know that updates on Ron's end have not been consistent. It's not uncommon for a creator to fall behind on projected delivery dates and, though we do try to stay in communication throughout this process, creators succumb to the stress of fulfilling rewards and completing their projects and start to recede. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. While we don't facilitate refunds or fulfillment of rewards, I’m happy to reach out to this creator and offer our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward and remind them of their responsibilities toward fulfilling rewards for backers such as yourself. You should also continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Alfie TELEPHONE 805.705.2783 EMAIL <email> I AM RON. I started my photographic journey over 20 years ago at the tender age of 14. My first encounter with a camera was in a high school photo class. The first click of the shutter sent a jolt through my system, and I knew photography was the thing for me. It was about four years later when I finally took the leap, and started supporting my "addiction" with the title of "Professional". Ever since then I've been immersed in the world of photography, filmmaking, and design. I've shot thousands of weddings, portrait sessions, events, and commercial assignments. In 2005 I attended Brooks Institute of Photography in Santa Barbara, California, where I studied Commercial Photography with an emphasis in Advertising. I had the opportunity to study under some of the industry's best professionals, and in the process was privileged to retain a place on the Dean's List. In addition, I was selected to receive the first year Top Student Award. In 2007, after completing my studies, my family and I returned to Northern Utah where we now reside. Upon returning, I founded ADAIR Creative, a marketing and branding agency that specializes in photographic and cinematic brand reinforcement for corporate clients. I enjoy cooking (read: hacking recipes), racquetball, cycling, hiking, making movies, and tinkering with just about any electronic device. Most of all I enjoy learning, and I love watching my 5 kids learn too. My favorite book on learning is "Dumbing us Down" by John Taylor Gatto, and my two favorite classics of all time are "Taming of the Shrew" (Shakespeare) and "The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" (Robert Louis Stevenson). YuP one year... nothing much to show for it have we. I check every so often and there is nothing there, not even an update to say, "sorry guys" nothing is there. Sorry ron, i dont buy your "ill only post when there is an update" thats poor, you got $24k nice job for only a short time of work and still the community have nothing to show for it. i've received many projects I have backed in the last 12 months, sadly I think ill never get yours ;(... Frank but hey! Ron's got time to start <url>’t corporations, they are you and me with dreams to make things truly better. They have regular jobs to pay the bills, and they also family to support. Instead of continue to buy crap products they sacrifice their time to tinker in their garages to pursue their dream. It isn’t easy, because the world is ready to tell you no one will buy it, you can’t do that it and leave it to the big corporation to solve it. That why there’s Kickstarter. It is for those who dream and those who can’t dream for themselves. Some of us understand this because we’ve been knocked down when we try to go above and beyond. But many thinks Kickstarter is Amazon with longer shipping times. It’s real people making sometimes only a few pieces, and working with manufacturing factories who’s real priorities are large corporations. It’s easy for us on the sidelines to complain about updates, complain about the progress or lack of, when we aren’t doing anything. And when there already so much pressure to deliver a product, is it too much to give them all the positive energy, benefit of the doubt, and patience? We may or may not get our Mutator, but we showed those large corporations that their product isn’t perfect and we want more and we want better. I rather lose money on this project, than spend another dollar on corporate crap that don’t support real local people. Rob, It seems you and Ron have a lot in common. In your posts you continue to refuse to address the concerns and points I (and others) have made numerous times in numerous posts. None of anything you have posted has addressed those concerns other than to make excuses. Excuses that do not come close to adequately explaining his actions or lack thereof. As stated, I will no longer continue to engage in this back and forth with you. Hi Michael, See response below: Rob, So it came as a shock to Ron that there would be delays and problems with the project? Counter point: Yes. See update 8. Suddenly, after funding, Ron had a job and a family? CP 1: Yes, see update 7, a boy! I'm sure he didn't realize how hard that would be. From personal experience, it's like that movie dusk till dawn. Your having a great time then they turn into vampires. The first six months was hell. Sleep for 2-3 hours wake up feed change diaper repeat. CP 2: I would've given up on starting a Kickstarter a project if I had baby coming. Maybe the 24k did go to white powder substance - Powder Milk! All these things were surprises to him? Hell, I'd venture to say that the fact that there are problems and delays aren't even a surprise to anyone who has contributed to at least one KS project. It's practically expected. CP: There are growing amount of negative comments not just in this project but in others regarding the frequency and content of updates. I say ask the creators, how many updates to expect and what will they provide, then decide to pledge. March of dimes says a dime a day, and you get a monthly handwritten letter from boy or girl of your choosing. I can tell you it's very awkward back in forth. Usually goes like this: Hi Amy, sorry you couldn't get clean water, I know how you feel I was at cochella at couldn't find a bathroom. And let's say for arguments sake that he wasn't aware of those (very likely) possibilities. That still wouldn't be a reason to wait months between updates to his contributors CP: See points above Did I, or anyone else, say he needed to update at specific time periods (go ahead and take it to absurdity like every 2-3 days because that tactic is always effective when debating)? Even once every 2 to 3 weeks would be better than what he has provided. Cp: see points above. Cp 2: Debate? I was making a colorful commentary for those who are reading. I'll try to be more respectful now that I know. Burning cross? Really? So saying things like that help your position? Who said anything about wanting him to lose everything? If someone did, DO NOT attribute it to me. I, personally, have not asked for proof only information about the project and the problems and struggles he is experiencing. If you had really read (and understood) my posts you would see exactly what my gripe is. Cp: Threats have consequences Cp 2: see cp 2 above Cp 3: yes sorry for putting words in your mouth. Luckily there are fact trackers who'll could back you up. Whether or not Ron continues to care about this project (because I do believe he did when he started it) has definitely become a very real question based on his lack of engagement with us and sharing any information of value. Cp: yes Rob, if you wish to continue this debate you will need to understand what I am saying and address the points I have actually made rather than putting words in my mouth, before I will continue to engage. Closing remark: I hope I address your points and I'm looking for your response to the previous points I made. Thanks. Rob, So it came as a shock to Ron that there would be delays and problems with the project? Suddenly, after funding, Ron had a job and a family? All these things were surprises to him? Hell, I'd venture to say that the fact that there are problems and delays aren't even a surprise to anyone who has contributed to at least one KS project. It's practically expected. And let's say for arguments sake that he wasn't aware of those (very likely) possibilities. That still wouldn't be a reason to wait months between updates to his contributors. Did I, or anyone else, say he needed to update at specific time periods (go ahead and take it to absurdity like every 2-3 days because that tactic is always effective when debating)? Even once every 2 to 3 weeks would be better than what he has provided. Burning cross? Really? So saying things like that help your position? Who said anything about wanting him to lose everything? If someone did, DO NOT attribute it to me. I, personally, have not asked for proof only information about the project and the problems and struggles he is experiencing. If you had really read (and understood) my posts you would see exactly what my gripe is. Whether or not Ron continues to care about this project (because I do believe he did when he started it) has definitely become a very real question based on his lack of engagement with us and sharing any information of value. Rob, if you wish to continue this debate you will need to understand what I am saying and address the points I have actually made rather than putting words in my mouth, before I will continue to engage. Michael, I'm upset that it took you two days to respond to my comment. Regardless, I'll be polite and respond to you after 3 hours after your post. I would've responded earlier, but I just got home from a long, busy day at work and I had to give the kid a bath. Fortunately for you though, I'm not Ron and I don't have to call China the 500th time to check the status of my "tips" order I sent in and how they F'd up the last batch and deal with their sh!t excuses. I don't have to go through all the hate mail in my inbox. And I don't have to put out the burning cross once again sitting on my lawn. So finally, here's my response to you that you rightfully earned by reading my previous comment. By the way, thank you. I get it you're very frustrated, Ron is a jerk for not giving an update every 2-3 days (is 2-3 days too long between updates?) since this project went south. Even after we threaten him with IRS, local authorities, and reporting him to Kickstarter and still NO update! We even went so far as to threaten him on every social platform. Possibly damaging his relation him with his daughter, and maybe his boss and still NO update! I don't know about you, but I really hope he lost everything, so he can concentrate on supporting this project. I can't wait to get my $28 mutator, yes I splurged. I guess we should have seen this coming, I mean even after the project was funded, I think he gave a few updates (I haven't checked) but they weren't "good" updates. They really kinda sucked. I was most upset that he didn't show me the invoice for the order, so I can see that he really did pay for parts and service. I also agree with you Michael, he doesn't care about this project. He probably never did. He probably blew off the whole $24,486 on white powder substance, because for a millionaire like Ron, that's just a normal day. I assume he's probably pretty relaxed right now, sitting on a beach with the only Mutator ever made. It's probably on all the time, so he doesn't have to hear his phone going off every 5 mins from people who are demanding an update and calling him a jerk. It's taken me almost half an hour to respond to your comment, so I hope you're satisfied with my response. Amazing how, after saying it more than once, you still don't get it. The complaint is the lack of communication not the lateness of the project. Any gripe about the project being late is the result of frustration around the lack of communication explaining anything to do with the project and why it is seven months behind schedule. There would be no comment fires or any substantial negativity if Ron would have shown us, from the beginning, the respect we earned by supporting his project. The frustration about not knowing what is going on is only magnified as time goes on with no word about what is happening. My whole point is I invest in Kickstarter projects because I believe in the end product and I don't care about the schedules because who can foresee the future unless they've done this before. My gripe is with the investors who start raising hell to get money back or calling it a fraud when they don't understand this. And with the owner thinking its the right thing do, to get into a media frenzy trying to put out comment fires instead of focusing on the end product. I believe this puts doubt into their heads, and next thing they're doing is throwing wild pitches. and we get a crap product at the end. Everyone looses. Now, I don't know Ron personally, so I don't know how he responds under pressure or under stress. But I can tell you when given positive feedback however, people generally are more responsive and willing to be cooperative. So I ask you, if I threaten you with a lawsuit, calling you a liar, telling your daughter that her dad is a thief, how would you respond? Would you be willing to have an open dialogue with me? Will I deliver a great product to you or would I even care too? Even with a full time job, he could respond to us, Rob. What is your explanation for how he can be posed questions and not respond to them, yet post updates after? Why has he blatantly ignored that? After every update Ron has given, the negativity mob grows larger. He's been threatened and harassed, so why would he post anything anymore. He has more enemies on this project than supporters. I think the only thing to satisfy the mob is the product itself. But how is he supposed when he has another job to pay bills, and still keep in contact with factories in china in the middle of the night? Do you think he can fly to China for a week, 2 weeks with only $24,000 to see the project through? Our money we pledge isn't going to make him rich and its very little for all the work to see this project through. So instead of supporting him, we rather gather sticks and stones? Can we see a change on Kickstarter where we offer positive support for the projects we pledged? edit below (the lack of an edit key is frustrating) "skepticism that he hasn't taken off" @Rob take a look at the latest update, where Ron is quick to jump down my throat, yet completely ignores everyone else and flat out doesn't respond to my question. Get another perspective before you are so quick to come to the defense of a guy who hasn't taken the time to return here. Its coming up on a year and we'e heard from Ron 20 times. I'm down with trusting people and looking for the best in someone, but this isn't like hes done anything to warrant everyone's skepticism hes taken off. @Rob You have completely missed the message most of us are sending. Our ONLY gripe with this project, and Ron, is that he refuses to keep us informed of anything of importance. His refusal to even acknowledge us and show us any kind of loyalty and gratitude for backing his project is what has caused further action. No one complained about the project being late. We want to know what is going on. I don't think any backer with any experience on Kickstarter expects a project to be completed on the estimated date and, I for one, certainly did not. What is expected is communication and the sharing of the experiences the creator is going through as he efforts to get the project completed. I'm not talking about the minutia or painful details, just an overall perspective would be enough. In my opinion the level of communication should also increase as the project becomes more late in terms of estimated completion. It certainly shouldn't result in the creator expressing how frustrated HE is and complaining about the struggles he is having when he hasn't told us anything, of any meaning, about those struggles. @Ron You really screwed the pooch on this one. Kickstarter, for the backers, is about getting to be part of someones idea. It's about walking along with the creator, especially if the product has not found a manufacturer or shippers etc., as they work through all the inevitable problems they encounter and struggle through. As a creator your end of the bargain is to bring us along. You had an opportunity to tap the knowledge, experience and possibly expertise, of a large group of people that might have been able to provide you with the guidance, ideas and/or suggestions that could have helped you through your struggles with this project. Instead of fostering that kind of environment you chose to ignore us. You chose to only communicate with us when there was something you felt was important enough to say rather than explaining the struggles you are experiencing and opening a dialog with us. If you had decided to share these things with us I am certain you would have received suggestions and ideas that just may have helped you along. You lost and excellent opportunity, and in doing so, in my opinion, ruined whatever business reputation you may have cultivated in your other endeavors. Sad really but maybe you will at least learn from this horrid experience and realize that you didn't have to go through this alone and that you had a large pool of people that may have been able to help you. @Rob No room to talk, we have not said a word to Ron about his project in a couple of weeks and there is still little to no communication and the little that he has is fluff. The fact is a product this small and so little detailed should NOT EVER TAKE this long. Seriously. I have invested in other projects in here that are WAY more complicated and they are schedule with or without some Chinese holiday interfering. You obviously misunderstand the importance in communication with integrity and stewardship when it comes to real business @Rob if your communication is as bad on your campaigns I wouldn't complain to the people who pledged. No one cares about the amount they pledged or when they're going to receive it but the sheer lack of updates/communication. Good job guys. Now instead of focusing on getting a product completed, he has to worry about the IRS, lawsuits and harassment from local authorities. Good job! Please stay away from my other projects. Every Kickstarter should be focused on completing their project and not dealing with people who are worried about their $40 dollar pledge! No news? Bad news? <url>’s Risk and challenges on the home page. “I am committed to creating a great product that lives up to the scrutiny of iPhone, iPad, and iPod lovers everywhere. Creating a great product is more than getting something made. Everything matters — from thinking about the end-user and creating a simple product, to choosing the correct materials, vendors, and manufacturers. While I am fairly new to the physical hardware world, I have personally overseen several large-scale projects for corporate web, print, and media campaigns. I recognize the value in doing things right, and quality will be my top priority in getting Mutator launched. There is no doubt that I have a lot to learn, but I truly believe that this is what makes life worth living.” I am happy I came across this project and now have Ron’s name. This will keep me from investing in anything that this guy is affiliated in the future. If this is how he has overseen other projects, shows top priority, does things right and thinks about the end-user I certainly don’t want to support him in anything else seeing how he runs things. It’s very clear (at least to me) that Ron does not care about his backers he just wanted to make a quick buck and this was good way to do that in a short amount of time with little to no risk to him. I am currently backing another project that is almost a year in the making and I am ok with that because the creator has touched base with his backers very frequently. Even when there was nothing to update the creator logged in to say hi and that he still appreciated our support and is very upfront and honest about everything. It’s too bad everyone could not be as hard working as other creators out there. I feel bad for this assholes child(ren). Googling dads name will result in them learning that their father is a thief, a liar and an all round bad businessman and person. They may also come to the conclusion that dear ole dad is a procrastinating idiot and possibly a lazy fool (well definitely a fool). The man hasn't realized yet that the internet is forever and the history of this kickstarter project and the lies told by it's creator will be around for them to read about. Great legacy you're leaving for them, dumb ass! I have had several kickstarter projects come and go in the last 6 weeks and have received my backer emails from them already and already have updates on some with little delays but a lot of progress on most. Yeah keep up the great work lol GREAT WORK? I bet it's always sunny and warm in your world. You just don't know when someone is dicking you over do you? So sad. Just popped in to say. Keep up the great work ! Does anyone else feel like every update is the same thing over and over? Nice to see Ron is still bullish**ing us all Glad to see there are still no tangible updates to prove anything! Here we go. Lol jk. The mutator is obsolete now. At best it will be used once and then either lost or shelved bc of the way it will look on newer devices. This is a lose in my book as well. Well played Rob hope you enjoy your new retina MacBook Pro and possible other bills you have paid with your scheme. I'm done wasting my time with this. @Jake I don't see this as redundant i would much rather have something with tactile physical feedback than a software solution. And there is no reason this shouldn't not work on any standard 3.5 mm jack provided there is clearance with your case if you use one. I'm just going to chalk this one up as a loss... Can I have a refund please? Such a joke. At least give us the courtesy of an update telling us what your really spending the money on. I for one don't expect to ever see anything from you. This product has become redundant as Apple has solved this problem with iOS 7 which now gives you the option to turn off the vibrate function when on "silent mode". I should have known to never back a project for hardware when the problem can be fixed with software. I believe the only reason an updated was posted on the 21st is because Ron was forced into it by people reporting him and clogging up his e-mail and social media. I am sure he just deletes messages because he clearly does not address anything, but at least it’s a record on his backer’s side. Prior he didn’t bother to log on to the account for a very long time. When he did finally log in and post it was like a bad essay answer, just words put together saying nothing hoping that it looked like he was actually addressing some issues when he didn’t say anything relevant. Clever to be able to use this media to make pocket money but now what Ron? You clearly have never pissed off or ripped off a Bostonian. I don’t take lightly to helping someone achieve their goal and then get scammed as I feel this is. There are legal actions that can be taken, many social media and reporting outlets that people report these things to if they choses. I know new projects don’t always go as easily as we would like and have delays, I know some projects cannot always work out but at least those people are honest about it and give real updates and are very open about what they are doing. There is just something very off when someone disappears for weeks with no communication and then posts words that just don’t add up. You had time to log on to your other social media accounts over the past months but didn’t bother for this one because you already had the cash and had to figure out your next steps to get away with it. I respect those backers who don’t agree with what I have said; these are just my own thoughts. Is anyone planning on taking the reins with the NW3C reporting? Glad I'm not the only one that sees an issue with this project Utah State Fraud investigation information: The Attorney General’s Commercial Enforcement Division enforces laws that protect consumers and businesses, including laws that prohibit deception, fraud, misrepresentation, or concealment of facts in the sale or advertisement of goods and services. The office works closely with the Utah Division of Consumer Protection to investigate and prosecute violations of these laws. <url>#sthash.TJLHtMZg.dpuf 5 months past the estimated delivery date and still no real indication of where this project stands or IF it will even be completed. We don't even have any proof he is actually trying to accomplish his goal. It seems to me it may be time to bring this to the attention of the Utah state attorney generals office. Maybe they can tell us if we have an actionable case on this clown and/or Kickstarter. The fact that the internet was used to apparently rip off us backers may be of interest to federal investigators as well (FBI). Well I am sick of waiting and now give up hope that this project will ever result in a product, so for that reason I have reported it to Kickstarter! If the item comes to fruition, great, if not, at least we attempted to recover our funds. Hopefully this doesn't turn people off from utilizing Kickstarter to fund others goals, hopefully ones with fully vetted projects. @brian Abandon hope, buddy. There will always be people like David, who use their pretentious style to be heard. No doubt this post will send him into an enraging tailspin back into hundred-dollar phrases and buzzwords he might not actually comprehend. For a person who strings together useless words, ("polar-neo ludity" anyone?- all I can decipher from that is a bastardization of the French "Néo-polar"("new thrill") and Luddite- which would be conflicting ideas), nothing much is said. That being said, disagreements are bound, unfortunately, to happen. It is the matter in which we go about them. If you are like myself, you make a well versed explanation and present it, if you are David, you drag the holier-than-thou neckbeard cloud a bit closer to the ground and unleash in-text symbols to stress words(1). In reality, David has done nothing but drag the topic away from the original issue (Ron's lack of updates and callous disregard) and pointed the conversation directly at himself (a calculated move I assume). David seems to forget that we (literally) do not care about his issues, or beliefs, or whatever you would like to call it, because he has 0% to do with the actual product (neither do we). David cannot fix or address the issues we've brought up. We are forgetting that the main issue is the product and the creator's absence. Now, if this spurns David here into action to refer you (or I) to Kickstarter about the TOS (which is obviously inept or we wouldn't be arguing about this project) I certainly welcome him to. This is the internet, personal attacks are aplenty. But be careful, Brian, you never know, his "connections" in the "fast changing corporate espionage driven patent market" could get you sanctioned under the Kickstarter terms of service.... ...but probably not. I for one know that I will simply do what everyone probably has, and just skim by David and other trolls during my check ins here for progress. There is no point in attempting to drive the point home, you'll just be out of breath and annoyed by whatever buzzword comes next (surrounded by asterisks or hash marks for emphasis, no less). tl;dr: Trolls will be trolls because of the attention (1) since it's obvious everything is being read simply at face value here, I do not literally mean you have a neckbeard, it's less a facial hair phenomenon and more a lifestyle. I never called you a racist. I apologize then. But you are only fueling the fire to an already bad situation, You were and are not helping as you can tell everyone except Marie had something to comment back to you. I was not pulling any crap furthermore you are the one that was trying to bring some new age crap about vibes and such, jeez I was stating the facts of what your were commenting. You stated, "Its just all of this hostility and "dark karma" surrounding this project lately is making me feel physically sick to my stomach." seriously if your that gentle then you need to get off the interwebs bro. you have no idea what an internet troll is do you? if you did you wouldn't come back with a 2nd grade remark. How about this we stop commenting all together on this whole project, neither of us are going to agree on anything and its just taking to the focus off of where Ron is on this project. Ill stop commenting if you do. and to be honest, I'm pretty chill compared to others on kickstarter that DEMAND their reward 2 days after its funded. @Brian Furthermore. I am trying to bring levity to a already tough situation. One we are ALL part of. Your remarks are CRUEL, and over the line. If you have some personal issue with me take it up WITH ME. I've given everyone here every opportunity to reach out to me directly. _I_ _AM_ trying to help. And thank you marie for sticking up for me. I greatly appreciate that! @Brian the only one i see being a troll here is YOU! I won't stand for personal attacks against my character. THAT is defamation. And against kickstarters TOS. You want to do that go somewhere else. Don't pull that shit here. _I_ DO *NOT* appreciate being called a bigot or anything else that would incite me being racist or prejudice against someone else. Stop your attacks immediately or i WILL report you for abuse. Marie, David is being a Troll. Thats all. @Ron great to see you are still working on this! We are still in your corner rooting for you! @Brian I think you need to cool your jets. @David is just trying to be of a help. Shut up and let us ask for a return in this investment get our money back. I think I can speak for most of us that are thinking what I said I'm not going to waste my time with this David guy , Your an idiot and have no idea what the word investment means. We are not supporting the project just to support it lol we put our own money on the line to help develop and see a return on an investment. David, Do you put money in a 401k or in the market and just say, "hey keep it, I believe in you"! LOL you probably do. Your horrible at empathy and your statements towards wanting something "NEOW" is idiotic. and yes I was making fun of you. You say and backup a lot of crap with this project leader when from your history of backing projects, this one and the Dash and nothing else. Shut up and let us that put up money for a return in this investment get our money back. I think I can speak for most of us that are thinking what I said Your Heart is horribly wrong and by the way I have invested in several companies since I was in high school including Apple when they were $27/share in 2001 and waited until back in 2012 to sell about 1500 shares when they hit $700/share. Don't tell me I don't know how to invest nor that I want something "NEOW". Don't reply back to this because at this point you're just making a fool of your self with your science & technology "evangelistic empathy" and your bigotry remarks @All I guess many of you see kickstarter as a way to invest where as I see it more of a fun way to spend the few extra bucks I have to at the least set a example and/to support science & technology "evangelism". For those of you who invested money in this project thinking ..~~`` "*well...I'll buy like 50 of these things for 13 bucks then sell em for... 25 bucks *" or "hey...that would make a pretty cool gift" or "MUST. HAVE NEOW!" While my heart goes out to you however I can't say I have MUCH empathy for your long term spending habits. Then again i can't say i have much love for kickstarters TOS either. @Hannah , Not sure what you mean by that? o.O When investing in ANY project or industry its a gamble. Unless kickstarter was insured by the FDIC or had a guarantee of some kind I don't *expect* my investments to go one way or another way. KickStarter and crowdfunding sites like it are not banks they are simply brokers. And with all brokerages come risk. @David, you have said a few times that when you backed this you expected to receive no reward at all... Why would you back something if you thought it was never going to come to fruition? It may not be a lot of money individually but add it all together and it's a different story! @Brian, Not sure if that was meant to be sardonic or not :) But i have backed other projects that are not on kickstarter as well. One of the more notorious ones was the ubuntu edge. What inspired me about that was the proposed use of the new nexeon batteries. Unfotunately that project didn't reach its 32 million $ funding goal. Ron, honestly, by the time you finish it and that we receive it, we will all have new or/and different phones. It will then be useless and obsolete. Don't you think that defeats the purpose of this product? You have promised us a product that is time sensitive. Some delay is understandable but 5 months delay is unacceptable and border-lining being a joke. Can we please have our refund? WOW. David. for someone has only backed one thing on kickstarter other than this project. You have a lot of wisdom......... @Ron Thank you for the much needed and * necessary * update! @Garrett One final thing. Whatever resources I have are your resources. If it makes you feel any better (and since you are obviously so close to me) i'd be happy to share my industry contacts, thoughts, and any available funds to come to a common goal we all have in the end. @ALL Feel free to reach out to me on f b. I have backed several other projects and many of them past delivery date but the difference is communications. Ron does not respond to e-mails from his backers or post regular updates. When finally did post (after being harassed so much) he didn’t say anything pertinent. I try to be patient and take people for their word and support them but there comes a time when I have to realize when someone does not care about a project or the backers. No one can deny that Ron has not taken the time to log on regularly nor given regular updates, it’s all documented here on KS, others can do it way can’t Ron if he cared. If you can log on to FB and Twitter why can’t you spend 2 min out of your day to say “Hi, I want to keep everyone in the loop” even if there is nothing to tell every couple of weeks. I lost faith in this project a long time ago. I feel badly for anyone that is in this for a lot of money because it is gone. If we do get anything I feel it is going to be some cheap product to cut corners. I say thing because if you don't care about the people that helped you why should I think you would care about your product. @Garrett Obviously our passions and outlook on life are quite different and I admire difference and encourage that. All in all i think we still want the same thing at the end of the day. I want to see this project succeed and come to fruition as well. Another things is also quite certain Ron has certainly gotten more than he bargained for. However. I just saw your neck-beard comments about "investigating" him as more along the lines of threatening non altruistic *at first*. We come from different background you and I garrett. You are a careerist. I am an idealist. You're obviously someone who put there passions and hard work into a red-hawk honorable hero building path. I'm someone who is probably at the very other end of that spectrum. I've put my passions into a polar-neo ludity that is silicon valley and fast changing corporate espionage driven patent market. However would it surprise you if i said I also spent time in the military ? There is no doubt we both come from humble backgrounds, and we both want the same thing. Coming to a understanding about how we should get there is whats most paramount. @david, also, since i forgot, your comment-based patting on the back for Ron here is quite literally spitting in our faces. See, we've attempted to make an educated, diverse, and detailed argument for why and how this isnt working, yet your posts are in the essence of "..hey, there there buddy, they're all just (insert mean, jealous, angry, insane, etc). While we work to get ourselves heard and have changes made (that keep this going, btw) you stand alone, dissenting and reminding Ron that there are still 1,161 people who have yet to realise its been nearly a year, and it makes those of us who have made argument sound foolish. We have presented (to the best of our ability) evidence that Ron is not in the right, both with our online searches, our patent searches, record keeping checks, and numerous educated theories and impassioned requests to see this solved. You are essentially just standing behind someone because of a pretty impressive business plan, but cannot view it from our point of view. I too want(ed) to see this project come to fruition, I really did, now, its been months and the clouds have parted and I have seen the metaphorical light. I've realised that if you cut through the bullshit from Ron, we haven't actually got any tangible proof that this project has been put together. Some pictures? Give me 15 minutes with a headphone connector and some small plastic parts and I've got a MUTATOR for you, complete with fancy shadowboxing and post-photoshop graphics. @David if you read the comments as a whole, you are a staunch supporter, one of few remaining (so it seems). Its wonderful you've got the funds to toss away on Ron's new laptop and vacations! See, we might all have pledged $13 or more, but that was to receive the item. I too am **fully* aware of the risks involved, but I am also **fully** aware that when it looks like a duck, sounds like a duck, and is (dare i say it) 'ducking' us, its. a. duck. (I dont't **literally** mean he is a duck, im using that as a catchy reference to being a scammer). Your holier-than-thou postings are unabashedly pretentious. **You** are certainly welcome to let Ron scamper off with your money, and **you** are certainly entitled to say whatever you want, but **you** (as a still confident backer, nearly a year after funding) are the minority in this scenario. Now, had Ron been on the up and up, and said "hey guys, this just isnt gonna work out, I'm in WAY over my head" it would be different. If he had confidently said "I'll do my best to refund everyone I can, here is evidence it just isnt working" that would, too, be different. Instead, and i implore you to go back and read every update, we've gotten boilerplate buzzwords and stock photo's. Could I be wrong? Possibly. Could Ronnie here be **fully** aware of the situation and **fully** in control of it? Possibly. Is it more likely that in another 3 months he will finally let us all know there just isn't anything left and he feels real bad but there was (enter situation no one can confirm here) blah blah blah? You betcha. I sent Ron 6 emails and 4 phone calls to get him to post back here, and I can **almost** confidently say it was reminding Ron that as a former federal investigator (with family in Salt Lake City) that I'd be sure to get in contact with him somehow, that got him to return here. He still has yet to respond to any of us with a direct response, and if you also view those questions (here in the comments) he has not referred to them. You, @david, are doing nothing to help the situation, you are simply being the lone dissenter who is perfectly fine with Ron taking your money and running. I don't know about you but I work quite hard for my money (and our tax rate isnt so low in our state, dave) and while $13 isnt a large sum of money, its more than just the dollars. It is the very idea that we have been stuck in a game of 3-card monty, yet every time Ron shows us a card it is the same card over and over(the metaphorical 'excuse' card). I've asked and suggested to Ron that he upload SOMETHING that shows us his progress, yet he has not. @David This creator has shown, and continues to show, absolutely NO respect for the people that funded his vision. The absence of any regularity around communicating with his backers is nothing short of negligent. His refusal to address to us, his backers, about what is happening with the project and where he is having problems goes against exactly what Kickstarter is about. We are suppose to be brought along on the journey from conception to production. THAT is what is expected when funding a project. Being that the projected date of completion is long overdue is the exact reason he should be filling us in on what is happening (good or bad) and what stumbling blocks he is facing and has faced. THAT is the spirit of involvment that we are suppose to receive. This guy has spent WEEKS without so much as logging into Kickstarter let alone NOT addressing posts or questions from us. When he does post it is in a generic and non specific way with NO details. He is very noncommittal and refuses to give any information that directly addresses our concerns and inquiries. All of his actions, and non actions, does nothing but foster an atmosphere of dishonesty and distrust toward him and his morals. You, in no way, have any authority to offer any apology for me. I personally am not sorry for directing any negative comments toward this guy. I, for one, am **fully** aware of the risk I took in backing this and any project on crowd sourcing websites and reject his apparent ideas about his lack of an obligation to communicate with his backers. Well i don't want a refund. @Ron you take as much time as you need bud. You gave me your dream and that was reward enough for me. When i backed this project i had no expectations of getting any rewards at all. I'm disappointed that some of you feel like you **EXPECT** something tangible. And per kickstarters TOS a projects responsibilities and obligations are quite different. I still want to see this project completed and want to see it succeed. I'm sorry for everyones frustrations in here and if you bought multiple units i totally understand it more so. But you should have made yourselves **fully** aware of the risk you where taking when you got involved. Pressuring the creator will get us nowhere. I would like a refund also, but Ron isn't going to give us a refund... The only way to get our money back is to make this a legal matter now. I'm just waiting on a call from a colleague of mine ;). So when can I get a refund? This is ridiculous. Ron, I too am requesting a refund. Hi Ron, I'd be quite happy to have a refund now. I've lost the WOW factor about the mutator now and would like a refund for the amount I paid? @Brian @Others @ALL Hey i understand your frustration, i'm frustrated as well. Very frustrated. And i know the place you are coming from trust me. I've handed out money before and didn't see any return so yea i know that place. You want to chew on nails. And like you said @Brian you put your effort into it and really get behind a project like this and want to make dreams come true. For me the worst thing about it when i lose out is that the people i recommend a item to also lose out. Because 99% of the time when i tell family and friends about something they usually jump on it too. So its not just me losing out its also me looking like a complete idiot with them too. So don't think for a second i don't understand your frustration. We are all in this together. Let's recap. @David, You said it starts the second week of January and last for 15 days which you said is about the third week of February and you calculate that being 15 days? So 3 weeks of Jan and 2 or 3 weeks in Feb.... Remind me never to ask you for estimates mate! Here is what I would suggest. Ron giving us a solid update on Monday. Anytime Monday. An "OFFICIAL" update that shows on the project and not in the comments section. An update that shows more than a blanket statement. That's really all we are asking for and keep us posted good or bad once a week or week n half. He could even say Hey guys I'm still here. That's really all we are asking for. We are here to help him make dreams come true. I for one help promote a lot of different projects on kickstarter and will even go out on my own and tweet about those projects and get others involved. I do this to help others reach their goals and achievements. I am all for it. I love seeing things blossom into more than what the project starters dreamed of. This project feels like we were taken advantage of and left in the dust Bc someone was not prepped for the real world and starting a project. And no i'm not chinese! With regards to chinese new year. Chinese new year is a 15 day celebration with preperations starting on the second week in january (in the US) and things winding down the third week in february. The chinese celebrate new years for 15 days straight, this is how its always been FWIW. *Btw the other projects I have funded have communicated the setbacks they have came across and we all understood even if the dates where pushed back. They are COMMUNICATING! funny how such a bigger project that would have so much more little details can come along. Why was there no research done before this project was started? Btw the way. The other projects I have funded have communicate the setbacks they gave What's with the dark karma crap? What planet are we on talking about this. There is nothing spiritual about this or your dark karma crap you speak of yoda. @david, it's business and when there is no communication or vague communication about investments there are issues. It's not just about my investment anymore. it's about the project in a whole. Who do you work for or what do you do? Are your projects "karma" free? Have your ever made a project or any business decisions in your life. Probably not, seeing that something like this makes you "physically sick" lol dude get a grip. Business is business and if you don't show anything for it then your no more than a cheap Ponzi scheme. Google is a wonderful thing. Plus the internet. You don't have to go far to find someone's history and what they have done in the last year. With this Ron dude. There is a lot of sketchy things that come up in his internet carbon foot. after he got is "funding" Ron, did you buy a brand new retina mac book pro after you were funded or what about the finances you used to "fly to china" if that's something you did, So where did you get that money from? I would want to think that it was from his job he has and I would want use what you would call "positive intent" but when you see purchases being made after being funded from a project you tend to think differently. These are things you have to be accountable for when you start an investment and yes in the real world you have to keep everyone updated with the little things. Ron hasn't even gave us anything on the backerkit that we are suppose to fill out! When you have no communication about a project that seems so simple to pin point even with the dynamic problem you may occur, there is a major business ethic issue. Communication about even problems, to the investors, is better than nothing at all. Plus we are half way through March and this Ron guy is still using the Chinese New Years as an excuse!? Seriously I have great friends that work and live there and they laughed when I told them what was going on. The bottom is that I now feel this project is a bust. I have a meeting with a dear friend of mine that is going to be looking over all this Monday. I'll know more about what should be done then. By the way in the history of kickstarter I have not found another project that has went this long without communication or had this much trouble. even if they did they had a " project update" @David, I feel you are being naive. We aren't hunting Ron down, we're asking (and being forceful in asking) for communication. I, like you have funded many campaigns, through KS, indigogo, and here locally in RI. Each campaign runs differently, but they all share a common thread, communication. All we have to go on at this point is Ron assuring us he's made progress, yet he can't or won't SHOW us any progress. I really think Ron only deserves slack once he has rallied up and gotten things back on track. With all of the time, energy and anguish ron has put into this project (and yes obviously thats giving him the benefit of the doubt).... then only to hear some of you guys say things like you want to basically send seal team 6 after him its mind boggling to me. Now my funding experience is limited. In my lifetime i've only funded about 5 projects. (not just on KS but other crowdsourced funding sites as well) so please take my thoughts with a grain of salt. I just can't wrap my head around this. Am i being naive ? @Garrett I really do appreciate your thoughts. I hope mine didn't make you feel any worse. Its just all of this hostility and "dark karma" surrounding this project lately is making me feel physically sick to my stomach. Never in my wildest dreams did i ever think people would be so quick to jump on someone like this. When i backed this project i never had any expectations to get anything at all for my money. It was a gamble then and its a gamble now. But i have to be frank with everyone here i feel so depressed that this is the way the road the project is taking. I must be in the minority. Call me the faint of heart if you want but i think we all should cut ron a LITTLE SLACK! @Ron, I read it in it's entirety. Instead of replying to the email I sent you, which CERTAINLY was tinged with a seriousness, you have just posted here. The issue here is not necessarily the delays (which happen), it is the somewhat nonchalant attitude towards it. You've got 1,171 people who you directly report to re:mutator (whether you see it that way or not). Coming out of the woodwork only to leave a blanket statement, (that in reality is not addressing the comments directly) isn't productive. People have asked you direct questions, which you do not answer. Now, had you shown us (the investors) tangible proof, evidence, documents, trip tickets, paperwork, prototypes, (etc) it would be COMPLETELY different. What we've seen are generic photos. As the investors (first or second tier) we have given you capital in return for a product. MANY projects take a year, some even more, BUT those manufacturers and creators understand that they report directly to their investors. Evidence of how our money is used isn't something you can choose not to provide us with. It is, without a doubt, time to give more information and evidence of your progress. Simply addressing the real issues (and not blanket statements filled with ambiguity and buzzwords) will get everything back to an even keel. We don't need to hear how difficult it is three or four times, we need to see what you are DOING. Buzzwords don't mean anything. @David, I look at it this way, (regardless of total pledge), we, as investors, have given him capital. Asking for a refund isn't like clubbing a seal, its akin to asking someone for a proof of concept and when they bring you two hand-drawn pictures of seal clubbing, you ask for your money back. Part of the greatness of Kickstarter is that projects can be molded and shaped from the capital someone would have to approach tier one investors for, but on a crowdsourced level. The downside is that instead of normal tier one funding, where you have one investor to report to, you have 1.171 commitments. I applaud people for their patience, but it has been MORE than enough time for a person to reasonably ask for a refund. I think I have a way we could ease a lot of the tensions here. Perhaps ron could send one of the prototypes out for review ? Gizmag and Uncrate have both done stories on the mutator and have contributed to its success. @Ron Maybe you could consider sending one of each of the top production units to them ? I'm sure they would work with you... Releasing only information that you specifically request and withholding any secret sensitive stuff. Hell i would do the review myself if you would let me. I've done reviews in the past for Tweak3D and as a founder of 1SRC i've done PDA reviews in the past. I wouldn't be totally against doing a detailed video review of the mutator. Let us know your thoughts if you feel as though this is in the projects best interest! Wow, i really can't believe the tension in these comments. I really don't know what to say. Things feel so torn in here. I want to see this project succeed. I feel like i'm in the minority here when i say isn't it worth the risk to roll with the punches here ? Like many of you I put my heart and soul into funding this. I feel like asking for a refund at this point is like right up there with clubbing baby seals. By the way why don't you make an official update instead of posting in here. Ron. I would like a refund. That's my creative thinking of it. Have you used any of the money towards anything other than this project? I have a feeling you did. like maybe a MacBook Pro Retina that you have posted from. Projects can take time but time is a matter of communication and customer service from your part Ron. I would like a refund please thanks Hi Ron, Oh I read your last update. It took you a long time to post an update or get back to people that sent you messages. All we wanted was some communication from you. It only takes a moment to log on and say "Hi, I have nothing to report but want to let folks know I am working on it". It was not until you were bogged down with complaints till you posted anything. I know these things don't always run smooth and most of us have supported many other projects so we know the guidelines, it's your lack of communications that is the big issue and it makes people think you don't care and just run off with their money. It's very clear to me that Ron is a scam artist steeling money from people that tried to help him with his product. He can chat on twitter and FB yet can't respond to e-mail messages. I really hope that people do follow up and get the word out about this guy on media. Some bad publicity might be just what Kickstarter needs to revise their terms so this doesn't happen so much. I guess a suit would be in the best interest plus dragging the media in on this would cause some unwanted bad publicity on kickstarters side. Does anyone know a good lawyer that would act for all of us? I'm thinking contact the media next, see if that gets his attention. "From Amazon Payments (via phone contact with customer service): Amazon Payments is unable to initiate any form of correction, due to the 105 day maximum. Even in situations of less than 105 days, the support team (for kickstarter via amazon) would simply refer you to your bank/credit card/institution." Its certainly possible that if 1,171 backers complain to kickstarter, at least SOMETHING might be done. I guess next is the bank, as Ronnie here isnt answering phone calls. @Brian - ive had a back and forth with Kickstarter support, and all i got were the generic canned messages about "...thanks for telling us we'll discuss this will the creator", after 4 messages and literally telling them they are wrong, I got this: "1) The requirement, as outlined in our Terms of Use (below), states that the creator must fulfill a project as promised, or refund all backers, but there is no timeline for this and no way for us to force the creator to do so. Delays, sometimes very lengthy ones, can always happen and we hope that backers will understand this and stay positive and supportive. It's important to keep in mind that projects that launch on Kickstarter are often very early in the development process. This gives backers an opportunity to be a part of the creative process from the beginning. It also makes backing a project on Kickstarter very different from purchasing an item in a store. That said, we also expect that the creator will be communicative and transparent while working through these delays. It really sucks when delays happen and the creator isn't communicating - as a frequent backer myself, I can completely understand your frustration. We (the Kickstarter team) try our best to communicate with any creator we see falling behind on communication, or who has run into any roadblocks. But, again, since every transaction on Kickstarter is between the backer and creator, there is only so much we can do." Amazon payments will not assist anyone in reversing the charges, as it is outside the 105 day period. Ron, Do you really want to get in to a battle over this? You will end up paying more than $24,486 after everyone is done with you. All you had to do is communicate with everyone. You seem to have used this forum to benefit your own pockets. So is kickstarter just letting this go? No patent applications either, Ron. I can't seem to find an import/export packet either...I've certainly never seen/heard of an overseas manufacturing that didn't require the import/export form for more than 100 pieces... No patent applications either, Ron. I can't seem to find an import/export packet either...I've certainly never seen/heard of an overseas manufacturing that didn't require the import/export form for more than 100 pieces... No patent applications either, Ron. I can't seem to find an import/export packet either...I've certainly never seen/heard of an overseas manufacturing that didn't require the import/export form for more than 100 pieces... So what is the status of this project? Haven't seen an update since january. what is going on? I hope the iPhone 6 doesn't beat this to the market... Hey Ron! Listen, MAYBE my 6 emails to your multiple addresses and my 3 phone calls just didn't make it to you (weird, I know, right?) Oh well, good thing I've still got the legal assets from my time as a cop and investigator! What is even better is in a world like today, LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/pub/ron-adair/7/148/3a7) gives me EVERYTHING I need to know! Ah, well, hey, there is still time to start issuing refunds, right? Heres to hoping you get your head back on straight! Having to owe 1,171 people $24.4k is a heavy, heavy burden...going to have to sell a LOT of pictures, Ronnie. Hugs and kisses, can't wait to see you defend yourself! Love. @Ron Adair Hey Ronnie! You do know that as an American using the internet in the commission of a crime (Grand Larceny in this case) is a federal offense and you can do time in a federal lock up don't you? By the way the federal prison system does NOT have parole. You do the whole sentence! Something you should consider. Technically Ron you still haven't given any official updates on the project. You only posted in your own comment section. Plus. By the looks of your social networking. You and your little Pathos International LLC have posted nice little pics of your pub visits. Plus. And try to be honest. Have you spent any of the project money on anything other than the project? Please be honest. Hi Ron. I understand what you mean by updating us as significant progress is made, but I do have to make a few points regarding this. Firstly, 7 weeks is a really long time with no communication, especially for when you should be updating people who have purchased a product from you. I do not think this changes at all throughout the course of our involvement with your project (whether before or after the estimated delivery date). We contributed to your project, so we deserve communication. Secondly (and in addition to the last one), because we are so far past the estimated delivery date, I feel you should put even more effort into communicating. I get it, you are a busy guy, as am I. But we are four months past our when we expected to get the item. Before that date, we could have safely assumed that you were busy at work and busy making this happen. Far afterwards though, in the situation we are in now, we are wondering what's going on. I think your obligation to communicate at this point, by principal, should be greater based on where we are in the timeline. Additionally, I don't think being on a business trip is a justification for a lack of update. Again, I understand if you are busy, however logging into Kickstarter for a quick update takes very little effort and time. There are very few places in the world that have absolutely zero access to the internet (Trust me, I know. My brother who lives in Thika Town, Kenya still regularly communicates to me via his crappy internet connection). And with smartphones being in everyone's pocket, it is even easier to communicate. My point is this: don't forget about us. We're customers of your part-time job that is Mutator. If you don't have anything new, still talk to us. If you are going somewhere and are in fact cut off from the internet, give us a heads up. That way we won't be left in the dark wondering after a month-and-a-half of silence what you're up to. Thanks for listening. Maybe if you jumped on once a week which takes less effort than to check your facebook every 15 seconds and just say "hey guys, Im still here!, Things are slowly coming along and I have hit some bumps but I assure you its coming along, Sorry that its not as fast as I intended it to be, But it is. " Looks like a blanket statement with maybe an update here and there as to what the issues are, would help and even if its bad news would work for me. All I am asking for is you to keep everyone in the loop. "Great customer service is about communication. The product sells itself. Its the Customer service that will make you or break you." @Ron "I see projects (including this one) where backers curtly comment "I don't care if it works, just ship it."" Now Ron, you are just making stuff up. While I've only scanned the General Comments section back to November I haven't found one comment where someone has expressed this sentiment! "You are no doubt inconvenienced by the delay in the project, the pitfalls, and the lack of a recent update or two keeping you apprised as to the efforts being expended on the project. Your frustration is shared by me." YOU can alleviate the major bulk of the frustration by just telling us what is going on and not waiting seven weeks withoug so much as a single word! The only frustration anyone here has expressed is the fact that we haven't heard a word from you. You stating that you share that frustration is infuriating as YOU are the cause of it. Not the Chinese New Year or the busy factories or any of the pitfalls you are obviously trying to overcome...it's the fact that we haven't known (and still don't know) what it is that is happening. Here is a perfect example "I cannot say with confidence that the current step I'm taking will be the last..." What exactly is the current step? What exactly are you waiting to hear or waiting to have done or tested? You've managed to type a lot of words here Ron and not tell us anything new. You took the time (finally) to log into your project and complain about backers comparing your project to others yet you STILL haven't told us anything of importance. It seems to me you haven't figured it out yet. You need to communicate...good news or bad...tell us about the obstacles you are facing and have overcome (or that need to be overcome)...tell us about the successes and milestones you have made not just the fact that you have faced them. @Ron "I have stated in a number of updates that I will be updating when there is something to share." Sharing, even bad news, is better than complete radio silence for 7 weeks! We are not all here waiting to hear only good news. We contributed to the process as well as for the reward. Not hearing ANYTHING for that length of time does nothing but fuel the concerns of people that funded your project. While it is your decision as to what you feel is worthy of sharing you need to understand that seeing that you haven't even logged in during the 7 weeks of silence to address your backers in the general comment section, will only result in the kind of negativity you will continue to receive if you maintain this level of (non)communication. As an example, how long and how difficult was it for you to write this little notice? Thanks guys, I have reported Ron also. I am only in for the 13 so it is not about the money for me it's about how this guy is treating all his backers. Ron has still not logged on since Jan 13th. the only to get his attention is to dispute charges with your bank and make it his problem I emailed his personal email which you can get from email through amazon. Bc they cc him in your email when contacting him over the charge. Lets see if a blanket contact through every email hes got listed makes any difference before I step up my game. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Mar 04 17:13 Hi Garrett, Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting creative ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete the project as promised and keep their backers updated along the way. In this case, it looks like it’s been a while since the project creator posted an update. I reached out on behalf of the backers, asking that the creator post a project update and reply to any outstanding messages. I certainly hope that this will motivate the creator to post an update, and communicate more effectively moving forward. In any case, we've made a note of this project and the status will certainly be taken into consideration should the project creator submit another project. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Katie called bank they are disputing charges - successful We all need to contact kickstarter: <email> twitter - @kickstarter <url>’t say the same for Ron. Ron has not logged in since Jan 13. Even if there are no updates the guy should at least log in an say "Hi, I have no further information" or somthing to let people know he is not just a scam artist taking our money. I know there is risk when backing somone and somtimes things fail but this is just not good. I don't care if he has logged into twitter or anyother site, he should be looking and responding here and giving updates even if there is not much to say. I do understand some delays but we are not jumping to any concluesions. It is a fact that we have not gotten updates or responses to e-mails and Ron has not logged in to field questions from backers. Hi David, as has been said by many here, lack of communication is not good for RONs cause. It has been 30 days since the last post, an update, even to say OOPS I have some troubles is good so that it puts everyone to rest. I'd like to think that all is OK, but if its not its a risk we take. Its, just as many have also mentioned here, its disappointing that communication is not forth coming. People understand and forgive if an explanation is given, they tend to fester and lash out if an explanation is not given that's all. I'm still looking forward to this, but if it does not come, well then so be it.. I wish Ron all the best, but please mate, give us an update if you can.. THANK YOU Logging into Twitter is meaningless. THIS is the place to make any announcements regarding this project and to communicate to his backers. HE needs to update us as to whether or not manufacturers are swamped or not. He needs to communicate! Until then more and more backers are going to believe he stole our money. Again i think everyone here is jumping to conclusions. Lets look at the facts again: - Ron last logged in on twitter on january 30'th - February was a short month with only 28 days. - It is March 2nd. - Suppliers and machine shops are swamped from january 15th to the beginning of march. (and i know this because my uncle is a foreman at one) - Ron has provided steady regular updates and his last update said specifically he will provide further updates as major developments evolve. Now i feel the same way many of you do however I think given what we have seen so far its premature to think he has run amok with our money. @LIbbey Agreed. Failure can, at times, be unavoidable. The problem here is the lack of any information regarding the status of the project. If it failed that would be disappointing but we don't know whether it has or hasn't. Any negative feelings that have been festering in this project could have easily been avoided with just a few minutes of time dedicated to informing us backers where this project stands. Even if it happened once every 2 weeks that would have been enough (for me anyway). While Ron Adair isn't the only project developer here on Kickstarter that can't understand the positive use of effective communication he is, by FAR, the worst I've been involved with. Sad how the lack of such a simple thing can cause a man to lose his reputation along with all respect of the people that funded his vision. @Libbey if there is no return on investment we are entitled to a refund according to kickstarters terms and conditions. So when enough people start to get annoyed they will start demanding refunds. As backers - everyone involved should understand there IS risk to funding any Kickstarter project. I understand there is no guarantee on return of investment - but what I banked on was integrity, and there just isn't any pride of authorship or in keeping one's word here. Not the end of the world I guess, but for me, it's worse than on a loss on investment... Because it feels like a scam. Some projects fail & that is unavoidable at times. Failure doesn't make backers happy, but it certainly isn't cause for anger either - just disappointment. That said, what ticks me off about this situation is the lack of professionalism, communication and accountability on Mr. Adair's part. ANYTIME would be a good time to turn that around - and I hope it happens - whether the product gets made or not. @DAvid Xavier It's been 6 weeks since we've heard a thing from this guy. Tell us all exactly what he deserves credit for. Wow you guys are REALLY unforgiving. With backers like you guys who needs enemy's ? Really the last update was january 13th. Lets give the guy a LITTLE credit before we all start grabbing the pitchforks, hatchets and torches. sheeeesh Hi RON, seriously please update us all, even if its to say I've run out of money and you will not get the mutator, cop the abuse for a few weeks and then disappear from this community and you will only be but a memory, if you keep quiet you are inflaming this situation even more and doing your self any good. I'd like to think that you are busy or maybe be ill that would be a good thing (not that you are ill but that you can explain the deafening silence). ANYWAYS i hope we have not done our DOH but if so, there is a lesson here that we as backers have learnt (still not sure what it is tho...) Isn't something like this grand theft and prison time? Kickstarter needs to change their policy on Refunds and Fraud. It is not cool to create an environment where people can scam your money from you. Ron has not logged on since Jan 13th and is not responding to anyone. @Ron, is it really worth $24,486 to ruin your reputation and be reported to the BBB and whatever anyone else takes it upon themselfs to handle there frustrations. Anyone in America want to give him a call and ask what is going on? - 805.705.2783 435.890.4439 I have messaged him on Facebook and his work email so let's hope we hear something soon. This won't do his business 'adair creative group' any good surely?! Here is a work email too chit-<email> Come on Ron, give us an update! Looks like the money is prolly al used up. Glad he can take the money and use it to buy his food. - <url>"down the drain." (God, I hope I'm wrong.) The problem with kickstarter is that most who need to get a project kickstarted haven't experienced the process of going from idea to fulfillment. The learning curve is huge from what I can tell. The few dozen projects that I have backed have all experienced major delays. In almost every project people start screaming for refunds and I've even joined in a few times. Then after some thought and experience I learned all would be okay. So now I just check in periodically, ask basic questions, and wait. I haven't had a project not deliver yet. I've waited as long as a year on one project and it was worth it in the end. If that seems too long for you then check out Amazon for items that have already gone through this process. I've learned what things are worth backing on kickstarter and what things are worth just buying when they go to retail. Welcome to Kickstarter. For a project three months overdue (should be nearing final production at least) I would expect updates on a weekly basis - he should be at least chasing manufacturers weekly. About 4 of the 8 things I've back in the last 6 months update weekly... And they at least comment on our posts on a daily basis - not sure what kind of stuff you back! @Hadleigh and @T.Drayton, Ron updated us 9 days ago. This seems reasonable to me, and it is actually better than I've experienced on several of the projects that I've backed. I'm curious - what frequency of updates are you used to seeing/hoping to see here? Jeff Yeah we really could do with an update on what's going on. Thanks Thank god I am only in this for $13. Thought this would be a quick little project and a nice stocking stuffer. It is frustating when projects are delayed and I can understand some short delays but this long and little communication, really? Definition of fraud 'wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain.' Ron = Fraudster?!? I'm starting to wonder =\ Any more news? Just chasing up as if no one asks nothing will progress.... Another update on what's happening with the "tips" maybe. Where is this this guy? Maybe Kickstarter could do some search to inform to backers? I must include my voice in the consensus; I would like a refund as you have not held up your obligations. I along with others want a refund. I want to get a refund!! That's.... I don't want it anymore... as u fail your deadline! Same as Jason! It's bad enough that the deadline has come and gone but now there is no communication. I want my money back. Blurry pictures and lack of updates weekly even if it's minimal info is worry some. It's to the point where I will have to report fraud to the credit card company just to get my money back. Ron signed in again today and still no update. Ron, I believe you are unable to fulfil my reward, and you are therefore required to refund me. Please see the 'Your Responsibilities' section of launching a project. Ron, anyway of a refund? This point blank lack of communication is not reassuring me that we're going to get the Mutator this year! I see all the comments don't mean anything to you...what a shame...you had so much potential...oh well. Hey Ron do these words sound familiar? "...I have realized that action is the only thing that matters in the end." You need to take action and provide updates MUCH more frequently. Seeing as you are 5 days away from the estimated delivery date and you obviously won't make it, you really need to ramp up the communication to us backers. He logged in today but no update or comment =( Weekly updates would be nice Ron, enjoyed reading the last one! Expected delivery pre/post 2014? Thanks Hadleigh I would like to receive my Mutator in October as promised. That gives him ~15 days to ship. Last login 12th - still no update :o Ron, when you first started this project, your enthusiasm kept all backers excited. The lack of communication sort of smothers our excitement, however, you can reignite it with an update, NOW. And can keep it going with regular updates. (Every 5-7days). Thank you for caring.TRI Blaa this sucks - surely there's an update due now?! So he logged in yesterday and didn't bother to comment then either. That's just plain rude! @Hadleigh I gotta say a month with no sample pictures or new updates is a bit concerning. Nice to have an interim update or even a few responses to our comments for reassurance, just to say it's taking a bit longer than planned. Especially when a few weeks ago he was planning to have a few samples delivered. With KS projects like Thermodo they keep you updated even with samples or when they don't have much new information to share. Hoping to hear something in the next 24/48 hours though! Everyone a new product takes time, give Ron some slack he'll update when he's ready to And* What's up with my mutator? October better not come & go... An no Mutator. So yeah, any updates? October has come, and the mutators haven't. So is now a good time being concerned? Last response/update was Sept. 13 and nothing since then. Last logged in 2nd Oct and didn't bother to even post a comment on how things are progressing - that's if there even progressing. Thirty-Three Days...and counting...has the operation closed down? No updates for a while, haven't shown up the samples that were due a few weeks ago.... What's going on? At least just send an update to keep us informed that things are going slower than you planned. Over three months since this was funded; any idea on when it will ship? One month since last update. Updates need to happen much more frequently so that us backers don't begin to feel neither neglected, ignored or cheated. Post an update! Lack of updates or even comments on this thread to us investors makes us worry. Weekly or bi weekly updates would be appreciated. Hi Ron, hope all is well... I just got my new iPhone 5S, and the new leather Apple 5S case, I was curious will Mutator fit in it with out me having to modify my $40 case? Have you considered a extention for Mutator so it'll fit with cases? October 2014 maybe Is the project still going to deliver in October? Ron, it's been 17 days since the 10th update...what's goin' on? Thanks...TRI My apologies. You are correct Cool Breeze. @David Lauw while I too would like an update as to where this project stands, to be fair Ron's last update was 11 days ago not 2 months. Wow, one of the other projects I'm backing was a week behind with an update and everyone was up in arms. This one is 2 months behind. WOW. Next project I back up, I'm going to have to be vigilant on who's the creator and if they're easily contacted. I contacted Ron on Facebook without any response. The update they're planning for today maybe....? Update? What update? Way do for update... Thought I'd join in. Not liking the lack of updates =\ Updateeeeeee❓ Update...? Update please? Yeah an update on progress would be nice. Any progress? A little update might be nice? Any news? Project ok? On schedule? How's the October delivery date coming? Any update on how everything is going? Been a little while... How's the little one (the baby that is ha!)? Congratulations as well! As well as being occupied with feeding, caring and replacing many nappies how is Mutator progressing? Any news for backers? Thanks, Hadleigh Congrats on the funded project! Looking forward to seeing what's next! Congrats Ron Mutator has become a reality. Can't wait to receive it. Oh yeah! Mutator for the win! Reached your goal. Yay..... Glad you reached your goal. Upped my pledge to one metal and one plastic (23+13=$36). :D Glad to hear you are going to use BackerKit to manage the add-ons! Congratulations on funding!!! @Mike LaBella YEP! :) This has been one wonderful ride. What a great success story for a great product! I'm so overjoyed to be apart of this! Uncrate should do a followup story!!! Now the wait begins. Not complaining. We wouldn't be waiting if it wasn't funded so I'm happy to be waiting. Nice! Can't wait to get this in my hands! I knew that you guys were going to make it.. congratulations.. dj grandpa approved.. and backed... what will the charcoal or polished look like? congrats...bumped mine up to 23 from 13. Congratulations $71 dollars with 13 hours left. It's looking good! It looks like we'll make it. A few more dollars guys.... Former pledge: 28 + 8 = 36. Current pledge: (23 x 2) + 8 + 5 = 59 I'll gladly have a charcoal per device! Only $299 to go! I like the keychain idea too, as it must be stored somewhere during use of headphones. dj grandpa approved and backed.... .. I wish that I could have found about this project earlier.. I would have had the creator on the show... either way I wish you the best... down to the wire.. very exciting... I did twitter and fb for you guys good luck.. Only 842$ to go. The suspense is very exciting ! Instead of buying two you could always spring for that metal mutator! We're so close guys. Ron, whats in this "TECH PACK" ? ...and having re-read the comment about shipping, I've just upped my pledge by a further $5. Under $1k to go! :-) I've just upped my pledge, to add 3 (Black) Mutators + $5 shipping. Let's make this happen! :-) looks good so far only 1200 to go. will be upping my bid again. Just over 1K more is all they need... upped my pledge and re-shared this... push people. my iphone needs a spike! I upped my pledge to get another one as the ipad needs one too and the iphone can not have all of the fun :-) Come on people! Raise those backs by a buck or two other wise we won't be getting this amazing product! Lets make it happen!!! I just raised mine, lets get this done!!! @Ron if each backer increased their pledge by only $1.40 we'd be successful! This looks like it's going to be a real squeaker. $1,371 needed with 58 hours to go....ack! Hi Ron, I just ordered the $31 one... And I would like to know when are you going to send oversea? Des Only 71 hours to go! This is the time to tweet share post! Surprised enGadget or Gizmodo still haven't picked up on the project yet. I think its important to note on here something no one has mentioned. Kickstarter only takes your money if this project reaches its fully funded goal. Thanks Ron for the clarification, changed my pledge: 2 standard (early bird) Mutators = ($13 x 2) + $8 + $5 = $39 If possible, 1 white and 1 black please. One for me and one for my m... no not mother, my brother! By the way the idea about putting a hole through the middle for standard keychains is great! The potential for this project is unimaginable. I'm down! Ron, would engraving initials on these be possible ? I noticed you mentioned anonization which is why i ask. Ron, thanks for the clarification! I've updated my pledge to $52 and decided to get 3. @Ron: Thank you for your answers - I've just updated my pledge to "3 standard (early bird) Mutators = ($13 x 3) + $8 + $5 = $52" - I only had to copy & paste your text - nice ! (By the way: Please send me two mutators in black and one in white ...) Greetings from Germany Walter As marie suggested i am increasing my bid an extra 2$ dumb question but is there any pictures of the green kickstarter edition? If everyone increased their pledge by just $1.70 we'd be successful! @Ron: I have a similar question as Shafina: Which amount do I have to add for international shipping if I pledge for 2 mutators: $5 or $8 or $13 ($8+$5) or $16 ($8+$8) or ... ??? And for 3 mutators ... ??? Walter (from Germany) I've increased my pledge to $34 as well (2 mutators + $8 shipping outside US). Let me know if this is correct or not and I'll adjust accordingly. I increased to $34, where $26 will be two mutators, one white, one black. And 8 bucks for shipping, to be sure, because Kickstarter says $8 for shipping outside US. I've increased my pledge to $31, where $26 will be for two mutators. But I'm confused about the international shipping. Is it $8 or $5? Just bumped into this project and instantly became a backer for the metal version. Hope this project funds would love to have this. Don't forget either you can still increase your pledge without losing your place in line for what reward you want :) It feels a little like the virility of the concept is starting to simmer a bit. I propose if each one of the current 1000 or so backers currently upped their bid by only 2$ each we can push this project over the edge! I've already gone ahead and done so. I hope we can make this a reality! Not much to go!! Does anyone know if you can mute everything except the alarm clock? Eesh... I don't know if we're going to make it. I really hope we do! I'd love to have this! @Ron - a simple, elegant solution. Well done! With 10 days left and not seeing much movement in the dollar amount pledged I would think it beneficial to the project to address the people that would like to order more than one. I am sure if there was some update on how to do so, the project would meet it's goal easily. Is this the same as double clicking on home and turning down the volume? Can we make multiple pledges ? Genuis!!!!!! My biggest complaint when I switched from an android to the Iphone (I still regret this decision) was that I could not easily mute everything except the phone ringer, especially when I'm at work (the entire office doesn't need to know I have a new email or text message, but I still would). So I've had to settle for just flipping the "mute" button. I know the new "Do Not Disturb" would accomplish this (phone ringer but no other alerts), but it does not allow notifications to show in the lock screen, therefore I would have to actually check for new messages instead of my phone alerting me silently. I look forward to getting this product!!! Thanks for being awesome!!!! I'm also waiting on an update on how to get more than one? I know the FAQ has an explanation but is this a new Kickstarter policy? Other projects I've backed have had the option to get more than one. Can we order 2? Totally ingenious idea Ron! Really hope this project makes it. Try running some FB Ads to get the word out. Best of luck. Ron, checkout BackerKit . It could make the whole multiple pledge or pledging for multiples easier. It would also help with the surveys etc. Another project I backed did this. It was a smooth ride. @Ron - This idea is brilliant, man. Can't wait to get my hands on the Kickstarter green Mutator. Don't let anyone tell you this idea is stupid, or that there isn't a place for something like this. Anyone with an iDevice deals with the inconsistent volume behavior constantly, and its really not wanted in some locales. Freaking brilliant! count me in as another person interested in seeing a case-friendly version. i think a majority of cases will only need a little bit of extra clearance--mine would need about 2mm. good luck with your Kickstarter. Hey Ron, this is a great idea and it has a lot of potential. Is there any way you could put up some pictures of the white version also? Thanks! Hey Ron! I really want to tip in on this great project of yours, but instead of just ONE Mutator, I would like to have shipped 3 so my friends can enjoy it too. So i chose the "Early Backer" Award Tier, where I then pledged 3x13 USD + 8 for shipment, a total of 47 USD. Is this permitted? Where should I add such a comment to make sure 3 is shipped for the amount I pledged? Hi Ron, just pledged $30, you and I shared the same idea man, I just didn't see it going anywhere and decided to develop tweaks for jailbroken iPhones instead... If you ever jailbroke an iDevice maybe you've heard of Silent Charge Classic And Silent Photo Chill? Or my most famous tweak on Cydia... iOverclock... I'm glad you're taking this idea to a level higher then what I had ever imagined back in late 2010 and actually creating a functional and great product. I commend you and hope you are successful, and I hope I may be able to support you more and maybe converse with you one day. Good luck Ron! @David: thanks for the tip. The headphone trick didn't work for me so I'm guessing the mutator won't either. finally, siri is so annoying and so is playing videos not expecting sound but it plays anyway I would really love to see this come to fruition, but it seems to me there are not enough rewards. You jump from $28, to $99, and then all the way to $350. If there were more rewards in between, I bet you could draw in a lot more support. I also agree with packages that ship with more than one unit. I also vote for a pledge package that offers multiple units. Thanks. Jennifer stick a headphone plug in if you have a cheap set cut it. that should give you your answer as far as I know all the iphones have the anti pervert feature. this tricks the iphone into thinking the headphones are plugged in. The thing that sets it apart from other plugs is you can turn the sound on by rotating the plug. Do you know if this works for iPhones from Japan or Korea? The camera apps on the iPhones here always make a sound as an anti-pervert prevention thing. I'm along for the ride for now not sure if I will stay. If you add a way to easily put it on a keychain and take it off when needed I'd be alot happier. It'd be cool to have a "couple's pack" &/or a "crew pack" (set of 5) for the pledge levels... Is there a way to pledge for more than one? You should build one for the new HTC One ;) Nonetheless I have a pledge down. Fingers crossed it'll work with my HTC One. Would always love a nicer design to compliment though! Great. I also did the cut off earbuds thing but this is stylish ;). Anyways, I backed you and saw a white one is also possible, this would be nice for my next phone as this one will be white. Where can I put in that, if still possible then, I would like a white one? Great idea there. Can you post some pictures of black, white, charcoal, polished, and the KS green version? Ah crap you're right. I'd imagine they make adapters, but my thought isn't as simple as I assumed. Oh well, still looking forward to this for my iPhone. @Ron Adair I have been doing this for a few years with old earbuds, cutting off everything from the jack and using it to silence my iphone. It's cool to see an idea I had come to reality, even if I'm not the one implementing it. I wish you the best of luck! :) @Cody No it will not work for the Xbox 360. The xbox 360 controller uses a size smaller than the standard 3.5mm jack. I understand this isn't the original use as well, but this seems like it could work for Xbox 360 users as well. It would work for people who never want to hear other people talk. Anyways great project, hope it gets funded! My son loves to turn the volume up and down on the iPhone and iPad, and often in the worst places. In the summer at church, there's no sunday school, so we left him play angry birds on the iPad. But he continually turns off mute or pushes the volume up way too loud. A device like this would give us the complete silent option. Until he figures out the 90 degree rotation thing. Will this work with Android phones? Thanks How much gap is there so it will work with a case on the iPhone 5? I use the ElementCase Ronin. <url>