Dear Kickstarters, We know you have been awaiting an update on the status of the IDKEY M. As stated in previous updates, we have been working hard to resolve certain design issues from the original myIDkey product, incorporate Sonavation’s ultrasound sensor technology and then conduct internal trials to ensure the best possible product for our customers. We are now in the process of obtaining the required FCC certifications and governmental export approvals for encrypted devices. We will provide an update as more news becomes available. In the interim, please feel free to reach out to us via <email> if you have any questions. Team Sonavation Kickstarters, If you would like to confirm or update your shipping information please visit <url>’re hoping to get an approval notice this week. A new Android build was sent to GooglePlay last week. We have noted that some users are experiencing issues taking photos on certain Android devices (e.g., Samsung Galaxy Tab 3). Please keep the feedback coming. We continue to fine-tune the app as we get input from our Kickstarters. Thank you for your continued support. Best, Benjamin Chen Chief Executive Officer myIDkey Kickstarters, Just wanted to give you a quick update regarding the iOS app. The latest update has been approved by Apple and is now available in iTunes. As stated in the last update, our latest Android build is also available in the Google Play store as well. We look forward to your feedback. Please remember to post any issues with the following detail(s): device, OS and issue(s). Best, Benjamin Chen, CEO myIDkey Kickstarters, I am very happy to announce that we have released the myIDkey Android app to the Google Play Store. There have been no issues reported so far downloading the app to mobile phone devices. However, there have been some reports of issues with downloading to the Nexus 7 Tablet. We are working through the problem now and will be submitting another build in the next 48 hours. We look forward to your feedback. Please post your feedback to this update and include the following information: · Device type (mobile or tablet) · Model (e.g., Samsung Galaxy S4) · OS number (e.g., Android 4.3) Best, Benjamin Chen, CEO myIDkey Kickstarters, It has been a busy week working thru the holidays of hardware troubleshooting, schematic revision, and layout work. We have designed out the non-performing components and submitted a set of layouts today for another spin of the boards. Our PC board house is in Japan and we should get back boards expedited in 3 days, then I expect that we should be able to have them back from our US manufacturer surface mounted within 4 days. The team and I are excited that our iOS app is out and look forward to continuing to receive your feedback to make the app better. Please read that thread to participate. Many of you are very anxious about the release of the Android App. As I mentioned in my last Tuesday update, the app is in development and about 3 weeks behind. Below are some myIDkey Android app screen shots. Please note that these are not final as we are still tightening up the design. We will continue to post updates as they are available. I expect to have revised designs for new sleeves next week. The firm that we have been working with is closed through the holidays. Thank you for your continued support! We wish you the very best for this upcoming year! Cheers! Benjamin Chen Chief Executive Officer Benjamin Chen here, thank you for all the comments and suggestions on the myIDkey iOS app. I’ve taken the weekend to read through all of the feedback and wanted to respond to a few specifically, as well as note that we are adding many of these feature requests to our product roadmap. For those of you who are experiencing a crash upon opening the app for the first time, we apologize for this poor experience. We have not been able to recreate these crashes and will continue to investigate. If you are unable to open the myIDkey app, please delete it from your phone or tablet and reinstall. If you are still having problems, please email: <email>. Please again note your iPhone model and iOS version and any supporting details that can help us get to the bottom of the problem (e.g., using LTE versus WiFi, number of other apps running, were you able to create a passphrase). The passphrase that we have asked you to enter on first opening the app is a temporary work-around until we have released the myIDkey device. We added this to allow the app to be a standalone password management app. Once you receive your myIDkey, you will not need to use your passphrase to open the app. Your fingerprint swipe on the reader will securely open your app. Please note that this passphrase will remain important in the event that you lose your myIDkey device and need to access a back-up of your encrypted data. In regards to auto-log off (when you leave the app, click the home button or click the screen lock button on your app), we have placed this at the top of our list of new items to prioritize for our development team. Some of our iOS developers are taking a breather after the app launch, but they will be back to work beginning on January 2nd. We have heard you on asking for landscape mode and have also prioritized this on our new feature list. The app was built using iOS standards for capitalizing the first letter of a new line (except for URL). We have noted that many of you find this cumbersome for the user name and password fields. We are planning to disable auto-capitalization for all fields in the next build. We have just received initial data from Apple on downloads. Based on the market list, we are seeing that the myIDkey app is available internationally. Please find below a screen shot from our App store dashboard. We are still working with Apple on approval of the app in France. The app currently features more than 30 types of key cards accessible by clicking on the up/down select button to the right of the word “website.” The beginning of the list features many of the most commonly used websites including Facebook, Yahoo, Twitter and Amazon. The screen shots below show the drop down menu on the add a keycard screen (from the website menu) of a number of these key card types, including Credit Card, Email Account and Bank Card. The Bank Card screens feature fields like Account Type, Routing Number, PIN and even SWIFT code. Currently we support importing data from LastPass. We accept their version of .csv file as an input standard. We will work on accepting other standard formats in the future. - Export your data into a .CSV file - Email the file to an email address that you receive on your device - Once you receive the email, click on the file and select Open in myIDkey - Click OK to import your entries You can Favorite a key card from the main Keycard screen by hovering over a keycard from your list. The screen shot below shows the menu that appears that allows you to View, Edit, Export, Delete or Favorite a keycard. Finally, we are in the process of creating a user guide that will be posted on the myIDkey website shortly. We will let you know when it is added. Again, thank you for your invaluable feedback and continued support. Best, Benjamin Chen, CEO myIDkey Kickstarters, As I mentioned in the last update, our new myIDkey app for iOS has been approved and is now available from the App Store as a free download. It would be extremely helpful to us if you could install the app and give us your feedback. Please post your feedback to this update. In your posts, please include the following information: Apple Device Type (e.g., iPhone 4s, iPad 2) iOS version (you can find this in Settings &gt; General &gt; About &gt; Version) Best, Benjamin Chen, CEO myIDkey Dear Kickstarters, We’ve been hard at work on both the hardware and software for myIDkey and our continued focus has been delivering the best product we can. We’ve also just hired a new head of marketing, Bernadette Baillie, who will be making sure we continue to communicate updates on a regular basis. As always, we continue to evaluate the device to make sure it is built with the most complete set of features to protect your data. As you know, we had to make modifications to the board because of this and in light of the NSA and Snowden news, our security experts are triple checking that we are covering all the bases. We also ran into an issue with Bluetooth PAN for devices that have carrier plans. Basically, the phones “support” PAN (Personal Area Network), but in most cases it is turned off or can be activated by paying additional fees that allow tethering. You might have recently read about the same issue with Google Glass. In order to provide you with the best password management for personal devices, we spent a couple of weeks working through the issue. We have identified a solid path to resolving the issue and we think you’ll be happy with the solution. However, the proposed solution requires thorough testing.The tests are in progress now.Once we can firmly commit to this, we’ll make an announcement. There have been some passionate comments about the new design. We have not ignored your comments and have been trying to address some of the valid concerns that have been raised. Along with our industrial designers, we are making a few changes that we feel will both address some of these concerns and accommodate the changes required to address the Bluetooth PAN issue. Finally, we have made a decision on a production partner and are thrilled to announce that myIDkey will be manufactured here in the U.S. This will allow us to be relentlessly picky about getting every element just right. While June starts summer vacations for some, rest assured our team is hard at work and each week brings more excitement to our team as production continues. Although September is still a few months away, we sent requests for correct addresses to make sure we’re in front of the shipping process as we will be shipping product to the USA and 54 other international destinations.Your shipping data is now stored in our ecommerce platform. Soon we will email a URL that allows you to log into your account, check details and monitor shipping status. We’ve heard back from most of you, but we are still waiting for a few more responses. $15 PIONEER SUPPORTER Survey sent on 04/02/2013 44 backers 40 responses $79 GOLD SUPPORTER Survey sent on 05/31/2013 737 backers 682 responses $99 GOLD SUPPORTER Survey sent on 05/31/2013 2,105 backers 1,859 responses $178 PLATINUM SUPPORTER Survey sent on 05/31/2013 813 backers 714 responses $350 PLATINUM SUPPORTER Survey sent on 05/31/2013 52 backers 43 responses 1) Software and Architecture updates Each week our internal project updates are significant. This week’s status report included updates on iOS and Android mobile Apps, our bookmarklets and our cloud-based portal. 2) Hardware and Manufacturing updates You have asked for additional details on the hardware specs – so please see the following detailed list.We have locked down all components and you’ll see that myIDkey is a very robust device. Following security best practices, you will note that we’re not listing the component manufacturers.We are excited to announce three new additions to myIDkey from backer feedback 1) a small dynamic speaker for user interactions 2) an additional small LED for monitoring battery life and 3) a hardware crypto chip. We wish we could share the credentials of a key EE engineer on myIDkey as you’d be super impressed with the high-visibility projects on the vitae, but the contract is under non-disclosure terms. SoC/MCU:Low power ARM architecture processor unit NAND: Controller for NAND flash (16GB) Display: Display controller: OLED, blue/yellow mono color OLED display module MMU: 256MB LPDDR Audio: Voice search HS USB: USB 2.0 HS 480 Mbps Biometric: Biometric fingerprint reader DSP: Fingerprint DSP controller Crypto chip: Hardware Crypto chip, AES 256 Bluetooth: Bluetooth LE 4.0 + classic - dual mode module Mic: Digital mic + voice search solution Battery: Rechargeable Lithium Ion 3.7v/800mAh Buttons: 4 push buttons (1 up, 1 down, 1 voice, 1 on/off) LED:LED for battery status: red for low, green for full Speaker: Dynamic speaker for user interactions 3) Other activity We are really excited to announce that the myIDkey referral program will be live very soon.Many of you endorsed the program in our last SurveyMonkey. We receive weekly emails about how to buy another myIDkey without having to pay MSRP and this program is the answer. All Kickstarters will automatically receive points in the program based on their purchases so you are closer to getting a free myIDkey. Again, thanks for the ongoing interest and support. Thank you Kickstarters for your continued feedback and input regarding myIDkey feature requests and OS support. After our last update some of you asked for more information on Android support as well as support for additional communications protocols such as NFC for payments. We are looking closely at NFC support and the ability to support payment services like Google Wallet and potentially Bitcoin. These features are unlikely to be released in the September release based on the current project plan but we will advise on a delivery date once the product team has progressed further in the scoping activity. Regarding support for Android; as we have said, this is part of the September release. A few screen shots of the early Android app design can be seen below along with an overview of the software architecture around the myIDkey product. (1) Software Architecture &amp; update – The development team is making good progress. They are working diligently on the web infrastructure, web browser support and the iOS and Android mobile apps. Tools like Confluence and JIRA are proving really helpful in our detailed project management and scheduling. It seems like a daily mobile app update is released on our TestFlight system so good progress is being made here! myIDkey Software Architecture <url>’ll see a board bring-up to verify power supplies, basic I/O connectivity, memory testing, and pin configuration. We will then build our first prototype and begin testing. We plan to do 1000 unit manufacturing runs in our US based factory to deliver the first batch of units. We hope to share pictures of the boards and our factory in June. 3) Other activity - In addition to executing on road map plans, testing &amp; UI reviews we have spent time going over our patent filings and submissions, evaluating product packaging options and planning for future events. We were asked to attend DisruptNY which was a fun event that offered an opportunity for us to meet other product companies that are using biometrics to enable a range of applications, the big area being payments. We will be speaking at the VC in the OC event next week if any of you are local to Orange County and can make the event ( www.VCINTHEOC2013.com ) – please reach out to us if you will be attending! Again, thank you for your continued support and input Best regards The myIDkey team Thank you for your feedback in Survey Monkey, very useful for us. Since so many of you helped us out we’ve picked TWO winners: We’ll be sending myIDkeys to Prateek Reddy and Jim C. McIntyre. While we’re working hard every day, we know you’re not with us in the office and not seeing our progress. But to us, every two weeks the progress feels exponential. 1) Benjamin Chen has moved from our Executive Chairman to CEO.This means he’s watching all details day-to-day. He has incredible experience in delivering technology products including work with Mochila, Viggle, iXL and GE Capital. Thanks to his leadership we are very close to securing even additional funding for: a) additional resource to more closely monitor the Kickstarter comments, emails and updates and manage all details around shipping b) expanding the team and scaling production 2) Hardware update: We have enhanced the design and layout of the myIDkey board working with our local pcb solution provider. We have found that using local partners gives us more expediency in testing and revising. Our schedule shows that over the next 4-5 weeks we’ll see a board bring-up to verify power supplies, basic I/O connectivity, memory testing, and pin configuration. Our 1st prototype will then be built to start testing. Our hardware team is led by Jack and Andre who have experience working with Celestica, Dell, AMD and Kingston. 3) Software update: Our software team is led by our CTO Bill Lindsey. Bill has more than 20 years of software development experience, including more than 10 years designing web systems for companies such as Reed Elsevier and ITT. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Lindsey was a systems architect for TRW, where he developed an Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) solution for AT&amp;T Broadband's customer care organization. The team now includes both software and mobile app developers. They are working diligently on web infrastructure, all the plug-in browsers and the iOS and Android mobile apps. We’re using both Atlassian and LIRA for detailed project management and scheduling. Thought we’d share photos of a couple of our screens for the mobile app. We’re very excited about progress here! myIDkey mobile app icon on iPhone myIDkey mobile app icon on iPad Mini Screen showing pairing Keycards, note the icons for credit card, websites, folders, photos Keycard for credit card We’d like to thank both the hardware and software teams for all the long hours. And we continue to appreciate your support and participation. Thanks! the myIDkey team Greetings, Congrats to Cody Perkins who won the Facebook contest. While our Facebook outreach was not popular with all of you, we did appreciate the feedback and we'll also sponsor contests just for Kickstarters to win a free myIDkey, starting today. If you’d like to enter THIS contest just for Kickstarters to win a free myIDkey please complete this simple survey by clicking on the link below.You’ll be prompted on how to enter the drawing. <url>’ll announce the winner in the next update. We had a great meeting with several of our tech advisors last week.We discussed software delivery cycles, key partners update, product review and resource allocation. It was a very productive meeting and ongoing great progress was made. We are finalizing the details for the Kickstarter’s loyalty program and will be announcing the program in our next update. Thanks again for your continued support, and we hope all our Kickstarters in Boston are safe. The myIDkey team Greetings! We continue to make excellent progress on our continued #1 goal -- delivering the myIDkey that offers the best user experience.Toward that goal here is an updated design with sleeker, rounded corners on the key. During the campaign backers were concerned that the edges of myIDkey might catch on clothing, in other words the device was too square. Your feedback delivered. And here’s our Progress Report: 1) We ran a Facebook contest for our followers and gave away a free myIDkey, congrats to the winner James England. TODAY, we’re offering another FREE myIDkey exclusively for our Kickstarter backers. If you click on this link and “like” us you’ll be entered into the drawing. <url>’re moving into a larger, more productive space – photos coming. 3) The technical advisors on our board will be in our offices on Friday.We’ll be reviewing our progress and will continue to benefit from their expertise. Our board design has been finalized and we’ll send updates soon on our manufacturing plans. 4) We’ve launched our new ecommerce-enabled website to continue accepting pre-orders. Part of the new site that we’re completing is a Rewards program for Kickstarters. As soon as the issues in managing a program like this are flushed out, we’ll be sending you the details. 5) Next week we’ll be sending an update with a survey that includes gathering the information needed for our Thank You Kickstarter’s names on our website.Of course you can easily opt-out of being listed. So “like” us if you can and stay tuned for details on the Rewards program. Good evening Kickstarters, It’s hard to believe we are approaching the final hours of this campaign. The last 30 days went so quickly and are unforgettable for our team. Behind the scenes, the midnight oil has been burning. When you pull back the curtain, here is a peek at all we have accomplished together during the myIDkey campaign. The connection we have made with you, our backers, has been fantastic. You emailed us, texted us and commented on Kickstarter, sharing many good ideas with us around areas such as the design of the device, additional accessories &amp; features, support for third party services, integration with password managers, support for specific platforms and operating systems. So again, thank you for your backing and support! The hardware and software engineering team has been evaluating your valuable feedback closely, looking at what we are able to pack into the first release of the product &amp; building out the plans for the subsequent feature releases. As you are aware, during this past month we built a strong technical advisory board to complement our tech team that has been active in reviewing technical specifications, mechanical designs and validating approaches on everything from security to power management. We value your ongoing input and will be sending you periodic usability surveys so we can keep you in the loop and continue to pull in your feedback on product features and usability. Thank you again for your pledges. We will be using the funds to expand the engineering team which will expedite product delivery, as well as to purchase components and pay for manufacturing your myIDkeys. Going forward we will keep you updated on the progress here via KS updates in addition to updates on our website ( www.myIDkey.com ) and also via our facebook page #myIDkey - www.facebook.com/myIDkey - Don't forget to "like us" on facebook to see these updates. As an additional thank you to the KS community we will be announcing an exciting rewards program in April – for which the KS community will be the first to take advantage of the program. We will also be running promotions on our Facebook page with myIDkey giveaways, etc. So stay tuned. Finally, you think we would be popping the champagne cork tonight --- but, actually we are going to get a full night’s sleep. Tomorrow, all our focus is pointed towards our ship date and getting the product in your hands! Back with you soon and good night! myIDkey team Dear Kickstarters, It has been an amazing journey so far and we appreciate all the great feedback and excitement about the product. We have been working hard to collect all your feedback and review these ideas in our product planning sessions. The goal of the product team is to incorporate as many great ideas as possible without affecting the integrity of the product and our launch date. We hope that you will see many of your great ideas in the current or future releases. Over the last few weeks we have also received great product validation from various experts in the industry. They are all impressed with the feedback we have received from the Kickstarter community. We are delighted to announce that this team of experts have agreed to join the company's Advisory Board. We think you will agree they are all very accomplished in their respective fields and are a great addition to the myIDkey team. New Advisory Board members include: <url>"The Oprah Winfrey Show" and launching key brand extensions and new media ventures that maximize its audience. Prior to working at Harpo, Seitler served as vice president, marketing at ESPN. Leo Spiegel: managing partner at Mission Ventures, a Southern California venture capital firm that invests in early stage IT companies. Prior to joining Mission Ventures, Leo Spiegel was President of Digital Island, Inc., a leading provider of global e-business network and content delivery services. Leo joined Digital Island as a result of a merger with Sandpiper Networks, Inc., the world's first content delivery service provider for the Internet, where he was the chairman, president, and chief executive officer. In 2000, Leo won the Ernst &amp; Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award for the greater Los Angeles metropolitan area. More to do, lots of work ahead but with your support we know we will ship a great product later this year and we are looking forward to hearing how you are using the myIDkey in your everyday lives. Thank you to all for your comments and feedback. It has certainly helped us to review an additional number of use cases and areas of integration based on the myIDkey API so we can work on extending a good platform into a great platform. But on to the main reason for the update...It is really really magnificent to roar past the $150,000 campaign goal. Now, we want to give back to this supporter community by upgrading every myIDkey with an onboard capacity of 8GB. That's a lot of passwords ! But more importantly you can also store lots and lots of your favorite files, music, photos or whatever you choose to save on your myIDkey! So we are asking for your help again to reach our stretch goal of $250,000 and everyone gets more!! Please tweet, google, facebook, email your friends our link <url>"The (myIDkey) thumb drive stores passwords across various services, letting you take 'em on the run." - Engadget "I hate to use the term "sexy" to describe a gadget, but if the myIDkey isn't "sexy," at least it's "damn fine." - CNET "I tried to think of anything I might want to add to this password management powerhouse, and didn't come up with anything." - PC Magazine "For interacting with mobile devices, myIDkey communicates over Bluetooth, providing password management using their iOS and Android apps." - BYTE (&amp; Information Week) "If you're worried about accidentally brushing your finger against the drive on your keychain, you can add an optional tap sequence to further protect passwords." - LAPTOP Magazine "You can plug the device into a computer via USB, or you can connect it to a laptop or a mobile device via Bluetooth - it's a veritable all-around password depot." - Digital Trends "Should you happen to misplace your myIDkey or have it stolen, it is a snap to deactivate its contents for added peace of mind." - Ubergizmo We are sorting through the Kickstarter comments and thinking about community feature packs and what else we can "squeeze" in the initial software release. Keep telling us what you want! The product is progressing quickly and with your help we can exceed all of our expectations. We are very excited that you will be the first to have product shipped to you as it comes off the production line! Stay tuned!, The myIDkey Team Thanks for your comment and question regarding 3rd party integration. Currently, sync is designed to work with the myIDkey software. Support for other Password Manager software is a topic we have identified as an important feature and have it on our roadmap. Thanks for the suggestion.