Happy new year! Funny how this is still a live page My favorite part is still "this is NOT a scam of any kind." Seriously... We could create a new chat forum on this page, bahaha hay guys whats going on in this thread Good thing I'm not a porpoise, then. :iceburn: All porpoises come from Seattle. In case anyone reading this missed it, Tycho of Penny Arcade wrote a bit about this: <url>"buy" the $2500 reward. Once he realized this, he fled. Uh, hello, BetaBeat link clickers. I'm not actually from Seattle, I was just proving I could see your profile. um... The video can still be viewed... XDDDDDD What I find funny is how bold whoever the guy in the video is showing for his face for the scam all In all ... I love the concept of the game..... but....it is just a shame now The website was a free Weebly blog, that was the first red flag I aw. What a poor attempt at a scam, haha 9/porpoise/Seattle!!!???!!! 4,384/deity/my tomb in thebes here a/s/l? Not to mention all the reward levels match The Banner Sagas word for word oh... the website of the game still exists!!! What James said :) Thanks you two! High five to Christopher and Mark for the research on this. This will be our own secret chat room forever!!! Wait, I can still post here? Thanks to those who did all the work gathering the intel. Ahahahahahaha Hi everyone, I'm also putting a dollar down to warn off any other potential backers who read this. As Mark explained, this is a SCAM. All of the art is stolen. Look up "Little Monster Productions" on Google, and -- according to the internet -- they do not exist outside of this KickStarter page. They have no business, no press contacts on their website. Even the pictures of their supposed offices were stolen from another company. Little Monster, if you are reading this now, do the right thing and take down this project. Save us the trouble and save yourself the embarrassment. This entire situation is really insulting to anyone who actually creates or enjoys games, and you're ruining it for the rest of us. The concept art at <url>#/d1bnzom ) and the facebook page which recently went down had pictures of offices like this: <url>