I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Anybody fancy a kick in the teeth : <url>’ll be able to reduce iTracker’s error rate to 0.5 centimeters, which should be good enough for a range of eye-tracking applications. <url>“Since few people have the external devices, there’s no big incentive to develop applications for them. >Since there are no applications, there’s no incentive for people to buy the devices. >We thought we should break this circle and try to make an eye tracker that works on a single mobile device, using just your front-facing camera.” <url>ß ich Bescheid, nie wieder Kickstarter! I just filed a complaint with Kickstarter based on the news that NUIA is selling the software we paid to develop while providing us with nothing but a bogus discount on another product. It is unethical and a simple case of fraud. This project goes directly against the ideology of Kickstarter and I hope they hold NUIA accountable. Otherwise the good faith relationship that Kickstarter is based on will disintegrate. Stephan Odörfer, don't ever think that the European "Right to be forgotten" will let you hide from this debacle. It will follow you everywhere until you repay all the Kickstarter backers you took money from. You have had time to rebuild your business. It's time to pay the money back. File with FCC Kickstarter earn a lot $ from such fake projects... It's easy money for Kickstarter because it can take 10% profit from the creator without any risk. <url>#14 - "Can I get a refund instead? With the offer we have made, we have created a shortcut for those of you, who simply want to get started on Eye Tracking right away. For those of you, who don’t want to take this offer, we don’t have a solution yet." - One year later, have you found a solution? This is the classic example of fraud. Kickstarter has become the place of risk free entrepreneurship. Profits are mine and risks are yours thats the philosophy of the companies. In the long run kickstarter has to change the policy on refunding money like ebay (eg. resolution centre for not getting products), otherwise people will start loosing trust on it. P.S. I stopped crowd funding on Kickstarter due to this project. Learn from mistakes. Scammers, refund my money or part of it at least. I bought a new Tobii EyeX without your stupid discount at a lower price. This was such a scam. All I have been offered is a discount on an expensive product. I want a refund! I start to twitter them at both of their accounts @nuiaway @4tiitoo I want my refund of my $90. This was and absolutely scam campaign. Refund please. I think I am just dreaming. Any news 4tiitoo ???? Can I please get a refund? @james dellow "post funding tab" Where might that be? Again discount for the Tobii EyeX for CES 2015 Scammers! refund our money. Merry Xmas to all fellow backers- have we collectively given up on this? Just reported to KS using their new (to me at least) post funding tab, but they do point out that they won't respond. Has anyone actually sought out legal advice on this? Might make an interesting test case. Waiting for a refund option. How do I opt for one if at all? Don't want to force-buy a competing solution that I didn't require in the first place. Its just lesson learned, never back on any crowd sourcing. Better to buy in retail price!! I don’t think most of us could’ve known. A lot of media outlets covered the Kickstarter, and there didn’t seem to be any problems at the time. They are a company with a history (4tiitoo AG). After all, they have come back as a new business (4tiitoo GmbH). We were lucky to have some backers that did some good work to find out about the bankruptcy, debt, and insolvency. That’s fine. After 4tiitoo starts making money again, we can get a refund =). Joking aside, at the very least, I just want a full explanation of what went down. I still don’t understand why they needed the Kickstarter in the first place if they were just going to file for bankruptcy, and wipe their debts clean. It’s for paying the legal costs? Also, I don’t get why they are using the same business name. I don’t know how it is for anyone else, but the NUIA Kickstarter ranks third on Google with a search of “4titoo”. They should be trying to distance themselves from this. I think someone on the inside paid half for around $50,000 for the Angel pledge, so they only gained $50,000 from Kickstarter backers. Is $50,000 really worth it to have a spoiled reputation among so many people at the consumer level? Like, talking to so many media outlets raised so much awareness. Why not just go quietly into insolvency? Weird. lol, I like how Kickstarter project creators have no control over these comments, unlike something like a Facebook page. It keeps creators in check. Goodbye $50. Lesson learned, don't back international projects. Whoops. Sorry. I posted in the wrong KickStarter window :One thing that would be relatively easy to do in the near term would be to put a couple of markers on your keyboard and track that as soon as you look at your desk for it. Then a virtual keyboard could be overlayed on top of that, and you may even be able to get the 3D point cloud of the keyboard to see it / texture it better." Awesome. Thanks for the question, Drachenherz. I’ve seen some Google Glass videos where they use QR codes as markers, which causes the augmented projections to appear. There’s also the colored glove from 3Gear Systems/Nimble VR. As long as you don’t have to wear anything, I don’t think that people will mind putting a few objects around to assist in the recognition. Just sad. This is why rewards need to be worth it to invest. Some kickstarters rewards are a few dollars of MSRP and this kind of thing causes less people to want to invest. I think they probably started a new company by changing name. Its best case of going bankruptcy and get all assets for free and come back again. <url>‏@nuiaway Hope you had great days at #QtDD14 Looking for new challenges with #Qt #QML and eye tracking & gesture control? #hci <url>"kickscammed.com". There are other projects also out there going through same scenario. I'll be filing with a law firm in September, Michael. I've a busy month in August due to Air Force commitments, but I'm happy to keep you in the loop to join in on this international endeavor. I'm fairly good at researching and will find a firm willing to take this on. Refunds pls!! I am happy to participate in your lawsuit as these people are crooks...been saying that all along. They took advantage of the Kickstarter system knowing all along Kickstarter would do nothing to protect the interests of their funders. What we also need is some press that talks about these crooks. I've been going through <url>"Creditor Information System". 3. Once you click on that link, it will open up the new search system, Try search with "Aktenzeichen" and "beginnt mit" and put "1513 IN 3788/13" in blank search area (which is their file number). 4. You will find all the information about insolvency out there. There are two documents in pdf out there also, if the person who knows German can just tell in brief whats it about than it will be helpful for everyone. I suggest everyone report this project based on the rewards. As of now your pledge plus the cost to purchase one of these eye trackers at the discount simply brings the price back to full price or higher. Right now this project appears to be in violation of Kickstarter rules. The creator must provide details on the allocation of kickstarter funds if they hit a road block and cannot proceed; if they claim they cannot provide refunds. I have yet to see where the funds have been allocated and right now it appears to be a bait and switch using kickstarter to get quick money and using pledges to provide a "discount" to force you to buy a retail product. This person wins either way, they get your money and don't have to send you anything or you buy the retail product at pledge + discount price = full price or higher. This is NOT what kickstarter is meant for. I am not here to purchase retail products or to have creators take money without proving allocation to the project I backed! Möchte mein Geld zurück!! versucht doch mal bei PRO 7 die euch so begeistert angepriesen hat Geld zu besorgen. @Graham Toal Here is what you are looking for: <url>“Due to the patent issues with the eyeCharm we managed to offer Tobii eye trackers to you at a very special price to bring eye tracking to you on the short term.” What special price? “Please also be advised, that the opportunity to switch to Tobii eye trackers will end soon.” As in Tobii’s limited time offer of $95 is going to end. Everyone can get that price. “Due to the patent issues with the eyeCharm we managed to offer Tobii eye trackers” I still don’t get with the patent issues have to do with the offer now. It doesn’t seem like they negotiated with Tobii to get anything. “At 4tiitoo we are constantly amazed by all the ideas that you come up with, on what we should implement next and what you are planning to do.” I don’t get who they are talking to. Are there any backers here that are corresponding with them? It seems like near 100% of the backers are looking for a refund. “Thank you for your support - being faced with these challenges, we probably would have cracked without it.” You can check the history of the comments. When they went silent, I was probably one of the most apologetic of the commenters. I didn’t see anyone else. “We have set up a special email address 'nuia-<email>' to collect your suggestions. We are looking forward to your feedback and ideas to make eye tracking even more amazing.” When they set up their email after failing to deliver, I asked them about the future of the software with the email that they put up, and they never responded. I don’t get why Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer keep on trying to say that they would love to speak to us. Update #10 Aug 8 2013 “Our apologies and an Update on recent events We will get back with details to you as soon as the contracts are signed. Thank you for your support - being faced with these challenges, we probably would have cracked without it. If any of you backers happen to be in munich and want to come by our office, it would be our pleasure to meet you. Best regards from Munich, Tore and Stephan” Sebastian Boettger on Aug 6, 2013 “Hi Michael. Their office is about a mile away from my office in Munich. I sent an e-mail last week to schedule a meeting, but no response. Also, no success by phone. So today I went to their office. The good thing is, there are some few people there, several company names on the door, so they exist, and they have internet. They are there. I am 100% sure they know about this discussion here. I was lucky to run into Tore Meyer (the guy listed on the right). The bad thing is that Tore Meyer refused to talk about this project at all ("Now is a bad moment, we have an important meeting"). Since they had a visitor I didn't want to make it embarrassing for him so I stayed polite and just reminded about my mails and left. There was just some stuff around from their previous project ("WeTab"). A project that also just disappeared with a lot of undelivered promises a year ago.” Sebastian Boettger on Aug 14, 2013 “As I live in Munich I'd love to go there and get a first-hand impression. I sent several e-mails but unfortunately never got a reply. Did anyone get an answer? Did anyone see it in person?” Sebastian Boettger on Aug 27, 2013 “No response yet. I tried several times, but now I have given up on this. I went there once without appointment, and they asked me to leave immediately. Since they had a visitor I didn't want to make a scene and we agreed to re-schedule a formal meeting. Since then they don't answer any form of communication. I just wanted to see what they have, and I would be happy to report here first-hand, but no chance.” Sebastian Boettger on Sep 4, 2013 “No news from Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer... My offer is still valid, I am just a mile away from their office. @4tiitoo, do you have 30 minutes? Let's meet today, 17.00? I could report here together with you - about the status of the software, hardware and if the patent claim really exists, live from your office.” Update #14 - For backers only Jan 3 2014 FAQ and details If any of you are going to be at CES next week, shoot us a mail and maybe we find a chance to meet in person. The average person can’t get into CES. I actually went to the previous CES because I know someone who got me in. I know someone who went this year, and I was thinking about emailing them, but I doubted that they would respond, seeing how they were not responding to anything. They don’t expect anyone to go to CES, and they probably didn’t expect anyone to actually visit their office. They probably didn’t expect Sebastian Boettger to be so close to their office to call their bluff, lol. Sebastian Boettger on Dec 13 “Ok, there is a sad update, they filed for insolvency already, so I think it is officially dead and we cannot expect any further update: file number: 1513 IN 3788/13 2013-12-04, 4tiitoo AG, München, Registergericht München, HRB 172610” If no litigation is going to go forth, can’t you just talk about it now? Who was involved, and what patent was it? They never decided to challenge the supposed patent, so where did all our money go. I still want to know where my $60 + $20 shipping (but nothing was shipped! =( ) went. Unless we actually get a different response, we might have to assume that the project was a ruse to get some funds to pay off debts while filing for bankruptcy Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer still haven’t even mentioned the insolvency yet. I can't find them in the insolvency search engine at <url>€70 + shipping + taxes, less than totally asked for by NUIA. Its a shame! EyeX is just usable up to 24-inch screens, and really requires USB3.0 (see the comments by Tobias Haman). Frag ich mich gerade ob das geplant war. Da muss ich 85$+Versandt nachzahlen um den EyeX zu bekommen und jetzt sehe ich das der beim Hersteller 95$ kostet. Das heißt ich habe 75$ für eine plumpe Software bezahlt welche Tobii von hause aus schon mitbringt. Da fällt mir nichts mehr dazu ein... Tobii EyeX kam heute an. Hab ich wohl überlesen das der EyeX nur USB 3.0 unterstützt. Das ich auf meinem 27'er iMac den Tracker nur über Windows (!WTF?!) nutzen kann war ja für mich schon ein harter Kompromiss. Die Inkompatibilität mit USB 2.0 macht den Tracker nun zu einem teuren und lang ersehnten Briefbeschwerer. Was macht Tobii denn mit dem Teil das es USB3 braucht? 900 mA hätte man ja auch mit einem Y-Adapter und zwei USB 2.0 Ports hinbekommen... Naja, landet das Teil bei eBay... Bin alles im allen schon recht enttäuscht:-( REFUND! I finally got an email about my Tobii EyeX shipping with tracking information. It should be here the 23rd of May. REFUND! "If you've been burned by a crowdfunding campaign, your best course of action is to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau or send a complaint to your state attorney general. In Nash’s case, the BBB in Nashville assigned his company, Altius Management an “F” grade." Washington is the first state to sue a Kickstarter campaign that allegedly failed to deliver <url>"What comes around goes around" - Meaning one day you'll get your comeuppance! I do hope I see it. You're nothing more than muggers! Why on earth would I give you guys more money? This campaign demonstrates your company can not be trusted with sending ordered goods, and even if you did send it, what assurance would I have that the product would be supported in the future. Overall, this just makes your company look bad. band of frauders PLEASE GIVE MY MONEY BACK, OTHERWISE WILL DENOUNCE YOUR COMPANY FOR FRAUD Refund, now. It looks like Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer might get away with not refunding the money: "ZionEyez Kickstarter campaign provides refund after 3 years Way back in 2011 a crowd funding campaign was launched for an exciting new video product which would be embedded in a normal sized pair of glasses. This project generated a huge amount of interest and managed to raise $340,000 from 2106 backers through the Kickstarter campaign, they also went on to sell pre-orders through their website. I was one of the people that was instantly hooked and wanted a pair so I could capture POV video although I did not pledge on the Kickstater campaign I pre-ordered through the website. Today I was refunded the full value that I paid for the pre-order back in 2011, almost 3 years ago, $AUD179.94. The company was notorious for being very quiet about their progress as well as constantly delaying the release date of the product. One thing that I am not sure about is whether they have refunded the Kickstarter pledges as well or just the pre-orders on the website. In Australia crowd-funding pledges are protected under consumer law, the company must provide the product/service or provide a full refund. In the US, where Kickstarter is based, I am not sure." <url>üllen und hinschicken. Mal sehen was da rauskommt. This project was successfully scammed on April 7, 2013. james: first of all, they read here, I can tell for sure. Here is what I did: I mailed to the liquidator my proof of my claim, and how much it is in Euros. Then they opened an online account, I had to fill in an online form and it gave me a PDF, I had to print it and send by postal mail. I assume the online tool is just for assistance and it also works without, but this is what they recommended. I don't know if it was accepted or not. It did not show up in the online tool afterwards, so I cannot tell if it makes any sense. I wanted to tell you if it helps to file claims or not, but so far I cannot tell for sure. I think they try to avoid adding Kickstarter to the list of creditors, it will add $102,608 to the list in the worst case. Regular creditors have been contacted pro-actively, but since we did not get notice, I suppose we are not considered creditors. I have set up a mailing list for people affeced to sync: <email> - you (and everyone here interested) can send me an email so I can tell you more. @Sebastien- have you heard back from the liquidator (sounds like a bad schwarzenegger movie)? You mentioned adding our names to the official list and on Jan 9th said you were looking into it- is it as simple as emailing them and explaining that we are backers from KS? @everyone else- short of venting your anger, there isn't much point in commenting on here, as they haven't logged on since Jan 3rd. Much better for everyone to contact tech media and KS themselves. If there was a concerted effort to blanket email it might not have a positive outcome here, but would draw attention to the issue for future projects. Guys, you won't get your money back by posting "MONEY BACK" here. As said before, you need to add yourself to the official list of creditors. The time is ticking. Is anybody of you going to the event in Munich next week where all most remaining assets - except debits of course - are sold to the new "4tiitoo GmbH"? REFUND! NOW! Of 12 projects I have backed, this is the only one that has ripped me off. Pathetic. Amazingly, these idiots sent a notice that they would be at the CES, obviously spending funders money to get there. I will request refund and email to Kickstarter about this problem. I feel very sorry that I need to do this. Prove you're not thieves by refunding us. Refund please Refund please! Here´s´the proof: <url>"The founders already signed a contract to buy some assets" Any links? Just curious. @Larry: looks like the liquidator did not honour the requests here - and no one has been contacted. I sent an email for clarification, it is now being checked. If it is possible to found a company, reap in 100k plus government grants - and file for insolvency in the same year - it should effectively kill kickstarter in germany. Let's see. At least the people who required a refund should be contacted. The founders already signed a contract to buy some assets, and it would be a shame if the backers here would pay for this. I don't see any notice relative to a bankruptcy in my mailbox. Unbelievable! This scoundrel stole $100,000 from backers. Whatever work he actually performed would not have consumed the whole $102,608, thus he should be refund all that remains to backers in proportion to what was invested. But, no, this rat asks backers to invest more than they promised to get him off the hook by buying a competing, and probably, better product. File complaints with kickstarter, Here is his contact information: St.-Martin-Strasse 53-55 81669 Munich +49 89 2000 128-24 <email> www.4tiitoo.com for some reason, i decided to go ahead and agree to purchase the Tobii. However i have not received a reply. seems to me this project has completely collapsed and our pledges have disappeared into the dust. this was the first project i backed on kickstarter, and i must say that i am completely disappointed. There is no recourse.. none. I think this project would make a perfect "the dangers of Kickstarter" story. Looking back on the homepage, 6 major news outlets reported on this initially, including Time. Maybe one will do a follow up story. There is a saying "never do business with your own money", i think its true in this case. Refund please. On a side note, Tobii received $21 million from Intel Capital, while Eye Tribe is working with, I’m guessing, $4-$6 million in investments, yet Eye Tribe is selling their eye tracker for $99, and Tobii is selling theirs for $195. I think it’s because of Eye Tribe’s strategy: “Unlike Tobii, Eye Tribe says, it is not using special chips to process the eye tracking data. Instead, it’s relying on the processors already in a mobile device. That means, the company says, it can be built into mobile devices for just a couple of dollars. While Eye Tribe will be building and selling its technology as a peripheral as part of a developer’s kit, it hopes to convince mobile device manufacturers to include the hardware as standard in mobile devices, and license Eye Tribe’s software to enable eye tracking.”. <url>’s awesome because I believe that pretty much everyone can benefit from eye tracking technology. Before you move your mouse to select something, it is very likely that your eye gaze goes to the target first. The same thing goes for touch user interfaces. Your eyes are most likely already “touching” the interface widgets before you decide to actually reach out and physically touch them. Would Tobii’s limited time, CES promotion for getting the EyeX at $95, four dollars less than Eye Tribe’s tracker, have happened if Eye Tribe wasn’t here? Besides Eye Tribe’s eye tracker, what other consumer-level eye trackers are there to compete with Tobii? It’s a good thing for everyone that Eye Tribe stepped into the ring. I wonder if Tobii was ready to anticipate 4 PhD students banding together to disrupt the eye tracking industry. Speaking of Google, it reminds me of Google Glass, and other head-mounted computers. At 13:30 of the video of Eye Tribe’s presentation at Techcrunch’s Hardware Battlefield (<url>’re looking at a person, and an online profile pops up (by the way, that would definitely help with breaking the ice, and initiating a conversation). Notably, Google has been granted an eye tracking patent that involves recording advertisement impressions through eye glances with pay-per-gaze, and another patent that demonstrates a method to unlock a device by having a head-mounted accessory track the patterns of the pupil, so while it’s just speculation, it isn’t unreasonable to think that Google could soon be throwing its weight behind eye tracking, especially if you factor in the projections that have Google Glass being shipped in 2014. @ksg "Tobii and SteelSeries team up to bring gamers the world's first eye tracking gaming gear. Be first to develop with the Tobii EyeX dev kit, just $95 with coupon code CES2014." This month, anyone gets a discount, so we backers really aren’t being offered anything. “And we deeply regret, that switching to a Tobii Eye Tracker does not make everybody happy – we understand that everybody had different reasons for backing the eyeCharm and some of these reasons can not be satisfied by the compromise we can offer you today” A compromise would involve us getting something. Please add me to the official list of backers requesting a refund. Spending additional money on a discounted Tobii product is not acceptable to those of us who already have invested in a Kinect device. @Daniel Brownell I didn’t get a response when I asked about the NUIA API, so I doubt that there will be any future support. Even if there was support, NUIA has left too bad off an impression. @Sebastian Boettger Thanks a lot for all the great work and research. You don’t have to do any more if you don’t want to. @Bytemaniac “Regarding the tobii offer I got no answer - interestingly, neither of 4tiitoo nor tobii .... strange eye tracking companies... But apparently not all - yesterday i have received the shipping notification for the "EyeTribe"-Tracker! Let's see ...” Martin Tall Shared privately - 6:48 PM Hi Jeff. Stumbled across the discussion about the NUIA eyeCharm on Kickstarter. Just to be clear we have nothing to do with the patent lawsuite. It's another vendor.. who claims to be the worlds leading eye tracking company. It's very shady how they try to scare small companies like 4tiitoo. That was from an employee of Eye Tribe. He defended 4tiitoo, but then just this month, Tobii, 4tiitoo’s partner, goes and litigates against Eye Tribe for patent infringement. It’s disheartening. (In an article by Techcrunch, it says that Eye Tribe received an additional $1 million in seed funding during CES 2014. Eye Tribe was also one of 14 contenders in Techcrunch’s Hardware Battlefield competition, so I’m not sure if Tobii’s litigation has merit, or is it a tactic to drain resources, and slow down the company. <url>’t wait to try it. I purchased the pricier Tobii EyeX also because I wanted to try both software development kits. Cost differences aside, I’m leaning towards wanting to see more development on Eye Tribe because when they were Gaze Group, they created the open-source ITU GazeTracker software for use with cameras, which helped to provide a low-cost alternative to commercial gaze tracking systems. Lots of students and hobbyists use the software, and it helped bring the technology to many more individuals. Gaze Group is a member of the nonprofit Communication by Gaze Interaction Association (COGAIN), a European network that aims to help citizens with motor impairments communicate by developing new technologies and systems, improving existing gaze-based interaction techniques, and facilitating the implementation of systems for everyday communication (At one time, I was about to buy a high definition webcam, and was learning how to rip out the infrared filter so that I could pair the webcam with the GazeTracker software, but Eye Tribe revealed at CES 2013 that a product would come in the next several months, so I just decided to wait. But the open-source ITU GazeTracker software is still available for anyone that is interested: <url>"4iitoo GmbH") - yes, it has the same name but a slightly different legal form - should be allowed by the creditors to buy assets of the bankrupt 4tiitoo AG - BY A SECRET CONTRACT ALREADY SIGNED the same day the insolvency was opened (!). The approval is automatically granted when the creditors don't constitute a quorum (Wohoo). Which is somewhat inevitable since claims can be added for another month, the creditor list is not even complete. So they can buy the assets for a fraction, and maybe they can get rid of some companions too along the way. Tip to the hat. I think we need to bundle the claims and mandate one or two people to represent the kickstarter people at the dates, especially the 06.02.2014, 09:00. I think they are after the daughter company called "wetab gmbh" - if this is still a daughter company at all. Weird, really weird. So complicated and so much work, for what... It's not productive. Tja, die sind pleite und daher gibt's auch kein Geld. Man kann sich höchstens beim Masseverwalter melden, vielleicht ist da was zu machen - zumindest im Rahmen der Quote (also 30% oder so...). Auf Fragen wie denn das tobii-Angebot in Anspruch zu nehmen sei habe ich keine Antwort bekommen - interessanterweise weder von 4tiitoo noch von tobii.... Schon ein interessantes Volk diese Eye-Tracker-Companies... Aber anscheinend nicht alle - für den Tracker von TheEyeTribe habe ich vorgestern die Versandverständigung bekommen! Mal sehen... ----- Well, they are broke and therefore there's no money. One can at most contact the bankruptcy administrator, perhaps there is something to get - at least under the quota (ie 30% or so ...). Regarding the tobii offer I got no answer - interestingly, neither of 4tiitoo nor tobii .... strange eye tracking companies... But apparently not all - yesterday i have received the shipping notification for the "EyeTribe"-Tracker! Let's see ... Ich finde es eine Frechheit, wenn man hier seinen unmut kund tut, dann wird mittlerweile automatisch der Newsletter gelöscht. Also arbeitet doch noch jemand an dem Projekt um zumindest die auszuselektieren, die einfach nur Ihr Geld zurück haben wollen. Also schickt mir entweder endlich ein funktionierendes Gerät oder mein Geld auf die bekannte Bankverbindung zurück. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Can Kickstarter refund the money if a project is unable to fulfill? No. Kickstarter doesn't issue refunds as transactions are between backers and creators directly. Creators receive all funds (less fees) soon after their campaign ends. Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for non-US projects). So. There isn't anything anyone can do for pple like us to get a refund or something? Kickstarter themselves doesn't have any clause or penalty against the campaign starter for not delivering what they claimed they will be doing? Very disappointed by this project. The project creator (Tore Meyer/4tiitoo) failed to -respond to my communications to them -deliver on their project -provide details about what was really going on ( I wanted to know details about this potential patent infringement ) ...and now it appears as if they've filed for insolvency (<url>ühle mich von Ihnen über den Tisch gezogen!!! Überweisen Sie mir meinen Einsatz unverzüglich auf das Ihnen bekannte Bankkonto zurück. Ich habe bereits mehrfach an Ihre E-Mail Adresse geschrieben, die Mails kamen immer unzustellbar zurück. Ich schalte ggfs. meinen Rechtsanwalt ein. Im Übrigen ist es nicht korrekt, Ihre deutschsprachigen Partner mit Infos nur in englischer Sprache zu unterrichten. Ihr seid doch in München!?! Ich bitte um unverzügliche Antwort auf dieses Schreiben. Mit besten Grüßen fischer, 06.01.2014 Just want a refund which I have asked for a dozen times. You have not fulfilled your obligations and therefore are in breach of contract. I want a REFUND!!!! @anjal patel @Brad Clay 60 dollars (basic eye charm option) times 1390 backers is $83,400. So the angel investor came in with around $20,000. $20,000! If you look at the Kickstarter for the acclaimed Videogame High School season 2, they have pledge options in the thousands, but there’s a demand for them. Also, these pledges rise incrementally: 1000, 2000, 2500, 3000, 4000, 5000. If you put to the pledges for the eyecharm on a graph, that outlier of $20,000 would be pretty suspect. 4tiitoo, when you sound it out is 42. The angel option was 42 hundred. It seems to be symbolic. When I view Kickstarter projects, I love seeing the really high-end pledges, because the rewards are usually awesome, and so baller. So a person that was not associated with 4tiitoo invested $20,000 for: “The entire first production run will have your backer name etched into it. You and a friend are also invited to a dinner and party”? I’m not saying that this is bad or anything. It’s just.. weird. @Sebastian Boettger Is the new company, FOO UG, (have any links?) run under Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer, or are there different names. As long as there is all this mystery and silence, I don’t think $80,000 is worth having one’s reputation and credibility be tarnished like this. And is this easy to erase an escape? lol, I’m so confused now. At this point, I personally care more for an explanation than the money. @james dellow Fun, random fact about the Eye Tribe: Eye Tribe is a spinoff of Gaze Group, a research group located at the IT University of Copenaghen. The people of Gaze Group developed the open-source ITU GazeTracker software, which allowed people to turn low-cost web cams into eye trackers. Gaze Group is a member of the nonprofit Communication by Gaze Interaction Association (COGAIN), a European network that aims to help citizens with motor impairments communicate by developing new technologies and systems, improving existing gaze-based interaction techniques, and facilitating the implementation of systems for everyday communication @Sebastian Boettger "we need a separate forum to discuss the next steps." “Kickstarter seems to rank really high on search engines, so all the comments here get a lot more exposure. It might be better to keep the conversation here until this gets resolved. It’s still KickStarter’s website, so I don’t think comments will be removed or anything.” Something to note: I think that depending on the project, only backers of projects can see project updates, and comments that correspond to the updates. If you go to the Oculus rift Kickstarter, you can see the project updates, the comments that go with those updates, and the comments in the comments section. However, if you go to the Kickstarter page for the Veronica Mars movie, only backers of the project get to see the updates, and the comments of those updates. The public and non-backers however can view the comments section. Therefore, if people want to their grievances to be as public as possible, it could be better to place them in the more visible comments section. (I guess this is only a concern if project owners can make the update, and update comments private, and thus hide them). @Sebastian Boettger "we need a separate forum to discuss the next steps." Kickstarter seems to rank really high on search engines, so all the comments here get a lot more exposure. It might be better to keep the conversation here until this gets resolved. It’s still KickStarter’s website, so I don’t think comments will be removed or anything. @Martijn Willemsen about 9 hours ago "I am wondering how good the offer is that we get, given that the Tobii EyeX is also offered for a special price here:" "For limited-time special price $95/€75 use the promo code CES2014." lol, yeah, our special deal is pretty much pointless with the CES discount that Tobii is currently offering to everyone. @james dellow I went to CES last year, and I saw Tobii’s booth. I knew about Eye Tribe at the time, but I didn’t know that they were there. I’m not sure that they had a booth, but media videos that I saw online later on showed that they demoed Eye Tribe’s device. For good measurement I filed a ticket to Tobii asking if it is possible to combine these discounts, I also do not know how much a discount Europeans get I paid the 70$ for the white NUIA + shipping 20$ @martijn, yeah i was also wondering that its not actual discount for specifically backers only. @Sebastian, thanks for your reply. So it was mysterious from beginning, how this project was going on. CES 2014 should be interesting in the Motion Tech Zone- Tobii Technology (Booth 25333) and The Eye Tribe (Booth 25534). From what I can see from the floor plan, they are kind of opposite each other. #oops I am wondering how good the offer is that we get, given that the Tobii EyeX is also offered for a special price here: <url>ämen, dass Ihr über 100'000 USD abgezockt habt und nicht mal soviel Rückgrat beweist, dass Ihr Euch dem Thema echt stellt und den Leuten auch antwortet. Ebenfalls finde ich die Info-Mails extrem heuchlerisch, wenn man hier die Kommentare liesst (wo bitte schön sind den diese vielen verständnisvollen Backers, auf die Ihr Euch bezieht?). Spart das Geld für die CES und gebt es den Leuten wieder zurück. Das wäre ehrenwertes Verhalten. Ich hätte auch einfach gerne mein Geld zurück, denn das neue Projekt stinkt sicherlich genau so wie das alte zum Himmel. Ich finde es auch super, dass Pro 7 von dem Thema auch nichts mehr wissen will, nach dem es dort so toll und so groß vorgestellt wurde. Refund please. I’m still waiting for a response for my email to <email>. Tobii Technical Support 2:04 AM (15 hours ago) to me Dear Jeff, I have forwarded your request to my colleagues in the US, as you're device has been ordered by them. They will assist you in cancelling your order as you need to order the new device through 4titoo directly and not directly from us. You will receive further information from my colleagues. BR, Konstantin One of the best con jobs I have seen for awhile and Kickstarter the perfect platform foe them to get away with it. IT WAS A SCAM FROM DAY ONE! Bad news.... Tobii Technology AB v. The Eye Tribe APS - Complaint for Patent Infringement - 6,659,611: “System and method for eye gaze tracking using corneal image mapping” It looks like Tobii will begin litigating against The Eye Tribe for patent infringement. *Sad face* <url>"I think it would be good to have a 4tiitoo representative expand on how the above works with Tobii (the math doesn't really make sense and what does it mean for those who paid more than the base $50 or $60?) and also to give a definitive statement regarding refunds for those who are looking to get them." “we will offer the latest Tobii products at very special prices to you, our Kickstarter backers, plus we will take your original pledge into account” At a minimum, you should be getting $110 off Tobii’s products ($195-$85), but when they say “plus”, it’s possible that if you paid higher than $60 + shipping, the discount is larger, but I’m not sure. I’ll report back when and if Tobii responds to my email. Please include my name for refund please. “We are convinced, that the patent in question should not have been granted in the first place and we are most probably not even infringing it, but in spite of our conviction, the only way to resolve this would be to go for litigation.” Negotiations with the company that has the patents has apparently failed, and supposedly, 4tiitoo has filed for insolvency, so there’s nothing left to lose, right? Why not reveal the name of the company that was after you, and the specific patent number that they had? If you truly believe that the patent shouldn’t exist, you should be letting everyone know about it, and who’s behind it. What’s the harm in it? The company will not exist soon. I actually ordered the eyeX before this update. I just sent an email to Tobii to ask about this discount. I’ll see if they honor it, and refund me (it should be a refund for $110). Not going to be sending any more money down the drain. Refund requested due to failed funded campaign. If I choose the Tobii option I won't be sending the funds to or through you will I? That would be the second biggest mistake I could make on a KS project. You are simply not to be trusted, you are a thief, get comfortable with that name as it's yours forever now! Wer ist denn hier noch aus Deutschland und hat dieses Projekt gefördert? Thanks Philip and Sebastian for that update on the insolvency. Damn.. That’s cold stuff. Did anyone happen to listen to this podcast interview a long time ago?: Andrew on Mar 21, 2013 Just wanted to let everyone know that we interviewed Tore Meyer, CEO of 4tiitoo, about the NUIA eyeCharm on the latest episode of the Floating Point podcast. We had a great time and learned lots of interesting information about the NUIA. Listen to it here: <url>“of course; there has to be”. Yikes. As you are not able to fulfil your part of our contract, I am echoing fellow Backers, when I also request a refund. It quite clearly states in the T&C's of the contract made between the two parties that the recipient of the pledge has to fulfil the Reward. I have emailed you & direct messaged you on this over TEN times & you have not had the courtesy to reply. I think that you're nothing but con men who have wasted Backers funds to pursue a Project where you find yourselves in 'over your heads!' Do the honourable thing & refund those that don't wish to *Pledge* MORE money on a different Project!? In Backing over 300 Crowd Funded Project & Angel Investing across various platforms have a come across a group of individuals who not just request further funds, but request you give more money to a completely different organisation for a *similar* product, oh and with a further three month delay! You couldn't make up this sort of incompetence! I think that unless you refund the Backers that request it you will be in breach of your contract. I find you ignorant & a disgrace to the Crowd Funding Organisations where you are nothing but frauds. Do the right thing for a change - Do you have a conscious? - Or any honour? - Is this how you wish your'e CV's to look like when anyone Googles your names? As a bunch of failures? Refund your Backers!! I had high hopes for this project. The alternative looks promising. Hope you all paid by paypal.... The announcement of having the option to purchase a discounted Tobii product arrived today. While this is better than nothing, I think the "right thing to do" would be to offer an option for at least a partial refund instead of a Tobii product discount. A partial refund (rather than a full refund) makes sense, since Kickstarter and the payment processor shave up to 10% off the top of all pledges. I buy couple of things on ebay from china occassionally, generally i get reply for any concern quickly and they even refund money right away if i don't get product. That is buyer/seller relation while here its more than that. But not a single reply to anyone or update about it is annoying. Its all about reputationand kind of person u r. If u r person who don't really feel attached to the help you got in terms of backing as more than $100,000 than you r never going to feel bad emotionally. Its actually playing with people's emotions rather than money because in this world you get money for free without accountability is from friends, family & relatives and now from kickstarter. Kckstarter was started with good motive of helping people in finance who has vision, but it turns out to be money grab website with no accountabilitu. Just imagaine to get a $100,000 loan from bank who don't charge u interest. I already stopped backing other product not to keep waiting for actual product to come if any. It's probably a bit unrealistic to expect, but at this point, I feel like the best thing 4tiitoo could do would be to release whatever research and design work they've done into the public domain under some sort of CC license. With all the controversy surrounding whether or not it's too similar to the techniques used by competing companies, there's no way they would be able to attract a buyer or auction bidder (which is often the way assets are liquidated following a bankruptcy filing, though it may be different in Germany). So essentially, since they are not able to continue development work *themselves*, the eyeCharm's actual value to them is likely minimal at this point. At least by releasing the information, it would be available in SOME capacity to those of us who backed the campaign. Obviously, this is nowhere near comparable to actually delivering a finished product, which is what we all ultimately wanted. But something is better than nothing. And since they at least were able to deliver the software and SDK, even preliminary, unfinished hardware specs might be enough to let the DIY folks among us take it the last mile. For those of you that do not read German and did not receive the latest info: the company that started this project has filed for bankruptcy, so you can wave your backed funds goodbye. I found it ironic that there is not any information from them about this stuff. This project taught me a big lesson (first backed project of mine). I found it is worthless to spend this much amount of time to figure out what this people are doing. It is just bitter experience of communication rather than not delivering a product. I have found that there's little reason to back a project like this on Kickstarter. As long as they raise their goal amount they will produce the product. In most cases the product will be available for purchase after the Kickstarter through their own website. It's safer just to wait for the product to launch then to fund it upfront. In most cases the cost of waiting is only a small percentage more than the Kickstarter. There are a lot more avenues of recourse when working outside the bounds of Kickstarter. This is especially true when dealing with technology that can be full of patent litigation. There are enough things to worry about when deciding on backing a product. I don't need to add patent infringement to it too. That's something that can't be judged by what a creator says on a pledge page. Any hardware update? I payed for a hardware that should had arrive on August. Ich finds ja super wie die Jungs ganz schnell das Popup mit den Hinweis auf Kickstarter von der wetab.mobi runter haben und da jetzt weiter werkeln... schon an neuer Adresse. Respekt. Und wenige Tage vor der Insolvenz noch mal schnell eine neue UG eingetragen. Einmal mit Profis. Zitat aus einer Mail an den Insolvenzverwalter: "das Insolvenzverfahren wird voraussichtlich am 01.01.2014 eröffnet werden. Kurz danach werden Sie als Gläubiger von uns angeschrieben und können im Anschluss Ihre Forderungen geltend machen." So langsam wir die nummre für euch hier zu einem PR-Desaster, eure Informationsarm Politik ist einfach mal unter aller Kanone. Schön wie ihr unser Geld verbrannt hab ohne uns wenigstens zu informiere, wie es passiert konnte das ihr den Bach runtergegangen seit, so bleibt ihr einfach nur als Scharlatan in Erinnerung. <url>ünchen, Registergericht München, HRB 172610 Anyone still believes that Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer will deliver? In december they will get one final non-refundable government grant according to public documents... Then there will be zero income. It makes no sense to continue without income. My theory is that used the money they raised here back in April to pay off outstanding salaries from their weTab project (just rumours being told here) and there will never be a real NUIA. Any Hardware update? Tobii starts preorders for their EyeX Controller hardware, and their EyeX Engine and SDK <url>’t care about NUIA’s Kinect eye tracker undercutting them, and actually worked with NUIA to make their hardware compatible with NUIA’s software. The price of Tobii’s package, which consists of the Tobii EyeX Controller, and the Tobii EyeX Engine and SDK, is $195, which isn’t that far off from the EyeCharm $60 attachment and a $99 Kinect. I thought the EyeX Controller was its Tobii REX priced down from its $1000 cost at CES 2013, but it looks like you can buy the REX if you don’t want to wait for the EyeX Controller. I think Eye Tribe stole the thunder with their eye tracker and development kit priced at $99, but people are going to have to take a look at Tobii’s EyeX Engine and SDK, and see if they can find interest in working with Tobii’s software, and whatever support they offer. Either way, I’m rooting for all companies to do very well. To add on to my previous post, 1) I am certain that such an application has been created but not released. I meant by "testing". If you were to manufacturer clothings, then you'd have a sample clothing for yourself to test and see if it's suitable to be sold. It's otherwise known as a prototype or equivalent. 2) I'm not sure and have not installed the SDK. Have they delivered the "NUIA Apps developed by 4tiitoo"? I only know the SDK is released. thank you for reading my wall of text @Alistair, the problem is, no one has written any application to realize the functions of the NUIA SDK. Not even a single "move mouse pointer from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2). I am certain that this HAD been created somewhere and stored in their company storage, but not released? When 4tiitoo declared this as an SDK, no one was interested. What we want is something tangible and functional. For instance, the Java Enterprise JDK means nothing, it doesn't automatically create a functional website for us. From the customer and business standpoint it means nothing. We have to spend resources, time and effort to create such apps. 6 years ago I'd have gladly done it. But not in my country, I do not have that luxury anymore. Worse still, not everyone here knows programming. They might not even know what's a SDK. Was this project aimed at experienced developers? They can't expect us to create applications for them. Fine, if they are to be customized. But at least a normal windows/mac utility app such as moving the mouse pointer from one to another should be provided. How sure are you that the filter does not affect the code? Have you tried it out? I am certain that it affects the way the SDK operates and its functions. ZERO information about this has been released. If there are no variances, then why require the hardware in the first place? Might as well just collect $50+ from each of us and just deliver us the SDK and functional applications in softcopy. Have you installed the driver for the connect? The way you present yourself in your post is important. Please consider that everyone else here is in a similar position and a positive attitude does a lot in the open source world. You managed to get the software installed, keep going. I'm sure there is a whole lot of fun hacking just waiting around the corner. What the hardware of this kickstarter really was, was a red filter (basically a bit of red plastic ). The software to interpret it is what you just installed. Can you see what you need to do? If you can do it, you get to say you are a Maker. Good luck! I don't know why I am wasting my time by posting this, but... I am very disappointed. After backing this project I expected something.... And this sdk and software is completely useless to me. I am not a programmer so will not be developing anything for this. I still decided to spend the time to download and install everything. After reading the other comments I think it is running...but it won't do anything... I was expecting something to be able to use the kinect. I can't find or open a program that runs the kinect.... It just sits there with a red Nuia button in my system tray. Is it supposed to do something else? What am I missing? @bytemaniac wow. It's supposed to turn from green to red? That's a horrible interface choice. No message saying it's started? So it actually on and doing something I just need to configure it properly now? @Andrew Directly after starting NUIA it gets green, but then it switches to red. I had no time to dive into the nuia sdk - hope we will get the hardware some day to run something out of the box. @Bytemaniac well, it may be an internal message, but it certainly doesn't allow me to start NUIA (shows red in the tray). Any advice? So do we have a definitive answer on the hardware yet? Are we going to get it or is it held up indefinitely? I can't say I'm happy with the way this kickstarter turned out. Although we all know the risks, lawsuits were not something I had considered when I pledged, I do now take this into consideration when pledging toward new projects. That being said, I have started to look at alternatives. I have come across this <url>"Install location of the NUIA SDK: 00447B1C, error No NUIA Runtime install location was found. Error Code: 0x2". Even though it is certainly installed. Is there a registry entry or environment variable that needs to be set and wasn't in the installer? The link doesn't work for me either. I am pretty sure I have the right name and email... I have tried, but I can't tell if it's working - kinect eye tracking without the kinect lens kit is hard to test. I can confirm that the "Special Thanks" list has been added to the SDK from January 2013, the golden Heart and names are there. Gold is best! I have not yet checked if the SDK can communicate with the Kinect at all - even without the super-lens, that is something for next weekend. @everyone- Has anyone tried this yet? Would be great to have some reviews from users. Thanks. But does this even work without the hardware? I'm more interested in the real application that controls the kinect instead.. So by username, they mean the Name in our profile that is used as our screen name. I've changed mine since I pledged. Neither the old nor the new name works with the site. @Clement, your username will be "Clement" as thats what I can see in your profile as a name. What is required for the Kickstarter username ? The username and email on kickstarter is the same.. . if they say in the next days, expect weeks... and anyway without the hardware we cannot use this. Did I miss the software as well ? Hi- any news on the software send out? Have I missed it? At first: nice to hear something from 4tiitoo! If the software contains all we need for using the hardware - perhaps 4tiitoo could publish the .stl file of the kinect extension and give us the possibilty to get the lense.... as i know thats the whole hardware part. "NUIA SDK provides a large sandbox to play in – no matter if you want to create a complete application from scratch or create an extensions to teach Adobe® Photoshop, Google® Earth or League of Legends® some new tricks. Of course we have made sure that in order to extend an existing application, no changes to the sourcecode or binaries of the underlying app are necessary." I have ordered both the NUIA eyecharm eye tracker and Eye Tribe eye tracker, but NUIA's software development kit feature of "no changes to the sourcecode or binaries of the underlying app are necessary" sounds powerful. I don't want to repeatedly make feature requests, and hope that developers will listen, and make their applications compatible with eye tracking. Backer developers are probably being asked to create applications for the NUIA for free on top of paying $50 or more to receive the tools to do it. great! how long will it take for shipping the hardware? weeks or months? Disappointed indeed. I can accept a lot of things, delays included, but complete silence? :/ That WIRED article was shared online recently but it is actually in reference to the February 2013 edition of WIRED (it says so at the bottom). But yes, I think we are once again quite a bit overdue for an update, at least sharing whether or not you are making progress on your solution. However, at this point I would suggest not to deliver empty promises. If you guys don't have a real product, admit it. 1,390 backers does not seem like a lot but if you stop communicating and disappoint all of them, you're just asking to lose your reputation. Its really annoying to me by not even commenting after promising to come up with something by the end of last month. If u guys have time to give an interview on wired magazine than why u don't come on kickstarter page? And don't show me the reason that u guys are not putting update just to keep the secret deals for licencing or something like that. Why other people who put the money in your project has to search internet for whats going on with this NUIA? At this point does anybody else think they're not going to receive this product ever? Seems that we have no luck with nuia. I think i will try "theeyetribe". I guess they would have already told us if they had a solution. Well from that video translation at least seems like they have found a solution. Lets keep waiting. Now the end of the month is end of october... Any news or updates?? its end of the month, so wat is the status? "Unfortunately, the price is still far too high for an ordinary person to afford. The eye tracker inside the EyeMobile stand costs $3,900 on its own, and the stand costs an additional $350. Reps at Tobii told me that a little volume would go a long way. If it can secure contracts and sell more of these, the price will fall, dramatically. However, the first market Tobii is targeting may be able to afford the big dollar signs." <url>"With the eye tracker running, the battery lasts for eight or nine hours". This is really impressive. Chrome has automatic translation but thanks Sebastian. Thanks very much for the translation work. Here is the text, a quick translation for you all (please excuse my english): "It would be nonsense to just imitate a computer mouse" Tore Meyer says , without looking up from his screen. The CEO of the Munich start-up has opened a 4tiitoo Games App. The task: to pop bubbles of the same color. Target with eyes, shot with a keyboard click. And indeed, it always pops right where Meyer just looking. Reason is a thin black eye tracking apparatus, which is clamped on his laptop. It records every twitch in Meyer pupils. "Controlling computers with the eye will change our viewing habits radically", he says. This time he does not want to miss his chance. Because 4tiitoo failed once before with an ambitious project. "Large buttons, touch screen and internet - The idea we already had in 2007 - ahead of Apple's iPad", says Meyer. But there were always new problems: With investors, with technology, with bad press. 4tiitoo took Germany's notorious tablet, the WeTab, off the market after a short time in 2012. The ambition remained. Instead of continuing to stay in the tablet market, Meyer and his team decided to become more "interactive". The company wants to learn how eye-tracking software must be designed to be attractive to the user - faster than the competition. The control with the eye offers simply more than just an inaccurate mouse replacement, be more intuitive, immediate. Therefore 4tiitoo has collected 100 000 euros for his eye-tracking system "Eye Charm" on crowdfunding site Kickstarter. This is a cheap attachement for Microsoft's Kinect motion sensor. The system will be sent to the investors already this year. Included will be the software Nuia, an interface system with around 50 apps and add-ons as well as a building block for programming. "The technology is not perfect yet, but the scrolling without a mouse alone was the incentive to invest for many" says Meyer. As a byproduct Nuia can also implement voice and gesture control for the PC. When the interactive PC will arrive in the living room one day, Tore Meyer hopes for the chance to be the first - this time. Hi! I come from Austria, therefor i understand the audio. The 4tiitoo only talks about the possibilities and the advantages of eye tracking, but there is no information about the hardware or when the technology will be available. The text says that the investors will get their nuia this year. I hope we really get some Information before october. If the worst comes to pass, we should at least be getting: Pledge $30 or more 6 backers NUIA SOFTWARE SUITE: You already own an eye tracker or gesture camera (Yes, gestures are supported) and want to extend the possibilities. You get the NUIA Apps developed by 4tiitoo + NUIA SDK to develop your own Apps and Extensions + Heart of Gold reward. That can be paired with the Eye Tribe tracker. @Jon Ward, Exactly!! I just wondered why it shows Tobii product instead of anything showing NUIA eyeCharm. Even Its going to be end of month soon, So I hope to hear from them about whats the solution? P.S. I don't understand german either. @Jeff - I don't speak German so not sure what the audio says but that is a Tobii REX eye tracker being used there - so that doesn't bode well, without hearing the audio it suggests that they have made some apps that work with the Tobii SDK (which they said they would) but you (we) have backed a hardware project - and that hardware is the Tobii REX not a NUIA product. NUIA Shared publicly - 3:06 AM WIRED Germany visited us in Munich and tested our NUIA products. Check out the interview with our CEO Tore (german language). <url>"joint development project". In my projects this requires an NDA at first, if this is possible with Tobii without any agreement or the like, okay. <url>#/pressrelease/view/4tiitoo-and-tobii-expand-gaming-experience-with-gaze-enabled-demo-of-minecraft-814427 Implementing the Tobii SDK doesn't require (or give) any access to the methods behind the eye image and processing in relation to gaze estimation. All SDK's for commercial eye tracking products simply give access to the raw data processed by the eye tracker using the manufacturers detection algorithms, so anyone here could integrate the SDK for a Tobii, SR, SMI or other manufacturers eye tracker into their code or product without ever needing to know about pupil detection, infra-red corneal reflections and so on. What you would be fed is a data stream of time stamps and gaze points (x,y) and some additional data which is basically the equivalent of a mouse cursor location - your integration would therefore be to create a response, trigger or whatever based on the location or the gaze and / or dwell time etc. As such I wouldn't suggest any SDK integration at this level would be particularly a "partnership" - we have about 30 customers that have coded their own SDK integrations as the licence for non-commercial use is free to use. Thanks. So I guess the patent in question is US 7572008 "Method and installation for detecting and following an eye and the gaze direction thereof". Tiitoo implemented the Tobii technology and SDK last year in their minecraft demo to allow eye tracking and therefore gained inside knowledge about how eyetracking works. So my assumption was that they struck a deal with them how to integrate these alorithms in NUIA. If not it would just be outright stupid to partner at first, integrate all the stuff and then come up with a competing product at a cheaper price point. I don't think that Tore and Stephan - or anyone who wants to build a lasting business - would do this. They must have sorted things out with tobii before. Tobii is very clear on their homepage about what they consider their intellectual property. Tobii has given them access to their technology as far as I can tell from their joint press releases, this is way more than someone violating a patent just because he did not know that it existed. If this is the case Tore and Stephan really need to sort things out with them (from a very weak position actually, but I would consider it possible). But we cannot tell, because they don't tell us.... If Tobii and tiitoo have a dispute Jon Ward should know given his deeper relationship with Tobii. Maybe it's some other company at all... Martin Tall Shared privately - 6:48 PM Hi Jeff. Stumbled across the discussion about the NUIA eyeCharm on Kickstarter. Just to be clear we have nothing to do with the patent lawsuite. It's another vendor.. who claims to be the worlds leading eye tracking company. It's very shady how they try to scare small companies like 4tiitoo. I don't think that they are the culprit. The patent is supposed to be from the US. The Eye Tribe is a Denmark company. @Paul, the term backer is really tricky, its in between investor and consumer. You don't get any equity in the company like investor & you may not get any product even (as if product failed to launch for whatever reason). I am not sure laws are updated for backer protection in the government. Thanks Jeff for info. I think "The Eye Tribe" may be the company that has patent issues with NUIA. Well the more it fails to open their mouth to us, the faster "The Eye Tribe" product will be advertised by media. I thank media at least to show whats going on in this market. The Eye Tribe shared a link 3 hours ago near København, Staden Kobenhavn, Denmark "We are thrilled to announce the launch of The Eye Tribe Tracker, the first truly affordable eye tracking device. The device is priced at only $99, and includes an SDK that allows you to integrate our eye tracking technology into applications and games." It looks like a race has begun. Does giving this product to the people who pledged money infringe on patents. If they sold the device then they would be making a profit. If they give it to their employees for testing then it's just internal use and anyone can make a patented product as long as they don't sell it. We're backers, nothing more than silent partners (loosely using the term) so if they give them to us then there's no loss of money to the patent holder because they're not selling us the device. They're just letting us test it. No? Any patent lawyers out there? I have sent them a mail one week ago - no answer. Seems that the NUIA was too good to become true. I think they have problems with the software - technically or they are not able to pay the developers. The hardware side cannot be the problem - some plastic and a lense in it. No news from Tore Meyer and Stephan Odörfer... My offer is still valid, I am just a mile away from their office. @4tiitoo, do you have 30 minutes? Let's meet today, 17.00? I could report here together with you - about the status of the software, hardware and if the patent claim really exists, live from your office. Is there any news or information about these people? Correct me if I'm wrong, but last msg on this thread of 4tiitoo responding was "Creator 4tiitoo on May 24 " And almost a month since the previous update. @4tiitoo No matter what the story is at the moment, we need some kind of update or response. The habit of long delays between updates does nothing but erode your backers' faith in your product being delivered, while fanning the flames of those who think you're acting dishonestly. One last thing... Most of the information around Kickstarter terms of service are available to all on the internet. There are also numerous articles that have been written, some about scams, some alleging fraud, others about actions taken legally and as well general discussions. I am posting for reference and education only. 1) Why Kickstarter 'can't' and won't protect backers once a project is funded. June 27, 2012. Polygon <url>"fraud" could let to claims of libel in return! The biggest problem here (which happens to loads of projects - both successful and unsuccessful) is updates and communication, that breeds dissent and concern. If there are problems, talk about them. You have delays? Explain them... This is the reason I believe the issue is bigger than a patent claim, and more a business or technology failing - and the fact that there has been no attempt to respond or defend their position is very poor indeed. If they have gone out of money - they should tell us. If there are problems with the software - they should tell us. If there are problems with production - they should tell us. If there is a good reason why the project fails we have to accept. I think it is our right to know why our money gets blown into the wind. Only take the money and disappear is not the intention of Kickstarter. Michael, With respect - I know about the industry because I am in it - my companies resell, provide and train on this technology daily to some of the worlds biggest companies and we resell three leading manufacturers kit. I don't appreciate being called a spokesman for their company because I am not, we invested in this to see if a mass market budget option would be usable for basic solutions, but what I do know is what patents are filed around eye tracking techniques, technology, methodology and implementation, and therefore from the little bit of footage I have seen of the NUIA as someone who does this for a living I can see similarities (more than a little) between their corneal reflection image and the information contained within the patents. With all the calls for fraud, I believe you haven't maybe understood or considered my points - $250,000 or even $500,000 is not enough to get this product to market unless there was a lot of the product already completed behind the scenes and the money for tooling and so on was already in place. I am not defending NUIA I am simply stating that maybe they underestimated the costs and / or were not as close to delivery as they thought and / or cannot make the product work and have run out of funds. The patent issue I believe is genuine but, and as I stated before, any patent challenge does not stop a company from responding to questions or messages, it simply means there is a challenge going on. If we expand on this further lets look at the previous updates - the eye camera image and footage could have been done with any solution, there hasn't been a fuller example of the work done nor anything barring some code snapshots which could be anything. To summarise my points so there is no ambiguity : 1: I think the patent claim may be genuine 2: I think they underestimated the cost to get to market 3: I think that they don't have a fully working product, nor are they close to - especially with regards to head movement compensation and glasses etc 4: I think they have run out of money 5: we backed this to see if it could be done as we were sceptical from the outset but saw potential There have been numerous projects that have gone like this (Zion Eyez for one) and there will be more, what we (as backers) deserve and should look for is comment and explanation from NUIA. Jon, With all respect I do not appreciate that you have become a defacto spokesman for this company just because you have a similar product that has gone well. I think what is most appropriate is for this company to respond to it's backers and clear the air. When something stinks of a fraud, more than likely it is, particularly when no response or when responses are vague. It would not be the first time that this has happened but to continue to fan ignorance and just tell the backers here to accept their loss is not an acceptable solution. There is no doubt that you have risks as an investor, and if Kickstarter has now become an investment vehicle with risk, I would suggest they need to be regulated like any other investment vehicle with due diligence to ensure no deceit and under the eyes of the law. It is just to easy to wash your hands of the situation by saying this is acceptable without any first hand knowledge as to what has actually transpired. What makes you so sure as to what is going on and do you have knowledge beyond the backers here or just speculation on your part. I think that maybe NUIA simply underestimated the cost of getting a product like this to market - think $100,000 and what that gets you. Less than 5 people's salary for 12 months (way less), tooling of injection moulds for the case would be about $20k+, cases, packaging, artwork, CE certification, components, manufacture, a support team, etc, etc - it simple isn't realistic to deliver at $100k. As to my earlier posts Tobii spend millions every year on R&D, have 300+ staff and a network of offices and resellers to promote and market the product - even with $100,000 EU funding, and the same from here it is nowhere near the amount of money needed to launch something like this unless there are other angel / VC funds in the background. To it this into perspective a little, Tobii have had around $40m of investment, Mirametrix who are a tiny player on the global market had several millions dollars of seed funding. While NUIA's silence is unacceptable from a professional standpoint I doubt this was / is established as a fraud project, simply a gross miscalculation of how much would be needed to get a working product to market. Regarding the patent infringement, someone claimed "they hate patent trolls" - I would expect (having some knowledge of the patents in this field - seeing as we are an eye tracking specialist reseller and integrator) that rather than some trolls who are sitting in a patent, it is in fact a patent that is legitimately in use in a commercial context and the nature of the corneal reflection used in the NUIA is breaching that patent - if you owned the patent, you would defend it... Wouldn't you? If it affected your livelihood or business... Of course you would. Many projects on Kickstarter fail to deliver a final product, and many supply a product far from the actual specs. Claims or calls for fraud or refund I doubt will get any momentum as if they have simply run out of money before delivering, it isn't fraud - they have attempted / worked towards delivering a product. The bigger problem here is the blatant ignoring of the issue by the company - even if there was a patent challenge that doesn't stop common courtesy updates. My fellow Kickstarters, I don't think we will see a product - as the saying goes, often when something looks too good to be true it often is! I just really want my money back at this point. :/ No response yet. I tried several times, but now I have given up on this. I went there once without appointment, and they asked me to leave immediately. Since they had a visitor I didn't want to make a scene and we agreed to re-schedule a formal meeting. Since then they don't answer any form of communication. I just wanted to see what they have, and I would be happy to report here first-hand, but no chance. @Sebastian Boettger Did you get any response on your request for a pesonal meeting, as ist was offered in Update #10, yet? It's all a matter of how it is communicated (and I disagree with Jon here): The project was promoted as a sale - not a risky venture. People paid a premium to get early-access - one thing that is clearly missed and therefore eligible for a refund. The product-like offering was why they got so much funding. 4Tiitoo issued a press release that clearly states: "The NUIA eyeCharm including the NUIA software suite can still be ordered on Kickstarter...". This does not sound like a seed financing. Also, they raked in some other fundings before with this story, such as a non-refundable government grant (129.441 €, <url>"A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward.". Early bird , July 3rd is unable to be fulfilled. It's what happened to their previous project (2011, <url>"the NUIA SDK also supports input from their [Tobii and SMI] eye trackers". Is that covered or part of the problem? Is this true anyway? - The Kinect 1 will be discontinued. Creative Alternatives? Kinect 1 is not perfect for my use case anyway but for a prototype it's okay. So if there is anyone here who has information first-hand on the NUIA solution it would be appreciated. Dear Backers, Tore, Stephan and all the people at 4tiitoo and Sentoris, It´s been almost a week now since Update #10. I would like to know if some of you already took the invitation by word an scheduled a visit at 4tiitoos office in order to meet the team and have a hands on with the product. It would be really appreciated if you could share your impressions so that we know things are going well. Maybe you can post a photo or video. Thanks a lot Speech recognition Parallel speech recognition with eye-tracking. There is an open source, free, GNU/Linux speech recognition program that uses Google's voice APIs on the back-end which is called Palaver. Once a person has taken that first comfortable step into speech recognition with Palaver, learnt some of the commands, has bought a decent microphone, has their headset plugged in a lot of the time (similar to how Moto X's "always listening" feature works), invests in some voice scripts, has delved into documentation, they might become more expansive with their use of speech recognition. The general population, including programmers, needs to be comfortable with basic speech recognition before they begin to think about purchasing more expensive programs like Nuance's Dragon NaturallySpeaking, or try extensions and add-ons that allow you to create scripts and macros, such as Dragonfly and Voicecoder. People are more familiar with speech recognition than eye tracking, but many are still hostile towards, and skeptical with speech as an input. It's only recently, with Google introducing free, more accessible, and more accurate speech recognition, that people are seeing its viability, and venturing into other related programs. Compatibility with more expensive eye trackers The same thing goes for eye-tracking. I believe that the EyeCharm SDK (and possibly the Eye Tribe SDK) will support input from some of the other eye trackers. Extensions and applications that you have developed will be compatible with the more expensive eye trackers, such as those from Tobii and SMI. People need to see many more eye-tracking input examples and cheaper products before they begin to test eye tracking. Programmers need to see many more people using eye tracking before they will consider developing on the SDKs that are available for eye-tracking, and make their programs and applications interoperable with eye-tracking. If there is a larger base of casual users, there will most likely be a larger subset of people that will seek products with more accuracy for situations such as gaming, text manipulation, and targeting smaller and more compact widgets, tiles, and other interface controls. From the page of NUIA: "Your NUIA Apps are universal We work together with the leading eye tracking companies (e.g. tobii and SMI) and the NUIA SDK also supports input from their eye trackers". I suspect that these cooperating companies know fully that eye-tracking is a young technology, it requires PR, exposure, and user-feedback to mature, and that there will always be a demand for higher-priced software development kits, and products that can deliver pin-point precision. @Jon That was very informative. Thanks. @Jeff - it is the nature and type of IR reflection that is covered by the patent(s) I would predict and that will be the infringement. Open source tracking using webcams typically look for the pupil in the image and centre the gaze point based on the pupil as seen by the camera. When IR is typically used in this case or application it is as bright pupil tracking so the whole pupil is illuminated which isn't as effective on Asian or African ethnicities, or people with very dark iris colour. From the demo footage NUiA have shown they are using dark pupil tracking - for which there are many more patents in place as the algorithms and calculations behind can be more complex - rather than just centring the image. EyeTribe use similar tech agreed but note they haven't gone public or sale yet - therefore there isn't a threat at this stage to a manufacturer that is selling a product, the same as the 100's of University projects that are undertaken. A company will only protect or defend a patent when there is a threat to their business. Hi, it has taken too long, I would like to cancel my order and get refund, what steps do I need to take? Thanks ITU gazer/eye tribe uses infrared with cheap webcams and tablet cameras. @Jon "no infrared" The only eye-tracker that I've seen that doesn't use infrared is this: Simple, accurate eye center tracking in OpenCV 04 November 2012 I am currently working on writing an open source gaze tracker in OpenCV that requires only a webcam. One of the things necessary for any gaze tracker1 is accurate tracking of the eye center. For my gaze tracker I had the following constraints: Must work on low resolution images. Must be able to run in real time. I must be able to implement it with only high school level math knowledge. Must be accurate enough to be used for gaze tracking. I came across a paper2 by Fabian Timm that details an algorithm that fit all of my criteria. It uses image gradients and dot products to create a function that theoretically is at a maximum at the center of the image’s most prominent circle. <url>"oh well, might as well let them take the market at a lower cost and I'll run the business down". The patent infringement probably is around the method of calculation or infra-red reflection methodology on the eye model which in eye tracking terms is the golden ticket as this is the core element, without a good eye image eye tracking is no good - hence webcam eye trackers are so poor (no corneal reflection image as there is typically no IR). Unfortunately if a licence fee is to be negotiated I would think it would be considerably more than the $10-15 mooted by someone earlier. We shall see...and I beg to differ. We pledged money for a product to be delivered, the concept was already developed. Get real! Nobody gives money for free! *facepalm* What is it with you people and your refund requests? This is not a store. You did not "buy" anything. You pledged money for a product so that it could be developed. No Kickstarter campaign is a guarantee. Sometimes, projects completely fall apart. It sucks, but backers have to deal with it, because we know the risks going in. Fortunately, that doesn't seem to be the case here. This is just a super unfortunate delay. So...y'know...maybe we can all chill out and wait and see what actually happens? I am sure there will be no product delivered and have now asked for a refund 4 times with no answer. This is a fraud...mark my words. Great to have an update and that your final solution is coming to fruition. Am I right to say that the eyecharms have been manufactured but not shipped yet due to litigation issues? All the best. Hi! What are the licences costs the patent holding company wants to charge? If there is a way to increase the pledge for another 10-15$ to cover the licence costs i would do it... The Eye Tribe company gives free, open source software to turn any basic web cam into an eye tracker. The government of Denmark recently gave the company a 2.3 million dollar grant with no strings attached in the name of innovation, and a belief in what they were doing. Is this unknown company going to sue the government of Denmark? My conclusion on update #10: Everythings fine. Since you don´t mention anything else, you met all your goals on that pretty tight schedule, even though you had whole bunch on extra work with this patent stuff. Respect for that! That means the product is finished, produced and ready to ship. It would be awesome and make me (and everybody else I believe) feel really comfortable if you could show us at least one of these final products. Just to let us know everythings going on really well. Thank you! I also hope that you raised enough money, since patent lawyers usually cost a lot of money. Finally I wish everybody that their local customs will let their shipments pass right trough. Tore and Stephan know what I´m talking, these guys had some trouble with the german customs (Hello Cologne) in the past. TalkingEyes: Eye-tracking and ALS Google+ Community: plus.google/u/0/communities/103103072435695270907 Both the Eye Tribe (it's an additional $1 for Android device manufacturers to integrate) and EyeCharm (it's a $60 attachment to a $99 Kinect) are extremely cheap compared to Tobii (the Tobii REX is $1000). I wonder who the suing company is? Darn. As a partially disabled user with a repetitive strain injury of tendinosis (chronic tendinitis), this is awful news. I just recently read an article written by Steve Gleason, a former NFL quarterback who was recently diagnosed with ALS. "It is simply unforgivable that the price tag on these machines is approximately $20,000 when, off the shelf, suitable hardware is available for $2,000. Our foundation is working with established companies like Sahara Tablet Kiosk, which makes my tablet, and Tobii, which designed my eye tracking, to create less expensive, more powerful machines. We can outfit someone for $6,000 rather than $20,000, which is progress." - Steve He says that it took him 4 hours to write the 4,500 word column at around 20 words/minute with his eyes. His fans are saying that it must be tortuous, but I'm thinking, "I only get 1000-2000 clicks a day, and this guy, who can't move anything except his eyes, is more than 10x productive than I am". This definitely isn't just about disabled users. If you stare down at your device for too long, you could get a neck strain. If you put your device upright with a tablet holder, excessively reaching out to press can cause arm pain: Gorilla arm syndrome: "failure to understand the ergonomics of vertically mounted touchscreens for prolonged use. By this proposition the human arm held in an unsupported horizontal position rapidly becomes fatigued and painful". This was a complaint for Windows 8 users. Eye control can be lower in physical exertion. In addition to replacing mouse control, you can invoke commands by dwelling on custom tiles that have your macros attached to them. Customizable, virtual tiles are infinitely more productive than static physical keys. How do you expect the mass market, mainstream users to see any of these benefits when the products are priced at thousands of dollars? Thank you for the update! I feel somewhat better about the situation. Obviously, the best thing would be if you didn't have any legal roadblocks at all, but at least we know that you still trying to come through. Let´s talk serious: I am absolutely pissed. We should find a way to let them know that we are not going to accept this kind of behaviour at all. Maybe we should walk into their office like Sebastian did, one of us at a time, just to let them know that we care about our money. It is our money they took. And after they took it, they stopped every kind of communication. (I need to apologize at this point: This is not the way germans usually do business) So if they don´t communicate with us, we need to communicate with them. And if they don´t come over to talk to us here, we need to go where they are. It´s that simple. My advice is, that if you have the chance to go to munich go ahead and do so. If you have a telephone you might wanna give them a call just to let them know you care. And I also think that any exposure on the internet, wherever applies pressure. These guys are a bunch of losers! Hi...thanks for the input. I believe...yes wait and see...but the question becomes for how long. I am of the opinion that our only recourse, given kickstarter's lack of interest is to pool together and go with q class action suit. If anything we will stop this happening in the future. These guys must be held to account for their act of fraud. Michael The way i see it, we all have only a few courses of action: 1. Wait and hope for the best. 2. Join together and get a lawyer to see what we can do. 3. Expose this 'company' to the media... They used multiple media sources to lure us all in...we can use the same ones to strike back. For now i am going to do #1, but i know a friend that is a lawyer in Germany .... I will ask and see if there are any legitimate legal actions. Hi Michael. Their office is about a mile away from my office in Munich. I sent an e-mail last week to schedule a meeting, but no response. Also, no success by phone. So today I went to their office. The good thing is, there are some few people there, several company names on the door, so they exist, and they have internet. They are there. I am 100% sure they know about this discussion here. I was lucky to run into Tore Meyer (the guy listed on the right). The bad thing is that Tore Meyer refused to talk about this project at all ("Now is a bad moment, we have an important meeting"). Since they had a visitor I didn't want to make it embarrassing for him so I stayed polite and just reminded about my mails and left. There was just some stuff around from their previous project ("WeTab"). A project that also just disappeared with a lot of undelivered promises a year ago. This NUIA project only met it's goal because one guy pledged $4200. I suppose it was someone related to them, which might be fine. They used Kickstarter to gain momentum and awareness. What I don't understand is why the create this big buzz, grab 100k and then let everything die by stopping to communicate all of a sudden. Delays can happen, problems can happen. This is why we have early adopters and backers. People who want to help, to be the early birds, builders, beta-testers, people who make it work. After the short meeting today I think they don't accept or seek any help, they're not even interested in the product at all. They don't love what they are doing, they just love reading their names in the press. Just my personal opinion. Here is what I received from Kickstarter in response to my ticket created. Buyer Beware!!!! Kickstarter Support, Jul 29 10:31 (EDT): Hi Michael, Thanks for writing in again - I'm sorry that your experience with this project has been frustrating, rather than as rewarding as we'd have hoped. Projects on Kickstarter are often in the early stages of development when they launch, and while the creator may start with the best intentions to deliver as promised, unexpected roadblocks can cause delays. Backing a project on Kickstarter is different than buying it from a store - you're putting your pledge behind a creative idea to help the creator bring it to fruition. While this is an exciting opportunity to support creators who otherwise may not reach a wide audience, there's also no guarantee that a project will always go as planned, and unfortunately, Kickstarter itself can only help this process along so much. The creator is the only one who knows where their project stands, and what the revised Estimated Date of Delivery might be, so I can only advise to stay in touch with them as best you can. We've reached out on behalf of you and other backers asking them to post an update and respond to messages, so hopefully we'll all hear from them soon. Best, Megan michael miszczak, Jul 27 14:43 (EDT): I am wondering if there is any recourse here around a class-action suit? Pretty good way to make some free dollars scamming the public don't you think given their are no safeguards that actually have any bite? I will continue to wait and see what happens, but what is reasonable in terms of wait? MICHAEL michael miszczak, Jul 26 21:10 (EDT): Although I appreciate your opinion this is a considerable issue for your platform. You make money from bringing people on board as investors yet you claim no accountability with the creator. I will not put any money into any further projects with your site, You cannot just wash your hands from a fundraiser that you supported. This means that anyone literally can come onboard and promote with no responsibility to deliver. I really think you will need to address this issue as you will not survive and I intend to post this response on the internet so that people are clearly aware of the lack of role you play in actually ensuring that a product is delivered. It was a great scam while it lasted. Michael Sent from Windows Mail From: Kickstarter Support Sent: ‎Friday‎, ‎July‎ ‎26‎, ‎2013 ‎6‎:‎01‎ ‎PM To: michael miszczak Kickstarter Support, Jul 26 21:01 (EDT): Hi Michael, Thanks for writing in and bringing this to our attention. I'm sorry that this has been a frustrating experience. I do see that it's been some time since the creator has updated, so I sent them a reminder of our terms of use and asked them to respond to the backers who are looking for information on this project. Unfortunately, there's not much more that I can do. When you back a project you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our terms of use (<url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. Kickstarter itself cannot force the creator to fulfill rewards, offer refunds, or communicate with backers (though we encourage them to do so). It's the creator's responsibility to complete their project as promised. While issues like this are between the backer and creator, it's important that we're aware of these situations. We’ve made a note of this, and will take the status of this project into consideration if this creator submits another project, and hopefully our message brings a response soon. For more on creator accountability, please take a look at our FAQ (<url>#Acco). Thanks, Megan michael miszczak, Jul 25 19:58 (EDT): This company has not provided updates for 2 months, does not respond to emails and as your site has suggested I have asked for a refund to the creator. Is this a scam? I HAVE NOW SUPPORTED 4 projects to date and have not received anything to date. Concerns me that these projects are not real. In any event back to the subject. What can be done? Michael Paid on April for their project.Never received answers. Tried to contact them more than a time. Never received answer. I am really pissed off So now will proceed for fraud attempt @Sebastian the Tobii SDK is specifically for Tobii trackers and is an API used to connect to, calibrate and stream data from their trackers (we are their largest global distributor for reference). NUIA promised compatibility or inter operability so I assume they were going to have some simple hooks to allow the NUIA to emulate the same calls and there use the same (limited) amount of applications written for the Tobii. We backed this out of interest but $100k is nothing when developing this type of tech to be reliable and deployable. Consider Tobii turnover over $130m per year and invest a huge chunk of that into R&D. Never mind creating the code, algorithms, applications and so on, it costs around $30k to tool up for an injunction process to create the physical case - if anything I think these guys massively under estimated the amount of work in getting to market. Shame but on average 3 eye tracking start-ups appear and disappear every year globally so not really a surprise. However if they come through with it then great!! Always like to be proven wrong!!! Disappointing! I sent them an e-mail but no reply. Also, since I suppose that the Kinect 1 will be discontinued this year, it would be nice to get at least some sort of vision. And some words about the difference between their SDK and the swedish Tobii SDK. Looks like they are repeating all what went wrong with their previous WeTab product. @4tiitoo: this is a community, often a community can help. We have engineers here for both hardware and software issues. Backers. But if you wait again until it's too late no one can help. You are a cool vendor if you can deliver, not because Gartner tells you so. Humm...Did anybody try to call 4tiitoo? <url>"Pledge of $4,200 or more", without it it would have failed anyway. Never saw podcast interview on official site. Jeff, why are you posting these? Dated... Michael Playing Minecraft with just your eyes: Vu from Mojang testing NUIA eye-tracking at Minecon. <url>“Fleksy is a state-of-the-art text input system so powerful that you can type without even looking at the screen. For the first time ever, sighted, visually impaired and blind people are able to quickly and easily type on touch screen phones and tablets.”. Since cheaper eye-tracking solutions could be less accurate, and have more fluctuant control. Any software that might help compensate for unstable movement would be great. Hey Guys, I am sorry to hear that NUIA will not support the new Kintect, although the upside is that the old Kinect will now be cheaper :) Any update on the Development of NUIA? I want it already! 8D hey guys! a new generation of kinetc for Windows lunching next year.. any idea if it will be compatible? <url>"Breaking down Amazon’s mega dropdown" (<url>"diopter right/left" means. I don't know my glasses prescription, but my contacts are -5.0 (nearsighted). Can you help me figure out what you're looking for here? get I the 20$ back as a German? yay! congratulations! :) I 'll make a communication aid for ALS (with "Locked In") patients. will this work in the dark (lights off)? Oh good science, i cant believe my own eyes! Congratulations! I feel like a kid waiting for Christmas.... Olé, olé, olé, olé, we are the champs, we are the champs! Bought one more to help! Put it over! Woot! it's done! congratulations! Is there some basic documentation as to the capabilities of the device? I was interested in the Easter Egg Special level of pledging, but without really diving into whether blinking, hovering for certain amount of time, or rapid eye movements are tracked, I am sort of at odds with what is possible at that pledge level. When it says "your Easter Egg Software will be included in all NUIA EyeCharm shipments", does that mean indefinitely forever or just for a certain batch of shipments? Also, is this "Easter Egg" built into the device while using it with ALL applications, or does it just work if our specific application is being used? Any information would be great! I started thinking about an eye mouse when watching "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" where a middle aged man wakes up paralyzed except he could blink his eye. I'm not sure if he could aim it. He would communicate by blinking while someone read the alphabet, building words one letter at a time. Soon after I met two guys from the west coast at NY Makerfaire 2011 who used OpenCV to allow paraplegics to create laser based graffit. I often think how ergometrically useful it would be to move the mouse with a blink or a gause between my multiple monitors. This is a great project. Can't wait to try this out in a few months! Not sure if people realize how much potential this has to break the standard mouse/keyboard convention. I just ordered a Lenovo Multimedia Remote Keyboard N5902 (it's on sale, check slickdeals). I'm imagining myself sitting back in my chair, navigating through windows using just my eyes and a key press, and typing when I need to--or even just using voice recognition to type, almost completely eliminating the need for mouse/keyboard during casual PC use. I do have a slight concern for accuracy, although from the Photoshop video it's clearly capable of pinpointing small buttons. Do you guys have the device working on Windows 7/8 desktop mode? If so, how accurate is it, i.e. could I accidentally close a window sometimes instead of maximizing it? 5 more days~ 5k to go! come on!! Hi Guys, how big is the trackbox - the volume within which I can move my head? Regards Hi, I want to know in what kind of drivers are you working on. Are the official Microsoft drivers with Kinect SDK or PrimeSense? Thanks. Hey Guys, Is there any difference between the Kinect XBox360 Version And the "Kinect for Windows" Version behause the Second One costs over 100€ more. Cool Projekt Theo So if a double my pledge, will I loose my place in line? Only 10k left to go........ This is so going to fund!!!! never mind lol, i cant afford 3, i guess that rules out my early bird pledge... will this work with large resolution monitors / triple monitor setups such as eyefinity? for example 5040 x 1050? it is possible to move the cursor in Windows with it? how accurate are it? in px? This is the kind of device that might pave my upgrade to Win8... with the current input methods the stock UI and your's truly do not get along... If the effective range could be extended further from "right under your chin" it would be a killer to control HTPCs too :) You guys must be getting excited, I know those that are backing you are!!!! Hi Dirk, When the project finishes you'll be sent a survey asking for your shipping address. Cool project. I'm in with it :-) But how could I change my address in a german address? It still says USA even I paid the 20 bucks more. I paid via Amazon and they have my real address, is this enoughto receive the eyecharme if it's gonna be build? What a cool project! I'm looking for something like this for years! I'm using "focus follows mouse" for years now, and the next thing is "focus follows eyes" ;). I have on a daily basis that I look at a different program then has the focus. This project will fix that problem. Couple of questions though: 1. I know you start with only Windows 7/8 support and that OS X will probably be next, but is Linux on your list at all? :) I'm running Gentoo Linux for 7,5 years now and I would love to continue to use it, but if this only works on Windows I find that a good reason to switch back. 2. I know you are only support 1 screen at launchdate, but that you probably start working on dual screen after launch. How hard will it be to upgrade it even further? I'm planning an upgrade from dual to triple screen here, so I would love to have this working on all 3 screens at some point. I probably need 3 kinect sensors and 3 eyCharms, but that's not a problem. 3. I saw the post from edzieba about resolutions and stuff. I'm working now on 2 24" screens, both have a resolution of 1920x1200, is that a problem? When I bought my triple screen upgrade, the middle screen is going to be a 27" screen with 2560x1440 as resolution. Is that gonna be a problem? :) The other 2 will be 24" with 1920x1200. And what about portrait vs. landscape? Now I have 1 24" in portrait mode, with the triple screen setup both 24" screens will be in portrait. I know this project isn't gonna deliver everything I want at launchdate (because I want too much ;) ), but: damn, what a cool project it stil is! It is the closest I ever saw to how I want to control my computer :). And it looks like that over time this project will deliver everything I want :). Keep up the good work! go, go, go - i'm in. whohoo How will I be able to trigger a mouseclick? CAn you shrink the size of this product? Why does it have to be so big? Just wanted to let everyone know that we interviewed Tore Meyer, CEO of 4tiitoo, about the NUIA eyeCharm on the latest episode of the Floating Point podcast. We had a great time and learned lots of interesting information about the NUIA. Listen to it here: <url>"Hey, couple of questions. Will there be dual monitor support? and Could facial gestures such as eyebrow raising, winking or eye flaring be configured as mouse clicks and what-not? Thanks, I'm looking forward to playing around with this." I'm in a wheelchair and have a hard time using the mouse. This would be perfect for me but I use a MacBook from 2007 lol. Do you when you will have support for Mac? And backed you guys anyway. I have OS X related question. Will there be a platform available on either Eclipse or XCode? @4tiitoo Thanks for addressing my concerns, I now have a better understanding of NUIA's functioning. Can you use the standard Xbox Kinect for this or do you need the Kinect For Windows? Imagine using this with a home theater PC Which is my current set up right now... Running media center on Windows 8 so I backed it Hello, I am wearing a pair of glasses. Am I able to use the eyeCharm? Will the tracking accuracy be decreased by the glasses? Ich geh mal davon aus, da ihr aus München seit auch deutsch könnt, meine frage, produziert ihr in Deutschland oder in den USA? Hey, couple of questions. Will there be dual monitor support? and Could facial gestures such as eyebrow raising, winking or eye flaring be configured as mouse clicks and what-not? Thanks, I'm looking forward to playing around with this. The Kinect has been measured to have a hardware latency on the order of 80ms, and the depth sensor (the IR camera being repurposed for the NUIA) has a refresh rate of only 30fps. How do you overcome these limitations to produce a responsive gaze-tracker? Additionally, the IR sensor has only a resolution of 720*480, and the NUIA appears to be an at-a-distance combined head and eye tracker; how does this low sensor resolution affect tracking resolution (i.e. what is the recommended minimum screen subdivision size for accurate and repeatable tracking)? Or does the NUIA require fixation of the head at a certain location for repeatable tracking? Are there any system requirements? (Other those of Kinect) How intensive is the process? Will it be useable with older PCs? Thanks! Will this be compatible with macs?