Hello Backers, We want to express our deepest apology for all the miscommunication and delays. Due to the fact that 80% of our backers would like a refund, starting today December 22, 2014 to or before December 22, 2015 everyone would receive a full refund in form of a Visa Gift Card. The Link Wallet will be available for immediate order online and at some select retail stores starting early next year. The Link Wallet App is available for download on the App Store and Google Play Store. We appreciate and value your contribution for the making the Link Wallet a reality. Thank you for your patience and again our apologies for everything. The Link team. Hello Backers, This is a final reminder to fill out the change of address and refund form from update #25 by Sunday November 9, 2014 If you haven't please do so as soon as possible. Best, Link team Hello Backers, Please fill out the brief survey below: <url>’t go longer than 2 weeks without an actual progress update. Thank you so much for your patience and we are so grateful for the support! Best, Alix P.S. New shipping address surveys coming soon We at Link Wallet would like to extend our sincere apologies for the delay on delivering your wallet. We are currently in China working on improving the battery life of the wallets. Here at Link we value product performance over profit. Currently we are putting together a compensation package to show how much we appreciate your patience. We have been working non-stop around the clock to workout any possible kinks and begin dispatching our first shipment. Wallets are expected to be delivered by July. Once again we will like to extend our apologies for the delay and thank you for you patience. Hello backers We have moved the Live AMA (Ask Me Anything) from 3pm to 5pm eastern time . We understand a lot of people are working at 3pm so we moved it to 5pm ET. The website for the live meet will be www.imeet.com . The meeting will be open 30 min before 5pm eastern time. Thank you. Hello guys we will be doing a live AMA (Ask Me Anything) on wednesday March 19th at 3:00 pm E.T We'll provide the link soon. Thank you Hello Backers, We want to apologize for the late communication but we were in China getting things ready to start shipping soon. If you need to update your address please do so as soon as possible or email us directly at <email> and the Link Wallet app should be available on the Appstore and Android Market place soon. Thank you for your understanding and again our apology. Best, Link team Dear backers! Amazon has alerted me to several "failed" payment attempts through Kickstarter. Apparently, this is a VERY common problem when a credit card has expired or you have perhaps switched default cards through your Amazon account. Kickstarter gives you the chance to remedy this through your Amazon payments account. For more information on how to fix the situation, please see here: <url>"Locus*" which mean to locate, we love our new name. There is nothing to worry about: We are still on schedule to deliver by the due date, this modification will be completely transparent for you and we can't wait for you to have your Locus* Wallet. We here at Ping* Wallet would like to thank all of our supporters from the bottom of our hearts. We will be moving forward in processing all of your orders as scheduled. Please check back here or our website for future updates.