Just wanted to give you a heads up The Kickstarter for our two brand new expansion packs is now live! Check it out here Cheers, Wade Welsh Poor Choices creator We're putting the final touches on TWO brand new expansion packs for Poor Choices, and we'll be launching a Kickstarter for them later this month. Just like last time, one will be family-friendly and one will be NSFW. And since it was so successful with our last Kickstarter, Neil's going to illustrate backers as characters in the game again. In fact, we're doing a giveaway right now where the winner will become a character for free. Enter the giveaway here &gt;&gt; See you soon! Poor Choices Ahhhh, more good news! US backers, your rewards started shipping today! The average estimated delivery time is 3-5 business days, and games will be mailed out over the next few days. You should receive an email with a tracking number over the next few days, but I'll follow to make sure it actually happens this time. So, all rewards for backers outside of the US are on their way (if they haven't arrived already), and all rewards for backers in the US are shipping today or over the next few days. We've already received great feedback from backers outside of the US, and we cannot wait for you to play it and hear your feedback as well. On behalf of Neil, Karl, myself and everyone else who helped create Poor Choices, I'd like to thank all of our backers! Your support has been amazing. Cheers, Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices P.S. We're already working on some hilarious new expansion packs, and you'll be the first to know when they're available. Just kidding, we have no bad news. Let’s get straight to the good news... Shipping has begun! After more than 18 months of pull-your-hair-out work, Poor Choices is here and will soon be in your hands! You’ll be sabotaging your friends and family in no time. We cannot wait for you to play it and hear your feedback. For non-US backers... Your rewards started shipping yesterday! You’ll receive an email with a tracking number over the next few days. The average estimated delivery time is 6-10 business days—just keep in mind that customs can sometimes delay shipments. Sometimes I feel like they do it on purpose. For US backers... Your rewards arrived at the warehouse over the weekend are currently being processed. We don’t have an exact date that games will be ready to ship, but they’ll ship as soon as they can. We’ll post another update once US shipping begins. While you patiently wait... We surprised YouTuber Nadeshot by sending him the original Adult Edition prototype and a character of himself illustrated by Neil Morley. His reaction is priceless . Have a great day gamers! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices The time has come! Poor Choices just reached the port and will begin shipping shortly. All that’s left is to clear customs and processing at the warehouse. The time for this varies, so we’ll post another update once shipping begins. We hope to ship to US backer around the middle of October. Shipping to backers outside of the US will likely be a week or so before that because those games are already at the warehouse in China. We can’t wait for you to play Poor Choices! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices Poor Choices is printing! Actually, Poor Choices is already printed! The games are currently being assembled, and pretty soon they’ll be taking a month-long cruise to one of our fulfillment centers. We’re right on schedule for our estimated October delivery. There will some downtime during shipping (logistics is boring to most of us), but just know that the game that will ultimately end up on your front door is sitting quietly somewhere like a little puppy waiting for the day it’s finally reunited with its owner. We originally planned to add a texture to the cards. After receiving the samples, we noticed that the texture really dulled down the colors. So we decided to remove the texture so the color and illustrations really stood out. Although the texture would have been nice to have, not having the texture makes for a much better game. If you need to update your address, please do that today. After the 15th of August, you won’t be able to update it on Kickstarter. So if you’ve moved or plan on moving, figure out where you want your game(s) sent in October. Cheers, Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices P.S. We created the two Poor Choices wallpapers as well. One is kid-friendly and one…isn’t. We decided not to put the really bad characters on the adult wallpaper because, well, you probably wouldn’t want to stare at them all day :) Classic Edition wallpaper Adult Edition wallpaper Great news! We received the final proofs last week and they look amazing! Each version has 168 unique characters and an additional 336 color-coordinated cards. All cards are full-color on the front and back, and the white backgrounds on the Character Cards really make the characters pop ! Everything turned out even better than we had hoped for, and everyone who's seen the game in person loves it. Here are some pictures of the final proof along with most of the characters of our Kickstarter backers. You'll notice we added a red "XXX" icon on the face of the cards in the Adult version. This way, you can combine multiple versions and future expansion packs into one larger game and separate them after you're done playing. Final production will start shortly, and we'll provide updates when something important happens. We don't have an exact delivery date yet, but we're expecting them to arrive at our fulfillment centers at the end of September or beginning of October. We can't wait for you to play it! Cheers, Wade Welsh P.S. Here's most of the characters of our Kickstarter backers. After months of illustrating characters (336 of them to be exact), Neil and I have finished all the design work for Poor Choices. Here's a 3D rendering of the final box design, as well as the final designs for the cards. We're very proud of the finished product, and we think it could be one of the sexiest card games made. Our next step is to order the final prototype, and the printing for that has already begun. We should receive the prototype within the next 7-10 days, and we'll update you with pictures once we get it. We just need to verify that the quality is perfect before mass production begins. Then, we'll tackle all the boring logistical stuff so your game arrives at your front door as quickly as possible. We should have an idea for a delivery date sometime after the games are printed, but we're expecting them to arrive at our fulfillment centers around the beginning of October. As soon as we learn more, we'll be sure to update you so you know when to expect yours! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices Everything is going very smoothly with Poor Choices. We might even be a couple weeks ahead of schedule thanks to Neil's incredible work illustrating the characters. We're only a few weeks away from finishing all of the characters and ordering the final production prototype. We can't wait for you to get the game! Approximately 50 of you pledged to become a character in Poor Choices. Well, they're all finally done and we want to share them with everyone! Without further ado, I present to you our Kickstarter backers in Poor Choices the game. The following characters are NSFW. Viewer discretion is advised due the graphic nature of the illustrations (some more than others). All of these characters will be in the adult version of the game. Thank you to all of our backers who are now characters in the game! It was both challenging and extremely fun planning and illustrating each and every character. Neil and I have tried to pick a favorite, but we've found it's impossible to pick just one. What do you think—which character is your favorite? Cheers, Poor Choices Copyright © 2016 Poor Choices LLC The past few weeks have been a blast! We've illustrated about 100 new characters and many more are currently in progress. Those of you who are characters in the game came up with some awesome characters and they are turning out to be some of our favorites. We'll be revealing some of the characters on Facebook and Twitter in the following weeks, so be sure to follow us to get those updates. * If you backed us to be a character and haven't replied to our messages and emails (there are four of you), you need to contact us ASAP. Here's a little taste of the characters that we've done, including two of the first five custom characters of backers. P.S. We're waiting to create the wallpaper so we can include as many of the new characters in the wallpaper as possible. It'll make for a much better wallpaper. P.P.S. We've created an updates page for you if you want to follow our daily progress, and you can find it here . Our artist, Neil, has begun illustrating the new characters and something tells me he's going to be consuming a lot of coffee this month. I got a sneak peak of a few of his new creations last night and they are awesome! Every time he shows me a new character, it feels like Christmas. So consider this a warning: new characters coming soon! Anyways, you should have you received a survey from us asking where to send your rewards. It's not incredibly important that you fill it out right away, but you can change it later if you move or hit the lottery and go on a six month vacation. We'll also send out a "last call" message before the games ship to make sure we have your correct info. For those of you who will be illustrated as a character in the game, we sent you a separate message asking you for some more info. Half of you responded and, oh my, these characters are going to be epic! We'll follow up with you before we start illustrating your character to confirm the details. If you haven't responded yet, try to get back to us as soon as you can. You'll get to choose your character in the same order that you backed the Kickstarter, but if we don't hear from you (let's say by Sunday night, March 13th), we'll have to move you to the back of the line so it doesn't delay the game for everyone else. Cheers! Wade Welsh Creator of Poor Choices We want the cards to be printed in full color just as much as you, so we decided to lower the final stretch goal to $20,500 and cover the remaining balance out of pocket. We’d like to thank everyone who backed our Kickstarter. This process has been both fun and inspiring, and we cannot wait to get started on the new illustrations! Your support has been amazing and we’re going to work our butt off to make the game just as amazing. Thank you! We’ll be contacting you over the next few days to take care of the details regarding your reward. For those of you who will be a character (yay!), we’ll also include a short survey where you can provide us with any details regarding the design of your character. We’ll also ask you for your top five character choices. Since we don’t want any duplicate characters, the first person who pledged to be a character will get to choose their character first, and we’ll continue until everyone has a character they love. We know that communication is important to backers because we’re backers ourselves! We will update you on our progress up until the day you get your copy in the mail. We’re creating an updates page on our website that you’ll be able to check to follow our progress, plus we’ll post updates (albeit less frequently) on Kickstarter so you can take advantage of the notifications feature. Once the updates page is finished, we’ll let everyone know where to find it. Once again, thank you for your support. This experience has been a blast. You are amazing! Thank you for backing our game. We've gotten a lot of new backers over the past couple days and it doesn't look like it'll slow down. There's only one more stretch goal left for us to hit, and I really think we can do it. Our next stretch goal upgrades all of the cards to full color on both sides. Full color gives us unlimited options, and you'll be able to help us choose the final design in the coming weeks. Early this morning, we unlocked the character expansion packs! 56 more characters will be included in each version of Poor Choices! This means Neil will be chained to his desk while he's forced to illustrate more awesome characters. Okay, he won't be chained to his desk, but he and I are REALLY looking forward to it! In fact, he's looking forward to it so much that he illustrated this gentleman for the adult version. How precious. If you want to become a character in Poor Choices and impress people all over the world with your amazing cartoon-like looks, you can upgrade your pledge by following these simple instructions provided by Kickstarter: <url>#faq_63083 We are less than one week away from the end of our Kickstarter. We thank each of you for your support, and we ask you to share it with your friends and family so we can gain momentum over the next six days so we can hit the next two stretch goals and include more awesome stuff in the game! We unlocked another stretch goal last night that added 56 more cards (28 to each version), which brings the total to 448 cards each! Based on the feedback we got from everyone who filled out our survey, a large majority of you prefer a Character expansion pack. So... Our next stretch goal unlocks a Character expansion pack , adding 112 more characters to Poor Choices (56 character to each version). This will bring the total number of cards in each game to 504, including 168 characters with unique character illustrations! We're getting close to unlocking yet another stretch goal, which means we're closer to unlocking even more characters! The 5th stretch goal will unlock 112 additional characters (56 in each version) accompanied by all new illustrations. We created a preliminary list of characters that will be in each version of the game once the 5th stretch goal is unlocked. View all 336 characters P.S. If you have an idea for characters that are not on these lists, suggest new character ideas here . With more backers comes more free stuff for everybody! You've unlocked the third stretch goal which will add 56 more cards and upgrade the box. Now each version of the game will come with 420 cards! We also revealed the next THREE stretch goals! Plus, now you can suggest cards to include in the game! If you have good ideas for a character, trait or humiliation for the game, we setup a form that you can fill out as many times as you want! All you have to do is go here . And finally, here are the next three stretch goals for the Kickstarter! We're about to surpass 200 backers! Thank you to all of our backers and soon-to-be-backers! Many of you will be characters in Poor Choices. Neil spent the past few days illustrating two new characters that'll be in every copy of the game (you can see the time-lapse videos below). Know someone who would love to be illustrated as a character in a card game? Tell them to go here! <url>—it's very exciting! Each morning after I wake up, I check to see if any new stretch goals have been met because I really want to put more stuff in the game! We're really close to unlocking 56 more cards, upgrading the box and revealing the next stretch goal! Help us unlock the next stretch goal! Time-lapse videos of our new characters <url>— and after only five days, we're officially fully funded!!! You’ve already unlocked 112 additional cards for the game, an upgraded rule sheet and an upgraded card design that you’ll be able to vote on once the Kickstarter ends! From now on, it’s all about how much cool stuff we can pack into each copy of the game! We’ll soon unlock more stretch goals that: Add up to 224 additional cards Upgrade the box and cards Add more character illustrations Release expansion packs that add all new dimensions to the game and more… Help us stuff your game full of more cool prizes by sharing the Kickstarter with anyone you know that likes fun party games. Forward them this email, follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , share the Kickstarter link ( <url>’ll soon have a survey where you'll be able to submit ideas for characters, traits, adventures and humiliations. We’re excited to see what you come up with!