Too bad this ends up as e-waste.. No working app and no development to support newer phones. What a shame of a product that should have had a much longer lifespan. Hello I never recieved my Poppy. What can I do? Sorry to be contacting you about this so late, but I'm writting an article about kickstarter unrecieved rewards and I'm combing my kickstarter profile to see which ones I'm at fault about. Best regards, -a. February 2017: The app does not seem to be available in the App Store on my new iPhone; the app I have installed does not appear to have internet functionality anymore (meaning there is now no app ability to create wiggle gifs). Poppy's Facebook and other social media presence appears to be years out of date. Failure to have a working and available app approximates bricking the project as promised. Please restore the promised functionality. As a panoramic photographer I found a good use in the Poppy as a 'VR viewer'. Here is a series of panoramas I shot at TEDxAmsterdam over the years. www.c360.nl/vr/TEDxAMS no, they are not actually 3D but the perspective viewing does have a really nice feel to it. Otherwise I must admit I am along Anthony. Used it on the day it arrived and never since. I guess the lack of a 3d hub like app aggregating all sorts of cool possible content … Is there a way to mod this to support the iphone 6. I am willing to saw into it? Anyone want to buy my Black Poppy Plus? I used it for about five minutes the day I received it. Been boxed back up ever since. $50 plus shipping. also curious about Poppy working with iPhone 6 Thank you in advance Any word on whether an iPhone 6 can be supported? How to make Google's Cardboard VR headset [<url>"worst case scenario". I've tried to be conservative about this but am fed up with how disinterested they are in making sure people who invested in them will get their reward. The lack of ownership of the shipping issue has "blown my mind" as per se. Choosing to outsource international shipping to a separate company rather than handling it them self like they did with the US shipping always didn't feel right with me. Hi, The explanation is completely vague. "Because it needs to account for the worst-case-scenario: the time it might take to get stuck in customs for multiple weeks followed by the time to attempt delivery followed by the time it takes to re-send back to Hong Kong" What is 'multiple weeks', etc? That is really very vague. What we need is the approximate number of days for the worst case scenario? According to my calculation based on my experience where I was told I would receive it before Christmas, that would not less than 80 days. I asked for a refund but was informed that I need to wait for the negotiations with the 4PX to finish. I asked them what the negotiations have to do with my getting a refund, and have yet to receive a reply explaining that. Another Kickstarter project for which there was a considerable delay and from whom I asked my money back simply asked me for my PayPal details and that was it. Simple as. The software update is great, images looks better. One thing that don't work for me is the recalibration. The new method is confusing. Now I will have to play with it till I get it. Thanks for the update Joe. Sounds like an indeterminate waiting time then. =[ I hope 4PX wont be handling the redistribution for the worst case scenario... Time to place an order with PhotoJoJo... The new GIF Function looks fantastic btw! also still waiting! Location Austria (thats the country with cows, not the kangaroos) still waiting. location germany. I might need to change my address then - what can we do about that? Still haven't received mine. No response when I ask on their FB page: <url>"Despatched to Overseas". I would like to highlight a couple of things. 1.) shipping from Singapore to Australia never takes that long. How do I know that? I'm a Singaporean (relocated to Perth) and have utilized Singapore postal service numerous of times and they never failed me. 2.) If it's a registered article, it would have meant that it should have been sent via air instead of sea. Also still waiting :/ I got a tracking number at first and the package arrived to my country (Sweden) but was sent back to Singapore.. Still havent received mine either... :( and its almost time for the iphone 6, just a few months left.... So, I got a quick, personal response with information regarding my situation so +1 to the treatment of customers. I hope I have a (big) chance to get my poppy after all... Ummmm... So no poppy for many of us, no update for almost three MONTHS. Yup, no doubt a sign of professionals. I too am missing the case and strap for my poppy, Ontario Canada, any idea on when I will receive them? Toan I agree completely with you.......I have not received a single email telling me what exactly is going on and when to expect my package. That's extremely unprofessional. Even small eBay sellers are better that way. I got mine (rural NSW near Canberra) just after Christmas (but I am still waiting on the bag and neck strap which were missed from the shipment). Still no sign of mine either. Kinda interesting to see it arrived only recently for Stephen in the UK. I wonder what shipment method was used by the third party... Ive had Free Shipping from Chinese Ebay to Australia, by freighter, only take 5 weeks max every time. $15 for shipping that is 6+ weeks transit is not reasonable, especially from Asia. I understand that there are issues that are out of your control, but the lack of feedback to the survey and the lack of ownership to the shipping issues has been disappointing =[ Every afternoon I get home from work, I hope to see a package with my name on it... I am not after a magic reindeer or a refund, I just want to play with a poppy =[ If it won't arrive soon, i might need to change my address :s Mine arrived today (UK) Still waiting for mine. Shipping from Hong Kong to Australia can't take that long. Hi, no sign of mine either. No sign of it yet Received with thanks. Still havent got mine :( Thanks Toan. Let me know when you finally receive yours and whether it is a defective or non-defective one and I'll do the same. Still Waiting for mine as well Mario. Also from Sydney, Australia here. Tempted to just buy one from PhotoJojo lol =/ It seems there are mixed reviews for the Poppy. Can this mean that some people are receiving defective (or not properly calibrated) Poppys? This is more a quality control issue then which should be tightened. I have not received mine yet so I'm just going to hope when I finally do, it is a non-defective one. Got my Poppy ok but images and video are terrible, looks like the two halfs are not really halfs, looks just awful, kind of overlapping in the middle or something, not really 3D... Tried the calibrating, no use. What's up guys? Its been 6 weeks since poppy shipped....haven't got it yet. Tracker's a waste. rang up Singapore Post multiple times on 17th & 20th Jan, filled the poppy survey in email on 21st Jan, raised a support ticket on poppy support website on 1st Feb....and haven't got that update that clarifies what's the status since 21st feedback ? Its damn frustrating to see marketing emails & contests ...can't participate nor have an update. PS :anybody received or not received theirs in India - who was the local shipping partner ? Keeping fingers crossed !! may be poppy pops out a surprise show in mail tomm Any of you from Australia who have not received his/her Poppy? I am in Sydney and although supposedly has been shipped a while ago from Singapore, still have not received it. Bloody frustrating as no emails received to state the reason for the delay. Got mine today, but video is terrible, looks like the two halfs are not really halfs, looks just awful, kind of overlapping in the middle or something, very jerky on iphone 5 and hitting record doesn't work properly all the time. By the way, there was no tracking number provided. Support site is down too. so... this is a disappointment. Will i get my poppy anytime soon? I've filled out the survey i've gotten in the mail and i haven't really been updated that it has helped anything. I'd really like to get mine and do some wigglegrams soon :D I have 2 email to verify my address and I confirm my address in 2 times. Why your shipping service cannot find my postal code ? I don't understand. I support many projects in Kickstarter. Never have a problem with my address. Do you guys realise how frustrating your promo's are when/if one has yet to receive their Poppy!!! I received advise on Dec. 24th that mine had shipped - still no delivery. It was posted from Singapore - obviously on the proverbial SLOW BOAT? @Edward glad to hear your Poppy reached you in Singapore. The team is working hard to add features to the app to make your experience even better. Stay tuned for future updates to the app. @Karen, Patrick K., W. Laging, Jeffrey and Connie - glad you've gotten your Poppy and enjoying it. Be sure to check out the support site. @EVERYONE - we've now got a pretty decent support site up and running now, so reminder to please check that out at <url>"Calibrated" setting in the app's section in the iOS settings. Quiting the app ( double tap home, swipe, the app up ), changing that setting to off and relaunching the app reruns the calibration step. Got my Poppy yesterday. Initial feedback: - The outer box looks cheap - thin and unappealing white cardboard. This is more of a comment about the initial impression, especially important if this will be in stores at some point. - The first time I used it I noticed plastic shavings or other dirt on the inside of the lens. Another ding for initial impression. - The app default mode was video which seems like an odd choice to me. - I haven't been successful at watching 3D videos on YouTube - the iOS app won't show the 3D, and in the web I can see it but the aspect ratio comes out skinny (seems like each half of the string is supposed to get stretched sideways for the correct aspect ratio). - General feeling is more toy-ish than I expected, though the Poppy feels much better than the box. - The app is very preliminary, I trust that it will greatly improve the experience once it gets updated with better controls, ability to consume video from YouTube, etc. - It would be great if it were possible to take the phone in and out and leave the insert in - consideration for Poppy 2.0 design. Kudos for delivering in 2013, will have to take more photos and hopefully print some using lenticular lenses. Amnon Its Dec 31st 2013 and i just received my poppy!!!. Thanks guys. Out the box it was quite easy to use and my family is having a blast already with it. Things i notice... on the iphone 4s, the recording fits the screen perfectly without any edge overlay or distortion but on the iphone 5s, the prism seems to capture your surrounding, distorting the edges and make you seem like you are seeing out the edge of the viewfinder. The quality of the unit is great, and my wife commented that the playback seems as if she is watching a movie!!. How do you recalibrate? I accidentally hit done and can't get back? Just got my poppy. It is a thing of beauty. The design is inspired. I'll be putting it through its paces over the next week. Stay tuned for more... :) I just received my White Poppy in today. Here are my thoughts..... 1) Well designed packing, but be careful as mine was placed upside down when opening, so slide it out slowly to find if yours upside down or placed correctly. 2) It appears to be a bit "Blurry" when viewing through the Poppy lens. So I asked a few family members to check it out and all said the same thing. Could the 2 clear lens (where your eyes are viewing through) be out of focus? I couldn't fine anywhere to adjust the focus on the lens. It's not my iPhone 5 problem, my iPhone 5 focus is sharp. Either I got a Poppy with defective viewing lens or there is other internal focusing problems with the Poppy. My Poppy is White. So far, I haven't experience the "Wow" factor yet as what I'm viewing is a bit "Blurry". What I can say is that you will need to train your eyes to look in the "Center" of the two images. You can still see parts of each images on each side of your eyes. Hopefully Poppy creators can contact me via PM and help me solve this Blurry mess, maybe a replacement???? Got my poppy!! Thank you. Got my poppy today. Tested it out. It's pretty cool. (In California) Received my POPPY today and tried to do some initial testing...I've uploaded a sample clip to Youtube taken using the poppy and when I tried to view it on my 3D TV in 3d mode it doesn't work... Are we only able to view the 3d content we take with the poppy using the actual device? Makes for sharing on TV's impossible? Thanks! received poppy, agreed with Jeffrey that there are people still using and want to stick to ios6 (like me!) i played with an iphone with ios7 of my frd and i have some initial feedback 1) there is dust on the lens and mirrors and this seems affecting the image quality, is this safe for us to open the case ourselves and clean off the dust? will this affect the alignment of the lens and mirrors? 2) it works well on iphone 5, but i am using iphone 4. I have not tried with iphone 4 as i am on ios6, but it seems the screen is not splited in the middle as it does to iphone 5. Hoping i was wrong on this and works great with iphone 4! Same here in Pennsylvania - arrived today in perfect shape - Thanks!!! Got mine today. Haven't used it enough to really comment on things, but it seems well made and put together. (It obviously wasn't designed for eye-glass wearers, however.) looking forward to messing with it!! Thanks. Singapore post track no only show waiting shipper or merchant. i've been trying to check the delivery track everysince i received the email. but until now there's no shipping status identified by singapore post. can't hardly wait! Received Poppy today. Went to download app but it only works if your phone is ios7. I'm soooo disappointed. Where's the ios6 version ??? Many people don't want their iPhone to be version 7 (sorry Johnny Ives) Rec'd my (4) red/blue (anaglyph) 3D glasses today. Hoping to get word on my Poppy pledge using a different KS account. Got my Poppy today! Initial thoughts: It's pretty great, except that (a) the sizing and spacing of the eyepieces are definitely optimized for a different face size than mine -- headache city -- and (b) on my iPod the app crashes when taking a photo about 1/3 of the time. Best part of the experience so far is that I was able to fire up the Flickr app, do a search for old stereo images, and flip through them with pretty good results. Not all stereograph scans are properly centered, and of course some have been animated, but I was surprised at how many I was able to view in Poppy without any additional effort. There are a lot of old public domain stereo images that area easy to find on Flickr (like in the Library of Congress account). And there are also other sources online, like NYPL's extensive collection, which may require a bit more work to get into Poppy. Got my tracking this morning as well! Can't wait to sweep the completion with some 3D content ;) I just received my tracking info so you can ignore my last comment. Can't wait for Poppy! Received the Poppy a few days ago. It is intended to be a gift, so I haven't actually used it, as I do not have an iphone. I do have a Galaxy Note 2 (wink, wink) though. I did open up the box to look at the unit. It is very nicely designed. The smooth finish is excellent. Hopefully I get to see it in action when I present it to my friend. Same as Hassan, I have yet to receive any shipping or tracking notification since receiving the email stating we would. Any news? I got the update a few days ago saying we should receive the tracking from Amazon soon, but I still haven't received anything so I just wanted to double check. Any updates on the shipping? Thanks in advance, and I can't wait to film 3D videos for my YouTube channel! Hi team, i received an email from Joe today "Refund or partial refund from Poppy", i don't know what happened, and i never requested a refund, does someone else receive the same message? ---------- Hi there, If you are receiving this email it’s because for whatever reason, we owe you a refund! I just wanted to update you that I have not forgotten. At this stage I’m actually just waiting for a money transfer to happen to our Amazon payments account so I can properly issue the funds to you. It should be there in the next couple of days (I’ve been waiting since last thursday) thanks, joe ---------- Hope can get it fast. Can't wait to try out. Yeah, got the shipping notification too this morning. Darn, too bad I will have to pick them up next Monday. Our office is closed until then. Just got the shipping notification--I'm pretty excited!! @Jeffery G. Bowman - actually the design hasn't been changed that much. It's still has two "boxes". The unit when not engaging the photo/video taking position looks like one box. When taking photos/videos, it is positioned to show 2 boxes. The 2nd box at front is twisted around to align the prism and mirror to get the image to the camera, thus the 2nd box is off-set from the viewer's main box that holds the iphone. I took the demo unit on a hike this weekend. Got stopped twice by different groups of hikers. Showed it off and did a 15 minute demo and chat with these hikers of various ages (30's and 50's) and they were quite interested and entertained that one girl was now disappointed with her iphone 5s taking a normal picture of them on the mountain top. I pointed them to the Poppy3D.com website of course. My friends' kids love it so much I think I've scratched the orange surface from so much rotating the front lens. 5-7 year olds are pretty rough on any toy you give them and then they think 3D is funny just by sticking their fingers up the holes of the Poppy and staring at their fingers. The older kids love shooting videos in 3D with it...or more exact, be in the video and laugh at the 3D of themselves. Have a Happy Holidays everyone! Hi, Perhaps its been addressed earlier, but if so I didn't see it, so I'll ask here: In the prototype, there is a "second box" at the end of the main box. The "second box" being colored orange in the pictures of it. In the picture on the update, the entire unit is only one box. Sorry for such a poor description, but I think it relays what I'm referring to. I'm wondering what happened to change the outside design? Was there some kind of difference in the optics that was introduced? Just curious. Thanks. the app works great on the iphone 5s, just the other phone cpus may be slow. If someone can tell me what is the best way to edit the video footage that can be used on 3D tv, that would be great. Basic editing is fine if viewing through Poppy or uploaded as a straight video clip on Youtube. Haven't had time yet to try some techniques on my Mac to create a proper SBS clip by creating two video files from clips yet due to the Christmas holiday work rush to complete everything and shut down for the holidays. from what I know from the meetup, shipping to distribution centers were this past week as Joe was at the factory for the packing and palletization for shipping. From there they would ship to the KS backers and pre-orders this coming week, but that pretty much depends on when they arrive at your region's distribution center. I'm currently using a demo production unit I took from Joe. An update regarding the app. On my 4s it was slow for video. I tried the app on my friend's 5s today and the video camera worked like a champ. So I went and upgraded my phone to the 5s. Luckily I didn't have to calibrate my 5s but I did need to using my friend's 5s. Took some more photos of christmas settings at the shopping centres in the rain. Some objects may look blurry, but when I played back, the picture was clear for photos. For video, depending on distance, the 3d effect is stronger the closer it is to your Poppy. I shot through a rainy window on the tram and on playback you can really tell you are looking through a window as that layer is very pronounced in 3D. I didn't even notice that while recording. I should upload some pictures and videos later but no one will be able to see them without their Poppy, except for the prototype and pre-production backers. In the meantime, I need to setup my new iphone. Have yet to receive my Poppy in NYC. Sent in survey a long time ago. Have not all shipped yet? Thanks! The Poppy 3D iOS app is available now on iTunes app store. Yay! Video recording needs to be improved though. If you don't move or pan, it's good for now I guess. Needs to be optimized in the next update after you guys have taken care of shipments to KS backers and pre-orders. I've been using the phone's camera app and zooming and fiddling around with a demo production unit with my 4s during the past 2 days but without the adaptor (it was the iphone 5 adaptor with this demo unit). It works and has impressed all the colleagues and friends I've shown it to, especially the short video clips using just the regular camera app. Zoom in slightly to get of a more 3D effect. So far I've shot on my 4s and a colleague's 5s. Deleted most of the clips...too many rude gestures from my colleagues but 3D depth was good. LOL. Oh, sound capture is pretty decent too as I could hear the conversations without earphones on playback in the Poppy. Can't wait to test some more on my 4s once I get my Poppy, until then I've been asking to borrow other people's iphone 5/5s and using just the standard camera app. Can't seem to access that feature on the mobile YouTube app or Chrome on mobile or PC or on Safari. Internet Explorer and Firefox has the option available though on PC. I'll have to find another browser on the iPhone I guess. Thanks Joe for coming down from the China factory and having a meetup with backers in Hong Kong on the weekend. The units look great and for those who like the white version, you will not be disappointed. Sample videos from your beta app were good (and shot using the prototype units) but when using the almost final app to shoot video with the production unit, the 3D depth was really good while shooting in the cafe we were in. A bit grainy though but I can't tell if that was due to the lighting or from enlarging the image from the calibrated offset for the camera. Watching Youtube side-by-side 3D clips was impressive except for the squeezed format image that 3D TVs would unsqueeze for proper screen size. This was played straight off youtube so can't really do anything about that. Anyways, can't wait to receive my Poppy but hope Apple approves your app soon so we can shoot video with it. Without the app to calibrate the camera image position, all it can be is a really fun 3D viewer. Can't wait to see what everyone will shoot using the Poppy. One caveat is that it gets very tiring holding the unit too long while viewing in binocular stance. I suggest finding a place to lean and support the arms. Anyways, good luck to everyone and hope you're one of those who will get the Poppy before Christmas to play with. Hi, I am backing from the UK. James i thought that might be the case...thanks for clarifying! How did Naga get one so quickly? WOHOOO got mine today via FEDEX :D Thanks Ethan, review coming up later on tonight.... :D Hi, Just wonder if you know how long international shipping will take? Best wishes, James Will we get a tracking number when poppy is on its way? That's great news!! Have a happy thanksgiving Your new phone will fit the poppy. Adapters will be included. Is there someone I could directly contact to change an order - I'm upgrading my iPhone from 4S to 5C and the Poppy I requested will not fit my new iPhone. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I had a thought: the two 3D images contain depth information in the horizontal offset between the same features in the left and right image. Therefore, there could be software that can read this and then apply blurring for a controllable depth of field effect, somewhat like a Lytro camera. Is this something you'd look into? I would like to change my shipping address. How can I do that? well the copycat poppy ain't taking off! :P i'm glad it didn't. there's just way too many of this 'entrepreneurs' around. Have to say that link to the copycat poppy looks like a very nice design... I have a question when I update my phone does that mean my Poppy will no longer work? This is in response to you asking what kind of iphone you have. I would hate for my Poppy to become obsolete as soon as I get a new phone esp as Apple is always coming out with new advanced models... @Ross, in fact they support different smartphone since it is modular. this looks like an exact copy of the poppy!!! <url>" Peak Design " has a Kickstarter project called " Capture Camera Clip V2 " I'm going to use it with my Poppy . They also have the perfect camera strap which was funded on Kickstarter . Any chance you guys could make a deal ? I'm thinking of changing my pledge but want the"Bag" , but their camera strap ....... I'll pledge more . Thanks Would it be possible to view other peoples Wiggle 3D images as a still 3D image, no matter what the size or wiggle speed? I'm with @Rick waterproof housing is a must accesories after thisnone funded :) cant wait to film 3d underwater scene. Any thoughts on including a feature in the app that would extract stereo pairs of images from the scan or photo of a Viewmaster reel? After all, so long as one image is selected, the others could be geometrically determined (see <url>" Poppy " with strap and bag be after funding ? Thanks ! As a lifelong stereography lover, I just had to back this project. I've been shooting stereograms for years (mostly using the weight-shift method) and viewing them on my iPhone with a homemade viewer, but this will be so much better! I do have a suggestion for your Kickstarter page: make sure your sample images are really good. I know that sounds elementary, but... for example, your left eye/right eye "conceptualization" is WAY misaligned vertically. For a 3D lover like me, and presumably for a large portion of your potential audience, it's natural to free-view a stereo pair like this... but when I try, the disparity in these images is headache-inducing. Also, I'm concerned about the video performance of the device. Your "robot donut machine" sample video is grossly compressed horizontally, as is the image pair from "Avatar." I certainly wouldn't want to watch video this distorted. Yet the sample stills from "Titanic," et al. look normal. So which can we expect? I realize you can't control what YouTube does to their 3D clips, but I'd at least expect Poppy to be able to shoot and show its own video without the kind of distortion seen in your "robot donut machine" example. I just pledged for my Dad's birthday on Thursday. I signed in as him but paid through my Amazon account. Is there a way for me to have it shipped directly to him in December or will it have to come to the Amazon address? I was never given a chance to enter a ship address. Thanks. Sarah @ethan and joe - RE: red/cyan glasses - I know this was mentioned briefly in the comments on one of the older Updates, but I don't believe any decision was actually announced with respect to whether these glasses would be included or available as a pledge add-on. I'm happy to pay extra, if necessary. Also, regardless of whether you throw a pair in free as a stretch goal (or otherwise), having the ability to over pledge for as many glasses as desired would be a plus when it comes to sharing pics/videos with a group. The logistics for this are easily managed at survey time. Thanks for your time and congrats on your tremendous funding success. Your journey is just beginning... :-) Just wanted to say thanks guys for the white option on 59. I absolutely think it is art versus ur blk model. Oh you GOTTA have wigglegram support! Please!! Make it part of the $150k stretch goal if you must! ;) MB, I believe that's correct but without Poppy you would have to use those red/blue glasses instead. I don't think you'll be able to view the photos and videos in 3D with the naked eye. I'm really excited about this! Just like Rob McFadden commented "I gave in...had to back this one...". What tipped the scale for me was your mention of the Poppy app. I am making an assumption (and we know the phrase about assumptions), the app will make it possible to view 3D images recorded using Poppy without having the phone inside Poppy? Thus, anyone with the Poppy app will be able view 3D images sent to them that have been recorded with Poppy? I hope both questions are true. When will the app debut or how far along is the app in relation to the release of Poppy? Great idea. However, as it's a mirror based construction, please make sure you do it right and use good materials. Also, mind the edges of the image. I remember another Kickstarter project, GoPano micro, which was a 360 degree camera adapter for the iPhone, was basically unusable because the quality of the mirror was just terrible... What is the pre-order price after Kickstarter? If i want to take still photos, how do i focus? This user's account has been deleted. Hi guys... so the posted clips on Youtube weren't really what I was expecting to see.... unless the image alignment can be shown to be dramatically improved so you can at least converge the images then maybe it'll only be fun for use on the iphone itself... but not for posting anything saved to another format that doesn't use the same alignment mechanism that captured the images originally. Would love to see some more examples with better alignment. I tried watching the Youtube sample clips on my 3d tv via my apple tv but the side by side images wouldn't line up enough to give a 3d look even after I adjusted the tv settings. Is that something that's just not possible? The 3d blurays I've bought look good on my set. I watched other 3d YouTube videos (Galapagos islands) and it looks spectacular in 3d. Will it be possible to adjust the recording settings? I gave in... had to back this one, just for the novelty of it. The kids will love it one one or another. Anyways, I have a question and a suggestion. First, it sounds like there's going to be some sort of insert to fit different phones into the slot. Will you be selling additional ones in the future, as new phones become available? My concern is that this is releasing just after the iPhone 5s will be out, and while it SBOULD be very similar to the iPhone 5 in shape and size, I would like to be sure I can use this. Also, when the iPhone 6 comes out... well, you get the idea. Second, I would like like to suggest that you add a "3D animated GIF" feature to your iOS app as a way to share the pictures with others easily. Here's a link with more information: <url>"Me too" vote. I promise, guys, I'm not always so needy or demanding. But if y'all hit a few hundred K, it's another great stretch goal. :D And CONGRATULATIONS to Ethan and Joe (if they can forgive the familiarity). Hit goal in less than a day! W00tness! Amazing! Congrats on hitting your funding goal pretty much IMMEDIATELY! Awesome product, and well deserved! Can you guys make a version with a head strap, or perhaps attached to a helmet, so I never have to view the world in any other way than through my Poppy? Congrats on the awesome product and successful launch guys. Looking forward to making some Poppy magic! Oculus Rift support would be great! ;) Ethan Lowry & Joe Heitzeberg : Wow, I go to lunch and come back and find a very reasonable response. Thanks guys -- I'll look forward to the solution. I suppose worst case everyone can wait until their birthdays in '14. ;-) For now I've donated at the $299 level. Maybe a $99 level for 2 Poppy devices (Poppys? Poppies?) or a $199 level for 4? A "+1" to Sheeri Cabral's suggestion -- I know of many people who would totally dig one of those bad boys as a gift come the holidays. And a big THANK YOU for coming up with this idea! I've played with DIY 3D video in the past, and while it's not atrociously hard to do it's way more of a production (literally) than this would be. Seems like the only way to get more than one Poppy is to pledge at the $299 level so you get 1 pre-production and 1 post-production. Any way we could have a $49 add-on so that if I wanted to get, say, 3 Poppy devices, I could? (these'd make great December holiday gifts). I've played with a prototype. Love it. Also, if Crosby thinks it's cool, it's cool. Add $10 tp pledge for the strap and bag? @Creator--Great! This will be a nice compliment to my current collection, and it sounds to me like any stereo photography fan would want one. I have played with the iPhone apps that require you to take 2 photographs, but of course that's far from ideal for many reasons (although if you do it "just right" and view it correctly, you can see some stereo effect), and this seems to elegantly (as elegantly as possible, at any rate) resolve that problem. Sorry but after viewing the pictures and video from Engadget, I'm not impress with the results. I still see 2 images next to each other, also in video. So you would need to do some final productions edits on your own and combine the 2 into 1 to make it 3D. I think Poppy is best only view live with the unit and not something we can digitally capture or save. This is not for me, but could be great for others. Good luck. @ KRIS--Creators, correct me if I'm wrong, but the device functions as both the camera lens and the viewer--the viewer function is similar to an old stereo viewer, which has been around since the late 1800's? Or does it use a more recently discovered principle? I have an antique wooden stereo viewer and a small collection of old cards, so this seems like it should be really great--I'm excited and looking forward to the product! Congrats on the concept and the execution (which seems to be going well from what I've read). I have seen this from the beginning and it's amazing to see how far the product has come. Both Joe and Ethan have been working really hard to make sure they can produce a quality product. Looking forward to using my Poppy! Hi, Can you post an actual iPhone 5 image taken straight from the camera for us backers to see and also a link to the actual video recording from the iPhone. It seems a little too good but no actual samples straight from the iPhone. Also does this require you to wear any 3d glasses to view once you capture the image or video? Happy to donate and looking forward to the launch. My company powers NVIDIA's 3D Vision Live site and we are avid 3D enthusiasts. Let us know what we can do to help! I've been lucky enough to watch Poppy evolve over the last few months. It's sleek and fun; well-made and feels great in your hands. The perfect project for Kickstarter. Excited to see this launch guys. Great idea that I am sure will crowdfund well. Cheers! I was lucky enough to test drive a pre-production Poppy, it blew my socks off! Amazing piece of gear, I'll be buying many as gifts, my folks will go bananas! Rock on guys!