Wow wonder what this apparent fraud will do to their amazon rating of their product? well i figured this was going to happen. I never received any follow up, no documentation, They told me they were going to send me some products so i could legitimize them with a direct comparison with the Anker version that was claimed to be used here. I also received no follow up messaged after i was told they would ship me the devices. not a peep. I guess its for the best, if and i will leave it at that until i find anything that tells me different. Too late now, its suspended and likely wont get re-activated Wow. Thanks all for your investigations! I am glad this was reported before I got duped and I will be more careful now! I just pledged $1 so I can throw in my $0.02 for everyone. I just bought one of the similar units off Amazon last week (the PowerCastle 26000 mAh pack) before coming across this product here in KS. Internally, it's not 100% the same board, which isn't unexpected based on the higher mAh rating and that it uses a mechanical switch to go between 12/16/19V output. Still, it's so similar, I'd be surprised if it's not rolling off the same line as the Anker and this re-badged unit. I'd also be very skeptical about the Macbook adapter being included. NO ONE has been able to legally offer a MagSafe adapter in the US/Canada/EU because Apple's patented the design. There are a couple possible ways they can offer this: 1) They're cannibalizing / modifying existing MagSafe adapters. This is the only legit way it can be done without running afoul of Apple's lawyers (this is how HyperShop sells their battery - you have to cut and splice in a connector). It's also too expensive for their pricing model, because you can't get a MagSafe that cheap. 2) They're relying on cheap Chinese knockoff MagSafe cords - you can get them on eBay for under $10 per piece in small quantities. The knockoff cords won't have legit safety documentation, and if you're really unlucky, they'll get held up at Customs. Caveat emptor. @ Brent - That is my Plan if they really look that much alike i will infact order one. I have Amazon prime so i will get 2 day shipping. I requested close up photos of the units demoed in the video, FCC, CE, RoHS certification, patent documentation, so far they have only asked my my address, i havent had a response since and that was 4 or 5 days ago. Im staying cautiously optimistic, but at this point those demoed batteries could have been modified so im no longer putting much stake in photos. Anyways. I will continue to report anything i can positive or negative. Right now im just waiting for any sort of response to my last couple messages. Thanks Rob for doing this! You will though most likely have to order the one off Amazon for accurate judgements and observations. Hopefully you will be able to complete these findings b4 the countdown ends on this product. You are doing a good thing to help other consumers! Ok guys. i have re-pledged at a low level so i can be involved here in the comments. I have been talking at length with the project owner and they insist they are legit. They are sending me batteries to test and review. If needed i will also order the Anker pro2 off amazon and do a comparison and even rip them open to look at the guts. If The project owner delivers me the products and the legal documentation showing they own this i will share the results here with everyone. Im staying very cautious, i have still not received any documentation or any of the other electronic version of the stuff i asked for to validate, but i will wait a bit longer. I will provide updates as i can get them. This project looks too sketchy to me and I want to thank those who brought these questions to light regarding the other products that are already on the market that look exactly like this. I don't see anything new and since I am already having issues with another KS project, hint hint, Embrace+, I don't feel like getting scammed again. To those of you who stay in this project to the end, I wish you luck and hope that you get a genuine product. I myself, am out of this one. What's the difference between your f20 and the anker pro 2 apart from cosmetics <url>’s not unique, it’s not new. It’s already out there. It doesn’t seem to bring any true value that will help you as a start-up company grow. This is not what Kickstarter is about. Additionally I would like to call out that even your new "marketing team" is failing. I tried to relay this to you in a private message but did not may any changes. You are very obviously falsifying charge times and setting very bad expectation. The number of times you change your devices is NOT 20,000 divided by the mAh capacity of your battery. For starters this assumes perfect energy exchange, no loss of energy through heat or other components. Just not possible. The reality is, by your measurements a 2,000 mAh battery should be able to be changed 10 times. I own almost a dozen portable batteries (from 1,800 to 18,000 mAh) and have done extensive testing and I can show with documented results that there is no way you would get a 2,000 mAh battery to change more than 6 or 7 times under perfect conditions, never would it charge 10 times. This further shows a lack of true testing and again poor marketing. At this point unless you can show a patent documentation or other legal documents showing that this design is owned by you (same company listed as the KS Project owner) and that it’s a unique product, im afraid I will perceive this to be fraudulent. Let’s see the FCC, CE, and ROHS certification paperwork. Let’s see those numbers line up with the products you demoed. Those products had logos on the front and FCC/CE/RoHS info along with model and serial number info on the back, its visible in the video. Let’s see those products close up so we can see the logo imprinted on the bottom of the 2 smaller units. I can’t believe I missed it myself as I had almost bought that Anker model off Amazon about 6 months ago. With my history and collection im ashamed I didn’t catch it sooner. At this time I will be withdrawing my pledge (so won't be able to make any more comments) but will follow the project. If you are able to publish the legal documents I will consider re-pledging. This F16 looks familiar: <url>"your" other designs that look EXACTLY the same as what is being sole: <url>"yours" doesn't do anything different, so how is yours not the same? Are you planning on having an adapter for the Surface Pro? Sunny Can you answer @Elevated technologies comment? Why are you selling the product here at KS while it is being available for over 1 year - this is not an online retail store. I am reporting this to KS and withdrawing my pledge. In fact, if you want the next generation of this battery pack, they now offer it with an LCD screen and it is cheaper than the old version they are trying to scam you with here. <url>#1 and #2 priorities respectively. Thanks for the clarification. Will we know about Macbook adapter and Charge through technology before the project ends? Why does F16 have 10 adapters as compared to 8 for the other two? I have no doubt that it will get funded in 1-2 days. For stretch goals- case/carry on bag, or increase the capacity of battery - maybe? Thanks Thanks for quick reply. 1. Can you elaborate on those issues and how are you avoiding those so that it is gonna be a success here? 2. Why 20K instead of 15K? 3. Does this work MacBooks? And can you give a bit more details about the 8 adapters? 4. What makes this charge more faster than other products? 5. With that amount of charge is there going to be overheating and malfunction of the unit? 6. Does it have charge through technology? 6. The way it is taking off here, I have no doubt that this will be over pledged. Any stretch goal ideas - like a case or a bag to carry, increase the battery capacity etc. Hope I did not overwhelm you Thanks Sunny Cool product. How come it did not take off at at the other crowd source funding place? Why are you trying to raise 20 K here as opposed to 15 K. Thanks