I wonder if these guys even look here at all after all this time... 7 years and still nothing! Thieves Thieves Oh man! i came here just to link it while retelling it to my discord group...Fond memories! 218 backers pledged $17,968 to help bring this project to life and it only took 2 people to kill it David Saxey - Brian Kennedy Just dropping in to say this is my favorite KS to complain about. When folks ask what KS do you remember as sucking the worst I love to share this one. Look! David Saxey has a LinkedIn profile <url>"creator" (aka "the con artist") has not logged on here for years - this project is more dead than the parrot in the monty python bit. *tumbleweed passing through* This is now a support group for frustrated KS backers ;-) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Been 3 years, do you think he is almost done? LOL, I love your persistence Lawrence. Still holding a hate candle for David and Brian. Hey! A RIpoff Report on David for this very project. <url>"Torrence" in the mini-series "Triffids" who develpos into a small time gang lord in a post apocalyptic world of blind people preying on them and using them for his benefit... (how ironic, and by no means with any similarities to our situation here...) Here is the FB page for him... <url>￣Д￣)ﾉ Well, if his house was a "money pit" as mentioned in the link Mr Campbell posted, that might explain where most of our money went. :( Can anybody get a good address on David Saxey? Looks like he's getting divorced possibly as well: <url>"real" than what we got from this project. Saw a different KS from the guy who delivered on the floating face d6's in the past. Not as many options, but... <url>"Russ, Dave Saxey has all the dice. I have not had contact with him in several months. I even offered to etch the dice and ship them and he refused. I honestly have no idea what he is doing. However, I will try to get your order processed and see if I can get it shipped. Unfortunately, Dave is the type of person that will tell you he is doing something and then never does it. I dont even know where he lives now. I am sorry this all happened as the dice turned out fantastic. Once again, I will see what I can do." Man, I really wanted a nice set of copper dice. Instead, I only recieved a bill and regret. I am just sorry to the other projects I did not back because of this one. I got angry and more disillusioned with humanity. This user's account has been deleted. So, since they seem to have no intention to even reply to our questions or update us as they promised to do, is there a lawyer among us? There has been at least one successful class action suit taken against a KS project creator that did.....far better than this one has, so far. I honestly wouldn't know where to begin, but I'd gladly Join/Help where I can. I get the impression Brian Kennedy was scammed too, but if it helps, here's his e-mail address. <email> I'm in WA, >.> I mean we're almost 6 month out from the last update. The lawsuit is a long time in coming to start holding these scammers liable for failing to deliver on their LEGALLY BOUND OBLIGATIONS TO FULFILL KICKSTARTER PROJECT PROMISES!!!! The WA lawsuit will be very interesting, and naturally this Kickstarter project will be submitted when the floodgates inevitably open to go after those who have made promises, taken people's money, and vanished. David and Brian, now would be the ideal time to come clean, pony up the money to get our dice done or sent to us as is before things get even more serious. If nothing else be smart, as honorable left the equation long ago. As Emillien noted, the State of Washington has sued the deadbeat creator of a different project. As I live in WA, I am very interested to find others in WA that backed this project and got shafted as I'd like to see WA sue Mr. Saxey and Mr. Kennedy as well. US friends, something like this could be useful: <url>"creators" as they have clearly abandoned this project and I am pretty sure that they do not come here to read the posts or PMs any more. If none of them get forced to react, they will just get away with this - which could also be one possible end result of this "project". A good example of how KS and the crowdfunding system they have set up works: They practically shield the creators from the backers. If they do not react to the Forum or PMs you normally have no other means to contact them. The creators have practically no liability towards you (as can be observed here) and KS will not help or support you either. The transaction was completed for KS at April 7th, 2013. Since then we are on our own. I have stopped funding projects here and when it is clear that the last reward has arrived or alternatively it is clear where I have been scammed I will close my account. The whole system is working against any protection for the backers the way it is conducted by KS. Conditions like these have to turn this platform into scammers heaven in the long run. I will not support this any more. If the blanks are complete let us have them! Unless u want to melt them down and sell for scrap?? Cmon guys post something- or ship the blanks... @Richard N. In view of your optimism and your "it's only money philosophy", I'll make you a deal: You send me $110 of your only money, and I'll tell David Saxey to send you my dice. You can optimistically wait for those as well. I would be satisfied just to get the Blank...and maybe an apology. Definitely not delivering. Don't have faith I guess I'm just more optimistic than most people, though that surprises me, as I generally consider myself misanthropic. While, yes, I am disheartened that it's taken this long, I do still have good faith that these will be made at some point. I probably wouldn't reply much to people accusing me of committing fraud, that so far is just alleged by disgruntled "investors", either. In the absence of proof, you are only committing libel by declaring them guilty, thereby begging the eternal question, do the ends justify the means? At the end of the day, it's only money, folks. You can make more of it, and you can spend it even less wisely than on Kickstarter projects that don't deliver. The Doom That Came To Atlantic City is being made now, why can't these also come later rather than sooner? Please include me in any legal actions: <email> Maybe Russ Luzetski knows more, since he wanted to try a different, less intimidating and mean approach to get in contact with Mr. Saxey. How did that work out Russ? I had a shred of hope that he would pull through. Let me know if we are taking legal action count me in. @Matt The status is we've been ripped off. Mr Saxey, your last update was Nov 22 2013. It is now Feb 2014. Status? @Muttala He was lying. sigh... no more update again? not to say no dice yet.. If Dave still willing to finish up the project for us after he apologize in the update? not to say are they still in good quality? It blow my mind after reading back the risk statement, perhaps I must not rad only next time "We are very confident in our ability to complete this project. Even with the complexities of the CNC manufacturing process involved in making these Precision Machined RPG dice sets, we have manufactured the most complex of the dies and are confident in the manufacture of the rest of the set. Having been in the CNC industry since 1989, Brian has the experience and knowledge to see this project through to completion. I have been in marketing & project management since 1998 and will ensure the business aspects of this project will be handled punctually and professionally. There are two possible setbacks that I can see in this project. The first is if there is a problem in getting the raw materials for the dice. Currently we have a minimum of two suppliers for each of the raw materials. The other possible setback is based on production. Currently we plan to produce all of the die in our facility in Idaho. If the volume of pledges gets larger than we can produce ourselves we have will sub out the production to another qualified CNC shop we do business with. This other CNC shop has ability to deliver the Precision Machined RPG dice with the same production quality and tolerances as we would produce personally." Mr Saxey, I'd like an update. @Russ Luzetski: Yes, you probably should have... for obvious reasons. And *us* being jerks (even "total jerks")? First of all, why include yourself in that bold statment, you obviously don't want to be thrown in with the critics. Second there ist only one jerk in this project I can identify, and his name is David Saxey. To make this clear: It does not matter what we post here, nothing will slow down or speed up this project, since he does not read what we write any more. There is no project any more. If you look closely you can see the tumbleweeds passing through this forum. The only question remaining is: Is some backer from the US willing to file charges, in order to force David Saxey to react to the mess he created. Honestly, what do you expect, what kind of general appeasing approach seems realistic to you? How do you figure critical comments *made* David Saxey stop working on the project or demotivate him to continue? It was the other way around: Nothing was happening any more, it was clear that money was withheld from the production of the dice -> so people became angry, but were *still* polite. But David Saxey just ignored every meaningful question about what is actually happening with our money and the dice, and that was the point where it became clear that these dice will never be finished. Since you were looking so hard for evidence that he is no fraud, where did you come up with some evidence that supports your argument? Even if I could take you serious (which I - honest to god - can't) I can't see your approach of appeasing and soothing him working in any way. It's not his ego that is hurt, else he would just give the money back or at least vent his frustration. But instead he drives this project in the ditch, realises that he will not be able to get out of this without loosing quite some money, and decides to quietly walk away from this and pocket our money. This perspective is consistent with him not reacting any more. Honestly, short of forcing him by law to take action I see no other way to get some answers what happened with our money, let alone get any dice one day. Feel free to PM him, so you can distinct yourself from this awful, awful crowd here and write him a nice letter convincing or motivating him to produce the dice already. If he replies, let us know. You can be our neutral negotiator, wouldn't that be great? Good luck with your mission. Ah, yes. Of course, I should have seen that coming. Let me try this approach, then: Us being total jerks for the past few months hasn't worked to get us the dice. If anything, it's made it less likely. Anyone have a better idea? (Because apparently working _with_ them is also not an option.) @Russ Luzetski: I'm totally baffled about your statement - are you serious? But anyway, let's see if this works when I utter the magic words: "Dear, dear David. We love you all and we believe in you! Please also believe in us. You are not a bad man as some suggest, you are great! A brave, shining creator in a dark world of backers of little faith! We know you will deliver, so don't listen to the critics, just work on the dice whenever you feel like it. Don't be stressed - this is not your day job after all. Feel free to spend our money as you please - we know you are a sensitive, responsible and trustworthy larger than life Hero." So, dear darling David, after I have spoken the magic words can we please have our dice now? Pretty please with sugar on top? What do you think, Russ, will that do the trick? Or do we have to suck up some more to him until he may feel like producing the dice for the people that paid him eight months ago? What pleases conmen is not that a sucker is born every minute, but that those suckers grow up and get credit cards. @Russ---we don't need to "motivate" Saxey to do anything. Giving him our money was motivation---and obligation---enough. If you haven't figured it out, this is a joke to him. He's laughing at us. If anybody gets close to doing something about it, he might make an occasional post, but there's zero follow-through. There's a very simple answer that David Saxey needs to provide to a very simple question: what did he do with our money? The fact that he refuses to answer that question (or any others) should be all the proof you need. @Russ, the biggest issue people have is that every time Dave or Brian promise better communication, is doesn't happen. Months pass and not a word. Read his last update. I think if there was any real indication that they were still trying, people here might have a better reaction. But you can only get lied to so many times before you get mad. It's been said here before that if you fail at a project it's one thing....but you need to be honest about it. The communication needs to be there. At this point we have absolutely no idea if it's still even being worked on. And Brian's update prior to that saying that Dave hadn't even paid for the work that had been done....it's discouraging. So you can't expect people to be too positive about this situation until the project creators start acting like grown ups. Hiding from a problem doesn't make it go away. I still think he sucks I agree with your observations, James, but I don't understand how we get from there to accusing Dave of being a "conman, scam artist, and fraud". I'm not saying he is or isn't - I have no idea. I just know that things can go wrong, even when the folks involved have the best intentions. I'd like to think that, if we were pushing more positively that Dave would be more motivated to follow-through on this. Right now, all we've been doing is telling him he sucks, he's a conman, and we want our money back, and that's not going to motivate him to do anything. I really want these dice. It isn't as much about the money as it is the product - I've been looking for dice like this for many, many years, and have been unable to find them, or what I found is plated (which comes apart) or has other issues. I was willing to give benefit of a doubt, but it stretches only so far. On Oct 21 we see images of the polyhedral blanks showing are done, but the final finishing hasn't been completed. (Clearcoating and etching?) Nearly a month passes and we hear from the other half that he's been working with the laser. And we're now about 2 months passed that date. I understand that the dates on kickstarter are not always very reliable, as many are overoptimistic. But when one of the creators says he hasn't been paid and won't do anything more, it really dashes confidence. But without communication that a payment issue has been resolved, or that the laser has been resolved, or anyone communicating they've received finished dice, it makes it difficult to extend trust. I can understand being dispirited, or not coming on here to read negative comments. But avoidance doesn't fix any underlying issue. If we had reports by a few people that they had tracking numbers, or better, dice in hand, there would be a collective sigh of relief instead of people - like me - asking where I can buy pitchforks. I'm going to call my credit card company and file with the state of Idaho within the next week. I figured I'd wait till just after the new year, I understand how life can be busy. I can't excuse the lack of follow through and communication. I just realized something. I've dug through the comments here and I can't find any actual proof of these accusations that Dave is a "conman, scam artist, and fraud". Yeah, he had a lien filed against him. A lot of people have - I have, in fact. Just meant I was upside-down and struggling to work my way out of it. Is there some other proof folks have for this that I missed? So---what shall we do at this point? It's obvious to me, and I expect to the rest of you, that none of us are going to get any dice. It's also obvious that David Saxey isn't really trying to make any dice. It's also obvious that he took $17,968.00 of our money. I just dont get it. As a graphic designer, when I take a clients money, its my job to deliver. Not deliver days late, weeks late, or months late! We are talking about almost $18K... and over 6 months behind schedule. What gives? @Matt It's probably safe to assume everything David/Brian posts here is pure hogwash. This is a scam. Something has occured to me. Remember when Brian posted that the dice have been made but he didnt have any money to move forward? Whats the status on that? David posted an update about the laser "problems" but never mentioned whats going on with Brian... Are all of our funds still just sitting in David's bank account? My credit card company decided in my favor and credited my money back. Sadly this impacts Kickstarter rather than David Saxey, noted conman and fraud. Hopefully they go after him. Kickstarter may still dispute the decision. I wonder what Dave is buying himself this Christmas with my $110.00. I'll donate. Since it tis the season.. I would like to make a suggestion we start a kickstarter campaign to rent a billboard I his hometown to publicly shame David into completing the project or refunding. Thoughts or comments To Dave and Brian, Why not just keep everyone updated more? Ok, the lasers packed up... Send it back and go with new company... people can wait IF they are being treated with respect... the best course for everyone is to complete this project... dont look at short term losses even if u lose money on the project. Its a completion and that says a lot. You started this project now finish it for all involved's sake- we know ur not scammers. Dispute process/investigation with my credit card company is moving forward. Dave, I'd like an answer about the aluminum boxes. I'd rather give you a chance to answer before doing what alot of other backers are doing, since I invested much more into this project than most. My credit card company is opening an investigation, despite the transaction occurring outside the normal dispute window. I burned some money on the other metal dice Kickstarter that Mr. Fisher linked to. <url>"Saker" Collins Nov 15, 2013 If you are transparent about the process up front people will be more comfortable. Identifying what companies will be doing what work, and posting redacted contracts to prove the business relationships are real will help. Would you consider doing that? Laura Flores S./Eagle Claw Designs Laura Flores S./Eagle Claw Designs Nov 15, 2013 Hi Lawrence, I am working with one metal machine company and one metal finishing company out of Ohio which is my home state. I would prefer not to go into detail about contract information and details governing my business relationship with the companies I'm working with. I hope you understand. Thanks Laura Lawrence "Saker" Collins Nov 15, 2013 I don't think details (prices, design specifications) are necessary, but folks would appreciate information on who is actually going to be doing the work and what the arrangements and expectations are. There are a lot of thieves running scams on Kickstarter, and folks like to be put at ease. Laura Flores S./Eagle Claw Designs Nov 15, 2013 Hi Lawrence, I understand where you are coming from, I just don't feel comfortable giving away information pertaining to the business arrangements and partnership I have with the company I solely work with on my product designs. I have listed within the project the production process and timelines for estimated completion. I have not come across any Kickstarter project creators so far that go into great depth of giving away such business information. Once again I truly hope you understand. Thanks Laura Lawrence "Saker" Collins Nov 15, 2013 I understand completely. I hope your customers have a happy experience. Thanks for the heads up guys! I agree. I'm not trusting another dice KS. @Daniel She refused to answer questions about who would be doing the actual production and other details. I passed, and you probably should too. Interesting link Daniel. Thanks for posting. Sorry wrong link LOL that one is just 6 siders here is another one. <url>"Also a victim?" I contacted my credit card company today. Normally their dispute window is 60 days, but when I explained the situation they opened an investigation (with no promises) to see if there was anything they could do. I also filed a report at www.ripoffreport.com and would suggest everybody else do likewise. This further attaches David Saxey's name to fraud. You do have to register to write a report but it's rather easy. The info I used was this: Name: David Saxey aka Dave Saxey Website: <url>"hands off", a chargeback is really only one of the two viable options left. I can sue (which would be a very easy case to win: hey look, my item was never delivered and the creators have stated they have stopped all work) but that would be a small hassle, so I leave that as last resort; or else I can do a chargeback. In the worst case scenario where KS gets petty and closes a person's account for doing chargebacks (I don't know if they do that or not), a person could just contact the creators of the other projects they have already backed outside of KS to get their rewards. I would prefer the money to be eaten up in fees than to be taken by David. I have no interest in the blanks. I don't even have any interest in the finished product anymore. Because the delivery date was crossed months ago and we didn't get any reliable, proper news since, I bought an alternative set of real dices from a real seller. What I want now is a refund. @Bibas: The problem with a class action is that you're trying to get $18K for 200 backers. That money will be eaten by fees very quickly. Of course that's exactly what David Saxey, fraud, scam artist, con man, and cheat is counting on. I'm going to to look into doing a chargeback as well. Who knows? Maybe if all 218 of us do that, David Saxey, fraud, scam artist, con man, and cheat will end up in a world of hurt. Might doing a charge-back affect either our Amazon or Kickstarter accounts? I just dropped KS a line asking if it would affect my KS account. Also, it would be ideal if someone in ID were to get in contact with an attorney about filing a class-action lawsuit on behalf of all backers. @Herbert, look up Neil Singh. He sued a project creator that didn't deliver and all of the backers got their money back. I was sitting back and hoping to get at least the blanks, but since David must purposefully be snubbing us at this point, I think the same situation should happen here. He can, and needs to be, held accountable. If it doesn't (really) hurt business, why would KS care? Their policy sounds nice enough to attract backers and generate growth - that they do not enforce it in any way is the problem of the backers after the money changed hands, and the backers do not hold KS responsible either. A more thorough screening before admitting a creator to start a campaign would just limit the number of projects and therefore the revenue. The whole deal is set up in a way that consumer protection is effectively eliminated, while sounding warm and fuzzy. The guilty parties and KS move the blame around, the single backer spents too little money to go to court. That's crowdfunding for you. On top of that you get a lot of groupie fan backers who pick on other backers who ask crititical questions before and after the funding period. This is the holy grail or the proverbial free lunch for scammers - one wonders why it does not occur even more frequent. Realising this pattern is the key to use the tool crowdfunding in a realistic way and not to be naive about it. You always get something for your money, even if it just an expensive lesson in not to trust everybody by default who offers no security or reputation - this is exactly why no "creator" here would get a loan from a bank. Or in short: "What recourse does Kickstarter offer to enforce their policies?" - none. You can go to court - but will you, and what will it get you? If Kickstarter states there is an obligation to fulfil the project or refund the money, why does it seem like Kickstarter is relying on the honour system? What recourse does Kickstarter offer to enforce their policies? 105 days to claim reimbursement through Amazon Payments is all but useless as every project I've seen has a delivery date at least 3 months after the funding period. I did the same, Matt. After a little over a week of nothing more forthcoming by update or in reply to my email I then contacted my credit card company. They helped me successfully dispute & ultimately reverse the only other Kickstarter project gone bad (Odin's Ravens game) out of the 75+ I've backed. Anything new? I requested my blanks via the Kickstarter email link but havent heard anything back... Just dropped my letter to the Idaho Atorney General in the mail today. I'd recommend everyone else do the same using the link to the complaint form in Expendable's email below. The more complaints the AG gets the more likely he is to take action. Nothing is going to happen unless we force the issue. I didn't receive any response to my email through kickstarter or directly to Dave via Bank of the Cascades. I guess it's time to fill out a complaint with the Idaho Attorney General using the link Expendable provided below. I think there was one other guy who managed to get his blanks, and I think he asked for blanks from the very beginning, so I'm kind of surprised I managed to get mine. I hope you're successful. On the engraving point, I was doing pretty well until I got to the 20d. Instead of going 1, 2, 3, ..., 19, 20, I was adding the numbers spacially based on another die. And I accidentally added two 7s. Luckily, I hadn't done 8 yet, so I was able to turn it into a crude 8. It will serve as a permanent reminder to be more careful when engraving. Well, I sent my request for the blanks, but I'm not getting my hopes up. :-\ Even if I get them, I don't know that I'm willing to spend money on an engraver just to make them into dice. I'll have to think about that. Marc's definitely turned out great, so I might have to give it a shot. Again, that requires I get the blanks, which doesn't seem likely. Has anyone other than Marc been successful at getting their blanks? Sigh... It seems to be irresponsible to leave the project like this. If I were David or Brian I would rather write off the pain of lost if this is because of some wrong planning or something on the budget. Leaving it will just create much more / bigger trouble (legal etc) in future together with the lost of precious personal credibility! Think again... Kills me a little that I was choosing between backing Artisan Dice heavily or this and went with this one. While Artisan Dice is behind, it looks like they will deliver. I letters/emails don't get Dave's attention; I wonder how he will feel when he starts getting visited in person by more people than there were backers for this project? Especially when those people start telling him things about his life that would make the NSA jealous.... I am done playing games & will start reaching out to old military contacts to pull some strings if I have to. @Mike, all: It is true that obvious KS scams or complete failures are rather rare. With my 79 projects I'd estimate about 3-5% that I had to write off completely (2 out of 79 are clear failures (including this one) with 2 other projects I'll have to see how they will work out). While other projects delivered or seem to go o.k., almost all of those who already delivered were way behind schedule, and with some results I was not happy (low quality, different outcome than advertised). So, the risk is actually not that big, but it still is a mixed picture. I will follow these rules in the future: - Only pledge what you can stand to lose completely (per project and in total) - Prefer creators that have already delivered on another KS project of comperable size - Avoid single creators without extensive background of another successful business - Prefer creators that use the product to start a permanent business vs. "one-time" creators - Quit a project before the funding ends if the communication is not good (serious questions are not adressed or done away with), or if you have a funnny gut feeling. Trust yourself. - BTW: A high production value promo Video on the KS homepage is *no* indicator of the prefessionalism of the creator to handle the project. Often times the creators hire a company to do the video (costing money that will not go towards production... - so if the single first time creator has a *great* video, be suspicious... his best skill seems to be to advertise effectively) - there are some more points, you will pick them up if you keep backing... The enthusiastic first time single creator (or two-man creators teams like this KS) that acts on a nice, compelling idea with no experience is the most problematic one - especially when overfunded and faced with a much larger production as planned. When his / her / their project get in any trouble (and it will) they have no plan B and seem to be temped to abandon the project and pocket the money, hoping that nobody will go through the trouble to take legal action. They become scammers not because they planned this as a scam from the start, but they can't deal with problems and don't want to lose money if they miscalculated or don't know how to deal with a situation. Also a lot of those creators seem to either already have or develop personal problems (depressions) when things get rough. They start enthusiastically and things go south after they receive the funds. Instead of proof of action there are some apologies at first to buy some time and later on, when nobody believes their apologies any more the communication simply stops. Sometimes in this phase they also act as they take offence to the backers inquiries before going silent, as if this would justify their walking away ("if you don't like me and ask questiosn all the time I quit. So there!"). This is a typical pattern. If you recognize it in early stages of a KS project prepare yourself to accept the project as failure in progress. I emailed Dave where he works, so hopefully that will get his attention. Also, to those that are saying this is your first and last kickstarter, I would encourage you not to let this one bad project sour you. I have backed nearly 90 projects now, and of all those this is the only one that did not fulfill their rewards. <url>’s the general contact info I found for the bank: Email: <email> Phone: 541-617-3500 or 877-617-3400 Nothing since the update from Brian on the 21st which essentially said Dave was holding all the money. It really is looking like this KS was just a scam. Anything new here? @Nick: Brian is a co-creator of this project. From the backer point of view the funds were received by the creators Brian and David. Since one of them has obviously run off with the money, it's not exactly right, that the other "wasn't paid". He was paid - by us. David does just not seem to be a sharing guy - which is Brians problem first of all, not ours. Brian is not just a contractor, as co-creator he shares the benefits and the risks of the business, and the risks seem to have manifested itself here. He still owes us the dice as co-creator, because the project has received the money for the production. How he gets his share from David is not exactly our problem. Um, based on what Brian said, that he hasn't even been paid for the base metals/machining, someone needs to take action of some sort. So we really have only two options: 1. believe these guys are legit and will send us all our blanks and/or dice 2. legal action Amazon will not process a dispute or chargeback more than 105 days after the actual transaction. I don't know if they'll waive that if you call in and point out that delivery was scheduled for many weeks after the initial charge. I'm half-tempted to take out an ad in the local Eagle, ID newspaper. Full page or at least very prominent. Demanding that David Saxey address our issues. At the very least I'll feel a bit better that a significant portion of his town will know he's a scam artist. We aren't getting any dice. Here's why: In update #16, Brian stated, "My company was contracted with to make all the dice, which I have done. However, I have only been paid about 35% of the invoice." Brian wrote "dice", but he meant blanks. The blanks are done. The company (and Brian) that contracted to make the blanks have completed their work---yet they haven't been paid. They've only been paid 35%. You know what that 35% most likely was? The initial deposit. The remainder was likely due upon completion (Brian hasn't bothered to show us the contract or invoice). Brian and his company have the blanks because they haven't been paid the balance due for delivery. Why haven't they been paid the balance due? Because the money is gone. Where did it go? Ask Dave, but you can bet it didn't go to getting our dice made. That's my interpretation of the few facts (if those few are even true) that we have been given. You are all welcome to post your own speculations. In communication with KickStarter, it looks like they can't help us with refunds at all. We either need to get one from the project creators, possibly through Amazon Payments or whatever we used to fund the campaign, or I guess through legal action. Since I'm guessing that anyone else's request for a refund from the creator has fallen on deaf ears, the latter two seem to be our only options, other than waiting for delivery of the dice. They cleared about $16,171.20 from the project. They bought a hobby laser, which cost about $2500, tops. I don't know what they bought the hobby laser for, because it's not ideal for the project. Brian indicated 1/3 of the machining bill has been paid, although he hasn't posted any invoices. I'll have to guess at that amount since Brian won't tell us. That leaves, reasonably. at least $10,000 that has wandered off. For prosecution purposes, we should probably have charges filed in the state with the most victims, much as I'd like David (and possibly Brian) to sit in prison in Florida. I think everybody should file a complaint with the Idaho AG. Go here: <url>"defeat". Is anyone capable of taking over this project if David and Brian concede defeat? From the Kickstarter Blog: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. A fair question Herbert. Here's is a bit of background: I've worked at Microsoft for around 13 years and met a lot of brilliant people who suffered from one major flaw... they had poor "people skills". They wouldnt reply to emails, didnt do very good at compromise, and would sometimes just clam up if you pu the screws to them. I got used to using a light touch when pressuring them for results and this is coming through in my comments for this Kickstarter. I'm coming from a hope that we might still see positive results from this Kickstarter so that is why I am advocating patience and such. Now, am I excusing the lack of communication and updates? Nope. In the future I will not invest in another Kickstarter that has a similiar pattern. Am I advocating tar and feathers. Nope. Not that either. I would remind some of the posters that I am in the same boat as themselves. Taking out that frustration on me because I offered a different perspective to this Kickstarter isnt going to get anyone their dice any faster. Take care. "there's definitely a petulant side of myself that would want to put off the project and leave everyone to stew in their own negativity." Do you understand the concept of customer service? Communication? Simple communication on their part would have offset all this "negativity" as you call it. So as customers we're supposed to sit quietly and wait until when exactly before we can make some inquiries? "Trust me, there's no way they Photoshopped those pictures." No, really I trust you and your "expertise: in that declaration. What?! "I have to say, if I were receiving the comments that I see here, I would likely ignore the page until I had a final product" Do you happen to be related to the two "creators"? Apparently they subscribe to your philosophy as well. If there was a problem with the etching I wouldn't mind just getting the blank for the die I pledged for. I can always paint on my own numbers. Mary's sentiment is rather common, unfortunately. It's the sort of sentiment that criminals bank on. Nothing the backers have done on this page has been rude or unreasonable. The only bad actors here are David and Brian. $17,968 is a very small amount of money to sue over when the average loss to each victim is less than $100. That's what criminals count on. That's why scam artists love Kickstarter. I've prosecuted my fair share of criminals---con-men, scam artists, dishonest hucksters---and they all have two things in common: they all think they are the smartest person in the room, and they all think the rest of us are stupid. Even if David and Brian didn't set this whole thing up as a rip-off in the beginning, it has become rather apparent that they haven't the integrity or decency to own up to their mistakes or to try to make things right. I say that because all they would have needed to do is maintain contact and post updates. All they needed to do was give us answers to very simple questions. They haven't. They are ignoring us. David and Brian are hoping that we will all just chalk this up as another "failed" Kickstarter and go away. Many of you will do that, or spend the rest of your days walking to the mailbox with the irrational hope that dice will magically appear. Either way, it's a pretty easy way for David and Brian to stick $15,000 in their pockets. Nothing would make me happier to be proven wrong. I'd be pleased as punch to get my 6 magnesium d20s. Do any of you really think that's going to happen? Do you honestly think any of us are going to get dice? But for Mary and Matt and anybody else who may be offended by backers who have lost their faith in David Saxey, I have a solution: if you send me $110 via PayPal, I will tell David to send my d20s to you and I won't post another word on this thread. Hi Matt, I don't get the point that you and Mary make, that a project will "go down" or "sink" if backers are to harsh in their critic. Why should this lead to failure? Do you think that it is the right of a creator to abandon a project because he or she gets some heat? If so, why? I always thought projects fail because either there are clear circumstances, like a supplier that does not deliver, or that the creators are simply not up to what they promised - or the project is a scam. "Hurt pride" as a legit reason to abandon a project is new to me. So far no legal action was taken, it was only talked about. If this would be a problem for the creators, you would think they seek a communication with their backers... None of the posts so far would have kept them one minute from: a) Post an update b) Produce the promised dice So, what do I obviously not get, that you and Mary see? I'm really curious to learn. Well put Mary. Trust me everyone, I am just as frustrated at the rest of you. I'm in for a $100 so this stings more than a little. But I also know that I personally respond better to reason vs. threats. So I would rather err on the side of reason/caution that become so upset that I possible end up totally sinking a project that might only be unpleasantly stalled. Note that this is my personal opinion and I am not blaming anyone for being upset. I'm just advocating that we don't get too upset. :) While Mary may be right about the sharp tone in the last comments I don't think she's right about the project itself. It does simply not matter if some backers are friendly or not, this can not depend on the mood or grace of a creator reading comments. We do not have to appease them and ask "pretty please" to do their job. I do not care how they feel like, it is none of my business. They simply have to deliver within the time frame they have set themselves, if they don't the least courtesy is to communicate to the backers and set a new realistic date. I only have 25$ riding here, so I can be calm, but if I would have spent 200$+ on a higher tier I would be outraged. Honestly, after backing about +75 projects on KS, I am pretty sobered up about crowdfunding in general. The platforms make it too easy for plain scammers or creators with no clue and no logistic or business skills to collect money without any meaningful due diligence or any realistically enforcable legal liability. KS just collects its percentage of the funding goal and leaves the rest to the backers, which by no means are something like investors. As Mary said: It is hard to sue, even if the collected sum is substantial, because of the small amount per backer. This is a far better idea than going into a bank and rob them for 17.968$ at gunpoint... Will they deliver? If so when? 2014? 2015? Maybe, but most backers of this project don't even care any more. The creators just burned all bridges with this project, their reputation is down the drain, even if they come up with some dice in the end. And that is not the fault of rude backers, but only the fault of the project creators and how the conducted their business. If this should have been a grand start of their new business, it was the worst imaginable: Unreliable and unresponsive - who will do business with them ever again? People, don't spend more on a KS project than you are willing to write of as a total loss. Be pleasently surprised if anything comes of your pledge, even half a year later than you expected (see "broken age"...more than a year overdue also). Without any expectation you can save yourself some disappointment. There are of course reliable creators and serious and motivated business starters here, but meanwhile at least an equal amount of scammers. I know of no other business platform that cares less about fraudulent customers ("creators") than crowdfunding platforms. I think Mary has some good points, at least one of the backer get the dices I personally disappointed as much as many of us. While 99% of the project I back delayed (to date I only receive Ghana Sisters pc game, some even more than 1 year delay...), I totally agree that David and Brian could at least give a monthly update to us and sadly they are not. Update will show us that at least he's doing something even it is still much delayed. Anyway, let's wait for this to year end? I'm sure we will be very clear that what to do then. Mary, i see you backed Amber Rix's wonderful project as well. Compare this project to hers. She is a young college student that ended up having to produce way more dice than her original projects thanks to all the support. And yet she managed to communicate better and stay on schedule better than two full grown professional men. And more importantly she actually delivered a product. It has been complete radio silence for almost two months on this project. No response from emails, PMs, or even phone calls. Sure some of us are probably going a bit overboard with our reactions, but it is rather frustrating to be ignored. Why no communication for so long? Vacation? Funeral? Work? For two months? You're just going to completely avoid the internet and the phone for 2 months? It's starting to seem a bit fishy to me. Especially when you realize that a young teenage college kid is better at running a campaign than 2 grown adults. I don't even care about the money or the dice anymore. I just want to know what the hell David and Brian have been doing these last two months! Perhaps if everyone calmed down a bit, we would see some progress? I've met some fairly litigious people in my time, but you guys definitely take the cake. I was also a bit frustrated by the lack of communication, but I have to say that if I logged on to continuous threats of legal action, there's definitely a petulant side of myself that would want to put off the project and leave everyone to stew in their own negativity. So honestly, I don't even mind the silence. What we know is that the dice *do* exist. Trust me, there's no way they Photoshopped those pictures. Therefore this isn't a scam, it's a couple of guys who got in over their heads. Things didn't go as they planned, and now they're in this for more money than they received from us. That alone would provide understandable reluctance, but then every time they log on, all they get is negative feedback. I have to say, if I were receiving the comments that I see here, I would likely ignore the page until I had a final product (which I imagine they're relatively close to; that or their hobby laser doesn't work at all and they're evaluating other options which will be far more costly), and then come back with that. Also, your lawyer acquaintance is likely right. You're not going to find any sort of legal action to get such a small amount of money back. The legal fees would eat it up too rapidly. Unless you happen to be a lawyer yourself, it's not worth the time, and if you are, you're just eating into your own paycheck. I'm not trying to be rude, I just wanted to bring a bit of a different perspective to the situation. sorry i should have put " " around that. i emailed my lawyer acquaintance John, and that was his response. i think his advise of a registered letter might be a good start. that we we have Proof that he has received it, and THEN we can go to the law enforcement showing proof of negligence. @John I was intending to start with law enforcement, as this has the signs of a pure rip-off. I doubt I would file a class action over 18k dollars to 200 people. The legal fees for the first month or two alone would eat that up. I'd suggest a demand letter, registered return receipt to the individuals homes first. See what response was received at that point before proceeding further. John C. Lucy IV Attorney at Law David has stopped responding to PMs. I'm afraid this project has moved into the "scam" category. No luck gang. depending on what Roland hears i know a few lawyers in my area and i will get some consultations on what options we have. its not a huge amount of money but i would guess that we could sue for the product he has finished an for the lawyers fee. I'm curious to hear if Roland was able to make contact. I have forgave them for misleading me. However that does not mean that I will not participate in any legal process to rectify the wrong. Well, I am bummed to see this project stalled. I pledged for a full set of brass dice and was really looking forward to showing them off to my gaming group. Since at least one poster here mentioned receiving blank metal dice from this Kickstarter I am still going to hold out some hope... I found the same phone numbers as Licktoren with a quick Google search. But none of them seemed to be working phone numbers. After a little more digging i found the working phone number for David's wife Errika, and she was kind enough to provide his number as well. Though all i get is a voice mail currently, it at least appears to be a valid number, and we now know for a fact that we at least have contact info for Errika. Still no luck finding any actual contact info for Brian Kennedy however. David Saxey: 208-401-8402 Errika Saxey: 208-615-4707 @Roland Great! Have you called David to see when he wants to set up a tour of the workshop? Maybe he'll by you a beer with some of our money. Personally, I'd really like to get my dice, laser-engraved or not. At this point, I don't believe that's going to happen, though. I don't think I'll be backing anything else until this project is resolved, one way or the other, so count me in for whatever we need to do to get our money back. as another BTW David has not logged in since: Last login Aug. 30, 2013 so posting here seems to be a moot point. I'll be driving past Eagle, Idaho next week. Sometime in the afternoon on Monday to be precise. If David or Brian are not under a rock somewhere, I'd be happy to take some pictures of their progress and speak with them in person if they're willing. I'm not holding my breath though. for those that wish to try contacting him directly: David j Saxey 208-938-9543 208-938-0766 1214 E Winding Creek Dr Eagle, ID 83616-7233 not sure if this information is 100% correct but i would think there can't be too many David Saxey's in Eagle Idaho @Roland Are you still driving past Eagle, ID anytime soon? I remember you mentioned about a month ago that you were going to be near them "next month." Have you already made your trip? @Daniel We'll need a list of backers with email contacts. KS has that, but it may take some doing to get to it. Law enforcement has an easier time getting that information . . . (sigh) It's just so much easier when people do the right thing. I guess we need to force David Saxey and Brian Kennedy to do the right thing. Any backers live near Eagle, Idaho? Well lets get things rolling then. Lawrence, are you willing to instigate the proper forum since you seem to be experienced in these types of affairs? I'm from Europe so i am not entirely sure what my options are but if i through leverage can help you Americans get your money back i'm happy to help. I think at this point David and Brian are hoping we all just chalk this up as a loss and go away. I conatcted David and Brian about the unacceptable lack of communication, and the really problematic delay on delivery. I never got any answer - not even apologies. I have the feeling of having been scammed, and, as such, I'm willing to engage legal actions. @Ian We would need to organize on another site, as Kickstarter doesn't like backers to communicate directly. We've done it on Basecamp with another project that was pure fraud (that one is going to law enforcement). @Lawrence What can we do if there still no more reposond ? How can we backers organizing for action? Is there any other platform for we directly communicate beside here ? @Christopher It's the lack of communication that is the biggest problem. Most of us are reasonable people, but we can't abide the silence. There is absolutely no excuse for it. Zero. None. And it wasn't a "big gamble". Nobody here was gambling. They said they could do it. They said they had the experience. They even showed us what they said was a machined d20 that they had already completed. They showed us a marked d20 that they had done by a third party. They made promises to induce us to give them $18,000. We gave them our money. They haven't delivered, and have been suspiciously quiet. That's not gambling---that's a breach of contract. And sometimes, depending on the circumstances, it can be fraud. Fraud is rampant on Kickstarter, and scam artists take advantage of the mistaken idea that backers are "investing" in a "gamble". It's not an investment or a gamble. In this case, it's a pre-payment for a product, and its a contract. Manufacturing engineer here. I might get pretty unpopular with this opinion, but from the get go, this project was a big gamble on our part. The project scope was not reasonable for the amount of work involved, and the prices for the labor and materials were next to nothing. Machining metal isn't cheap and requires a fair amount of skill. Precision machining even more so. Precision machining titanium is very hard and expensive. While the difficulty of the project does not excuse the lack of communication, I believe it is in our best interest to take a step back and realize as a group we are being aggressive and antagonistic to our contract manufacturer. I still want a set of dice from David and Brian. Yes I wanted it months ago, but there is little helping that now. Threatening or taking legal action will ensure that none of us get the product we paid for, and will put these guys out more than $20,000. I would rather get my product 4-6 months late and be the only guy around with perfectly balanced titanium dice than make these guys sell their cars to pay for a project they're already in the hole for. David and Brian, please update us on your progress to remind us that you are making your best effort to complete your project. I am sure many of us are aware that there is always a risk in backing a Kickstarter project. As yours was particularly ambitious, it is not surprising that the deadline has slipped. We still want our dice. Okay, fellow backers---posted below is my latest message to David. I hope you all agree with its intent and portent. If David doesn't respond appropriately, we'll need to start organizing for action. --------- "Here's what you need to do: Remember when you started this project by sitting down and making a video with Brian? That's the video you used to induce us to give you $18,000.00. It showed us that you are capable of making a video. So make another video. Make a video that explains what has happened, what obstacles you've faced and overcome, and what difficulties you are still struggling with. Show us what you've done so far. Tell us what you still need to do. That, David, is the very LEAST you can do. At a bare MINIMUM, you should be communicating with the people who trusted you with their money. Make the video. Post it in an update. We know you are capable of doing it. Please don't make us pursue legal action. Please don't make the mistake of thinking we won't." I have a rope, and I'm just about at the end of it. I want my money back. Well, we can always hope for October. Considering they barely updated in June and completely skipped updating in July, I doubt we're going to get a September update. I'm hoping for a September update. This is pretty much the last day to do one of those. Well . . . yes. Truly, the most shockingly ridiculous part of this whole thing is the lack of communication with the backers. Granted, when I write something legally ominous to David, he writes back 6 times out of 10, but getting an explanation about the communication breakdown will be an amusing part of any future depositions. Ken Jenkins is getting his marked by people who actually are in that business. It's going to cost Ken a lot of money to get that done, more than he paid for the dice. When this project was in its infancy, David indicated that they had a d20 marked by a 3rd party. That was what we all assumed was going to happen---David and Brian machine the dice, a 3rd party marks them. At some point along the way, David and Brian decided to do the marking on their own. They bought a hobby laser that's not particularly good at marking. You can mark with it, but marking metal takes a bit of work, and I doubt the results will be as good as a more powerful laser designed for that purpose. Additionally, I don't know that either David or Brian have much experience using a laser marker. That's my guess as to why they are taking so long. That's putting them in the best light. The reason I'm guessing is because they aren't talking. It's becoming obvious that the creators are having technical difficulties of a sort that they probably should have looked into before starting this project and collecting our money. I think they would find that we are a far more forgiving group if they just told us the truth and communicated their issues. It's been a month, there needs to be some kind of progress update. Things have taken longer than expected and that's fine, but what isn't fine is getting better information from the backers than those working on the project. If you don't know when we can expect the dice, please make an update about your progress, show us that you are working on it. I could had patience if I had proper information on the project I funded. That's the most infuriating part: I can understand and accept delay, as this could easily happen due to unforseen and third party issues. Lack of communication, though, could only be explained by a lack of competence, respect, and/or honesty. As I responded to Dave, telling a customer to have "patience" for something that was promised 5 months back is insulting. No legitimate business would do that. How about an apology for a job not done? I've seen nor received apology. There's just some basic standards you should adhere to if you're going into business. Communication, treating your customers with respect and responding promptly to their concerns. These are also human qualities. You shouldn't treat anyone with such callous disregard as these two have. Telling me to have patience is pretty much the same as saying shut up and leave me alone. I received this response: "The dice are all cut and I am working with the laser to get them done. It is taking forever. I definitely did not walk off with the money, in fact we are losing money on this project (not that it matters). I just need to get these dice done and off my plate. I hate having this out there and hanging over me. Patience please. I can easily send out blanks right now, but I would prefer to send finished product." Hello the project. I'm still looking for that nifty die. Sounds like the polyhedra are all cut and polished and...the marking, its not going so well...is it? For whatever this is worth, I got this message earlier. We are working on lasering the dice now. Had some issues with the drivers for the laser and those are now solved. Just have a lot of dice to do. Patience please. David Saxey Sent from my iPhone Any kind of update would be appreciated. I'm ready for legal action. Anyone up for beginning the process? Sign me up. Here's my most recent email to David: "Ok, David---please tell me what needs to be done to have you communicate on this matter. If you just walked off with the money, let me know now so I can initiate your prosecution. Depending on where the case is filed and your history, you'll probably just get probation. If you cut all the dice and just figured out that your laser isn't up to the task of marking, let me know now so that we can discuss possible solutions. Some people are willing to take blanks, obviously. If you are marking the dice and it's just taking FOREVER, let me know now so that we can figure out a timeline. If you are dead, send me a certified copy of your death certificate and we'll arrange for a refund through your estate. What is not acceptable, if you haven't guessed, is for you to remain silent. You can remain silent at trial, but your customers would appreciate some communication. Talk to us. Now." David and Brian: Most of the rest of us don't see it that way, and neither does the law. Post an update explaining what you did with our money. David and Brian, I forgive you. I pray God's will, will be done in your lives and I pray good fortune for you and your families it is not for me to judge your actions. I had hopes that things would turn around for you and I still do. I understand that this was a donation in the hopes that your company would prosper and as a benefit of a prosperous company I would receive a set of dice. I will keep checking to see if you have had a break thru. God bless You Both. It simply boggles my mind how stupid, inconsiderate and downright infuriating how anyone could be this insensitive to their customers. A simple acknowledgement of their lack of response to our basic questions; is it truly that difficult to do? I'm sorry goes a long way. Admitting your lack of good judgment in how you've handled this would as well. There is NO possible excuse for this blatant disregard for us. Even if you were stricken with some kind of debilitating disease or condition it would take 5 minutes to type out a response. "The laser has finally arrived . . . The other metals are ready for the laser numbering process right now. Brian will be building the trays for the dice used in the laser over the next few days. I will be sending out emails to everyone to confirm shipping addresses this week . . ." That was posted, what . . . 27 days ago? ... @Patrick Kickstarter doesn't care. They got their money. You can send a complaint to them, though. How easily you can find the contact information is a pretty good indication of how eager they are to hear from customers. The other option is legal action. Will kickstarter do anything at this point? Or are we without options and just out our money? I wish there was a way to have kickstarter get a hold of them and get some answers. No kidding Lawrence. No dice. No updates. No response from the creators to private messages. Never again, first and last kickstarter. Happy September 15, 2013, everybody. (I mean 9d6--man, how annoying would it be to get the wrong number because of a botched comment?!) Thanks, Ken! I can't wait to see the finished product when you get those marked. Those look great! I can't wait for my 6d6 in aluminum. <url>"polyhedra" in hand. They're quite beautiful and larger than standard dice. They have extremely precise edges, and roll very evenly, stoping quickly. I requested blanks in order to have them cut by Q-Workshop of Poland. This project has taken way longer than it should, and communication has been poor, but the dice are real enough. It may be a while before they're shipped, but the dice themselves are real enough, and it seems the project is moving forward, albeit slowly. I hope everyone is able to wait a while longer. If this helps you rest easy, I'm glad. If you're over it, change your shipping address to mine. I have plenty of friends who would love some heavy metal dice. I'm up for that. If they're willing, I would be happy to provide a report from the site to put all of us at ease. @Roland That would be great! David and Brian can give you a tour of the workshop and you can take pictures of the work in progress. Very exciting stuff. I'll be driving past Eagle, ID next month. Maybe I should stop in and say hello. And, for the record, any use of the phrase "blank dice" actually means "blank polyhedra", since I maintain the position that if it's blank it isn't a die, serving none of the purposes of a die. Granted, however, that even blank polyhedra can make that satisfying clacking sound when you shake them in your hand. @Jason Negative. It means David indicated that he was sending blank dice out to other people. I haven't seen a completed die, neither have I been told any such exist, or will exist anytime in the near future. @Lawrence, ok, I was confused by your comment labeled 4 days ago (as of 9/3). Does that mean that David contacted you and said that the dice are coming your way? @Jason No, I didn't order blanks. I paid for completed dice. A blank icosohedron isn't a die, in my estimation, and isn't particularly helpful when I'm trying to generate a random number between 1 and 20. You can't really call blank polyhedrons "dice". The laser they ordered isn't really designed for metal marking. It's a hobby laser, better suited for cutting mdf and such. It can mark if you use a coating like TherMark, but it's going to be extremely laborious. Originally, David indicated they were going to have another company mark the dice. I'm not sure when they decided to do it themselves, or why. Delivering blank polyhedrons on a promise of finished dice is sort of like promising Michelangelo's David and delivering a block of marble. Some folks, however, probably wanted to make sure they got something for their money rather than nothing. I realize that no shipping was likely to take place over the holiday weekend, but has there been any indication that the blank dice have shipped? Lawrence, did you also order blank dice (seems to be the case)? I am concerned about this project. I've pledged for almost 200 projects and when the creators say they will do something simple within a week or few days and then do nothing for a long time with no updates it is a big red flag. It also seems they have never made dice out of the kinds of metals they are using. You might think before asking people for thousands of dollars they would know more about what they were doing. I am also very concerned that they say they have blank dice ready to etch but they can't get them to the person who ordered them. @TheTomas The dice going out (allegedly) are blanks. Not much use unless you have a marking laser. I hope this doesn't indicate that only people who are threatening to sue are getting their dice, or any response to communication. I'm considerably more patient that some of the vocal backers, but I'd still like to see some indication of progress, simply because I'm excited to get my dice. I was also told in a communication (a while back) that there were going to be different "finish" options, which would be chosen in a closing survey. Is that still going to happen, or will I have to simply take the dice as they are given? Thanks @Kenneth Ok. David has communicated with me and indicated the same. Let us know when you have them in hand, and please post a pic. Dave called me this morning to tell me he's shipping my dice. I'll update when I have tracking info and further when I have dice in hand. April 16, 2013---That was the last time David Saxey responded to this thread, or to any update. @David and Brian Again, feel free to provide your input on the matter. The people who paid you money are all very curious. @Patrick Take heart. There is a way to get money back. Law enforcement has started taking an interest in Kickstarter cases, especially those where it's pretty obvious that it's just a scam. The advantage, of course, is that, as a victim, you don't have to pay prosecutors. Oftentimes defendants will choose to repay their victims to avoid going to jail. I'm in the middle of putting together a case on a different kickstarter. After that ball gets rolling, we can all get together online and discuss what to do with David Saxey and Brian Kennedy. This is my first and last kickstarter. I don't think we are going to see these dice and there is no way to get any money back or to hold them accountable for any of the failed promises they have made. I've tried sending them messages and aside from posting here there is nothing we can do. It's sad too because kickstarter could have been such a cool idea if there was any accountability at all. Does anybody live close to Eagle, Idaho? @Kenneth David has ignored or deflected every question or request that would have required him to provide concrete information to check on his story. As I stated earlier, I ordered blank dice. Despite repeatedly requesting shipment (since, ostensibly, the dice are cut and tumbled) they haven't shipped. Dave said he would ship two weeks ago. No update since then. No response to various forms of contact. Which is why I'm pretty miffed. I told him this would be a huge boost to his credibility for at least one customer to be able to post pics and verify that there are dice. No luck Thinking more about this, I can pretty much guess how things went. It'd be nice if Brian or David could verify... 1. There was a delay getting the metals. They didn't think it would take so long, but it did. 2. The machining process wasn't as easy as expected. More delay, but they were still hoping to deliver on time and didn't want to arouse suspicion by being seen to already make excuses for lateness. 3. Some of the metals were harder to tumble than others...this is a two-man production line here, nothing fancy, and they seem to only have limited experience with this kind of thing. Delay is acceptable, but they seemed to prefer to hold out hope for maintaining their timeline. 4. Once they were actually ready to order the laser, they hit a month-long (and now confirmed) pre-order time. THey had no choice but to give updates, but all updates are upbeat. Again, they are TRYING to get these things done and shipped. Here's what I think: David and Brian are legitimately making these dice. They are guilty of optimism and then being too shy about providing updates. I think they felt bad that this project was taking longer than they thought it would and didn't want to admit to being as far behind as they are. In retrosepct, July as a shipping date for this project was a gross underestimation. Making this many dice for this many people is time-intensive and they both have day jobs. HOWEVER, none of this excuses the lack of communication. ALL they need to do to regain customer confidence is provide more timely updates. @ David & Brian -- I am prepared to wait for great dice, BUT PLEASE take 10 minutes to provide updates when something meaningful happens. @Jason If it's the latter, it's approaching unfathomable. I took the liberty of contacting Full Spectrum Laser. They do report a backorder status on the hobby level machines (the one pictured in Update 15), but the backorder is 3-4 weeks, not 3-4 months. @David Saxey & Brian Kennedy: Feel free to speak up at any time and fill us in on details. @Lawrence, I'm currently inclined to hope it's just the latter. It's frankly not a very good scam if it is one--besides, of all things, why choose precision metal gaming dice? Anyway, only time (and then more time) will tell! (208) 401-8402 For those that don't have it and may want to get in touch with Dave This is either a scam or the absolutely worst communication and customer service ever found on the interwebs. I had contact with Dave 2 weeks ago asking for my set of blank dice. I'm having them engraved by Q-Workshop (if they ever arrive) He indicated he would ship them on or around the 11. Still no dice. I'm growing exceedingly frustrated with lack of communication, despite the fact that I've been texting his personal number. If he hasn't replied by the end of the day, I'll post it here. Perhaps someone else will have better luck getting his attention. If anyone wants to contact me personally, email is <email> @Nick That's cool, Nick. The other 217 backers would love to see any WIP pics he may have sent you and any progress notes. Um there is a pm function to the creators of a project. You just click on their name from the project page... At least on the iOS app. Every time I have used it for this project he has responded in less than a day. Sent @Lawrence Can you then contact me privately using Jake.bernstein at Gmail.com? I'm interested in talking further with you about your other KS "swindle" experiences. Thanks. Now that the laser is here, I do so hope that we will see dice out of THIS Kickstarter! @Jason There is no PM function on Kickstarter. KS doesn't want backers communicating through back-channels. David sent me a message, and I responded. I explained to him that the lack of communication severely damaged trust. There are conflicting posts (originally, they indicated they were going to have the lasering done by another company) that made this project highly suspect. This KS looked to be like so many others---all promises, no follow-through. An update has been posted, and they have the laser. A friend of mine has a laser cutter from that exact same company. I'll check on the back-order situation. Be that as it may, I expect we should be able to see some finished dice within the next two weeks. Isn't that reasonable? Two weeks to see some finished dice? Not all finished dice---just some? So David and Brian: within the next two weeks, please complete at least one d20 and take a picture of it being held in your hand next to your smiling faces, and please post that picture in an update. You need to rebuild trust, and that's a good way to do it. @Lawrence...that would be hugely disappointing. I've been really excited for these dice. Nonetheless, if you contact law enforcement, please let me know. Is there a PM function on Kickstarter, backer to backer? If not, we should find a different way to discuss this. @Jason No need to apologize. It's become apparent that none of us are getting any dice. This has all the markings of another Kickstarter swindle. I'll be contacting law enforcement when I get back from GenCon. And I apologize for seeming grumpy about it--the dice are SO COOL looking, and it's frustrating to have so few updates. Do let us know when you receive the laser, please! I am willing to be patient with Kickstarters, but something strikes me as rather disingenuous when a *critical piece of the project* was never owned and, in fact, has been mysteriously backordered for months. We provided the money around April 6-8th, 2013. You'd think that you would take some of that money and *buy the laser* which is critical for completion of the dice. What are the odds that the laser has been "backordered" since April? It's POSSIBLE, but I'm growing suspicious. I would prefer my dice, but if I can't get the dice, I want my $60 back. I would have liked to have had these dice for GenCon. I was promised delivery before GenCon. That's not going to happen, obviously. Nope. They offered the explanation that the laser etching machine was backordered, but gave no indication as to what company manufactures it. It's apparently a very popular laser etching machine that's been backordered since April. Any word on the etching? So . . . ya. <url>"Machining is done. Just waiting on the laser, should be here anytime. It was back ordered. Then just lasering the numbers and shipping them off. I called on the laser Friday and they said we should get it next week. I've got my fingers crossed. The dice look amazing so far. David Saxey Sent from my iPhone" Forget about repeat business after this is over... I'd still prefer for the project creator to come on and leave an update, but this will have to do, I guess. Thanks for the update Nick. I was starting to get worried, especially since I'm starting in a new campaign soon. Got some news when I asked yesterday: David Saxey - Brian Kennedy says: Machining is done. Just waiting on the laser, should be here anytime. It was back ordered. Then just lasering the numbers and shipping them off. I called on the laser Friday and they said we should get it next week. I've got my fingers crossed. The dice look amazing so far. David Saxey Sent from my iPhone This is a notoriously slow-updating KS project, so I wouldn't lose all hope yet. I personally don't understand why they don't update it more, but I can imagine they may feel some embarassment at being behind schedule and would rather just avoid having to admit to that. What I hope they realize is that I'm much happier to wait than I am to be ignored and get no updates at all. So, as to our "options" -- I think it's well-established that there aren't any great options for backers who haven't received the product. Technically, they should refund us, but I don't see how that can happen. Personally, it seems to me that the most expensive component of the project was the metal and they already got that, followed by shipping costs. The rest is mostly their labor, I imagine. Anyway, I await an update. If it gets into August without any updates, then we can consider whatever limited options we have. We aren't going to get any dice, are we . . . (sigh) Well, when shall we start discussing our options? I sent Dave an email and messaged him on Facebook. Pretty sure I tracked down his phone number as well, so if I haven't heard back by this evening I'll give him a call. One update should be incoming exactly 6 days from now. Bets they just copied pictures from another campaigns production... 90% last month. Notice how they drag past amazons limited time for dispute Not one peep... How is it looking for a July delivery? Anyone … Can tell us … when could we receive the Dice ? Any update on delivery? The dice look beautiful, I have to say I'm really happy that this project is on track, and I just can't wait until I have a chance to use my d20! I'm bored, so i'm surfing my backed projects on KS....i can haz dice plz? (this is me being bored...you guys showed us progress, so I'm happy to wait, keep up the work fellas) So, what's the word, fellas? Tumbling and engraving going well? If shipping hasn't commenced, could we see what's done so far? Thanks much for all the hard work. <url>" Then we use a rotary tumbler with mulitple polishing media to achieve a high polish that showcases each metal. We want to make the metal the star here! " But tumble polishing is how current plastic molded dice go from uniform sides to uneven surface area. The tumbling process does not allow for even ware on all sides. Sure, the difference will be less pronounced since these dice are made with metal, but the trouble is still the same, this changes the balance of the dice. Also, could you please describe the laser etching process? How are you making sure to remove the same amount of metal from each face to maintain proper balance? lawrence, I did some google, not sure if this good to refer to <url>#chart-exp-projection Hope everything's going alright with the project guys! We're so close to the goal!! They answer a question i had sent them 2 days ago, so they are still around. Gotta wonder at this point how serious this project is. I expected several stretch goals to be reached by this point. WTF? come on guys we have lost two backers in the last 24 hours,!!! we need some updated info not a peep in a week Has anybody heard from David or Brian? come on guys 1174 left! another cool project you all should get in on is the dwarven forge stuff <url>"Tomas, There will be different finishes available. Most likely the finishes will be tumbled, raw, anodized, or sealed. These options will be offered in the survey at the end of the campaign. Please let your friends know about our project, with your help we hope to make these Precision Metal RPG Dice a reality. Thanks, Dave" I was glad to get this response, but I'm still hesitant to up my pledge from a single die to a full set until we see some more information about the progress of the project. We really need some updates here guys. If you were pushing this harder you could have easily doubled your goal, maybe even quadrupled it by now. As you stated, there is large demand for this project, would be nice for some more coverage and info flow from the development team. A few of the people I've shared this with would like to see more examples of the finished full set. Also, I'd like a shot next to standard sized dice for comparison Thanks for keeping up y'all. @Nicolas Has to be an alloy. Question is which. Oh and for the magnesium, is it straight up pure magnesium, or the more durable magnesium/aluminium alloy? I was wondering, for the six sided dice, will they be numbered or pips? I personally prefer pips. And if we want more that one reward do we just add the amount to our pledge to cover the additional reward? I'm very excited about this project, and, while precision is important in a dice, I feel less strongly about it that previous commenters. My interest in the project is mostly due to the incredibly limited availability of gaming dice made from titanium. I submitted a question, but was hoping you could address the finishes the dice might be available in. I recognize that some finishes might reduce the precision of the dice, but It would be nice to have some options. how about some more updates? What is going on with the project? Eagle, ID huh? Guy's want to grab a drink at Grinkers? Talk dice? :D Honestly the ONLY reason i want to back this project is for the "precision" aspect of this... i know that it would take ALLOT of dice rolls to notice a difference in a "precision" die and a standard chessex or game-science die but even if i don't notice it i still want to be sure as a DM i'm rolling as fair as i can. Its an awesome side bonus that i get a set of magnesium dice *an AWESOME BONUS* but i wouldn't use them if i thought they would roll the same or worse than a standard plastic die. i don't know the difficulty's of machining 3d dice but from what i have read the sharp edges/ perfect weight would be KEY. solid metals are far more uniform in their structure than any plastics and im confident that will show in the dice i hope to back. Either way you have my pledge for an amazing looking set dice. Good job guys Precision is the key and I suspect that maintaining accurate geometry will be the hardest part of this. I hope we can see better results than shown here: <url>"#d" notation used to describe the dice throughout the page, such 10d, 20d, etc, is non-standard and not one I've ever seen before; d10, d20, etc is the pretty universal norm. It might be worth adjusting; a few people I've shown the project to have commented on it. 3) I was asked if there are going to be any tests done to ensure proper balance and weighting on the dice. While they are quite lovely at this price point it is important to many players that they offer sound randomness as well. Thanks! I know this is an involved question but could you give me an estimate on how much each die would weigh in each metal? This is actually quite important for both me and my friends as we are picking our metals. Answering will help us pick out our sets from the higher price brackets. Thank you! Well, I'm in for a set with all different metals. Can't have enough metal dice in my collection. I see my first question is answered in the description, they will be solid. Are any of the dice plated rather than all the same material? Any choice in the color of the number etching? These dice look great and I love that you added the Early Pledge Awards for single d20s. Is there any chance that at the higher levels for sets people can add on single dice? For example, I pledged for the 7 dice Titanium set but I'd love to get another d6 (I need two for HeroClix). 7 different dice, 7 different metals; every metal would be represented in the dice set, there's just no certainty of which die will be in which metal. Could you please explain the $120 ALL METALS pledge?