Hey there, Our multiplayer spin-off Giana Sisters: Dream Runners is now available on Steam, PS4 and Xbox One. Read all about it in our blog. Cheers, your BFG Team Hi there! We hope, everyone does fine! Last week, our Publisher Eurovideo sent out a press release with a sample track from Giana Sisters: Dream Runners. The track presented you with a new variation of the well know Giana Sisters main theme. Today we like to give you a new track from Giana Sisters: Dream Runners. As you'd expect, there is a Punk, as well as a Cute version available. It's one of our favorite tracks from the game score. Simply because it's catchy, it's fast and it adds to the fast gameplay on the screen. And we're sharing it first with you! Unfortunately, we cannot embed sound files here. To listen to both tracks, we have to ask you to visit our official blog . What we would like to know from you, is this: Do you like the tracks, too? One more thing, before we let you go. It would mean very much to us if you’d check out the Das Tal kickstarter. Fairytale Distillery is a fellow indie developer from Munich and is working on a really tight budget. They have only seven days left in their campaign and still lack half the amount to reach their goal. Das Tal looks extremely promising and deserves a chance. So if you cannot pledge, please consider sharing their Kickstarter page in your social media channels. Thanks! Dear backers, it's been a while but right in time for x-mas season we are back with some news: Friday 5th of December we will release an update for Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams that will give you a complete new Giana experience. Three levels in local multiplayer mode, Giana Sisters Dream Rush! Challenge your friends or the brutal AI bots to find out who is the most fast and furious. Sounds like ‘Speedrunners’ by Double Dutch Games? Yes, that’s the inspiration and so don’t wonder if you discover Cosmonaut from Speedrunners having his Cameo-appearance. But take a look yourself: DREAM RUSH TRAILER exclusive preview Another news that’s going on for a while: GS:TD will be released on PS4 US/Europe on December 9th/10th followed by XboxOne on December 12th. This will be Director’s Cut HD version including Rise Of The Owlverlord, Helloween- and Xmas-levels, HD graphics, 60 FPS framerate, optimized boss-fights and the possibility to play every world without having finished the ones before. Okay, we know you ;) You want MORE. Here it is: You as a backer who made Giana happen can play the new Dream Rush mode already NOW. Just follow the instructions below. New Dream Rush mode is available on our ‘beta’ branch on Steam. Simply right click on Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams in your Steam library =&gt; Properties =&gt; BETAS (tab) =&gt; CHECK CODE (code: BlackForestGamesFTW) it will sync. 500Mb and that’s it. Launch the game =&gt; pick the Dream Rush mode in the menu =&gt; select Level 1 or Level 3 (but pls. ignore Level 2 for now, it’s work in progress ;-) =&gt; You can play it as a local couch co-op or race against bots. Note, if you get used to Giana’s default controls, you might want to check out Dream Rush controls attached. You will notice that things are slightly different. If you play with the keyboard, make sure you will check the buttons by clicking “SETTINGS” button in the initial Launcher. So much for now. We hope you will enjoy the Dream Rush mode. All the best from Black Forest Games Dear backers, some of you already know a bit of the story how Black Forest Games was founded by former Spellbound people and why we did a Kickstarter for Project Giana. But the whole story never been told so far. David Paris, you all know his voice from the Giana Kickstarter video, wrote a blog, telling about how Spellbound crashed, BFG was founded and Project Giana Kickstarter saved the whole company. CLICK HERE This might give you an idea why we are so deeply grateful that you backed Giana and made it happen. So each one of you is in our hearts as one of the persons who made it possible that BFG lives on. T h a n k y o u The whole Black Forest Games team Hi backers, Kickstarter was founded to bring together independent creative people and idealistic supporters. With that purpose notifying your backers about other interesting projects that can need help became culture on Kickstarter and often is named 'Kicking it forward'. Here is one of these projects: <url>’ve included some new fun for all our Giana players! We’ve been working hard on our new game DieselStormers which is currently on Kickstarter for backing. We are very pleased to release a small DieselStormers-themed teaser level where Giana Sisters run and dash against the gritty backdrop of the DieselStormers world. This new level can be found in the Extras menu of both games: Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams and Rise of the Owlverlord ! What's DieselStormers? DieselStormers is a roaring run 'n' gun for up to 4 friends in co-op multiplayer mode with procedural level generation and a combinatoric weapons system that lets you make your own guns form a huge number of looted parts. The game is set in a medieval metropolis where diesel-powered Knights clashing with the Orcs for control over the city districts. It bellows and clangs with smoke and steel. Lightning arcs across pits of bubbling goop, and jet-assisted assaults tear through the streets for pure awesome carnage! DieselStormers is coming to Steam Early Access this summer. <url>örmers' just went live. LINK Please spread the word, we need your help! Cheers Black Forest Games Dear backers, we just finished a short playable prototype of our next Kickstarter-project we want to share with you. Please find below the downloadlinks and please read the notes below. THIS TEST-AREA IS FAR AWAY FROM THE FINAL GAME OR EVEN THE EARLY ACCESS VERSION we are looking for to get funded with our next Kickstarter. Do you like it? cheers BFG <url>ÖRMERS is a classic run ’n’ gun for 1-4 players packed with diesel-powered Knights, customizable gear, infinite levels and randomized loot! -------------------------------------------------  This prototype shows work in progress and does not always reflect final or even planned features.  While we have implemented keyboard control, for a better gameplay experience we suggest using a game pad (, e.g. Xbox 360 Controller).  Playable up to 4 players in local co-op mode (new players should hit Controller button “A” to join).  Music and audio effects are placeholders.  We have only conducted some basic tests but no full compatibility tests as of now. Please contact us under <email> if you run into any problems.  Make sure you adjust the resolution according to your screen settings (see Dieselstormers_Change_Resolution.jpg in the build folder) Here is a brief overview of the current prototype features and future implementation: ARC CONNECTOR ------------------------------------------------- The Arc Connector is the Glowing Sphere following your character around.  Pressing the left trigger will send the PC flying towards and past the Arc Connector, slamming all enemies on the way.  Enemies between a PC and the Arc Connector get electro-zapped for massive damage. Full game Arc Connector features will include:  Overdrive mode o A huge death beam firing from the Arc Connector  Custom upgrades o Not only Arc Lightning, but also Arc Flame, Arc Goop, Arc Blast and Arc Vortex o Pull that allows you to phase through walls and ceilings or deflect bullets o Pull slams, zaps, burns, goops or levitates enemies it passes through o Stack new properties on top of the group’s weapons: fire, lightning, goop, explosive, gravity, piercing, creeping, erupting, seeking, etc. EQUIPMENT ------------------------------------------------- Picked up in the level in a traditional manner. Only used to showcase some combinations and upgrades (shot types, like goop-shot, cannon-shot, etc.). Full game features:  Weapons o Weapons won’t be picked up like in the demo, but crafted from parts that are randomly obtained as loot drops and mission rewards. o Each part has different properties that can be combined with other parts.  Armor o You’ll be able to outfit your character with different armor parts, just like in an RPG. o Armor isn’t crafted like weapons are, but parts have properties and can be combined, e.g. chest armor that slows enemy projectiles in proximity. o Parameters are where things go crazy – depending on the location of your mission, different dynamic-changing factors can apply when traversing a level, for example a boss in the background raining death from above. ENEMIES ------------------------------------------------- Basic enemies (Ork and Goblins) with some variants. Full game features: ∙ Modular enemies with combinable weapons and special abilities (e.g. heavy shield in front, spawn hazard trail, berserk, etc.) ∙ Large elite enemies with a modular upper/lower body, special abilities and a BFG. ∙ Huge boss enemies with a modular upper/lower body, front and back, special abilities and extra limbs with BFG slots. ENVIRONMENT ------------------------------------------------- No real level design. The demo level is based on a playground area used for prototyping and testing gameplay features and the 3D art dressing pipeline. Full game features:  Modular level assembly according to a layered template system.  Level design of templates, i.e. “micro levels” and governance of assembly rules.  More hazard types that span the “elements” of the game: goop, lightning, explosives and gravitational anomalies.  Interaction between “elements”. E.g. goop can be: o Set ablaze o Conduct electricity o Sucked into a gravitational vortex o Scattered by explosions  Not only pre-spawned hazards, but “element” generation by playable character and NPC attacks.  Heavy interaction with the environment as both a danger and a tool against enemies. MISSIONS ------------------------------------------------- Not covered in the prototype. Full game features planned:  Modular missions assembled from o Primary objective o Optional secondary objective(s) o Optional mission parameter(s)  Primary goals typically involve: o Reaching the end of the level and doing something meaningful there o Defeating a boss o Defending a base  Secondary goals typically involve o Killing or collecting something along the way o Speedrunning o Getting hit as little as possible  Parameters are where things go crazy – depending on the location of your mission, different dynamic-changing factors can apply when traversing a level. Hi backers! Happy Friday! We’ve got some great news for you regarding the much anticipated additional content! An official release date is on its way, but until then we’ve got this little teaser to hold you over, plus some screenshots down below. This additional adventure is free for all you backers who pledged 25$ or more for Giana, but we’ve also included it in a reward pack for Project Ravensdale. Every backer who pledged $15 or more to Project Ravensdale will get the new adventure in Giana Sisters:Twisted Dreams "Rise of the Owlverlord" for free. Plus, you will get EARLY ACCESS to the new adventure, so you can try it out ahead of time! Until next time! The BFG Team Hello everyone! We have some giana updates, and some other updates for you, first we’ll deliver the goods for Giana. 1. Giana WiiU is currently in submission and we expect news very soon! If you don’t remember how the wait for XBLA and PS3 submissions went, we do, and it’s normal. So try and stay calm, the release is on it’s way and when we get news, so will you. 2. Sweet Dreams mode (AKA, casual-yet-still-twisted-mode) is live on Steam, so give er’ an update and get on your way to ass-kicking. Some of you experienced a few bugs after launch but they should be cleared up, and as always if you experience any issues don’t hesitate to contact us at <email>. 3. The DLC is also still on its way, we are still aiming for an end of august release and will make lots of noise at you when we have an official release date. We’ve pinged you about Ravensdale a couple times in the past and we’d like to make sure that you are up to date on what’s going on at the company. Currently, Ravensdale is following a similar trend that Giana did with that Kickstarter, which means it’s slowing down considerably as we reach the mid-way point, and need as much help as possible attracting attention . Though our current backers and community are extremely loyal, it’s important to remember that if the goal isn’t reached, the game won’t be made . Here are a few important updates on the project that may be of interest to you that you can spread around as much as you like. 1. Ravensdale will be ported to Linux. Our linux and mac communities are potentially the most passionate out of the whole group, and we’ve heard you every step of the way, since the beginning of our last Kickstarter campaign. In this Kickstarter update about Ravensdale we cover why we are porting Ravensdale to Linux, and what it means for a Giana port to both Linux and Mac. In the past we haven’t been able to give you much detailed information about when these communities will see ports made for them, but now we can. 2. Mass Effect’s Commander Shepard, Mark Meer, will be voicing “The Captain”, in Ravensdale. His concept art is being worked on currently so that you will be able to see what he looks like, but so far the wonderful Mark Meer is on board to voice not only the commanding officer in Ravensdale but many of the antagonist orcs and goblins as well. There will also be a female voice added to the mix to voice the knights, orcs and goblins of the two X chromosome variety as well down the road. To check out our full interview with Mark and his involvement with Ravensdale, click here. 3. New pledge levels have been added including In Extremo backstage passes Check out our reward chart or head over to the page for more details, and head here for details about the band, but the tiers have become more detailed and will continue to be altered throughout the campaign. Thanks for listening backers, we wish you lots of fun with the latest Giana update and hope you can be as calm as possible waiting for the WiiU release. Project Ravensdale needs as much, if not more help than Giana did a year ago , and we’re reaching out as much as possible in our own communities in order to attract more eyes to the project. The Giana community never seizes to amaze us in its support, keep up the great work! Take care and sweet dreams, BFG Hi backers! At 1 am this morning Project Ravensdale was finally the approval from kickstarter so feel free to take a look and support us! You can get access to our exclusive developer blog if you back us, otherwise you can follow us at projectravensdale.com . Thanks for all your support! Sincerely, The Black Forest Games Team We officially announce the RELEASE of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams on PlayStation3! It's available NOW in the US PSN store and later TODAY in the European PSN store. Next stop is Nintendo WiiU and of course the DLC hopefully this summer, stay tuned for updates! PS Vita? We have no plans for PS Vita yet, we of course would love to have Giana available on every device, but we have to go one step at a time, and next comes WiiU! Hello again! It's been a long time since we've posted an update, because we did not want to update you with anything but valuable information regarding the people still waiting for their replacements. Well guess what? You don't have to wait much longer because the majority have been sent, and we will complete shipping on Wednesday! If your package has been sent, you should have received an e-mail but if not, never fear! You will get one by Wednesday :) Make sure you check your junk mail! We sincerely apologize for the wait, it was as frustrating for us as it has been for you, I can assure you. It was not an option for us to go into our next Kickstarter campaign without taking care of the remaining issues with replacements, and we wish it had gone a lot faster, but a lot of unforeseen circumstances landed on us in the process. We've learned from this experience and hope to do a better job next time around, thanks so much for sticking with us! We really appreciate your patience, and we hope you enjoy your goodies. The details of shipping duration expectations are listed in the e-mail you will receive, but as always, please don't hesitate to send us an e-mail or drop in the Shipping Discussion thread in our forums. We will be celebrating the shipment among many other things during our live show tonight, and as always we hope to see you in the chat! You can visit us at 7pm CET tonight at www.twitch.tv/blackforestgames . Dear backers, get ready for a novel. Shipping update: As some of you already know since you’ve gotten e-mails about your replacements, we are finally starting to send out replacement packages, yay! Now you may ask, "Well geez guys, why is it taking so long?" The reason why is because our budget was incredibly tight after Christmas, and didn’t loosen at all until about February, and since we ran out of the majority of the materials we sent out for the Kickstarter rewards, we had to order more. We couldn’t order more until we had our budget confirmed, and even though we had ordered some replacements, we still had to wait until the majority of them arrived before we could start sending them out. For example, only about 15 of your requested just a replacement pin, mouse pad, or art book, and we had those on hand so we could send them as soon as we were given the go-ahead by our budget-master. But those of you who requested a replacement art book, and a DVD, unfortunately have to wait until the extra DVDs come in before we can send your package. In addition to more goodies being ordered, we are also ordering more shipping materials. This includes more protection for the replacement posters , because there wouldn’t really be a point in sending out a second poster on its own in a box that will probably get flattened in transit. The good news? The materials and placements are ordered, so now we just have to wait for them to arrive, and we can send out the packages. As soon as any materials come in, we look at the replacement list and see who’s replacement requests match all the materials we have at the time, and if they match, we’ll send them right away. We are getting just as tired of waiting as you guys are, (seriously, trust me on that) so if we’ve got all the stuff to send your package, we will, right away, and you will get an e-mail from <email> immediately once your package is sent out so you can know when it is on its way. As always if there are any issues, always e-mail <email> and if for whatever reason you don’t get a reply, it’s because something went wrong, and alternatively you can just send a PM in the forums to BFGEm . Try and keep all concerns and questions out of the Reward Pics thread, and just send them directly to Emily, because that thread is just meant to be a place to post pictures, and you’ll get a faster response if you PM directly. We really appreciate your patience and we so sincerely apologize for the century-long wait you have had to endure, but we hope you understand and we will, as always, keep you updated. Porting and retail release news: After making it to XBLA we took a few moments to celebrate with our company BBQ and live show, but we quickly got back on track and are now fully submerged in the PS3 port. We are still in the submission process with Sony but our release date is aimed for April, once that is finished, we will dive head-first into the Wii U port. If you want more information about the porting process, we made a mini-documentary with some of the team to explain what it's like. Check it out here . The XBLA release has given us a pretty steady wave of new fans, especially in our online communities. Thanks to you guys we are even #2 in the top 10 German XBLA marketplace. Our retail PC version releases today, and is available for order on Amazon, and should be on the shelves any time now in Germany, Switzerland, Russia, France and US. There may be more countries in the future, but that of course is decided by our publisher. Live Show: We were so lucky and excited to have such a great live show, with Machinae Supremacy, The Gentleman Gamer, and 4 times as many viewers, including some members of the press here and there that got to take part in our goofy stream. We had a few raffle winners, lots of new footage and sneak peaks to show, including the new track for the DLC from MaSu. If you'd like to watch the show, go here . The next show will be April 4th, where we will announce the winners of our Fan Art Contest. Missing details on the contest? Click here! Company Stuff: In Germany, Easter weekend means this Friday and Monday will be holidays, same goes for most of the EU but not for the US, who only gets Good Friday in most states. Just a heads up, our office will be closed from 7pm CET tonight to Tuesday morning, when normal office hours will occur. This means that you will get an out of office message when messaging the backer e-mail, but if there is some kind of backer emergency, you can always PM BFGEm on the forums to get an answer, because she has no life and always has time to solve backer problems.(She’s me.) We hope you all have a great Easter Weekend, and that you’ll at least get a few moments of sunshine. Eat lots of chocolate, find lots of eggs, spend time with your families, and we’ll see you all on Tuesday. Cheers, Your BFG Team. Let's Celebrate! We got through Microsoft's submission process and Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams has a final release date! You'll be able to buy it world-wide NEXT WEDNESDAY, March 20th, 2013 on XBOX LIVE ARCADE. The DVD-Edition will follow a week later and PSN in April. So tell us: how cool is that? Just to clarify, the xbox version will not have a boxed version, and will be on XBLA for 1200 MSP. However the PC boxed version is available on Amazon, and can be pre-ordered! Don't forget to celebrate with us the day after release, March 21st at 7pm CET on the BFG Live-Show. Tell us what you think so far of the game on x-box, hang out with the team, win some cool prizes, and join in an interview with the masters behind our metal soundtrack, Machinae Supremacy! More details at www.gianasisterstwisteddreams.com (just scroll past our release date announcement ;)) We know how excited that title makes you! Now times that by ten for how we feel! Before we get down to the details, first we need to update you backers on your replacement shipments! This week we are finally starting to put together your replacement packages and send them out! We are still waiting on some materials to arrive (for anyone who got a note from Emily and Sarah) but we are no longer held back completely, and can get a move on with your replacements. For those of you who's packages were sent back, you are included in this! We are repackaging some of them that were damaged on their way back to us, then we will send them out. Every person who's item gets shipped will receive a confirmation e-mail from <email>, and as always, if you have any issues or questions please e-mail us there. Now for the celebrations! We are celebrating Giana's First ever release on XBLA with two exciting events! On March 21st, 2013 at 7pm CET we will be hosting a very special Live Show in celebration of our first console release! It will be a show packed with fun extras including: Official BFG Merch Raffle: Just join us in the Live Show chat and you are automatically entered! Live Play-Through Sneak Peek at our upcoming DLC PLUS Live Skype Interview with Machinae Supremacy! Please send in your questions for us and for MaSu on FB, Twitter, Google+ or on the forums in our Bi-Weekly Live Show Planning Thread Fan Art Contest We are looking for your BEST Giana Sisters fan art! Send us your most prized creative spin on Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams in a still image for a chance to WIN: Top 10 Submissions: Official BFG T-Shirt Top 3 Submissions: Official BFG T-shirt and Messenger Bag WINNER: BFG T-shirt, Messenger bag, Promotion of your artwork website on our social media outlets AND 1 of 2 printed Canvases of your artwork, signed by the team, the other will hang in our office. TO ENTER Step 1. Simply visit our facebook page by searching Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams or through the direct link at www.facebook.com/ProjectGiana , then select our competition app on the top of the page (next to likes). Step 2. YOUR VOTE determines the top ten! So even if you don't want to submit, head over to the voting gallery and pick your favorites! Step 3. Tune in to our Bi-Weekly Live Show # 10 on April 4th, at 7pm when we will announce the winner! Contest Rules: 1. Submission DEADLINE: April 2nd, 2013 at 2pm CET 2. 1 submission per person 3. All artwork must be 100% original 4. Artwork must not contain nudity/offensive language Help us decide by VOTING for your favorites in the voting gallery! The voting gallery tab will be in the competition app. Voting opens March 31st and ends April 4th at 12pm CET. Click here for more details! The PS3 version is still underway, while we don't have an official release scheduled yet it shouldn't be too much longer after the XBLA release! See you on the 21st! Hey all! Before we get to the contest, just a quick reminder that if you haven't received your reward packages please e-mail us at <email> so we can get you on the replacements list, so you will have a brand-new, completely-suffocated-in-bubble-wrap-package. Again, we are still waiting to be able to send out the packages do to severe budget restrictions and waiting on our replacement materials, but it shouldn't be too much longer now, and of course, as always you will be updated on the progress of your shipment, including a confirmation e-mail when your package has gone out. If you are having trouble getting ahold of us, we apologize, we would never ignore any of our backers and if for some reason you aren't getting a response to an e-mail, there is probably a technical reason, and we encourage you to post on our forums/facebook/twitter to make contact. Some fun stuff! We are always looking for ways to improve the quality of our live show. We love hanging out and talking to you guys live, and the last few discussions have gone really well, so we love to put as much effort as we can into the show despite the restrictions we have. Now that we have a license for the streaming application we are able to improve audio and video quality, and we'll be continuing all this week fiddling with the settings to try and improve it for the best possible viewing experience. One of the ways we want to improve the show is by adding an intro sequence! Since we love all the user created content that we get sent to us by you guys, we've decided to reach out to you to create our new live-show intro! Here is how it goes: We provide you with the animated logo privately via e-mail, then you use it to create an intro sequence with the following requirements: 1. It must be maximum 15 seconds long 2. Try really hard not to make it a supremely Giana-focused 3. No copyrighted music or images (other than our own, that is, which you can get from MaSu's soundcloud) Let us know on our Live Show Planning Thread if you are interested, or if you don't want to be in on our forums then just let us know here in the comments, on facebook, or twitter. When we show the next intro sequence all depends on how many responses we get, we'd love to show it next show, but if we get a lot of responses we may just use the upcoming show as a 'voting' show, where we can show all the contenders and you guys can help us pick. Let's see how it goes, and stay tuned for updates! Have fun with it :) Hey Backers! Just a quick, tiny little update this week :) Steam Update For those of you on Steam there has been a small update made, adding Russian to our languages and setting up the framework for a future alternative costume DLC. As we were testing and testing it suddenly became available to you guys, but this isn’t our latest patch, so don’t worry ;) A big patch is on its way! Live Show We are back again on February 14th for our Live Show. Send us your questions and suggestions for discussion topics any way you can and tune in at 6:30pm CET at twitch.tv/blackforestgames . We’ll be testing out better streaming qualities and hopefully providing a much better viewing experience from then on. Have a great weekend! Sincerely, BFG Hey Backers! A few updates and special announcements were made last night on our Live Show, if you’d rather listen/watch our news section than read it here, feel free to do so: <url>’t arrive for another few weeks, so please bear with us while in the meantime we organize all of your information in a way that you will get your goodies, and they will be safe and arrive to you all in one piece. New Platforms for Giana Not only are we happy to announce that GS:TD is now available on Amazon and Origin, but also that we are working hard on getting the sisters on the Playstation Network. Alongside our XBLA release which is confirmed, we are in the middle of our submission to Sony and hope to have a solid release date within the coming weeks, so you can all mark your calendars and count down the days. ;) You can all expect Giana to be available on XBLA, PSN, as well as a physical PC release by this Summer. The DemoNews GOTY Award Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams has won best puzzle and jump n’ run from the Demo News GOTY award 2012! We are super excited about it! SteelSeries Raffle The SteelSeries raffle is still going strong on facebook! Head over to Facebook.com/SteelSeries to enter! Just click on the raffle image, like the page, enter your email address, and you’re golden. That’s all for now folks, of course as always, and questions, comments or issues, let us know at <email> Hi Backers! It's been pretty busy in the office this week, (but then again, when are we not running around on fire over here?) with lots of things that are top-secret, but a couple things are happening that involve all of you 100%, which we can update you on. Replacements of Lost/Damaged/Mistaken Rewards and missing DVDs Most of you have recieved your rewards and are doing an excellent job letting us know when you get them and what the condition of the contents are. It doesn't matter how damaged the item is, if you want a replacement, we will give it to you, and the same goes for those of you with the wrong type reward, poster, wrong shirt size/color, doesn't matter. You most definitely are not bothering us by letting us know you'd like a replacement. All of these replacements including the DVD's that still need to be sent to those of you who received a little note from Sarah and Emily, will be sent at the same, when all of our replacement materials arrive. It could take up to 2 weeks for our orders to come in, and once we do we will package everything up ASAP and get them out to you guys. We will let you all know they have been sent right away. If your package has not yet arrived Never fear, what we've learned with this mass-shipment is that the post can be very unpredictable. A few things could have happened to your package: 1. It was sent back to us after failed delivery or error with the address 2. It is still on it's way 3. it was lost in the mail It is most likely still on it's wait to you, but if it happens to be one of the other options, don't worry, it just means that we will consider it lost, and send you a new package. If your package has not arrived after 4 weeks from it's shipping date if you are inside Europe, or 8 weeks if you are outside Europe, please let us know and we'll send you a replacement. :) If you are confused or curious about anything else regarding shipments, you can refer to our Master FAQ , which also includes the shipping dates for each tier. Otherwise, just shoot us an email at <email>. The BFG Live Show That's right folks, we're back, with a new plan and a brand new location to host our streams. We will be moving from livestream to twitch.tv, and uploading all of our videos to our Youtube Channel. We have uploaded all our shows from last year onto a playlist on youtube, and will be continuing the trend in 2013. For more info, check out our Live Show Announcement Video! Hey there backers! We hope you had an awesome holiday season, with lots of friends, family, and food to keep you happy and busy for the last few weeks! Digital Art Book We are officially back in business, and to kick off our new year we're happy to let those of you know who were waiting for the digital artbook to arrive know, that is now available. Please go here: <url>’d really appreciate it if you dropped us a pic here: <url>– the french power house ISP who offers it on their games channel. <url>– the Germany based download shop offers a wide variety of Ggmes from gamers to gamers. Also they offer Giana DRM-free on <url>’t played Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams yet. Help us spread the word that our great game is part of the Steam and GOG.com Holiday Sales with 40% off! GOG: <url>’s been a crazy whirlwind for us, and we couldn't have succeeded without you. From a half-finished game to a successful Kickstarter and a German Developer Award, we really can’t express how happy we are to have such an amazing community behind us. Everyone here at BFG wishes you a happy holiday season, please be safe, have fun, and we’ll see you next year! Hello again all! We are now in the process of organizing and packaging the rewards while we await the delivery of one more shipment. This includes the daunting task of organizing and printing all of your shipping addresses and making sure every package has the appropriate contents, so we've built sort of a BFG assembly-line if you will, to finish the job ;) If you've received an e-mail from us requesting your shipping info, please get back to us ASAP because shipments are going out next week! Christmas Demo Once all of our lovely backers got their copy of the Christmas demo, we then spread it across our various social networks, and we want you to do the same. This level is our gift, to you, so please share it with friends, family, and whoever else you think might enjoy The Sisters. Additionally, we are including a link to the custom soundtrack to the Christmas level, also for you to share. Happy Holidays! Demo <url>… We're happy to announce our new partnership with German publisher bitComposer ( <url>"Best Action Game 2012", "Best Graphics 2012", "Best Sound 2012", "Best Game Design 2012" and "Best Youth Game 2012". On top of that , Black Forest Games has been nominated as "Best Developer 2012". Considering that we founded our studio in Summer 2012, this is a pretty big honor for us. Whether we win or not, we are proud to have been nominated. The award ceremony will take place on December, 12th 2012. Live Show Once again we’re back with our weekly live show where Schmitty answers questions from you, and we update you with the latest news about BFG, as well as interview another BFG member. If you have any questions for us, ask them in the Chat, send us a message on FB, twitter, on the forums, or directly at <email>. The show is hosted online, thursday December 13th, at 7pm CET. Our latest reward shipment We received new physical rewards this week! We are only waiting on a couple more that will arrive be early next week, then they’re off to you! Hey there, we promised to keep you updated whenever parts of your physical rewards arrive at the BFG headquarter. And here we go! Some of you are waiting for new gamepads. Have a first glance at them :) Beside the gamepad pictures we have a small video for you that gives you a little hint on what we also did in the last few weeks, we are almost finished with it. Enjoy! We'll keep you updated as soon as more stuff arrives! Your BFG team Hi Backers! All of you will be seeing an error with the link, we see it too! We are fixing it right now, we apologize for the inconvenience, there was just a small error made when we sent it out. We are aware of your issues and are fixing it ASAP, you will receive a new message shortly! :) Kind Regards, The BFG Team Dear backers, We like to inform you that we just uploaded Patch 1.0.2 with the following changes: Gameplay The dash has been reworked to be safer to use. It now gets extended if you are still hurtling towards an enemy at high speed. More checkpoints and level tweaks, mostly in world 3. Getting hit while shielded and twirling now allows you to do a new dash or twirl, just as if you had defeated an enemy. Lowered the number of stars required to unlock a boss level from an average of 3 stars per level to 2.5 stars per level. Each world now has stars of a different color to communicate that stars don’t carry over from world to world. Bug Fixes Jumping on enemies’ heads no longer has a slim chance of killing you unfairly and now is 100% safe. The dash behaviour now is consistent across all framerates. Bumpers trigger more reliably now. Giana can no longer be pushed sideways into a moving box. Fixed an issue where the gum bubble could automatically burst after a few seconds. Rabbit projectiles now properly hit Giana if both are standing at the same height. Giana no longer falls through trampolines if she is twirling. Level 3-10 now has and counts the proper amount of master gems. Giana now loses her shield on respawn if she gets crushed by a gate. Fixed a graphical glitch with the Piercing Eye enemy. Fixed minor interface/display issues. Fixed minor SFX issues. Your Steam version has already been patched automatically. We also sent out a notice which includes Download-Links for the backer versions of the game. Kind regards, Your BFG Team Dear backers, working with you has been a great story of success so far. We got kickstarted ! We got greenlit ! We got great reviews all over the world, and a metascore of 81 ! And all this thanks to your support! Now we are working hard to spread the word about Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams , and you can still support us! Did you know that you can recommend games to your friends on Steam? So - if you like Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams and have the feeling that your friends should know about it - do us a favour and recommend it to your Steam friends. This would be a great support for us! Or come to our Facebook page and like us :) Thank you very much for your support BFG Dear backers, for those of you who pledged $25 and up, you have received a message via Kickstarter containing a link to retrieve your new, remastered soundtrack . The first one has been put together in a mad rush, but now, we had the time to updated the following: 1. A play order 2. Fade-outs and tags 3. A higher bitrate for the MP3 version 4. Improvements to the FLAC version 5. Separate download links for the FLAC, and MP3 version We hope your ears enjoy it :) Rewards Shipping Date All of you are wondering, when will I get my rewards? We apologize sincerely for not being able to give you a clear answer, it’s important to us to keep everyone as up to date as possible, but in the last few weeks, we haven’t been entirely clear on the subject in-house either. We overestimated how smoothly the ordering and shipping process will go, and our Kickstarter estimate is inaccurate, since, it’s now November and obviously no one has received any packages from us. But don’t worry, we are now able to clearly state that your physical rewards will be delivered to you in time for Christmas . We decided that we wanted to wait until all of our orders come in, before we ship anything, so that all of the rewards are shipped out together, and so that instead of receiving one goodie every few weeks, you all receive one big package with all of your goodies inside. We will keep you all updated as our orders come in, and provide photos whenever an order comes in to the company. It will be like Christmas for us at least once a week. We will also provide the backers and the rest of the community with photos and updates of us putting the packages together, because we want you to be fully aware of how the shipping process is going. We are sorry for the lack of clarity, but we hope that this information finds you well, and that you are all now 100 times more excited for Christmas! Weekly Live Show If you want to get further information, don't forget our weekly live show , toworrow ( 11/08/2012 ), 1 pm (ETA) / 7 pm (CET) . You shouldn't miss this one as Schmitty will show you how to beat the kraken! Sincerely, BFG Dear backers, it's Halloween , today, and we have something special for you: Our designers reworked the Enchanted Mountain Path level of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams matching to the occasion. Experience new challenges and a ghost invasion in an exclusive night setting surrounded by spooky pumpkins. Along with the Halloween special comes Patch 1.0.1 with the following changes Gameplay More code optimizations for smoother frame rates. Removed and/or altered final boss attacks that could trap you or catch you by surprise. Shield gem now spawns after phase 2 instead of after phase 1. More checkpoints! Miscellaneous level tweaks. Trampolines now have more lenient timing. Audio Updated music and sound effects. Bug Fixes Alt-tabbing should no longer cause any issues. Dashing into an enemy and rebounding into another should no longer get you killed except in some rare cases. Missing screen resolutions for certain refresh rates have been fixed. Game no longer crashes if you have no sound card or deactivate it. The idle animation can now also be canceled with a crouch as intended. Jumping on owls in Score Attack now gives you points as it should. Dashing at turtles should now be easier. Bricks now always shatter if you dash through them. Some erroneous EN text in non-EN languages has been fixed. Miscellaneous small fixes to the launcher. We'll send out mails to you, this evening (CET), with the download link. For those of you who can't wait and use the Steam version of the game: It's already available there. GOG.com and GamersGate will follow this evening, too. If you don't get your mail, please check your spam folder and mail to <email> if you don't find it there. Many people asked us: Why can't I use the alternate costumes in the Steam version of the game? And we want to answer this question to everybody. When we introduced the alternate costumes as a reward, we thought we would only have a DRM-free version for our backers. The Steam key came later and has been just a cherry on top of the cake. If we would include the costumes into the main steam version, it would contain a key-inside-the-key activation, that might look unfair for the regular steam users. They’ve bought the game, but there is something yet to be unlocked and no way to obtain the key anymore. There seems to be no easy way to store two different copies of the game on Steam: one for the backers, one for regular Steam users. So we can't go this road. Another option would be to release a DLC with the costumes and give free keys to our backers, but then the costumes won't be exclusive anymore ... The only option we see at the moment is keeping the alternate costumes on the DRM-free version of the game. Enjoy our Halloween special and Halloween itself! Your BFG Team At 7pm CET, 10am PST, and 1pm EDT , we are hosting our weekly live show! Don't miss it! We are going to answer questions to our most common issues concerning the game, your download link, Kickstarter issues and general support questions, along with any more you have to throw at us. Pop in the chat and ask away, Schmitty, Emily, and Vladimir will be hosting. See you then :) Livestream link <url>’ll start a live show in which the team of Black Forest Games celebrates the release of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams (around 7 pm EDT / 1 am MEST). Come and join us here ! Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams After Launch Live Show On Friday, the 26th October 2012, as usual at 1 pm EDT / 7 pm MEST we go live with our last Giana Sisters: Twised Dreams Weekly Live Show . New Screenshots As every week, we go on publishing a screenshot every day. You can find all our Daily Screenshots here . Monster Compendium Update And – last, but not least – our Monster Compendium will be updated. Have you already discovered it? It’s here . Have a nice week, enjoy our shows and of course: the complete game we are able to deliver soon due to your support. Thank you very much BFG Team Hello backers and fans! Yes, yes, yes we were very busy during the last days and we guess you know why: Release Date The release of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is drawing closer and closer and we are pretty excited about that: October 23rd, 2012 is the day of the re-birth of the Giana Sisters. You made this happen, dear backers, so it is your baby, too. Celebrate this with us! We also sent out many, many review versions for the press, blogs, gaming sites and so on, so expect to see some interesting articles during the next days and weeks. Pre-Order! You don’t have to worry about ordering the game, you all already did so by backing this wonderful project. But if you have friends and family who are eager to snag a copy of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams please direct them to the following sites: GOG ( <url>“Thank you”, because here’s another success we’re pretty proud of. Steam greenlighted us and that means Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams will be available on this important portal, amazing! We don’t know exactly when Steam will provide the download, but it is going to happen soon. Weekly Live Show Don’t miss our last show before we release the game next week. Your last chance to send in questions (<email>) to be answered during the show. Schmitty, Vladimir, Sarah and a special guest will be on the show. Don’t miss it! October 19th, 7pm CEST. Here's the link: <url>… Enjoy the daily screenshot in our forum: <url>’s it for this update. We can only express again how thankful we are for your strong support and overall encouragement. This Kickstarter campaign was one of the best experiences in all our gaming life. See us tonight on the Show and have a great weekend, Your BFG-Team Hello backers, fans and friends! Any new week should start with new information, right? OK, let’s see what we have in our quiver: The Weekly Live Show The first show happened last Friday and we are pretty content with our debut. Yes, we encountered some technical difficulties in the beginning, but we are eager to learn and do better next time. Speaking of the show … don’t forget to send us questions and comments or whatever you have in mind for the next show. You can be pretty sure that you can see a reaction from our side to your message. Send everything to: <email>. The next Weekly Live Show will be broadcasted on Friday, 5th of October, at 7pm CEST. Don’t miss it! The Making Of We are currently working on the “Making Of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams”. And since you, dear backers, made this game happen we would like to make you a special offer. Send us a video or photo of yourself and answer the question: “Why did you decide to back the game?” Just a short comment from your side, like 10 seconds, and the chances are good that you will be in the Making Of. How’s that? Great, isn’t it? Just send your file to <email> and the video/photo will be stored. Send your mail until 11th of October 2012. Don’t forget to add your name and where you are from, because this will be a subtitle in every photo/video that will make it into the final Making Of. We are looking forward to the stuff you’ll send us! The Monster Compendium During her dream Giana has to face several nasty monsters and nightmarish foes. We present all the bad guys in our online Monster Compendium . Included are also a few hints how the monsters can be defeated. That is some really useful information and we also show the pictures of these guys. Make sure to check it out and we plan to add new stuff every week. Do you want to leave a comment about a monster? Feel free to do so in our forum. Screenshot Of The Day We still follow Giana on her way through her dream. Every day we show a new picture and you can see a little bit of the world where Giana has to survive. Don’t worry we are not going to spoil the fun for you. Just get a little glimpse of the rich looks of the game. Today you can see the new artwork and a screenshot here . Teaser Trailer We don’t believe that there is anyone out there who missed the latest Trailer of Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams, but we would like to be sure. Just surf over here and have a look. Thank you all for the great comments on that trailer. We are happy you like it. OK, that was it for today, we have a busy and excited week ahead of us. We will let you know how it was on the Weekly Live Show. Oh, and don’t forget, the 3rd of October is a public holiday here in Germany. So, do not wonder if it is a little bit quieter from our side on Wednesday. Your BFG-Team We have a teaser with new content for you! You may want to turn up the sound... <url>“central station” where all the fans and backers can meet and exchange opinions and comments. Every workday we will release a new artwork or screenshot . You can find the first ones here and here . On Friday, 28.09.2012 at 7pm , we will have our first “ Weekly Live Show ”. Yes, right out of the office of Black Forest Games. We will bring you the latest news about Project Giana . Our Devs will tell you what is happening at BFG, we will show you some of our progress, answer your questions, read your comments – you can see your money at work. Some of you may find the time for the show a little bit inconvenient. Don’t worry! The show will be available as a stream and download for the whole next week. So you can sit back, relax and watch the show whenever you feel like it. You may ask now how you could get your questions answered if you can’t see the show live!? Hey, that’s easy. Send your questions or comments to <email> and there’s a chance that we will read the question and answer it. We cannot answer every mail in the show, but there’s a chance that it is yours! Don’t forget to put your name in the mail if you want us to thank you by name. So – just flood us with questions, comments, jokes and whatever else you might come up with. We are happy about every feedback. It is an exciting experiment for us as it is for you! Please click here to get to our weekly live show. Enjoy the screenshots and our show! And we are signing out for the night. At the end of this post is a little something from all of us... We can't tell you how much your support, your enthusiasm and your encouragement mean to us and how much we appreciate that you stuck with us through this crazy month. More importantly, that you helped us reach our goal! From everyone here at Black Forest Games, thank you so much and we will be back! THANK YOU! Because there are still questions, and there is still some time left, here is a short FAQ video explaining a few of the most commonly asked questions (also answering them :) ). Find the video here . We also provide this little link to what we hope will be a nice little gathering of us and our community. The stream isn't live yet, but it will be in roughly one hour. Livestream, here . Hope to see you there! ...is? Well, we've promised you you'd have input over the final name of the game. So we have gathered our ideas, with your input in mind and came up with the following three candidates. Now it's up to you to decide! 1) Twisted Dreams 2) Giana's Twisted Dream 3) Project Giana You will be able to vote for these on our forums, here . We will leave the votes open till the end of our Livestreaming event tonight and announce the final name of the game then! As a note, Giana Sisters is the brand name, and that will stick with the title, regardless of which one is chosen. After all, this IS a Giana Sisters game. ;) Another update for today! Whooohoooo! Project Giana is now on Steam’s Greenlight process. This means you, our community, can head on over there and show your love for the game. Remember, once our game makes it onto Steam, backers will be eligible for a Steam key for the game. So no worries, if you already backed us here, you won’t have to spend extra money to get the game into your Steam library. This does not mean you are exchanging your DRM-free copy for a Steam key. You will still get your DRM-free copy from us (or partner distributors). Steam is also not the only platform the game will be available on. Other DRM-free digital distributors will carry the game once it is released. Head on over here . Spread Giana’s love! Well, as Adrian already pointed out in the comments (Spotlight stealer! ;) ), we are happy to announce the following: Of course there will be future content for Giana once it is released. We want to bring you all the things we have planned and more! And as an exclusive thank-you to the backers who supported us with so much enthusiasm, we are promising all backers who have pledged at 25$ and above ALL future PC content for Giana at NO additional cost! This is not an additional Tier, or an additional pledge or anything of the likes. Anyone who pledges at 25$ and above by the end of the campaign (or has already pledged at 25$ or higher) will receive this special gift. In addition, the first PC content pack for Giana will be free of charge for everyone! And we have more news incoming! So stay tuned and thank you again for all the love and support! Edit: To clarify again. Even if your reward tier says it is exclusive (90$, 40$ etc), this still applies. Anyone who has pledged more than 25$ is getting this perk. Just so there is no confusion with the exclusive tiers. :) THANKS to every single one of you! It's been a crazy ride these last 4 weeks! We tried to answer all questions, tried to be there for you all and through your help and your enthusiasm we managed to make this work! We grew a great community and we want to continue doing that as we go from here! So, yes, we reached the goal, but no, it's not over! So what’s next? We are splitting our stretched goal as we’ve been asked for by you, our great backers: If we go $50,000 beyond our initial goal and hit $200,000 we will add a hardcore mode to the basic version of the game and increase the level count from the basic sixteen levels to the full twenty ! This leaves the pirate/ninja owlverlord , two new enemies (from a potential pool of four) and the geysir for our original stretch goal of $250,000. We are also announcing that from now on out, you can use PayPal for pledges! For more information about this, head on over here . Again, THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Edit: Ahem, due to some overjoyed people, we overlooked a slight mistake in the picture. It will be updated ASAP! Sorry about that. ^_^ Welcome to our third and final dev diary! As a crowning conclusion, we’ll be following the creation of the owl enemy art asset, from design to placement in the game. <url>’re also unlocking our last dev diary about level design for non-backers. It can be found here . ADDENDUM: We’ve been getting a lot of suggestions to contact specific sites and/or bloggers – rest assured, we’ve been doing exactly that for the past few weeks. Some of your suggestions were people who had slipped past our radar, and we’ve followed up on all the sites and contacts you’ve mentioned; thanks again for the great input! With the release of the preview levels, our press coverage has picked up considerably, which should give us a nice boost for the final stretch! We’re heading into the final week of our Kickstarter campaign, and are close to hitting our goal! Thank you so much for your support – not only the financial backing our backers have provided, but for your precious, precious feedback, tips and word-spreading! The Past Your response to our two preview levels has been overwhelmingly positive. Seeing our work get that much appreciation gave us a huge morale boost; we know we’re on the right track now! We’re grateful for the patience and understanding you’ve shown about the bugs still present in this early version, some of which were even still unknown to our testing team. Who knows – some of those might have snuck into the release version if it weren’t for you! Special thanks to all who submitted their playthrough data for the preview levels! That data will help us a lot with improving the quality of the levels, even beyond the two you’ve played. The Present For this week, we’ll be introducing a new reward tier. Backers who pledge $35 or more will receive a nifty little program that allows you to import any picture from your PC to your copy of the game. The images of your choice will replace the paintings in the background of all indoor castle levels. Like with the $15 tier, this digital reward will be added to the reward pile even for exclusive tiers that don’t mention previous reward tiers (we can’t update the text – sorry). We also learned that many backers would like to obtain an additional copy of the game for their friends and family. In response to that, we’d like to offer you the option to upgrade your pledge tier. These upgrades won't be listed in the pledge reward tiers, but we'll add them to our FAQ. If you add $10 on top of your pledge, we’ll provide you with an additional gift version of the digital download with a special splash screen announcing your generosity. If you add $20 on top of your pledge, we’ll add a DVD of the game to your rewards (in a properly illustrated case, of course), with free shipping worldwide. (This only applies to non-digital tiers, i.e. ones that involve shipping.) If you already have pledged that much higher than your selected reward tier, we'll of course provide you with an extra copy of the game as well. The Future We’ll be releasing our third and final dev diary soon. As this is our last week, it will be available to the public from the get-go. This update will focus on our art team and demonstrate the steps required to create an enemy and put it into the game. Unlike the the previous dev diaries, this update will be a video. We have added a patch for Windows XP users to our download list . If you couldn't play the preview levels before because of this issue, go grab it now! UPDATE: This patch also fixes several other compatibility issues, so if the game crashes on you, you may want to try it out even if you aren't running XP! Grab them on our Project Giana site ! What? You’re still here? Why? Oh, right – here are a few tips : The first of the two levels is from the early game and will ease you into the controls. The second one is from the late middle game and should provide a decent challenge. If you’re a fan of Chris or MaSu, but not both, you can adjust the soundtrack in the options menu. Use a gamepad if you can. The game will play a lot more fluidly. This: We’re using an Xbox controller as a reference here, but any XInput-compatible controller will work. You’re still reading this? OK, here are some disclaimers : THE GAME DOESN'T RUN ON WIN XP YET! We're very sorry - you'll need Vista or Win7 to run the demo... The preview levels are pre-beta and haven’t been tested for compatibility yet. You might experience technical difficulties. If you do, please leave a post in the bug report section of our forums . DX9 support is still shaky. If you can, we recommend running the game on DX10 or DX11. Performance hasn’t been fully optimized yet. You may experience some slowdown on some machines. The music is still a work in progress. Especially the transitions will have been improved significantly in the final version. And known issues : Installation &amp; Launcher Issues: It can happen that the installer takes quite a while to finish the installation. Normally this happens during the DirectX Installation. We didn’t experience a case where it totally crashed – it just took quite a while (e.g., on a pretty old machine under Vista it took almost 30 mins). If you use the “Send” Button after finishing the game to help us with your playthrough data, and then close the launcher, it might take a few seconds before you can start the launcher again (that’s the time in which the launcher is actually still running and sending us the data). If it still doesn’t work after several seconds, it might be that you'll have to end the process manually with your task manager. DirectX 9 Issues: If you are using DirectX9, you'll have to make sure that the game settings for your screen resolution and ratio match the actual resolution of your monitor. Otherwise you'll get an error message for your configuration on startup. If you are using a second screen, the game may launch on that. It occasionally happens that some graphics card under DirectX9 have problems with our graphics. If you get weird white flickering – that’s not a graphic feature. Sadly, it’s a bug. Haunted Swamp Issues: It's possible to cause moving platforms at the end of the level to be out of sync. This shouldn't affect your playthrough. There is one point in the level where you can jump into a tree and get stuck. However, you can simply jump out of it again (just jump, don’t dash). Tomorrow’s a big day – we’ll have two Giana levels ready for you to play! To tide you over till then, we’re introducing new rewards today, with special attention to the lower middle tiers. The best part is that all of those rewards are inclusive. This means that you get all rewards from lower non-exclusive tiers as normal, and if you already have backed at a higher tier, you’ll get the new reward(s) on top for free! First is a digital reward. Pledge $15 or more and you’ll get three backer-exclusive alternate costumes for your copy of the game: Backer Giana in Kickstarter/BFGames colors, Angel/Devil Giana and Retro/Metal Giana to complement the soundtrack! The next new reward is a mousepad with the Pikomi artwork on it (Yes, that artwork!) on top of the previous tier rewards. As a physical reward, it slots in at $60, providing a non-exclusive alternative to the Jewel Edition tier. We’re also bringing you new T-shirts! Pledge $80 or more, and you’ll receive a simple and elegant version of our backer shirts in one of the three gem colors! (Your choice.) Like the others, this reward comes on top of rewards from previous tiers, and is included in later tiers. The final non-exclusive reward is a set of Giana figurines featuring Cute Giana, Punk Giana and a defeated owl. It’s approximately ten centimeters tall (roughly four inches), crafted from resin. These figurines are situated in a higher middle tier and are yours at a pledge level of $300 or more. Physical Reward Previews Note: The depictions are as close to final as can be, but some variations will be unavoidable. Here is a close-up of the basic backer shirts, the soundtrack CDs (around a dozen tracks in total), the backer pin and the new mousepad (mouse not included). This close-up features the poster (not signed yet), the hardcover art book, the digipack containing the game DVD and soundtrack, the front and back faces of the USB drive (memorama card) and the front and back faces of the higher-tier backer T-shirt! Here we have the Pillowls, the Pikomi canvas, the concept art canvas print and the Giana figurine. The Pillowls depicted here are based on our prototype and will be tweaked by a tailor. The figurines may take three to six months longer to ship than the other rewards. In case of a delay, they will be shipped separately. As they haven’t been crafted yet, the model in the preview is a reference. The actual figurine will be slightly simpler and won’t have individual strands of hair sticking out, for example. Today was a big day at Black Forest Games – we had some of our backers coming over for a visit! Apart from getting a complete tour of the studio and talking to the entire team, they got to experience the level featured in our gameplay video first-hand, and as a bonus, the work-in-progress version of a public demo level as well. We don’t want you to miss out, so we’ll release some footage of the event soon. For today, we’ve made a video for you where we hunt down each and every team member for some screen time! <url>’ll see will be very close to the final look, barring some minor changes. Among the new rewards will be a mousepad with the Pikomi canvas illustration on it, simpler T-shirts on a more affordable tier, Giana figurines and more! The poll results are in! Poster design #1 comes out ahead with 54% of the voices . This is the poster you will be seeing in your mail as a backer reward: For the canvas design, #3 proved to be the most popular with 56% of the voices . This will be the motif for the canvas reward: Thanks for voting! On a related note, we have received a lot of questions about Pikomi’s Giana artwork featured in the reward mockup. While those large canvases are expensive and reserved for the $5000 tier, the picture itself might be available at a lower tier for mousepads! We’re still pursuing the issue, and will keep you informed. Welcome to our first poll! This week, we’re presenting you with three candidates each for the poster and canvas print rewards. To vote, please follow this link to our forums (we apologize for the inconvenience of registering; this keeps the votes more honest). The polls will be closed and the results announced on Friday, August 17 around 17:30 CEST. Here is a preview of the three poster candidates: Here for the canvas prints: On an unrelated note, we’ll be releasing our next dev diary, which covers level design, on Wednesday, August 15. This update will be backer-exclusive. In parallel, the previous dev diary will be made available to the general public. The public demo levels we promised you for this month will be available on the 24th in two weeks! The package consists of two levels – one from the beginning of the game that introduces dashing, twirling and twisting the dream, and an advanced level from the final third of the game to provide you with new features and a meatier challenge. Please note that these levels are from a pre-beta build and haven’t been tested on a large scale yet. Some of you may experience technical difficulties. PS: Keyboard controls are supported, but we recommend playing with a gamepad. :) As announced in the last update, here are the new reward tiers. We’ve decided to introduce a lower-tier physical edition in addition to the physical collector’s edition we originally envisioned, bringing the number of new tiers up to four. DIGITAL PACK – The new $40 tier offers a package consisting of a DRM-free copy of the game, a digital version of the soundtrack, a digital version of the artbook and the early level sneak peek. This new tier isn’t included in later tiers and doesn’t contain previous tiers. JEWEL EDITION – The new $60 tier gives you a jewel case containing the game, the soundtrack and the art book on DVD, plus a backer pin in addition to the contents of the DIGITAL PACK (with free shipping worldwide as normal). Like the digital pack, this tier isn’t included in later tiers and doesn’t contain previous tiers. GAMER PACK – The new $90 tier comes with a special, limited reward: The awesome guys at Logitech provided us with twenty wireless F710 gamepads ! One of these gamepads is yours for the taking, in addition to all the rewards listed in the JEWEL EDITION. Like the previous new tiers, this new tier isn’t included in later tiers and doesn’t contain previous tiers. COLLECTOR’S EDITION – This new $150 tier offers a backer-exclusive DVD Digipack of Project Giana in addition to all the rewards from previous tiers as normal. We are also adding two new physical rewards: a custom Giana USB drive containing all the digital rewards from previous tiers and bonus goodies, plus a Making of Project Giana DVD (with free shipping worldwide as normal.) Unlike the other new tiers, this tier is part of the normal reward tier structure and will be included in all higher tiers! EDIT:We have added a $99 tier to "patch in" a physical version of the game to the $100 tier (the $99 tier reward is included in the $100 tier). Greetings! The second week of our Kickstarter campaign has begun, and we bring you the following news: Blogger Day at Black Forest Games Much of the coverage we received has been by very enthusiastic and awesome fans, who have made it a point to report on our progress from day one. To provide a more insightful look on how our game is made, we would like to invite a number of our fans to our studio in Offenburg! Both bloggers and backers will get a chance to see our sleep-deprived dev team up-close and personal, have a go at the game itself and chat with the whole team over a delicious BBQ! If you are a backer and feel like paying us a visit, head on over to our forums at: www.project-giana.com/forum and register. Within the next few days, we will open a thread where you can apply for one of the open spots. Since we can’t have you all attending at the same time, we hope you understand that we are limiting this event and picking people on a first-come-first-served basis. There will be an additional open house at a later point for backers, so if you don’t make it this time, don’t fret! We have you covered! We are all looking forward to meeting you! Music Say hello to Fabian Del Priore! Fabian has composed the music for Giana Sisters DS and has closely worked together with Chris Hülsbeck on Project Giana. He’s currently polishing the soundtrack and working on the transitions. Machinae Supremacy is currently recording new tracks to mirror Chris Hülsbeck’s material, and is also working on the mix for existing tracks. New Reward Tiers: We are going to introduce three new reward tiers: An all digital tier, a special donation by Logitech and a physical copy of the game. More details tomorrow! Until now you have only seen bits and pieces from Project Giana. Sure, we posted some of the artworks, a video that allowed a sneak peek into the game and lots of screenshots. But it didn’t show you the game in action. That’s why we played through the first finished level and filmed it so you can check out the gameplay, the music and the transformations for yourselves. Have fun – and tell us what you think about it. <url>’ Technical Art Director Eric, who will tell you about the creation of the art of Project Giana. First of all: our heartfelt thanks to everybody for your support and enthusiastic comments – we’re more pumped than ever, and Giana’s progressing in leaps and bounds! We’ve received a lot of requests about an OUYA port. We’re very interested in that console, and our programmers pored over the data to see whether a port fits our know-how and tech. As you can guess, the answer is a resounding “YES!” We’ve contacted the OUYA team, and will keep you updated on further developments. What does this mean for Project Giana? According to our estimates, a port would cost us roughly over $50,000, so we’re introducing a new stretch goal of $300,000. If that goal is met, an OUYA version will be released in the first half of 2013! If possible, this version will be available to our backers for free, just like the PC version; we still need to check the details with the OUYA team. We’re going to try our darndest to provide you with free copies for other ports as well, but this is largely dependent on the distributor. We currently can only guarantee the PC version, but will keep you informed on the progress of our negotiations. EDIT - To clear up some confusion: We're not adding $150,000 to the goal for the port. We already have a stretch goal of $250,000 for the full version of the game, and would require $50,000 on top of that for an OUYA port. Here are our current goals: A total backing of $150,000: The minimum we need for the basic version of the game. A total backing of $250,000: The stretch goal for the full game as we envision it to be (please scroll down the main project page for details). A total backing of $300,000: The stretch goal for an OUYA port of the full version of the game.