Check out the trailer below, and back it here if you'd like to help bring it to life! <url>"roguelike" feel to it.&nbsp;It draws inspiration from classics like StarFox, our own RACE THE SUN, and modern games with roguelike elements and tactical choices such as FTL and Slay the Spire. We've assembled an awesome team of collaborators and we can't wait to share more. Please follow the project below to get notified on launch day - we'll have lots of early-bird rewards you won't want to miss! FOLLOW WHISKER SQUADRON NOW! <url>"Flippfly Votes" to backers. The idea was to give community members direct input in our development process. While the idea kind-of worked, it wasn't very sustainable for a number of reasons. This week we have launched a much better system along with something called the "Prototype Showdown". Here's a video that explains things: <url>“credits” level, with the names of our backers and other supporters. (we really want to make this cool - so we decided to take a little time and do it right) Special quotes from our backers (can't wait to get your awesome quotes in there) Death epitaph with the name of the object that killed you. (this again is something that we want to do right. There is a lot going on during that death sequence and we don't want to mess up the experience) Original soundtrack as a 4-song EP . (the songs are all done, but we really want to extend them out and master them for a better listening experience - and there may be a bonus track in the works) Flippfly Voting (the next round of voting will start up soon- we'll keep you posted) Desktop Wallpapers (Forest is putting these together today! Watch for them on your Flippfly Account page) We can't thank you enough for your patience and encouragement as we slipped our original launch date and changed up the plan. We have learned a lot about this whole process of self-publishing a game, and you folks have been awesome! Up Next Aside from the things mentioned above we are still very-much focused on Steam. Our Greenlight page is getting more and more attention - and we are making progress toward the top 100! (side-note: if/when we make it to Steam every backer gets a key!) We are putting together a roadmap for future updates to Race the Sun and should have that published later today. Thanks again for making this all possible! - Aaron and Forest (Flippfly) So everyone has most-likely gotten an email with the release date announcement, but we wanted to give you guys a little more info. (I'll present it in a list to keep from rambling - FS) Beta build 0.91is out and has: All 25 player upgrade levels, the new "Apocalypse" world, ship decals and lots of polish and bug fixes. Apocalypse is like the core "Race the Sun" world, but faster and more unpredictable. You can get the latest build here: flippfly.com/my-account and full release notes are here: flippfly.com/racethesun/releasenotes The World Creation contest has been extended to August 16th, Details here: flippfly.com/news/contest-extended We have an official release date on August 19th! On that date we will exit the beta stage and start the "make this game awesomer" stage ;) To celebrate the release announcement we made a little video of Apocalypse: <url>"on the list" so we want to be clear that the game will continue to grow and improve. The 1.0 release is really just one more stepping stone to take Race the Sun! - Aaron and Forest (Flippfly) Today is a big day! Today we released the latest beta (0.55) and we have decided to make it available to ALL of our backers and pre-purchasers. As our launch date draws near, it seemed right to get everyone the latest build. Thank you to our early purchasers and backers - you have been incredibly patient with us. We have been working hard to get the latest game ready for you, and you have waited long enough! Another big thank-you to everyone who invested in Beta Access! Your support and feedback have been absolutely vital and we won't forget it! The latest beta has all of the major features of Race the Sun including: - The Simplex World Creator - User-created world browsing and rating - Multiplayer relay (participation and sharing) - User world portals that transport you to different worlds! - Synchronized leader-boards that reset every 24hours (timer included) - Synchronized procedural worlds that reset with the leader-boards We have also added/improved these features: - Increased Player Ship levels to 10 (there will be 25 in the 1.0 release) - Added Emergency Teleport Portals that let you escape an otherwise deadly crash - Added a Battery attachment that lets you last longer in the shadows - Improved the ways shadows effect the player (stay in the light my friends ;) - Adjusted/added objectives for a smoother player level upgrade process One important note about your player level. it will be reset when you install this beta. Sorry for the inconvenience, but we made some major changes to the objectives and this needed to happen. Hopefully those who are familiar with the game can reach their previous level in a hurry, and may discover some cool new things along the way. We have an ongoing list of beta features, bugs, and updates here: <url>#: Closed Beta 0.## (Adds World-Creator) #: Closed Beta 0.## (Increases player-leveling/unlocks to 25 levels) #: Closed Beta 0.## (Release candidate. Includes "hard" mode, decals, credits mode, and portals) #: 1.0 Release (June) Thanks for coming along with us on this ride! Game development is complex and very hard to predict, but things are going really well. One thing to note is that we see Race the Sun as a dynamic growing thing and we plan to continually update and improve the game long after release. We are working really hard to get the relay mode ready for prime-time. The relay tech is all in-place, but of-course there are a hundred little cases where something could break if we don't plan correctly. Expect to see something next week! Also, there is a new update (0.37) for every backer and purchaser! If you haven't setup your Flippfly account , now would be a good time to do that and get the latest version :) - Aaron &amp; Forest Flippfly Account: flippfly.com/my-account E-mail: flippfly.com/contact Twitter Aaron: @AeornFlippout Twitter Forest: @ForestSanFilipp Greenlight: RtS Profile Page I (Forest) was just looking at the calendar and realized it's been way too long since the last update - sorry about that! We have been cranking away at the multiplayer feature and are almost ready to share it! Of-course, we have come up against some technical chalenges along the way. Sharing games cross-platform via hyperlinks is the best way make our relay system work, but hyperlinks act differently on different OS's, so it has forced us to get creative ;) Thankfully we've found solutions and have gotten through the roadblocks. We should have something for our beta-testers soon! We have also been thinking about about Steam. Not only is Steam one of the largest game portals out there, it is a great place for a community driven game like Race the Sun. We also know that many of you fine-folks are Steam users and we would love to give steam keys to everyone who has the game. Greenlight represents a pretty big chalenge, but we think (with your help) it's totally doable. Here's a post I wrote about our Greenlight expereinces so far: flippfly.com/news/buried-on-greenlight Thanks for all you've done! - Aaron &amp; Forest Good Wednesday! We have just finished an updated beta. This version fixes several bugs and adds the first implementation of high-scores! Our backend data systems are starting to get a workout and are working great so far :) Those who are part of our beta testing group can get the updated version through their Flippfly Accounts at: <url>…just so you know ;) - We are in the process of switching our forums around, so that's not the best place for discussion at the moment. The comments below would be a great place to report problems and bugs. We are incredibly pumped about this, and can't wait to get it into your hands. Please feel free to discuss your likes/dislikes - we covet your honest opinions. Thank you for all your support and kindness! - Aaron &amp; Forest Hi Everyone! It's a nice Spring Tuesday here in Wisconsin, and we're pumped to share what we have been working on. As we were putting together all of the tech for the leader-boards and multi-player, we realized that now was the time to make "one login to rule them all". Basically what we have built is a central "Flippfly Account" that will let you mange all of your purchases, e-mail prefs, and passwords in one place. You will also be able to access the download links to all of your past purchases. Here's what it looks like: It took a little (lot) of work to get this all up an running, but we really feel like it will make everything much easier for everyone. Another upside to us getting this done before release is that our backers with beta access will get to claim their screen-names before everyone else! We are on the verge of having the first beta version of the game ready, and we promise we will get very little sleep until it is done :) Thanks for being awesome! - Aaron &amp; Forest Good Friday! A quick update on the last couple of weeks... Aaron is working on the backend tech to allow players to login and submit their high-scores - lots of good progress there! This is also the same system that will make the portals and multi-player work, so we're pumped to see it coming together. Forest has been working on the primary game mode, which is also coming together nicely. If all goes according to plan we will getting the game out for the first round of closed beta testing within about 2 weeks! We also went to our first convention/show ever! Thanks to some helpful indie developers in Boston we were able to show the game, and even meet some Kickstarter backers at PAX East! We'll do a more detailed report of our experiences, but in summary: it was a blast. Also, we are almost ready to ship some rewards! We have the stickers and posters in-hand, and the patches should arrive soon. As soon as things are ready we are planning to get them shipped! Thanks for your support and continued interest. We'll talk with you soon! - Aaron &amp; Forest Side note: We should really have filmed this earlier in the day, we look very tired ;) Hi Friends! Over the last few days we invested serious time into organization and planning. We know that we will need to make every day count, so we wanted to craft a solid plan. Here is a brief overview of the Race the Sun roadmap: 1: Order Physical Rewards for Backers (This Week) 2: Polish Single-Player Mode 3: Ship Physical Rewards 4: Closed Beta #1 (Single-player with leveling) - Targeting very early April 5: Closed Beta #2 (Adds relay mode) 6: Closed Beta #3 (Adds World-Creator) 7: Closed Beta #4 (Release candidate. Includes Apocalypse Mode and Portals) 8: Release! (May) As you can see we intend to ship all of the physical rewards as soon as possible, and we will start the closed beta #1 as soon as it's ready to go. We will be sending out backer surveys tomorrow to ask for quotes, object names, etc. For those who have add-on items we are creating a special survey to get all the details - we will message you directly with a link You are part of the team, so to keep you in-the-loop we will be doing weekly development updates with photos, videos etc. Also feel free to contact us via: Kickstarter: Contact Form E-mail: flippfly.com/contact Twitter Aaron: @AeornFlippout Twitter Forest: @ForestSanFilipp Thanks for being awesome! - Aaron &amp; Forest Wow - what a ride! If you had asked us a week ago how our Kickstarter was going we would have said "well....Okay..." We could never have guessed what was about to happen. Our backers took to the internet, Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, Everywhere and made something amazing happen: We can't thank all of you enough. Your pledges (pledge increases) and support have launched a dream. We are more confident and excited than ever about making truly interesting and unique games for you - our amazing friends. So: We apologize for not getting this thank-you out sooner, but we decided to take a little time with our patient families who have basically had to live without us for a month :) We also want to make special mention of Robert Bowling who went out of his way to mention and link to us even while he was launching a Kickstarter of his own. Please take a moment to checkout his campaign for The Adventures of Dash (Click Here) We also have to make special mention of SamCube. He was an early believer in Race the Sun, and beyond lending his amazing talent to our project, he took it upon himself to promote our Kickstarter at every turn. Make sure to buy things from this man: SamCube <url>À la carte option. See the bottom of the main page for details. Thing 3: You are amazing people! To be honest, there were times during this Kickstarter when things were looking bleak and we thought about giving up, but you have shown us that there is always hope! With just a few hours left we have reached the elusive 75% mark and are still climbing. If we can keep this energy going we can reach our goal! Whatever the future holds for our little company, we will always remember this incredible support we have received from our friends. - Aaron &amp; Forest Lots of crazy things are happing all at once, but I wanted to share a few: Thing 1 : We had a blast yesterday taking requests and making things with the World Creator. The power of this tool is even surprising us :) Checkout the latest creations here: <url>"backer" T-shirt for everyone at that level and above. Thanks again to SamCube for these sweet designs. Thing 3 : We will be adding a new exclusive tier this afternoon that will allow people to make their mark on the game in a new way (stay tuned). Also, does anybody have a specific reward they would like to see? We are totally open to ideas - so feel free to leave them in the comments below! We can't thank you all enough - let's make these last hours count and make this happen! - Aaron &amp; Forest Hello Friends! Just a super short update to let you know that we will be live on-air with the Simplex World Creator at 9:30AM (Central Time US) at this address: <url>#11) and will be taking requests live via chat. We will also be posting pics of what we are creating as we go on this Tumblr: thesunwins.tumblr.com This is gonna be fun! - Forest Hi Everyone! We just added a new backer reward called "THE DEADLY OBJECT". We thought it'd be cool to let our backers name one of the deadly objects in Race the Sun. The names you give will become part of each player's epitaph when they die by your object (see the video for how this'll all work). <url>À la carte option. If you would like to add that to your rewards just increase your pledge amount by $25 to cover the poster and add shipping: $0 (United States) $15 (Canada &amp; Europe) $25 (Elsewhere in the World) Live-Stream (UFOs, LaserBeams...) We also wanted to let you know that we've rescheduled the World Creator live-stream to tomorrow. Let us know in the comments below what you would like us to make! do you want to see UFOs, Laserbeams, more nuclear events? We will try to make them live in-front of the internet on: <url>"liking" us. Kickstarter stats are showing that social media has become our biggest avenue of support - you are making this happen! Thanks to Ben over at Penny-Arcade for the writeup (here's the link) and to all the other sites that have covered us. We have decided that a scrolling list of credits isn't good enough for our backers, so we are making a playable "credits mode" to say thank-you in a big way (you deserve it) Also, for anyone who pledges at $50 or above, we are going to mail them this sweet sticker that SamCube designed: This coming monday we will be live-streaming ourselves making stuff with the Simplex World Creator, and we want you to decide what we make! Got a crazy idea for an object in the game? Let us know in the comments below and we will try to make it on Monday. If you want to know what kind of things can be made checkout this Tumbr Post where Aaron shows how he made a flock of birds for the game. Aaron and I are so tired, but so happy right now. We finally get to show everyone what we've been working on for the last couple weeks. We have totally overhauled the Kickstarter video and page with new info - so if you have a minute, please watch the video (here) and share it with the whole internet :) The short version of the story is that Aaron has invented a way to give gamers unprecedented creative power in a 3D world. It's kind-of like a sandbox system, but with more power... (the video explains it better) . Using this new invention we basically recreated everything in the game from the ground up in 2 weeks - and it was so worth it. I really believe this invention could change gaming as we know it. The Poster Design is Finished!!! Since it was clear that poster sketch #2 was going to win by a landslide, SamCube went ahead and finished the it! You can see a small version of the final design near the bottom of the Kickstarter page. I am totally in awe of this work of art. We have been so blessed to have SamCube lend his amazing talent to this project. Thank you all for your support and encouragement! There is just a short time left in this Kickstarter campaign, but we believe that once people see what's happening here we can easily reach our goal. We want to let you know that we're more excited about this game than ever, but we need your help! We'd really appreciate it if you 'like' this update, and help us out by telling people about us and our campaign through your social networks . Together we can make this happen! We announced a while back that the talented SamCube would be creating our poster. He has gone-to-town on these awesome concept sketches - one of which he will turn into our final poster... and who better to decide which poster get's finished than our Kickstarter backers! Cast your vote in the comments below, and the winner will become our poster Sketch 1 (Click for Big Pic) Sketch 2 (Click for Big Pic) Sketch 3 (Click for Big Pic) Sketch 4 (Click for Big Pic) Please vote only once, but feel free to make your case as to why your choice is best :) The sketches are arranged from left to right: 1,2,3,4. Good Monday! Just a quick update to let you know that we have a Linux tech-demo available on our website here: <url>….I can't stop staring at that album cover….. [O_O] This week has been a crazy one... and it's only Tuesday! (Happy Fat Tuesday BTW!) We are cranking away at a major update to the core of Race the Sun and doing our best to keep everybody updated. Here is a cool gameplay video that shows some of the fun in the current alpha: <url>