I wont bother with the refund, but I am disappointed. Nothing for me. Still no refund ever provided. Despite claims in updates to the contrary, I don't think that *anyone* got any refund. Requested a refund, but never saw it. I do see the update claiming refunds were sent, but . . . Has anyone heard anything in a while? Just curious. I think almost no one got their refunds. That said, I hope (or rather I don't) Joe remembers to include this money on his Taxes. Or rather I hope really awful things happen to him for pulling a scam like this. Wow, that's sad. I'm starting to believe nothing concerning the project was ever done with the money. Hope everyone got their refunds... Correct. The last time I was contacted, it was to confirm that I wanted to help with the script (I have a screenshot of our chat if he ever tries to deny this). Since then, I haven't heard a peep. So no one ever saw anything that was done with the money, not even those who offered to work on this for free to get this done? Just so people don't get their hopes up, despite what Joseph has said, this project is dead. We haven't seen any progress after his promise of actually working on the game and I, as one of the people who volunteered to help, still haven't received anything. I would advise everyone to immediately ask for a refund and don't let up until you get it. As Frank said a few months ago, Joseph has to refund use under Kickstarter's guidelines. Sent note about refund long ago. Still no refund. Sometimes...I really don't know what to say. Still no refund for myself either. Even though I send the PM requesting one, every time too. Interesting news.. I just found out that my state (WA) has filed the first KS fraud/failed campaign lawsuit. (which I also happened to have backed.) - It might be interesting to follow, as it will most likely set a precedent for possible future lawsuits. (hopefully a good precedent) Anyway. Here is some info on it (legal docs are in a link in this article) - <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. " (from the FAQ, and several other links on the site) Finally got my refund. But seriously? You sent it in a manner that Paypal charged me a fee for it? You should have paid the fee yourself. And before anyone says something, yes, I am aware he did not have to give refunds. However, he agreed to, and he should be paying any required fees himself. Since the last update was for backers only, and in case potential employers or future investors ever see this, know that Joseph Nix promised refunds and has yet to give them. He of course disappeared again, and he's more than a week late for the refunds which already took forever to be offered after months of nothing happening or being showed about the game. . Don't ever trust Joseph Nix. He's a liar, a fraud, and a coward. My apologies to NobodyStudios--I meant no disrespect. Your art was what attracted me to this project in the first place. I have not contacted you directly in the past, and simply kept account of the casualties involved with it. I hope you can forgive me. Nobody Studios, nobody should criticize your integrity. You have been opened and frank with us, in a word: honest. @NobodyStudios: I echo Frank and wish you the best! Thank you Frank - and a huge thanks to everyone extends us that same understanding. We really appreciate it. @NobodyStudios, thanks for keeping us updated when Joseph Nix wouldn't. I think everyone appreciated it. I'm sure everyone understands it's not your fault, and you've done everything that you could in the situation. Well, Joe Nix should be ashamed of himself. If I were him I just start issuing the refund now. You've screwed over way to many people to just sit on this for god knows how long. @cyxceven: Yep, it really is too bad. But when you get people constantly harassing you about a game that you never were even responsible for, it can wear a person down. We've kept communication open and been entirely transparent for the past year while this project has gone downhill. There's only so many ways we can say 'this isn't our project, we're not responsible for it', etc. Apparently it's not good enough for some people, or some people don't listen.... or are just desperate for any kind of communication about this project. But in any case, yep- that's it, it's done. We won't be posting on here anymore. Take your grievances to the guy who started the project and got funded- not the artists he commissioned. Looks like NobodyStudios packed it in too. Too bad, it was really nice art. Nice to see that threats of reporting you to Amazon/KS/Fraud offices forced you AGAIN to stop hiding. What took you so long? Do we have to report you every time you're lying about giving us updates and go hiding? I'll ask for a refund for sure. Can't believe you disappeared again, and have yet to show ANYTHING about the game even if you promised it the last time. As far as we know, this game doesn't even exist and is pure vaporware. Show some respect, it's getting ridiculous. We tried our best to support you. This comment won't be heinous or aggressive, I'm just going to list the next logical steps for our community of backers. To every and each one of the backers reading this comment, please report this person to the authorities as described above (please, any US backer, specify how in the next comment), by writing to Kickstarter (<url>" Hello, My name is XXX. I gave XXX USD to a Kickstrater project named "RAiN" (<url>" Game over mister Nix. Yeah like I've said earlier, you've had your second chance (or was it even the third chance?) and you blew it again. Will be reporting this on Kickstarter, and filling appropriate complaints using the info Matthew posted here. It's really a shame but you can't be trusted at all, and don't have any respect for the 298 of us. I encourage everyone else to do the same. Joseph, it really is a shame how you are treating us. Did you never learn what responsibilityt is? Sorry to sound so hard (I am slightly drunk) but for your own good end this mess. Wow, so he doesn't even bother communicating with those who are willing to help him for free?? (actually help him after giving him money for what looks to be vaporware) I really can't believe he's hiding again after what happened last time. Joseph, it has been almost a month. I backed this project out of my love for the genre. I offered my services to help finish the game because I want to see it made. I'm quickly losing interest though. We understand that life can get in the way of things but this is become a repeat of last time. You can't promise an update and promise to answer PMs and then disappear for a long time. We gave you a second a chance, please don't squander it. Joe, Where have you been? Tell us what's happening! From my complaint to the Internet Crime Complaint Center Joseph Middle Name: Last Name:Nix Gender:M Address:1350 Tomol St City:Carpinteria State:California Country:United States Zip Code / Route:93013-1717 Phone Number:8056843144 E-mail Address:<email> Lani, do you still have his address and contact info? My wife's a lawyer and we'll see what we can do. Having his personal info would make this a bit easier. Yeah I'm convinced he's a thief / scam artist. Last time he said that he was reading the comments, so I'm sure he's reading ours. Another week without an update, what a coward. It's over a week now. That said, this kickstarter seems to have been a scam from the start. He probably just spent our money on video games and what have you. I doubt he spent anytime working on this game. ...aaaaand the week is over, still no update. Joseph, how do you want to deal with refunds? Should I send you a private message or will you use the Kickstarter survey? You can't be trusted at all. I'm in the same boat with everyone else, Joseph. It's Thursday and there's still no update, nor have I received any of the script despite asking you about it in PMs. I'm still waiting on getting my money back. I'm pretty certain Joe here never worked on this game and spent our money on himself. Yes, it is kind of frustrating... @Joseph, stop making promises you can't keep. It's Wednesday now, still no update. Pogopuschel has been asking for months for you to reply to his pms, and apparently you don't care about that either. I'm done with you, your broken promises, your lack of transparency and your countless excuses. I've tried to understand your situation but honestly you are not capable of making a game and running a Kickstarter campaign. Game is more than a year late and you have yet to show anything that you've done. It's time for refunds. Sorry, I've lost all faith in you and this project. Hey Joseph, would be nice to answer to any of my pms... <url>"yep, that didn't go well, but it wasn't a total loss" or "Ok, maybe I should work on my prep a bit more before asking for money". If that makes sense. I overthink things. I like the idea of producing the game in an open way - but that requires a radically different approach to what we've seen so far. It means sharing files so we can get a sense of how things are going, and hosting an open, relatively public discussion. Until either that happens, or Joseph shows Robert the files and leans on his expertise, I fail to see how anything has changed. And frankly, I remain skeptical that we are being levelled with. Making games is hard, very hard. Tools exist to make the process simpler, but making a decent game is one f'n hard job. I don't feel that Joseph intended to scam us (I could be wrong). I feel he probably thought that the biggest piece of the puzzle was the budget, and that kickstarter would help him acquire that piece. But making games require so much more than money. I still believe something good can come out of this. I backed Hiro Fodder by Robert DellaFave and I trust that if a game can be salvaged from this, he is the one to lead it. I'm not sure if another kickstarter for this game is a good idea, but personally i would donate what I could to ensure all backers of this project got something in the end. Hey Lani, I posted this in the updates section- reposting here in case you didn't see it. --------------------------------------- Lani, Thank you so much for your understanding all that we've been going through. It really has been hell. I can understand why you went to the lengths you did and to be honest can't fault you for making certain assumptions. I can sympathize for everything you've gone through with this- I've experienced disappointments and delays on a few projects too. And it's okay, I accept your apology about my grandfather's address- you had no way of knowing about death, and since no one lives there at the moment, no real harm was done. It just seems a little convenient at this point, when some backers are looking into complaints and legal action, and others are proposing you hand the work over to another developer with transparency, that you come back with a series of promises that seem designed to deter action, and get some of your critics off of this page. At this stage, if you want to rebuild trust, I would make the files accessible to everyone, so we can make an informed choice as to whether to go for a refund or to continue to support the project. I think putting conditions on people not to comment is a bad idea - and I suspect a violation of Kickstarter's TOS. If you are interested in making this the best game possible, I'd welcome input as broadly as possible. Unless you are just counting on cleaning up your internet profile by removing your critics, and those providing information about avenues for complaints. I have requested deletion of my own comments by Kickstarter. If Joseph is making amends, so am I. This matter is over. (Also, Brittany, it WAS my investigation that got Joseph to respond literally at all. While I did go overboard, and I regret that, it was at the very least effective. One can become emotionally invested when money is involved and promises are broken) Yes, it seems Nobody Studios is legit. I'm even willing to buy the grandfather's death. As for the address - I wouldn't have listed it if it wasn't requested on the fraud report form. I did several paid background check sort of things and they seemed to say Joseph lived there. I know this stuff is personal, but it is also public record. Still, I apologise for that. I overstepped a boundary and made a mistake. If Kickstarter wishes to delete them (I do at this point), I certainly won't object. Also, yes, Joseph did not try to hide it - I did roll that part back. I'll even buy that Joseph is a bum and dropped off the face of the earth when you asked him about this. I'm sorry your business has gone through so much hell over this project and I regret my role in it. That said, I still am not buying the divorce (he seemed awfully lubby-dubby on his Facebook at the time he was dealing with it). But even if that's true, I certainly don't buy the lack of Internet (he was at University at the time. He could have used public university computers if necessary) or the power failure nonsense. It's pretty darned clear he barely worked on the thing based on the lack of requests for art assets. Perhaps he wasn't running a scam, but he was dealing with investors. And he did agree to Kickstarters terms of use. He needed to be more aware of what he was getting into. It turns out when you take investor money, make knowingly false promises, and then do not deliver or keep in touch, the investors get angry and take drastic measures to rectify the problem. Whatever. As far as I'm concerned, Joseph has done what he needed to do a long time ago and made amends. If I'm contacted about the fraud report, I'll rescind it. I'm going to get a refund of my money - though I reserve the right to post here until the money clears into my bank account. I hope, if nothing else, Joseph has learned the seriousness of keeping promises and setting realistic expectations. Okay, wow. What the hell. Reporting all those Lani person's comments to Kickstarter for deletion. I'm sick of this 4chan-borne internet culture where geeks are way too trigger-happy to doxx people when they don't know the whole story. It's 2013 and posting random people's addresses like that is not cool you fucking justice warrior dorks. You know what? I wrote a whole thing. Paragraphs. About how you've contradicted yourself not just since the start of this kickstarter, but in the last two days. About how much work was or was not lost. About how much time you have or have not been working on it. But it's irrelevant. I think largely, your backers have decided to do all the work for you, to demand a refund, or simply to not even pay attention at all and not even realize this is happening. Right now, I'm on the fence. Please convince me Joseph. Convince me you weren't full of shit. No more lying. No more exaggerating. No more going from "I lost much of the work that I had done over the last few months due to a power outage." to "The power outage only corrupted a limited section of files." No more of this. It's ridiculous. If you want to make this open-source, completely changing the terms of what it is, exactly, that we invested in, you better start explaining a LOT more than you have. What is it you're looking for backers to contribute? How much work are YOU going to do? What kind of license will the game be released under? But will the schedule be like? Are you going to STICK to the schedule? Before I, and I assume at least a few others, hop on off this fence, you need to do more than say "I'm going to keep at it now!" Reposted here. Thank you Alexandre I really appreciate it :) I think you have a great idea- a lot of people still really support the idea of this game, and perhaps if it turns into a group, open source project it could still be good. Nobody Studio, I think almost every one here understand you and respect you. You have always been here to answer our questions and I personally appreciate and value it. I sincerely hope this will end (well) with Mr DellaFave finishing the game. I backed 25 dollars here on KS, but I could give him 5 dollars if he needed money. As for people who backed a lot, the game could be given to them for free. Let's say: it could become an open source game with a "donate what you want" button. This is all very disappointing, frustrating, and upsetting. However, I am really hoping that someone like Mr. DellaFave can pick up this project and continue it, or perhaps others... an open source project sounds great, and we'd absolutely be willing to work creating any new art assets needed for the project. Of course, if you guys want to hire out other artists then please do so, we won’t be offended :) We have a lot of other projects we’re working on right now, so it won’t bother us at all if someone else takes the reins. If Joseph didn’t back up the high res files we gave him, we do have our own copies and backups of those, so we’ll freely give them to the new project manager, or else upload them to an open source site. As said before, we were really looking forward to working on this, and were very disappointed when we stopped hearing from Joseph, and even more disappointed now that we now the project is dead... but I feel like I need to clarify a few misunderstandings. The Art Assets: We did not finish all of the art assets needed for this game. We only finished the work Joseph asked for- which so far is mainly the wallpaper, 3 character designs, and in-game portraits for the lead character. If anyone wants to see a spreadsheet of how much money Joseph gave us and when, the exact work we did- we would be more than happy to share it. We’ve been completely open and transparent this whole time- we're nothing more than work-for-hire artists on this project. Thankfully we got paid, but it still sucks that this may not be a finished game. And now... to address Ms. Lani specifically and the accusation that we are 'in on' this 'scam': Nobody Studios is the name that me and my wife use for our art team (lot of our work is collaborations). We are Joseph's brother and sister in law. Joseph made NO secret about the family relation- he listed our real names on the main page of his Kickstarter. (Kirk & Amanda Nix). That said, we did not receive any money from the Kickstarter outside of what he paid us to do the art. Specifically, Amanda did the art for RAIN as I (Kirk) was busy at the time finishing commissions received during the FANIME & Anime Expo conventions last year. We have been active as freelance artists for the past 4 years (since 2009). We have a DA, Tumblr, etc... we visit conventions, and have fulfilled hundreds of commissions for several clients over the years. I am pretty sure that we would not be so stupid as to ruin 4 years worth of flawless reputation by scamming people on Kickstarter. We have been around way before Joseph even had the idea to make this game. In fact, we have done everything we can to try and get answers from Joseph, and give you guys answers as far as we know on our limited information Joseph gave us. We have not gone into hiding, ever and have always answered everyone who has messaged us. We have gone far above and beyond what work-for-hire artists would normally do in this situation, and far beyond what anyone could rightfully expect of us. We may be related to Joseph, but he lives 150 miles away. If he decides not to respond to our phone calls or emails, we are in the same boat as you guys. That said, this is NOT our kickstarter- it is his. We are NOT responsible for the results of his Kickstarter anymore than Studio Lexi would have been if they had been hired to do the music. Believe me, I would much rather have not had this happen, and if I had a crystal ball I wouldn't even agreed to take this work in the first place with. A few people we know backed this, and are hurt as well. The few hundred bucks we got for designing characters and painting wallpapers is definitely NOT worth all of the stress and frustration we've had in dealing with this project. In the end we can't make Joseph finish the game or solve all of the problems he has with this project. I have no idea what Joseph's intentions are or were- other than what he tells me (which is what he's telling everyone else.) Time will tell, and I hope this is the first step towards him being transparent and responsible. Sharing the files might be a good way to make something good can come out of this disaster. Once the work he’s finished is public for everyone to see, and then I feel all of us can judge him better on the amount of work he actually finished. If you feel that lawsuits or reporting him to the police for fraud is your best course of action, by all means go ahead- Joseph is an adult and it's his responsibility to deal with that- not ours. On a side note, you should now that Charles Nix is not our father, but late Grandfather. When Joseph spoke of the loss in the family that is who he was referring to. Our Grandpa died in February of liver cancer. If you do not believe this I can furnish all the proof in the world that you need, including a photocopy of a death certificate, a picture of his headstone- you name it. The address you posted was his. I really do not appreciate you posting the address of our recently deceased grandfather on the internet for everyone to see. I understand you're frustrated with Joseph, but no one is more angry or frustrated with him over the past months than we have been. We have done nothing wrong, and have nothing to hide- and you are only making the situation worse by making false accusations against us. We won't hide or not respond to you Lani- if you want to talk, we're here, so please have the decency to come to us personally (not anonymously), and express your concerns instead of slandering us. That said everyone; we'll always be here if you have any questions about our involvement or any future production of art assets for this project. We will always be here- we're not going anywhere. If anyone wants to talk, email us at Nobody.Studios at gmail.com. "Reminder: Though the game's engine is complete, the graphical presentation of the game is currently in alpha stage." He was making this game in RPG Maker. I like how he insinuated that he worked on the engine - that he wrote it and completed it. Imagine if someone making a game in Unity wrote "well, the engine was complete. I just need to make the game." It's like writing a paper and saying "well, the pencil exists, I just need to finish the writing bit!" I have got so many things so say right now, as a person who have spent thousands on sucessful projects which is a small percentage of the projects I backed. But I will wait for further developments and see how this goes. Congrats Lani for pulling Joseph Nix out of his shell and give us weapons to poke him. Joseph - what you did was positively vile. I have friends who need life saving surgeries that they can't afford that cost less than the money you took and promptly did not deliver on. I would not be so angry if there weren't so many inconsistencies between your story and your actions online and if you had been clear and transparent in your updates. Particularly if they had been regular. I'll reserve final judgement until I read a clarification post that is fully transparent, honest, and handles everything I've unearthed. In addition to finding a way to return the money, which, need I remind you, you are legally required to do at this point. Or to resume development. One or the other. This was an RPG Maker game. It isn't hard to use or develop for. I'll be fascinated to know your excuse for the time it took to do that. (That's it for me - I've done what I can. Report him for fraud (info for that below), contact him (info for that also below), or just ignore it. He was hesitant to be transparent and openly lied about his Internet dying, his divorce, his moving, and his game and I cleared all that up. I did my part!) Nobody Studios is Kirk (Joseph's brother) and Amanda Nix (Kirk's wife). They're even listed on the front page. Okay maybe I jumped the gun here on open-ness, but the idea that they had no way of contacting Joseph besides email is a bit absurd, don't you think? Still a hoax - just a less hidden one. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Lucas - by the author's own admission, after waiting this long and spending that much money, you're entitled to a good game! <url>"Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. if anyone uses steam and wants a new game to play, my username is masterstickboy and I have 7 extra copies of DOTA 2.... sure it won't make up for being scammed but its free for those that'd like it. (just send me a friend request/message on steam and ill give you a copy) yeah looking at what he was posting around the time he supposedly didn't have internet I do agree that it would constitute fraud. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. We have been nixed off. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Thanks for the update NobodyStudios, you're doing a better PR job than the guy who got our money... Sucks about your art, what we saw looked amazing. Guess this project is really dead now. I'll report it to Kickstarter and suggest that everyone do the same. They usually don't care once they got their money but failed projects and scams are way too common these days, and a lot of people like me have completely stopped backing projects. If they don't do anything, this concept and website won't last much longer. Still haven't heard anything from Joseph. Quite disappointed his project turned out this way. I was really hoping things could turn around and we'd be contacted again for more art, but I have to admit- things don't seem to be looking good right now. luckily for me this has been the only project that's scammed us, though the other ones rarely meet there deadline they still give a final product. or atleast enough updates to keep me content.. Yeah I've been doing the same lately. I used to back a lot of smaller projects but several of them ended like this one. Hard to trust people anymore, especially people like Joseph Nix who promises to answer questions and give more frequent updates then leave again with no way of contacting them. The worst thing about this is that Kickstarter won't do anything for projects like this. At times it really feels more like a charity than a way to fund new ideas. Anyway, I'll add this guy to the "never support again" list. Robert: I know I'm never going to kick-start anything from an unproven developer any more. Sucks for people like you but I don't plan on getting burned again. All this does is discredit nobody developers like myself who were lucky enough to get Kickstarted, and are actually working hard towards finishing the game. A monthly update would have been nice Yep, looks like he'll never come back. I guess we've all been had. I also noticed that Studio Lexi no longer exists. Was the game called on account of Rain? Any update? Been a while now. And here we go again. I'm glad to hear from Nobody Studios as at least I know it wasn't a scam as some money was spent. I'll take this as a lesson learned and most likely not kickstart video games without a proven developer behind the project. My My My....this does get quite difficult. Its no wonder why he didn't connect his facebook account. [sigh] As one of the people who donated quite highly, and even some extra, this is quite a painful experience... There are quite some proof against you Mr. Joseph Nix, and frankly I even saw some kickstarter project where people got sued for much less money than you got. At this point of time there is only one naysayer in the previous update, Ellen Drew, and everyone else shout support for you. Is the one person who didn't the only one that is true? If you reply and respond late more and more will be inclined in that direction... I am with Nobody Studios and do hope that you are going to eventually complete this project, because a promise made should be fulfilled, and in a monetary deal is crucial and of utmost importance. While I did not back the highest pledge, I can imagine how bad they feel...if like me being a college student or those without stable finace, thats even worse. You have been through quite a bad moment of your life according to your words, so you should understand that some things should go both ways. " We were told that gaming was unproductive, lazy and destroyed our minds. Boy were they wrong." You have an excellent motto here, care to help prove it? In the worst possible case and scenario you can try to ask us if any of us can offer to draw, programme, beta test or story writing. And we can assist you. I bet some of us are willing to work for free if money is a nasty issue. Time is of the essence. Please at least knock once to prove or disprove these. If not 28th is around the corner and also a month since your last update. Explain there, or you might see pitchforks or a courtroom at worse. Just a final note, people can get irrational and impatient. Tumblr is malfunctioning so I thought I'd post a reply here publicly so that all backers could see it, though I already messaged Brian Watzig privately. "It was brought to my attention that he has no plans of finishing the project, and that he recently sold he computer." The last I heard from Joseph about Rain was in the last update he made on March 27, which everyone can see here. He said in the update he intended to finish- so this is news to me. " I was wondering if he ever even paid you guys..." Yes he's paid us for the work we finished for him. Most of that you guys have already seen (wallpapers & concept art), but there's some in-game stuff he hasn't posted (to my knowledge.) He hasn't contacted us about doing anymore artwork for him since last October I believe. At that point we had finished some in-game character art for his demo, which at that time he said was nearing completion. "a guy recently contacted me and told me he know Joseph and knew he had no intention of completing it" As I said before, as far as I know he's going to complete it- but he hasn't requested art for awhile. I assumed a lot of that is due to the events in his personal life recently- but I had hoped he'd start contacting us more and updating more after his last update on Mar. 27. I don't know Joseph's intentions or progress better than anyone else on his backers list. But I certainly hope Joseph is going to finish the game. And I do wish he'd update more- that way we wouldn't get questions like this on Tumblr so frequently. After all this is his project, not ours. so a little birdy told me Nix sold his computer and took off, I asked nobody studio's if they have heard anything or got paid for there work. they haven't responded yet but here in the link for when they do <url>#fundraising_and_commerce). This agreement establishes a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and gives backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. From Kickstarter's FAQ: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. _________ The estimated delivery date is ~4 months overdue and we haven't heard anything in almost as long. I am also interested in an update. How are things going? Any ETA on an update? :o How's the game development so far? Do we get to see our original characters anytime soon? :D @Joseph Nix: Thanks for getting in touch with us through the comments. :) Really enjoyed your last Update you had posted. Very excited to see the next update. :) @Joseph Nix: You're welcome and I thank you for the very quick reaction. :) @Joseph Nix: I'd also like to add that I have seen countless Kickstarter projects run into major hurdles of all kinds... One couldn't foot the shipping costs bill, two got robbed, one got laid off and had to look for work, two got into legal issues over copyrights (that weren't really infringed if you ask me), one had a producer run off with their money, one had a founder quit the team, one had to stall development to prioritize applying for funds, many got a surprise Sandy visit and so on and so forth... In each and every one of the cases I witnessed, the creators came clean about their issues and seemed afraid that maybe the internet trolls and haters would swallow them whole... and the backers agreed (at least those who commented) that it wasn't that big a deal. After all, Kickstarter is all about putting the human factor back into the equation, right? The problem you are facing with your project is that you withhold information. You seem to assume that backers are only interested in good news and to wait until you have enough new stuff to show us before you update. I think it is a terrible idea. We want to know how RAiN is progressing. If it is stalling, we want to know it is and we want to know why. Not because we will hold you accountable for it (my experience tells me Kickstarter backers are an extremely forgiving bunch), but because we care. About you and about your project. Don't push us away. Keep us in the loop. Please. @Joseph Nix: As far as I know, there is no way for us backers to ask to be notified when you post on the comments thread. It is pure chance that I read this today (the day after you posted it) instead of three months from now... While I greatly appreciate your willingness to tell us why the update got delayed, I ask that you please post the same thing as an update. Not every update has to show new stuff. Updates are meant to keep us in the loop about your progress. Unforeseeable and/or inevitable delays are part of the process and I (and probably a lot of my fellow backers) want to know about them too. Am I to assume that your weekly updates became monthly now? Remember don't forget to keep us in the loop or the consequences might be difficult later on... Hi guys. Just checking in to see how the game is coming along. We would love to see a new update added! Thanks. :) Just giving everyone an update on our side, Artwork & Revised characters will be posted shortly , more than likely within the next two weeks. Thanks everyone for being patient, but please bear with us, we are trying to make the best game possible. :) So please look forward to it! You may also check our deviant art for updates in the coming weeks. <url>~$800 to go. I have to say I was worried for the past few days this wouldn't make it. Glad to see I was wrong. I can't believe the amount of support you guys are getting these last few days. Holy balls. Upped my pledge to $100 when I saw how close you guys are. I think you might just make it! Exciting~ Came here from Alcarys Complex. I've only been stalking the games page for a couple weeks, but most of the time I wait a couple days after seeing a game to decide whether or not to pledge. This is the first one that made me go "holy shit must pledge now." This looks amazing. Thank you. This looks pretty great. I put in my pledge a few minutes ago, but I'll see if I can find anyplace to spread the word. Joined the cause! hope you can make it. Were making good progress, I decided to up my pledge. I want this game to be made so badly. Keep up the good work and can't wait to see more updates Does the 25 dollar level come with the full art book that will be released with the special edition or just some special art jpegs or something? Came here from Alcarys Complex. Any chance of an iOS version for a stretch goal should we make it? Damn, I swear you just went up like $1k today. I'm looking forward to this game funding. Also, I had no idea that it's RAiN because there's endless rain. Upped my pledge! So excited for this game! Keep up the lore updates :D I'm so happy we reached 50%! Since you gave a pretty detailed description of a Torcard, what is a Celestian? (since they seem to be the most important race) I sure hope this makes it. -- Try talking to some other projects to get a bit more attention. This game is getting more exciting by the minute! I can't wait to play it! This will seem like a random question, but, what's a Torcard? Hey Joseph, thanks for linking our interview! I had a blast doing it and can't wait for the game! This is the first time a kickstarter game has gotten me REALLY excited. Started with a $10 pledge for now but will definitely be increasing it once I know how much money I can spare. Hopefully enough to help design ingame stuff ^^ The video in the last update sold me - looking forward to playing the final game! It looks great. I hope you build it as I look forward to playing it. I have a suggestion. You mentioned learning a language in game which sounds awesome. -- My one concern is it would get quite annoying to have to decipher every single thing that we come upon in that language. -- FFX had a great way of dealing with this. In FFX there was also a language you could decipher letter by letter. As you discovered books which deciphered a letter, it would automatically decipher that letter whenever you read or heard it. -- So let's say I found a book that deciphers the letter A. It would go like this: "A !@# a^& &a* a$% a%^&*(." -- This would allow for translation without tediousness. If you like, you could make it an option so people who enjoy deciphering it every time can do so as well. Looks like an awesome game, and I'm always up for supporting indie developers! Of course, I also love the idea of so many endings, as well as adding more content for every ending reached. Anything to extend the replayability of a game is always a huge plus. Out of curiosity, are the strategy guides / art books going to be hardcover or paperback? I'm assuming paperback to make it more feasible to create the amount needed and get it to the backers, while still having the funds to make and publish this amazing looking game!! Also, the Hydra dictionary addition sounds awesome. Glad to support, and I really hope this gets the funding it needs! will you be implementing a tracker menu for which endings have been seen since there will be so many? There could be rewards for unlocking so many of them. Can't wait to play the whole concept sounds awesome. I think it's great that this game will have many endings. Will each character have a unique ending for their story? or will they all share the same endings? Also I think it would be cool for the strategy guide/artbook to have a hydra language dictionary so whenever you encounter the writing you can pull out the guide to decipher the messages easier.