<url>"Hey, I never got a shipping notification!" - The most likely reason for this is because we never received any survey information from you. Kickstarter sent out a survey for you to choose which color Remee you'd be receiving and also to supply us shipping information. The survey is still live and a few of you have filled it out over the past couple days, so we'll get these out as they come along. Thank you for all the feedback! So far there have been relatively few issues with production - of those few, many have simply been a case of our instructions not being as clear as they could have been, and in at least one case, no instructions existing at all. Lots of early success stories, and we're looking forward to hearing more as people spend more time with Remee. Cheers! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs Hey everyone! A couple of things to note: We're making excellent progress in shipping. We'll set a record today for certain. If you haven't gotten a shipping notification yet, don't worry - it's on the way. A few people have noted that they haven't seen any movement on their packages. This is mostly likely just the USPS being the USPS - hang in there for a bit. We'll chase shipping issues down with you if it turns out there is one, but we just need to see how things shake out first. The configuration app is live (as many of you have seen in your instructions) at www.sleepwithremee.com/program - there are still a few small bugs to address but for the most part it works perfectly. If you've sent us an email inquiring when your Remee will ship, we probably didn't answer it - simply don't have to time to address the volume of email we're receiving right now. Rest assured, we're churning them out over here and you should all be getting notifications soon. We also considered the names Ship-a-thon 2012, Shipstravaganza, and Ship Happens. Any way you slice it, shipping of Remee has commenced! Except for quick break on Thursday for cranberry sauce and family arguments, we'll be shipping nearly around the clock until we're caught up. We spent a lot of time ahead of this making sure our fulfillment process was a well oiled machine - this was time well spent. We're processing and shipping far more per day than we ever expected to be able to, and doing our absolute darnedest to get every Remee shipped out as fast as possible. Many of you have received shipping notifications already. We're packing now and all day tomorrow for a drop off first thing Monday morning, and will continue to do morning and evening shipments throughout the week. We owe you at least two more updates before shipping is complete, one of which will deal with the Web Appplication used to customize Remee. Expect that on Monday or Tuesday. At this risk of sounding like a broken record: thank you, thank you, thank you. You've been incredibly supportive, helpful, and understanding throughout this process. We know it has been frustrating at times, sticking with us through delays and setbacks, and no poor words of ours can adequately convey our appreciation. Cheers, Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs Hi everyone! Sorry for the short silence. You'll be happy to know that on Monday morning, Remee will be in the air and on its way to us. We will begin shipping the minute it's in our hands and you'll get an email when your Remee hits the mail! If anyone has moved lately, the window to change your address is very short, so make sure you get any address changes in to us at <email> as soon as humanly possible. If you've already sent us an address change in the last few days, there's a chance you didn't get a response yet, but it WAS received. A small favor to ask: If you think you have sent an address change but aren't sure, check your outgoing messages before sending another - we get a ton of email and this week, every minute will count! And now, without further ado... Production stuff! <url>"sweet spot" to maximize Remee's potential. Apart from that, we've been hacking away at the customization app, and we're getting close to being able to release it. We're already using it ourselves but there's still a bug or two to work out. The Bit Banging (entering settings into the mask using flashing lights on the screen) works perfectly . It's a very cool, low profile, and rarely seen method of transferring data, but we're big fans. We've already been brainstorming ideas (when we have the rare free moment) for different usages of this retrofuturistic technology. Now that we (and you) have a better idea where Remee is at, production-wise, we'll work on updating more often with little bits of info we think you'll find enlightening. Priority number one is obviously narrowing down an exact day we can begin shipping. We thank you again for your support, encouragement, and continued patience. Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs PS: Backers who selected coin and journal rewards, we will start shipping these soon. Thank you! <url>" hook-and-loop closure that we're happy with. That means Remee's strap is now adjustable without having a bulky hump that might cause discomfort while sleeping. We've been sleeping with the new strap for a while now and can report that comfort was not affected whatsoever! We've been toying with a new light pattern - most of our patterns have been very steady back-and-forth, in-and-out type patterns, but Duncan in particular has had a lot of success with 'Scatter' - which is more or less what it sounds like. This is a great example of why having pattern options is good - different patterns may work better for different people. That's all the news that's fit to print. We'll be back as soon as we have more to say. Thanks, everyone, for your support! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs Hey everyone! Just a quickie - we're taking a much needed 48 hour break from the world in the beautiful Delaware Water Gap , but the William McShane Fund contest ends shortly and we need your help to stay on top! If you'd like to see Remee on the shelves in stores all over the world, please take a moment to vote for Remee here. Thanks for your time, and a pleasant holiday weekend to those of you from the US. Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs ^ Our own Duncan Frazier speaking on a panel at Tech Crunch Disrupt. After a harrowing couple days, all seems well with the payment issues - nothing more than a small glitch on Amazon's side that was quickly corrected once normal business hours resumed following the weekend. Thanks, everyone, for staying patient while it was worked out. A couple things: A lot of folks forgot to add international shipping to their pledge - not a big deal. Many of you have already corrected this through our website, sleepwithremee.com . Others have been asking how we are going to match up the two payments. When the survey goes out we'll ask international backers who didn't add shipping in their pledge to provide their Paypal transaction ID so we can match up that way. No worries. A bit manual, but nothing we can't handle. If your payment failed you should have already gotten an email about it from Kickstarter. The email contains instructions on how to fix your payment. By the way, wow! Remee seems to have exploded in popularity since the end of the Kickstarter. We've been mentioned on and guests on dozens of radio shows around the world, including KTLA in Los Angeles, WKTU in New York, Radio 2UE in Sydney, and CJAD in Montreal. We've also gotten write-ups in The Daily Mail and a bunch of other sites. Very exciting but also very time consuming to have your phone ringing and your inbox filling up quicker than you have time to empty it. We're staying on top of it and on the phone every day with our manufacturers and suppliers making sure everything is on schedule. People have been asking about the surveys. We're working on it, but we want to make absolutely certain they're perfect before sending out. Better to insure we have all the information we need to make sure everyone gets exactly what they want as soon as possible. Due in no small part to the vigilance of you, our backers, we have graduated to Round Two of the William McShane Fund contest , by Buckyballs and Brookstone! The voting has reset to zero for the 6 remaining projects, so if you think Remee is worthy of shelf space at Brookstone, please feel free to vote and share as often as you can! Thank you very much! We'll be back soon with more. Stay lucid! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs "And you can dream, so dream out loud." - Paul Hewson Our Kickstarter has ended! We are absolutely knocked out, floored, flabbergasted at the response, support, and encouragement Remee received on Kickstarter and from places like Reddit. The words simply aren't there. In our final 72 hour push we were able to reach a point even we never envisioned for this phase of Remee. Thank you all! Without you Remee might still be a prototype that never saw the light of day. A couple of issues that are cropping up: I am an international backer and I forgot to add international shipping! Oh no! Fear not. Go to www.sleepwithremee.com and add International Shipping to your cart to make up the difference. I got here with zero seconds to go and now I can't get one, darnit. No worries. We are accepting pre-orders on www.sleepwithremee.com . Be sure to also add International Shipping to your cart if you live outside the United States. Where do I pick my color? I want a Red one! Red! RED! You will receive a survey from us (via Kickstarter) soon - that's when you'll choose your color and enter shipping information. That's all for now! We'll continue to update you with more info, but right now, we're both late for a wedding! Congratulations, Jake and Steph! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs Hello again! Just a quick update to let you good folks know about something rather exciting (to us) happening in the world of Remee. Some kind soul saw their way clear to enter us in the William McShane Fund - a contest being sponsored, in part, by Brookstone . For those of you who aren't familiar with it, Brookstone is a retail store practically bursting at the seams with cool gadgets and other fun stuff. The winner of the contest receives a cash prize and a retail agreement with Brookstone! <url>"All my life I've had one dream; to achieve my many goals." - Homer J. Simpson Two weeks to go! Excitement! Loud noises! We're busy making final-final-final revisions to the flex board, approving the final cut &amp; color of the outer shells, and plugging away at the website, which still sports some clunk with its funk . A few bullet points, or burger dots, if you prefer: First, we'd like to draw your attention to the above image, taken by a brave paparazzo who scaled the electric fence surrounding our fortified compound, wrestled past the guard ferrets, and snapped this picture. This is Remee in the wild, folks! It's not perfectly perfect yet, but it's close enough that we're excited to share this image with you now. Next, we'd like to thank Nitasha Tiku of The Observer , who gamely schlepped to our neck of the woods for a late night sit-down, resulting in this wonderful article about Remee and Lucid Dreaming at large. Side note - we bought a chair! It's a really nice looking chair. It's green and it was on Craigslist and now we have to rock, paper, scissors for who gets to sit in it. Sorry, we're just really excited about the chair . Finally, we want to thank you all, and not for the last time, for being so supportive of Remee throughout this process. We're entering the final push here and we've only come this far because of our amazing backers. If you are so inclined, send tips to sites like Engadget and Gizmodo! Lucid Dreaming is right on the cusp of being a household term. Let's push it over the edge. We'll be back with updates as they happen. Thank you for your continued support! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs In dreams begins responsibility. - William Butler Yeats If you've ever wondered what happens to a big dream when it becomes a big reality in a very short time, then meet us out for coffee sometime - we've got a lot to say on the subject. April has been one of the most engaging and uplifiting (not to mention busiest) months of our lives. The scaling of Remee from a small run of 350 units to ten times that has been interesting to say the least, but not without its challenges. Luckily, all of the news is good! Here's what we've been up to: The Lab has moved from an extra room in Duncan's apartment to a self-contained facility where we can handle assembly, testing, packaging, and shipping at the kind of volume we're looking at now. We're migrating everything over to it now &amp; we'll snap some pics for you as soon as it's ready for prime time. The number of orders has allowed us to upgrade Remee's internals to a single flexible PCB - more durable, more comfortable, and superior in every way to stiff PCB and soldered wires. This sort of thing simply isn't feasible for a smaller project, but thanks to the interest of our wonderful backers, Remee just got better! On that same note, our recent battery tests suggest that Remee's low power design could have him chugging along admirably for a year or so before the tiny, inexpensive coin cell battery needs replacing (something you folks will be able to do on your own quite easily). Speaking of how numbers change the game, have you ever tried to rent a laser engraver to cut 4000 wooden coins and 9000 foam profiles? Bad idea. Our latest dye sublimation samples are on the way. They look GREAT! Space Exploration and Custom backers are going to be thrilled with how these look. We'll snap some high quality pics when they arrive. Speaking of which, Custom backers may want to get a head start on designing their Remee. Here is a link to some templates. When the Kickstarter wraps up you'll receive a survey where you'll enter your shipping information, choose your design, and, in the case of custom masks, supply the artwork you want to be sublimated on to your mask. Finally, if you're so inclined, follow Bitbanger Labs on Facebook. We'll be updating it with more day-to-day stuff and just basically interacting with anyone who is into that kind of thing. Plus, we've got some other stuff planned that we think (hope!) you'll all find intriguing. Pictures of cats always welcome. Next week promises to be high-gear for us, and if everything goes the way we expect it to, we should have an fun piece of news to share by the end of it. Thank you for your continued support, and, as always, stay lucid! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs Greetings, dreamers! Just a quick update. We've been getting loads and loads of questions about our rewards. The most common question is "I want to get a second one for my friend/significant other/pet leopard, what do I do?" With that in mind we've added a few additional reward levels for getting more than one Remee - Two Basics, One Space + One Basic, and One Custom + One Basic. As for us, we're working feverishly with our manufacturing partners, making sure everything is in place to insure everyone gets their Remee as soon as possible. We'll be back with some fun "inside the process" updates as soon as we can. Thank you for your continued support, and stay lucid! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs Remee has taken the world by storm! We continue to be amazed by the response Remee is receiving on Kickstarter and on the web at large. CNET , Mashable , Venturebeat , Digital Trends , and AskMen.com are just a few of the sites abuzz about Remee and Lucid Dreaming... not to mention the incredible response on communities like Facebook, Twitter and Reddit. /r/LucidDreaming, our favorite Lucid Dreaming community on the web, has been particularly supportive both in pledges and in words of encouragement. We owe this to you, dear Backers! With that in mind, we've been getting a lot of requests regarding our pretty-awesome-if-we-do-say-so-ourselves Remee coin. Lots of people have pledged an extra $5 to get a coin with their mask. If you have done this, readjust your pledge! All $5+ backers are getting a coin! Coins for all! A coin in every pocket! Jimmy crack coin, and we care deeply! Stay tuned for forthcoming updates - more options, additional reward levels, and general excitement. And if you have the time and are so inclined, keep spreading the word about Remee... and as always, stay lucid! Duncan &amp; Steve Bitbanger Labs WOW! We went to bed amazed and humbled by the response to Remee... we woke up blown away that we met our funding goal early this morning, just a hair under 13 hours! We're already working hard to get as much lined up as we possibly can before the funding date, so that when it comes, we can speed Remee out to the world. Now that we know Remee is a sure thing we'll also be able to order as many parts as we can on credit which will also speed things up. For those of you who haven't supported Remee, but are interested, the Kickstarter is still your best chance to get Remee as quickly and cheaply as possible. The standard Remee will retail for around $95.00 + shipping, and there will likely be some down time after we get all the Kickstarter rewards out before we work out Remee's retail situation. Thanks again for all of your support!