Salem Backers and Friends, It has now been 5 years since we launched Salem on Kickstarter. Since that time we have published 5 games and sold over 150,000 copies around the world. It is because of you as our original Salem backers that we were able to start making games full time. When pledges started coming in on that first day, it was a moment that truly changed our lives. We will forever be grateful to you as the first people who believed in us! Thank you. From other project updates and email lists we apologize if you have already heard about this, but we wanted to make sure that you are aware that we launched the next volume in the Dark Cities Series on Kickstarter! It is called Bristol 1350 . In Bristol 1350 you will race with your medieval teammates to escape the Black Death, but you must beware of cart mates secretly trying to spread the plague. The game is light strategy and social deduction for 1-9 players. The game includes a 1-player solo mode. The game includes a magnetic book box, 3 cart minis, a rubber playing map, 6 custom apple/rat dice, 9 wood pawns, and 64 cards featuring the amazing artwork from Sarah Keele (illustrator of Salem). We are so happy with how it turned out! We’d love for you to check it out . Kickstarter backers will receive 9 extra Kickstarter-exclusive character cards as well as all the stretch goal upgrades. The campaign already has over 11,000 backers. As you may be aware, since launching the 1st Edition of Salem we have increased the size of the book box and re-named the game "Salem 1692" to fit with the other games in the series. If you back Bristol 1350 we will give original Salem backers a $10 credit in the pledge manager to add on a copy of the new edition of Salem 1692. This will essentially get you a brand new, bigger copy of Salem for $10 (with no extra shipping costs). If you are interested in doing this, just send us a message through Kickstarter or email <email> and we'll be sure to add the credit. Thank you again. We hope you have been enjoying Salem over the last few years and that you are doing well! Thank you, Travis &amp; Holly Backers and Friends, We’re happy to announce that just minutes ago we launched our third game! The game takes place in the old west where you’ll need to work with your team to gather the most gold-filled Safes. But beware, some of your teammates may be plotting to shoot you in the back! We think it will fit right in with Salem :) You can access the campaign here: Deadwood 1876 We’ve also recently re-released Salem as “Salem 1692” to include it in our Dark Cities Series. The newer version comes in a bigger box and has a few updated components, but the gameplay is the same. If you’re interested in upgrading to the newest version of Salem you can add it on at a discounted price in the Deadwood 1876 campaign. As original backers of Salem, if you add Salem 1692 to your pledge just email us at <email> after the campaign and we’ll refund you $5 with Paypal. Again, here is a link to our current campaign: <url>’re interested in the game you can get a discount as an early-bird backer. Here is the link to the project: <url>’ll love Tortuga 1667! Hope you all are having a wonderful start of the year! -Travis &amp; Holly Backers and Friends, We hope that life is treating you well! Since arriving on shelves last year, Salem has now sold over 10,000 copies all over the world! It continues to pick up steam and grow its community of players. All of this was possible because of you, so we thank you once again. We're excited to have you be the very first people to hear of two exciting announcements from Facade Games. 1. We have launched a free Salem Moderator App for iPhone! This app will read the First Night and Night script in place of a Town Crier or Moderator. Right now this app is free to download. Just go to the app store on your iphone and search for "Salem Moderator." Our friend Jonah Ollman was the developer for the app. We hope you enjoy using it if you play Salem over the holidays this year! 2. We are thrilled to announce that our 2nd game, Tortuga 1667, will be launched on Kickstarter on January 18th! You are the first to know! We've been working hard all year play-testing and designing this game. It's pirate-themed, and lets players steal treasure from the Spanish, mutiny against their own captain to take over the ship, and maroon greedy shipmates to the island of Tortuga. Like Salem, it also comes in a faux book box. Here is a sneak peak of the box, and of one of our favorite pirates from the game: We can't wait to launch in 3 weeks! You can stay tuned about the project on our facebook page. Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year to all of you! -Travis &amp; Holly Backers and Friends, It's so exciting for us to finally get Salem into many of your hands! Hearing about your experiences playing the game has been incredibly rewarding. All games have either arrived, or are nearing arrival. Every day we have people getting the game all over the world. If you are still waiting on a game we very much appreciate your patience and we believe that it will arrive soon. Please message me if you have any concerns, or would like a specific update on your package. As you begin playing, we'd love your help in spreading the word and building the Salem community! Here are some ways you can help: 1. Enjoy, and invent. Keep having those game nights! As you learn the subtle strategies of the game, you can share your ideas, tricks, and stories in the Discussion section on our facadegames.com site. One of the stretch goals that you achieved included adding blank blue, green, and tryal cards, as you may have noticed. We'd love to hear your ideas on cards that you invent to make the game even cooler. 2. Leave a review. Many of you have messaged and given great reviews of your first times playing. Help us tell the world by leaving these ratings and reviews on BGG ( <url>"GUILTY" at checkout. If someone you know is of the witching type, Salem makes a great gift. 4. Stay up to date. We'll be posting regularly on our twitter ( <url>"packing parties." -Holly &amp; Travis Backers and Friends, Great news! Salem is on its way! USA Backers: The game has cleared customs in Los Angeles, and is now on its way to our warehouse in Utah. It should arrive here next week on Tuesday or Wednesday, at which time we will ship the games off to you as soon as possible. If you have moved and still haven't updated your address, this is your last chance. Go to salem.backerkit.com and enter your Kickstarter email to take care of that. International Backers: Some of the games have already been shipped from our fulfillment company in Hong Kong! The rest are in the process of being shipped now. Unfortunately, it's now too late to update your address, so you'll have to have the game forwarded if it is going to an old address. You can also check where it's going at salem.backerkit.com . We will keep everyone updated when all shipments have been sent, so that you can be on the lookout for the game. We're thrilled to be meeting our deadline! And we can't wait for you to play Salem! -Travis &amp; Holly P.S. Our company, Facade Games, is currently developing a new game scheduled to launch on Kickstarter in the spring! If you'd like to stay updated on this new game and on Salem, please follow us on twitter ( <url>"white copy" (to check the size and quality of materials), and one of the manufactured books. Hope you're all doing well! -Travis &amp; Holly Backers and Friends, Holly and I hope you have been having a great summer! We've been having a great time adding some finishing touches to Salem and working with our manufacturers to get it made. We also have some great news! One of our two factories is completely done with production. They produced 12,000 Salem faux books and have sent them to our second factory, where the rest of the pieces (already in production) will be assembled into the boxes. You can see a picture here: If you have moved and need to change your address, you can always do so by clicking on the Backerkit link that was sent to your email a couple months back. Just search your inbox for "backerkit" and you should find it. Any add-on orders made through Backerkit were locked down today and charged. As always, message me if you have any questions! We've also been busy putting together the Print and Play version of Salem. Backers who pledged at the $10 level, or who purchased an add-on for the print and play version (there are about 240 of you) can access the files on your Backerkit link. The print and play comes in 5 files that you'll be able to download, print front and back, and cut out. We're excited to hear feedback from the first people to play! We're still looking good for our November delivery date, and we'll continue to keep you informed. Thank you! Travis &amp; Holly Backers and Friends, We've been working hard getting design files formatted and finalized, getting payments worked out, and gathering backer info. Salem is now in the production phase! Production by our two suppliers will take some time, but we're on great track to hit our November delivery date. There are still a handful of backers who have not filled out the Backerkit survey with shipping info. We will send those backers the survey again right now. If it still doesn't come to your inbox, send me a message through Kickstarter, and I'll send your link straight to you. We hope you've been having a great spring! Travis &amp; Holly Hey All, Just a friendly reminder to fill out the survey that was sent out from Backerkit so that we have your shipping addresses and can decide on shipping solutions. We'll send out the survey again to those who haven't filled it out yet. You can also access or re-access your survey by entering your Kickstarter email address at Salem.backerkit.com. If your payment method on Kickstarter had an error, you'll automatically be sent the survey in a few days, once everything is taken care of. Also, wanted to give everyone a heads up about a couple cool projects from friends of ours that are about to end! This one is essentially a noise-making birthday card that never stops playing. Pure genius: <url>“add-ons” (print-and-play, buttons, extra copies of the game, etc). If you’ve decided later that you filled out something wrong in the survey, you can actually go back and change it anytime before I announce the cut off date for changes. If you use your Facebook login for your Kickstarter account, the BackerKit invite will be sent to the email you used for your Facebook account. If you have another email you prefer it to be sent to, please email <email>. It is important that when you receive the survey, you get it back to us as quickly as you can, since our ability to make an order depends on us receiving this information. Please let us, or <email>, know if you have any questions. Thank you! -Travis &amp; Holly Friends and Backers, We've made it! This has been such an exciting 30 days, and we ended up demolishing our goal and raising over $100,000. Thank you for your incredible support and enthusiasm! Now it's time to bring Salem to life! Early next week we will send out a survey to our backers. This survey will be sent through Backerkit, a tool that will help us stay organized. Inside Backerkit you can give us the address you'd like us to send the game to, and select the add-ons you want (buttons, print and play versions) if you pledged above the reward levels. Since each person will be given a unique survey link, you'll be able to edit your shipping address and add-ons up until we ship the games in the late summer or fall. I'll post another update right before we send out the survey next week so that you don't miss it. In 2 weeks, Kickstarter will transfer the raised funds to us so that we will have money to place the orders with our manufacturers. We're excited to keep you updated on Salem's progress! That, my friends, was exhausting! We're shutting down our laptops for the weekend to celebrate. And then it's back to work :) -Travis &amp; Holly Friends and Backers, You've done it again! Now that we've raised $75,000, each deck will include a replacement green and blue playing deck card, each with new artwork from our illustrator. These cards can be used to replace lost/damaged cards, or to invent your own new deck cards. We are now in the home stretch ! Just over 3 days remain in the campaign. Please continue to share Salem with your game-loving friends, so that we can hit our final stretch goal and finish strong! Thank you! -Travis &amp; Holly Backers and Friends, Congrats! We've reached our next stretch goal. Each deck will now include 3 replacement Tryal cards for lost/damaged cards. We'll include a "WITCH" card, as well as two blank Tryal cards. This will let people write in the needed role, or invent their own rotating role. We're really excited about this one, since it will let advanced players experiment with a new rotating role. You can try adding a Spy, an extra Constable, or a completely new role (Town Fool? Juror? Executioner?). We will have a forum on our website that will give people a place to share their favorite inventions. If you invent an amazing new role that we end up using in an expansion, we'll send you the expansion for free, and give you credit for the invention. Our next stretch goal kicks in at $75,000! We only have 7 days left in the campaign , so now is the time to tell your friends who have been procrastinating to order Salem before it's too late! -Travis &amp; Holly Friends and Backers, Congrats ! We've hit $55K and reached our next stretch goal! In each game we will now include 14 small tokens, one of which will say "Kill" and the other which will say "Save." Using these tokens, you will be able to play completely without a Moderator (although you still have the option to use a Moderator). Since these tokens don't use custom shapes, they will not slow down production. We've tested out the tokens and are THRILLED with the way that they simplify Night rounds and add to the suspense, without changing the game. We've already updated the rules on the Kickstarter page to explain how they work. We're also pleased to announce three new stretch goals! If we raise $65,000 : Each deck will include 3 replacement Tryal cards for lost/damaged cards. We'll include a "WITCH" card, as well as two blank cards for people to write in the needed role, or to invent their own rotating role. If we raise $75,000 : Each deck will include a replacement green and blue playing deck card, each with new, unique artwork from our illustrator. These cards can be used to replace lost/damaged cards, or to invent your own new deck cards. I f we raise $85,000 : Each Kickstarter backer will receive an acrylic sticker, exclusively for Kickstarter backers. Stickers can be placed inside of the book box, proving that you were an original Salem backer. We have just over 12 days to go, so make sure that your friends don't miss the boat. As always, thank you for your incredible support! -Travis &amp; Holly Friends &amp; Backers, It's been another great week! This morning we hit $45,000 and reached our 4th stretch goal! Over the next couple of weeks we'll be re-designing the instruction manual and making it even more epic. We'll keep you updated on its progress. This new manual will not delay production. Recently we've had several requests for an add-on for the Print-and-Play version. If you've already ordered a hard copy of the game (pledged $23 or more), you can add the Print-and-Play version by increasing your pledge by exactly $5 and not changing your reward level. Learn more about how to do this in the "Add-Ons" section on the main page. This Print-and-Play version will be sent out in July. Our next stretch goal kicks in at $55,000, so keep up the sharing! Recently we've had some great reviews, and they keep on coming. You can read a few of them by visiting these links: <url>’s not the Salem way to add unnecessary trinkets, tokens, and confusion. That being said, we believe the following stretch goals will indeed stretch us, and will make Salem even more epic. $45,000 --- Re-design of instruction booklet . Holly, who does our graphic design, will turn the instruction book from a basic book of rules into an experience. The booklet might be designed as an old parchment document, or an old newspaper, depending on where Holly's creative mind takes her. We're excited about this stretch goal, and we really feel this will help add to the "immersion" of the whole game. It will also include several "advanced rules" in the back, for players who want to play with some extra challenges. $55,000 --- Moderator App . The app is something we've been thinking about for a while. We feel really good about it, and are excited to create it if we hit $55,000. This simple app will allow all games to be played without a moderator, if so desired. The game will not rely on the app, but the app will be made available to anyone for free. As always, we appreciate your help in spreading the word and making these stretch goals happen. Thank you! -Travis &amp; Holly Our new facebook page: <url>#3! This means that Governor William Phips will now be joining his other friends and enemies in the town of Salem. We'll be releasing information about a new stretch goal soon, so stay posted. In the meantime, 1. Check out this review written about Salem: <url>#2: Hello all, Congratulations! We've passed $15,000 and Martha Corey has now been unlocked! She will be included in each deck. Next goal is $25,000! This will add Governor William Phips to each deck. So keep sharing Salem with your friends, so we can get the first royally-appointed governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony into your hands. In the meantime, our incredible illustrator Sarah Keele has been busy creating Cotton Mather for Stretch Goal #1. We've included the first phase of his creation below, and we think he's perfect! He's a good-looking, sly 29-year-old revivalist, ready to wreak havoc on the poor town of Salem. Thanks for being great! -Travis &amp; Holly Hello Salem Backers, Congrats! We've passed $10,000 and reached the first stretch goal at the beginning of Day 2! This means that in each deck we will now include the extra role card of Cotton Mather, Revivalist. Our illustrator is already at work creating the new character. We'll keep you updated as Cotton is illustrated, designed, and brought to life. Next up: Martha Corey. If we reach $15,000 all backers will also receive her Town Hall card. Please help us reach this goal by sharing our Kickstarter link on Facebook, Reddit, and in the board game community (forums, podcasts, review sites, etc). Thank you everyone! -Travis &amp; Holly Wow, what a night! 14 hours after launching Salem, and we are fully funded! Holly and I are extremely grateful to all of our backers. Thank you for making a dream of ours come true! We are so excited that our game will soon be in homes across the world. Now let's keep moving forward! Once we hit $10,000 in funding, all backers will receive the extra Town Hall card of "Cotton Mather, Revivalist" in their decks. Please continue to share the project with your friends and with the board-gaming community so that we can knock this project out of the park. Thanks again! We are beyond psyched! -Travis &amp; Holly