Dear backers, After much thought, brainstorming, organising and planning, we have decided to launch our very own crowdfunding project for the Scribble Pen at <url>• After years of hard work, we totally believe in this project and the capabilities of the Pen, else we would not have launched the campaign in the first place • After receiving a 24 hour ultimatum from Kickstarter, asking us to abide by arbitrary specifications not known to us upfront, we were concerned about the success of the campaign • Not only was the ultimatum impossible to meet, but they didn't give us an adequate chance to defend either our campaign or our product • By hosting our own crowdfunding campaign, we get to channel all the funds raised toward further development and production of the Pen without having to pay 10% Kickstarter/Amazon fees. We will be offering the Scribble Pen at a fixed price of $149 and the Scribble Stylus at a fixed price of $79. All our backers and subscribers will be emailed with the relevant information. Those of you who backed the Early Bird and Super Early Bird positions will be given special discount codes to reclaim your spots. Based on the amazing response we had from our loyal supporters and backers in meeting and surpassing our project goal in just one day, we know that this campaign will be equally successful! Please tell your friends, school mates, family and business colleagues! Thanks once again for all the support and good wishes. The SCRIBBLE Creators. Dear Backers, We are delighted to announce that we are relaunching the Scribble Pen campaign on the 28th August 2014 We would like to thank you all for your support and good wishes up to now! Don't miss out! The SCRIBBLE Creators. Once again, we would like to thank all our supporters, backers and well wishers for your continued support! After the unforeseen and hectic events of the past few days, we have regrouped, and are now back on track with the Scribble Launch. Our Scribble Invention has been two years in the making, and we are not about to disappoint our thousands of fans. We have every intention of making this project a success. We are shooting a new, more detailed and informative video which will accompany the next launch. We will also be including some of the exciting additional features that we had waiting in the pipeline too! Super Early Bird and Early Bird Spots will be reserved for those backers who got in at those price levels. We will also be adding additional reward levels for artist grade pigment inks and nib set add-ons. Please continue to share our project with your friends, family, school mates and business colleagues. We are going to change the way the world uses color! The SCRIBBLE Creators. Dear Backers, With your amazing support, we reached and surpassed our initial goal within 5 hours. In view of the many requests to better see and understand how the Scribble Pen and Scribble Stylus works, we are currently shooting another video in more depth which will be available sometime next week . However, We received an email from kickstarter dated 08/12/14 requesting a new and more illustrative video within 24 hours, so we had to cancel the project with hopes of restarting it again with a much more detailed video. We fully assure you that there is no reason to panic and our team is doing its very best to come up with a much better and very informative video that will put all your questions and concerns to rest. And as soon as our new video is ready we will re-launch the project. We deeply apologise for any and all inconveniences this may have caused you and kindly ask that you bear with us as we do our very best to make this project a success. We will keep you updated with a re-launch date shortly. Thank you all for your continuous support, pledges and encouragement! WOW! We have reached and far exceeded our Project Goal on the first day with over 1800 backers! Thank you all for your continuous support, pledges and encouragement! We are ecstatic to bring this two year dream to reality. In view of the many requests to better see and understand how the Scribble Pen and Scribble Stylus works, we are currently shooting another video in more depth which will be available within the next week or so. Watch this space for updates! We will also advise all our website subscribers via email as well as post it on our YouTube Channel. Please continue to share our project with your friends, family, school mates and business colleagues, we are going to change the way the world uses color! It is real and happening and we would like to thank everyone for all the support we have had over the past months. Now we need backers to make this dream come true! You can pledge any amount from $5 upwards, every dollar makes the dream more real! You can also order your Scribble Pen or Stylus today to take advantage of our great launch discounts. Watch this space for more news ….