I never receive the gripmat. It's frustrating. I contact you and you send me to contact the gripmat guy. I contact him and never receive answer. I think my money is loose... Hey Chris. Still havent got my gripmat here in Sydney. Should I be worried? @Chris - Thank you for staying on top of this, we appreciate you following up on the Australian deliveries. You'll be pleased to know my copy has arrived. Those are some big boxes :) And I didn't even get "everything". Now all I need is a table, and then I could possibly play ;) Hey All, Im in Perth and just got my boxes :) Some travel displacement but nothing appears broken. Very happy :) Quick question however - in regards to all the Kickstarter Exclusive type items: Is tgere supposed to be a specific box? Ive got the same retail boxes as Terry Chang listed (without the mispack) but it all looks impressively retail. I don't have time right now to open all the boxes and check but hope someone knows? Thanks again Chris, am really looking forward to playing this, it looks great! :) @Terry - I'm in Sydney, NSW. @kris no notification at all, which state you live in? @chris, I just sent the picture to your email. Please let me know if you got it. @Steψhen no it wasn't miniature pack, it's the expansion i am taking photo to send to chris Thanks for the responses. I'll just keep waiting... watching.... @Terry Chang Was the "Ancient Myths and Legends" a miniature pack? I ordered an extra unpainted set to go with the painted set go I guess they were miss packed (I paid to be a game character so was seeking an extra set). This would explain what’s happened. As below, I'm not chasing the extra set and will put it down to “kick starter” troubles that have occurred from time to time. @Adam Taylor From memory, my grip mat arrived around two months or so ago. I got the large four horseman one that was spectacular! @Kris Densley Mine also just turned up out of the blue - there was someone around to collect it so all was good for me. @kris. I didn't get a notification or anything from them. To all those Australians who received their packages - did you get any kind of shipping notification when it left Blue Tongue Games? Just curious as mine hasn't turned up yet (I'm in Sydney) and I haven't got any notification. i got my game, South Australia today. the only complain is same as others, the minis are all out of the inserts. i do have doubts on my pledge, i think i am missing something, can someone confirm a full list of what we should get from the glory seeker?? i receive 1 x core game 2 x Ancient Myths and Legends 1 x The Great Apocalypse 1 x Reign of Terror 1 x Passages and Perils 1 x dice pack 1 x The Great Apocalypse minis 1 x core adventurers minis 1 x Reign of Terror minis 1 x Ancient Myths and Legends minis 1 x core bosses i believe you send 2 packs of Ancient Myths and Legends by mistake and i am missing Atlantis: Mystery of the 13?? any thing else i am missing? Got my game today! Some of the models had fallen out but that's just travel troubles. Can't wait to get the group together to play a game or two. When are we getting the grip mat? My pre-painted version all inclusivee version turned up in Sydney. Happy with what I have received, paint job is pretty good for the money. I was a little disappointed the extra set of 'Ancient Myths and Legends Boss Creature and Adventurer Minis' ordered through the pre-painted Kickstarter did not turn up, I can live this this as I have lots of other minis still to paint. Finally got it! Hi Chris....received a delivery today which had the core box and 2 expansions (Ancient Myths and Legends and The Great Apocalypse) as well as the core adventurers. With my pledge I think I'm missing at least 2 more expansions plus the zombie one and whatever else was added on. Stephen! I say we meet up at your place and have a group game! Great news Steve... Can't wait Delivery guy doubled back and forgot the game box proper. Got my big 10kg packages full of everything properly now all good. Looks like shipping is indeed officially underway for us. I just got a package today here in south east Queensland that contained my Reign of terror, ancient myths and legends, and core bosses painted minis. I don't however have the actual game itself or anything. Those were literally the only things in the shipment. I was doubting a tracking number from them, let's all hope Steve gets his copy today so we have a rough idea how long everyone else will have to wait. Good call Chris, I won't be backing anyone who uses them in the future. I wouldn't bother Todd. They still haven't replied to my email a month ago. They are obviously the worst business ever... Or rude... Either way they suck donkey ballz and need to hurry the hell up. <url>"The best backers in the world." .... I have to say, I agree with this!!! Yes... They don't give us any schedule, or say who is fulfilling the pledges. Just more of the same "When we know, we will send another email." It feels a lot like stalling. You guys need to make this right to the Aus backers. Actual news other than, "We are still waiting to hear from (Insert different AU distributor 'GTG/Ship Naked/Blue tongue games' every time)" would be great. Who is actually distributing and what is their schedule? We should know this by now Chris. I'm sorry but this is getting ridiculous now... It may be time to get on a plane. Even New Zealand backers had theirs as of the 16th of LAST MONTH. There is 3 days to go in the 2nd Kickstarter after the rest of the world got theirs... After this I'm not even considering backing it. Not really feeling like, "The best backers in the world." Another week and still nothing in Australia. Phew! I got through everything. It looks like I had all the bits. The only issues were the Perseus companion confusion, and the fact that many of the cards don't have the appropriate expansion symbols in their lower right corners. I even managed to fit everything, miniatures included in the main game box. Of course, that box now weighs 50 lbs! (well, I had all the bits besides the missing minis, but Chris sent replacements for those months ago. Great customer service!) Ha! I found the "Avatar of Perseus" card. It's part of Expansion 1. So Tile Pack 2 assumes you own Expansion 1? It only says it requires the Core game... I found a component checklist (had saved the URL though I have no idea where I found that in the first place). It does mention the "missing" item cards. However, what's the story with the "Avatar of Perseus Companion Card" that Medusa's Meridian setup mentions. There's no sign of that card and no mention of it in the FAQ or component list. *something* being "avatar" or the like. Just don't have the rules in front of me atm. Thanks Chris. I'd seen that. An update from a while ago mentioned your website and there's a place for the FAQ there. I'd assumed it had been updated. In any case, you might want to update your site to include the link and Google Doc. Also... ... ... I'm finally inventorying all the game components. Yeah... haven't delved into much of the expansion content quite yet. I've notice that I'm missing some things. So far in the Atlantis Tile Expansion, I only have 1 item card, and it lists 3. I have a single "A.R.M 2" card...which incidentally does not have the triangle expansion symbol on it; it's the only card that doesn't. Also, the Medusa scenario setup says to set aside the "*something* of Perseus companion card". I don't have that companion card. It is one of the missing "item" cards? Thanks, Dan Is there a FAQ or Errata? I just checked the website and that portion is empty. So i cant beat someone up? The games got 'pushed through customs' on the 4th November, It's now the 23rd... Please give us some news Chris. Is there somwhere I can just go pick it up in Sydney? Do you need me to go beat somone up to release them? to be honest guys, will you back from EEG again when they have so much troubles delivering our AU backers? Chris. Any more updates from Shipnaked? It's been over a week now... I'm sure us Australian backers would love to back the new kickstarter if we had played the base game... Still nothing in Australia That's great news! I can't wait to get my hands onto it and introduce it to my gaming group! Any update regarding Australia..? This is Shadows of Brimstone levels of ridiculousness all over again. Sigh. I don't want to sound impatient or rude, but have you received any information from FedEx? It's almost been a month, I just wanted to make sure the boat wasn't eaten by Herathulhu xD Nice game. Rules are a bit ambiguous in places but overall worth additional plays. I do take exception to your 'includes all stretch goals' (except for the ones that state a minimal pledge level...). Haven't found another developer that caveats 'all stretch goals' before. I'll be more careful in the future. Just a quick question, since you are using ship naked to get the games to Australia, will we still get an email once they get to shore here? Whats the ETA to Australia? I need to get an idea because it's getting shipped to my parents address and they may be away... Still nada here in Sydney, Australia... It can't be far from us then! I can't wait :) Steve and Todd It's here! And it's all present and correct and it's beautiful. Well done guys. Sam I'm in New Zealand and have not seen this yet. I'll continue being nice and I was pleased to receive a tracking number, but it doesn't work. Well the email last Monday said about two weeks for the games to hit Australia, then they will be sent to us. I'm guessing about another week next Monday and most of us should have our games and adventured into the tomb :) Anyone in Australia received theirs yet. Nothing in Brisbane received for me yet. Still nothing in Switzerland... The only thing I learnt so far is that You have a very strange definition of "soon"... Promises, promises, promises but no game... and now a new campaign! I am VERY disappointed. When will the game finally arrive in Switzerland (and please don't answer "soon")? Nothing here in Brisbane Australia yet! Starting to paint my Zombies. Since I suck at painting, I thought I'd start with them and the monsters since they can look terrible and not matter...since they are monsters. At the end of the day...some paint is better than no paint. Alright i will come back for that. Just finished unboxing all the goodies. Excellent quality through out. Everything counted for except for 1 swarm token which i think fell off during packaging but im not bothered by that. The hard part now would be reading the rules and getting ready to play the game for the first time XD @Chris will the current Elite missions be available on the next expansion KS? I rather backed a bigger KS to save on shipping cost since i already got the glory seeker (im picking it up this afternoon @ Fed EX btw) Yeah.. still nothing in Australia yet.. Now they've launched a new kickstarter and expect us to back sight unseen on an 'expansion' without even having experience with the base game as of yet? What the? Shouldn't they, you know, wait until everyone has actually had a chance to play this first before jumping the gun? Cheers Chris. As always, super speedy response. Cheers mate Thanks Chris. I know I will. When will we get a tracking notice? Still no tracking notice here for Sydney, Australia. Disappointing that the exapnsion is live before the original backers even have the game. Can't back it till I've played it... Still no tracking notice here for Sydney, Australia. Disappointing that the exapnsion is live before the original backers even have the game. Can't back it till I've played it... It looks as though people here have begun receiving their games but when I check out my pledge it still says "The survey for this reward hasn't been sent by Everything Epic Games yet.". Have I missed anything? @Chris - Yeah I did email you but never finished our conversation. I remember looking at the final checklist you published but totally forgot about doing the checking. I don't know how I forgot all this stuff. Maybe alien abduction? Anyway, I'll get on that and write you. FYI, for those who got Glory Seeker, or multiple expansions: If you take the main box insert, cut out the bottom part, and glue or staple the 2 "boxes" and flip them upside down, they make the perfect fit for 3 compartment box storage. i have everything except my minis sorted in the main box. See picture below: <url>� Just got a HUUUUUGE Package here in the UK. Full of tomb delving game gear. Thanks so much guys! Meant to add received in the UK 22.2lb parcel reportedly delivered according to FedEx email and wife. Damn it working and not getting home till late! 14th Sept. 2015 : Received in Paris (France) guess what FedEx Canada dropped off today? Glory Seaker! <url>"books"... soooo I lost the overview XD hope received everything, cannot tell :D Just got the package! Are the painted miniatures sent in a seperate shipment or what is the trick? Arrived in Germany today. Parcel was ripped and battered, but everything inside looks fine. Thank you! :) Arrived in the UK today, now to open and check all the cool stuff! :) Swarm tokens on 3/3 apocalypse aren't cut. Shouldn't be an issue but thought I'd mention. @spetz yes I am in the same mind, I will check later but I dont see the adventure packs unless theyre in the core box somewhere Received in the UK today. Will need to check everything is in the box. Hello All, Finally get my copy in France!! My question is, I have no idea what i'm supposed to get with the Fortune Hunter pledge level... from the initial description during the campain, it says i have "All 4 adventure pack". but it seems that things have been re arranged and that packs no longer exists... I actually recieved: The Core Game, 12 minis, Ancien Myths and Legends Box and The Great Apocalypse Box. Does that sounds ok with my pledge??? no idea... Thanks in advance!! and let's get it on the table! Mathias :D Well, the package did seem to successfully cross the Atlantic! It's now only an hour's drive away :) @Yani As long as Tom Hanks isn't on that plane, there's a good chance they will meet that date. I got my tracking number and my expected delivery date is next tuesday. I live in Finland, but according to FedEx tracking my package had just departed from Memphis,TN... I wonder if it is going to catch a plane or..? Well FedEx just sent a tracking notification arriving Wednesday here in the UK. Just a bit excited now! Well, speak of the Devil....it crossed the border today. Expected delivery Tuesday. Assuming it is SOTL as it is 18.6 lbs.... Any word on Canadian shipments? Game was in a box about twice as big as required wrapped in a thin piece of bubble wrap. The components seem to survive but the box itself was split at every corner. Disappointing. The five cents worth of bubble wrap was ill spent. The components themselves where actually higher quality than I was expecting. Nothing here received in Australia yet. off for 2 weeks vacation i hope they dont deliver when im not home and send it back to US I'd like to know if all the orders actually did leave the US warehouse two weeks ago monday? I can handle the wait better if I know that my game is, indeed, closing the distance to my doorstep :) I understood that all the orders were shipping in about a week ... still waiting and are passed more than a single week... what an illusion... Sincerely I can't understand why eu backers are always the last in the line ... Meant top left. The strength, knowledge, ....symbols. Finally got to try the game out tonight. A couple of things... The treasure chest cards were all miss cut. The small symbol in the top right is cut in half. There is no mini for the bootleg Roosevelt? I'm colorblind. Being able to see reds and greens are a pain. Wish the cards had symbols. Same with the search token. Otherwise we loved the game! Where can I order expansions? @Chris, While opening/inventorying the main box, I've discovered that I am missing component sheet #3, and instead received two copies of sheet #4. Thanks, David When is the game going to show up? I have the miniatures but have yet to receive my game. If there is a problem, please let me know. I feel it necessary to express how I feel about waiting via a classing music video....#waitingincanada #notrackingnumber <url>"U" with a Line through it. In my game, those five symbols shifted one sign to the right. Is this just me and I should request replacements, or is this happening to everyone? Finally got through every box and inventoried it all. I'll email all my issues to Chris but the highlights... - Missing extra dice pack - Missing Helga mini and have two Maghilder. There are two large but missing bits of evidence which lead me to this conclusion. - Missing some cards here and there. Not sure if the card counts in the manuals/sell sheet are incorrect or not. Hope there is a master list of cards by name. the zombie exclusive content wasn't supposed to be Exclusive ?? If I can remember the early backer from first KS should receive also the pack of minis unlocked Or Am I wrong ? I pledged for tomb Raider in the first Ks... If I remember right I did select the Apocalypse four Horsemen adventure and Man of bad Intentions ... what exactly What am I going to receive exaclty?? and when....Thanks for your answer guys . still no tracking number here in rome ... Good news everybody! Received my box! The shipping box was mangled pretty badly, with bends and tears and holes ...even the shipping tape had completely disappeared off the top (the PO slapped some half-hearted piece of white...something...that was barely adhesive)...but most of the contents inside survived just fine inside their bubble wrap! Big WHEW! Almost all of the miniatures "shifted in flight"...maybe 30% of them remained in their plastic beds...but most of them came out of their box unmarred! QUESTION: If they're pre-painted, can I still use the Hot Water Method to adjust those that did get a little bent? (Three of the Horsemen are...pretty floppy. Death got lucky with that heavy cloak bolstering him!) The dice are great! The cards and character sheets are all thick and perfect! (Still counting them all.) The cardboard tiles and bits are all shiny and perfect! The plastic A.R.M. hinges are...wow, rough as hell. Gonna have to take an X-acto blade and file to quite a few of them. (But it wouldn't be too hard to locate a pile of them online if need be.) Chris, I am missing one big thing, and I think maybe a couple of teeny things, but I'll shoot you an e-mail once I narrow down a final list. This is Ameritrash at its finest: piles and piles of STUFF!!! LOVE IT!!! Solid work, Everything Epic! #waitinginCanada #notracking I got my glory seeker package in today. All of the boxes were there and in good shape. I would say most of the minis came out pretty good for the paint job. A few looked like they were rushed (faminie in particular). Death looks to be one of the best. I can't wait to play this! Chris, Wow what a great looking game! You and your group have done a great job! Well worth the wait! I was very surprised with the size and weight of the game! Thanks! Roy Any news about the fulfillment for us european backers? Any news about the fulfillment for us european backers? No the loose rule books are correct the ones in the game box have swapped covers. Chris - See? I missed a key update. :-) Thanks for responding!! Got mine yesterday also it all looks great! Got mine yesterday. The shipping box was kind of loosely taped up, but it arrived in good shape, and the contents were perfect. I had no idea the game box was going to be so big! I'll have to rearrange my shelves to store it. I haven't had a chance to do more than just glance through the contents, but everything looks good so far. Finally got around to unpacking the huge shipping box. Initial thoughts... - Wow, I'm gonna have to have a SotLT shelf. - The boxes are all really nice. - The two rule books were loose in the box so they ended up with one corner smushed. - The two rule books, according to a note in box, are already in error with swapped covers. I can't believe that. This was the BIG thing we waited for and... well, I'll shut up. - My Great Apoc Minis all came out of their little holes and are in a mass in the bottom of their box. No damage I can tell but just passing along. - I assume we put all the minis in their appropriate expansion boxes? --------------------------------------------------- Nothing really earth shattering there. But I think I am missing the small dice box. Is it inside one of the other boxes or was it a separate loose box? Next up is ripping off shrink and going box by box checking them out. It sounds like the game was too epic for the boxes. Got mine. Battered and beaten outer box hiding decent innards with one exception, the minis looked almost manged in their boxes. I opened a few boxes and the bases were bent strange directions but, with the softer plastic, they actually appear to be quite simple to fix. I am very happy with everything and hope to bring this to the table shortly. Jake I was a Tomb Raider pledge and I seem to be missing the Zombie Apocalypse adventure. Or did I miss a key update? @David - Yep, that looks familiar. @David - Mine looks almost identical to your pics. Still haven't jumped in to look. Got busy. So that I am not just complaining about it, here us a url to my my google photo album showing the box as it came. Note: The box top was completely open. I had to do nothing to open it other than just lift it, Note that the tape on one side was stuck to the lid itself. On the other side it was stuck to itself. <url>"tighter". Thus the damage, torn corners, etc. Since the box had pretty sizable holes in it, the dice pack could have easily fallen out as it was just tossed in and not wrapped (may explain missing dice boxes). That being said, the inner contents were well wrapped. Suggestion to EEG: Fire the guys that boxed this stuff up or otherwise never use them again. Just got my box. Box is beat up AND OPEN. After all this wait its gonna be a big mess. Why? Because that is my luck. My ire and blood pressure is up now so I may as well take a look in the box. I'll update in a few ... unless I explode. Ah, I see others saying their boxes are open. Maybe your shippers need to use a proper amount of tape. They tried to hold my huge box together with tape that only went an inch over the sides. I printed out your product summary sheet and it looks like I got everything.... It's here! One Problem though: The shipping box arrived open and damaged. Everything looks like it is there but is there supposed to be a packing slip enclosed or do I just use the update that you posed recently to check? I'll have to check out that tackle box. I need a storage solution for the minis. I have a small tool storage box I was using for my Battlelore minis, so it should work fine for now. Mine was supposed to arrive Friday but it came today so 3 days early. I want to echo Matt Smith below. I got my tracking number from FedEx and it said St Louis to LAX is 7 days. I had no idea that FedEx had planes that went that slow :D In all seriousness, I am looking forward to getting this. It has been a long time coming and I am ready to go. Any suggestions from anyone on how to effectively store everything? (I have a similar problem with Zombicide and the numerous expansions!) Got my stuff today. As reported by others the outside box was torn and battered, but the contents were fine. I actually like the puzzle cut. It works and holds tiles together just fine for game-play. If there is one little gripe, it would have to be the softness of the minis and the need to straighten out bent weapons. Not a biggy, though. Next step is to start playing with the standees while the minis get painted. Great job, Epic dudes! How can it take six days for my box to get from St. Louis to Detroit? Six days!?! I once drove from St. Louis to Detroit in 10 hours. I think they put my box on a canoe, and a kid is paddling it up the Mississippi river. :) It arrived! The outside box was a little beat up but nothing on the inside was damaged. I'm kinda worried it's to much lol! I feel like I don't know where to begin. Ha, yeah, I've played Betrayal. And Hybrid. So long as you've got flat tiles they stay put! And the gap can't be closed at all on these... There's always a little pinprick of table underneath. I actually worry more about the tiles being damaged in transit due to the shifty nature, too. Flat tiles are easy to store, puzzle tiles I usually lock together for storage. I've already had issues with these, where one stack shifts slightly and causes the whole pile to rest its weight on another tile's edge (because they shift). That causes warping pretty quick, if left unattended. Anyway, by design it is! The tiles are nicely cut, at least. By the way, I'm happy to report everything fits nicely into the box, or rather, in two expansion boxes inside the big box. It's tight and bows the big guy out a little, but it's nice to do. If you want safety for the minis, or to paint them, though, you'll likely have to go foamcore insert or external storage. And a GMT counter tray holds ALL the counters, too. Got everything today. Gotta say, only a single misalignment... it was on the dials though, so every one of them is lopsided. :p Also completely unimpressed by the puzzle cut. Tiles kind of flop around next to each other. They don't lock in at all... though it does mean less damage to the cuts, they could have been square for all the good they do. But hey, the minis look better than expected and the gameplay looks fun. Ha. In italy i have no tracking, at the end of tuesday Are US shipments still going out? Since I didn't back at Glory Seeker level I am assuming based on the comparison that I will be getting two of the three Adventure expansion packs and the core game mini's (basically at Fortune Hunter level, I upgraded from Tomb Raider to Fortune Hunter after the kickstarter through backerkit if I recall) Is this correct? Also since I know if i like this game I will want everything eventually how soon is this product going to be available for purchase through your online store.I know I will want more dice and more tiles and yes I realize I should have gone full ouit as a Glory Seeker..now. After going through all the boxes yesterday only had one issue with a misprint in the Core box. On sheet 5 (if I remember correctly) the lowest of the swarm counters was not printed though it was cut. Can send pictures if needed. Also thanks for the extra swarm counters in the Ancient Myths and Legends Expansion Pack although it took me a bit to figure out I wasn't missing another set, that they were reprints as the counters at the tops of the other card stock sheets hadn't been cut. Otherwise everything arrived in great shape, even the miniatures which is where I have experienced issues in the past. As a suggestion for future runs of the game, if possible make the base portion of the A.R.M. overlays in plastic, the dials could remain card board and still attached via the plastic plugs. I see breakage of the card stock overlays possibly being an issue along the bottom arm where the Courage is tracked. Again thanks for a great game. Ah i see so it will be at least 2 more weeks before EU will receive the goodies. Im hoping it will arrive before im off for vacation So Monday it will leave France and be on the way to EU backers? Thanks for the info btw So EU are not shipped yet? Got my big box of games yesterday!! � Can't wait to sit down and play. Just got mine yesterday !!! Still waiting patiently for a tracking number or for the game to just show up. so I know it is not alphabetical. Thanks for getting back to me so quickly. Looks like everything's here! Unholy giant box of gaming goodness. Guess what just arrived today?!? Yay! My package was delivered with a hole in the side of it. I would like to check against the spread sheet on the front page, clicking on it sends me to Facebook with a "Sorry, this content isn't available right now" message. Any chance for an update with a similar spread sheet that's updated with the current names on the boxes being sent out (so I don't have to try and figure out if say the "Journey to the Tomb" pack is in the "Passages & Perils" or the "Atlantis: Mystery of the 13" box)? I think my package lost weight. The packaging from GTG was inadequate. I hope everything is here. Does that mean the package gets a curse of the tomb trait? You have to roll a 4, 5 or 6 to open the package? @Jeffery McCulloch: You better check your package for a free-loading rat swarm. ;) What the ... my package arrived at Fedex in Dallas at 18.6 pounds. By the time it got to Fedex Houston it weighed 22.3 pounds. Odd. I got my tracking number! It was just sent to my old email address, the one I used when I first backed this project. Oh well. It says it should arrive on 8/29. That day will be epic. @Adam H: Yeah, it doesn't look like they're going in alphabetical order, either but first or last name. Wait!!! I checked my email again and the tracking number just showed up! Huzzah! Just got mine. Anyone looking for theirs, keep your eyes out for an email from <email>. Email may come across as generic.....but the info contained is like gold. Can't wait for my shipment to arrive!! 18.6 pounds of gaming goodness is less than 200 miles away and moving in my direction. Maybe tomorrow. I don't know about the alphabetical thing. I did not get one yet, and my last name starts with H. @Jeffery McCulloch: Good to see they're at least to the M's. Still a long way from me, though. Got tracking number here in Texas. Got my number a few hours ago and wow box is over 18lb according to fedex that is insane for board game even with minis. Shipping must of cost a fortune. I have happiness. I have a tracking number. Tracking number is a go! @Corey (First names or last? :D ) - Thank you for the information. I appreciate it.. @EEG/Chris, Thanks for the update on the current standing of the remaining shipments. I am beginning to experience great sadness. Three Kickstarters I’ve supported are all shipping and I haven’t received a single tracking number… *snirk* *sniff* *BOOHOOHOO* No one loves me.... :-( @Christoper Muzatko According to Everything Epic Games, the fulfillment center is shipping based on alphabetical order for our names. We should be receiving tracking numbers in this order too. I am still patiently waiting for my tracking number. From trackingupdates@fedex. Sender is gtg. 18.6 lbs!!! Gaides, etc. > what email address did the tracking come from? - I still haven't received one (that I can find in my email) It was mentioned that they would be shipping no later than last Monday. - Still very much looking forward to this game! - I am also in the full painted minis pledge. Maybe that delayed it a bit? *Sits on the porch waiting for my package* I need a tracking number for my missing tracking number. Argh... Where is that tracking number?!? So... Close... Got my tracking Oh my... I may get the game late September in EU. :/ Anyone get a shipping notice yet? Adam, I think the last update said shipping will "begin" by 17th so unlikely to be received by us on the 17th. Here's hoping though. Just to confirm for shipping. Should all copies be shipped by the 17th or should they begin fulfilling by the 17th? Just got the update and email that this should be shipping out by 8/17! I just so happen to be off from work next Thursday and Friday. Coincidence? Well, actually it is just a happy coincidence, but I'll TAKE it! @ EEG. Can't wait to get the game to my table. While re-reading the rules, I was struck by a lot of the changes that have been introduced to the game since the original Kickstarter and rules book. You've changed the game from the original scenario cards and objectives to a scenario book. You've completely replaced the search mechanic to a semi-regular pacing mechanic. You've added the soul monger. I'm curious as to if you'll ever get around to doing a post-mortem of the game and describe some of the challenges and goals that you faced and tried to achieve. Looking at the rules and the scenario in the challenge, you've obviously pushed to maximize the story elements of the game. I think it would be a fascinating article for the EEG Blog or topic for a podcast. I watched Gen Con videos with your booth included and you guys were rock solid explaining the game. You've done an amazing job showing the SOLT and expansions!! Can't wait to play it. Can you tell me the total amount of cards that from all the boxes? I need to plan how many sleeves pack i'll need. Looks like I will be getting this before my GripMats. Before I was joking....looks like I was prophetic!. C'est la vie. CANT WAIT ... CANT WAIT .... CANT WAIT Everything looked sooooo good at the booth !! @Everything Epic I kind of miss spoke with the games being FOR SALE ( I knew it was just a pre-order)... (blame it on the I phone quick text thing) What I meant was it was just wishful thinking on my part that you had the games there so I could actually pick one up :) I went to the booth every day at GenCon and I was floored by the quality of the components. The miniatures are simply amazing! Much better than I expected. The card quality is very good and both sizes are standard so getting sleeves should not be an issue. I was probably impressed by the expansions as much as anything. They are in sturdy boxes and are heavy for their size. Can't wait to get a look inside. It really looks like the wait will be well worth it. I have to echo the comments on the booth. Easily the best looking in the entire room. How much is my Glory Seeker stuff going to weigh again? It looks like I'm going to have to get a storage solution for this game by itself! I guess you really weren't joking about the size.....I don't suppose all the expansions are going to fit into the core box. OMG I'm salivating! The extra huge box of goodies can't come soon enough! I am watching the videos from GenCon about SotLT and I have to say that the game looks AMAZING! After this long wait, my initial excitement about the campaign was tempered somewhat, but seeing these videos has really gotten the juices flowing again. I cannot wait to play this. There is so much content there. The tiles look fantastic. What are the GenCon exclusive playable characters you gave out? And what's with the piece of an actual meteor inside a tiny bottle? SotLT being sold at GenCon? Anyone onsite at the con mind giving us a review or first impressions of the final product? I'm on tenterhooks waiting for more info and can't wait to see how it looks or more importantly plays. Looks awesome by the way! Bah, get a booth for Essen! Then I'd be more than happy to stop by :) Oh well, maybe another time... :) Hopefully I can make it to GenCon next year. looks like you guys are having a great time there. The booth looks incredible by the way. It's August! Tension building! Checked out the booth at gen con ... Looks awesome But considering they are being sold at the convention I wish they would have offered a 'gen-con pickup option' Excellent news, thanks for the update When are deliveries expected to start in the UK? Did this ever get on a boat? I can't wait!! Well although there are delays (like all kickstarter projects) at least we do get constant feedback from Epic ... thanks for that ... cant wait for the game!! Will the base game be shipped with all of the add-ons, or will they come 'some time in the future'? On the boat today as guaranteed? If you are able to get copies for Gen Con, would it be possible to allow backers to pick the game up there? Forget getting it before Gencon. Now its August. Chris, thanks for the update, can't wait Man, delivery timing is going to be tight. I'm leaving town on August 5th for a 5-day reunion/convention, where we'll be playing board games most evenings. I really hope to have SotLT in hand by then. I know things are totally out of EEG's hands right now, but it's going to be really close! Hi guys, any update for us? No problem. Production concerns should come first. Thanks for keeping me up to date! Yes, I am using sleeves. I plan to play this game for a long time and I want to keep it as pristine as possible. I will be at Origins and may buy the sleeves there if I can get a good price. I am a Glory Seeker so I know I am going to need a LOT of them. Any word yet on card sizes? Thanks! Simple question; Is there going to be another email blast to get out updated addresses? I'm sure a few of us have moved since the game was backed. This is my first kickstarter that is that late and to be honest I'm not that thrilled about that part. But if they want to make sure the game looks great and thats why there are delays, I'd rather have a great game that is late, than a poor quality game that is on time. And it looks like they were a bit overwhelmed with the campaign and everything. But at least they are very active here and always answering question, that helps a lot. Even though I bought many games last year, too, Allesandro, I don't see how this is relevant, I would've bought them anyway :) I don't think the graphic is poor from what I've seen and I want to see the miniatures myself before commenting on that. The prepainted ones weren't that great from the picture, but for what they cost they are reasonable well done. So yes, I'm really excited (again!) about the game and hope it holds up to my expectations. I must admit to being a little surprised about the 1 year late comments. I've been part of some KS which funded over 2 years ago and there is no light in sight and they were no where near the quality and quantity of this game. As said previously quality is worth waiting for and this wait is almost over. Keep up the great work. two things that disappointing me most are 1. one year late, the graphic is still poor 2. one year late, the miniature is very disappointed @Alessandro, I hear you but, in all honesty; I knew this one would be late as it completely blew up with extra content. While I'd have loved to have been playing it, I do say that the rules have me stoked for the final product. Stay Epic, my Friends! One year late!!!! In this time i have bought many other games!!!!!�� @Chris, with it being almost a month since last update is there any new info about production? Still on track to have the copies shipping mid June? Want to make sure my gaming group is ready to do some serious tomb diving once it arrives. @omicron, thanks for the warning, hopefully the gripmats will arrive before or with the game. Please make sure you check the GripMats if you were sent any, Chaosmos Kickstarter got theirs and the majority of them had scratches/defects. I backed both GripMat and Chaosmos, but I really don't want you guys to get sub par stuff. To be honest, the bulk of the rulebook is perfectly fine with a few little questions and niggles. I'm satisfied that I'd be able to play a game with only two questions regarding the stairs of blood being heroes only and if Flyers can enter the Pharaoh's hall from the Mongol's hall. Based on the rulebook, I'd say probably only boss monsters can make the trip from the Mongol's hall to the Pharaoh's hall and the Stairs of Blood act as an escape mechanism to the first floor and monsters can't follow. Again, I'm just putting out the initial thoughts for a .9 FAQ that jumped into my head on reading the rules. When the game is in my hands, I'm sure to have a great time with playing it. I've been teasing them about the "greatest rulebook in the history of rulebooks after all this delay" and the "gold standard rulebook" since early Dec 2014. Still having editing/content issues 5 months later makes me nervous. Not sure where you might want the rulebook queries and notes to be posted. Are you going to put out a post mortem that explains some of the changes made in the past year during the refinement and production? Searching has obviously changed the quite a bit from the initial kickstarter. Was this done to keep the number of tokens on the board down? Audacity tokens were also removed for being placed on a dial. Again, to keep down the punchouts? Now a few rule questions and notes: As you state that monsters on level 3 can't move to the 2nd level, except for bosses and or flyers. Does this mean that bosses can move to any of the 3 rooms that "connect" to the Mongol hall regardless of whether ropes have been setup (Mine shaft, Pit trap, and Pharoh's hall) for choosing paths? Can Flyers enter the Pharoh's Hall or is that blocked off from them? Finally, just a quick note that the stairs of blood are a one way trip to the sacrificial chamber, can bosses or any other creature use them or will they provide a quick escape from any monsters for heroes? On the character sheet diagram, you have St. George with all his stats but, the starting block states he should have a -1 starting courage rather than the +1 he has. I assume +1 is correct or the diagram is wrong. Here's a bit of a garbled paragraph about rooms in the rules. I believe the sentence should be ...you will immediately search for the Sacrificial Chamber Room tile and place it on level 1 Stairs of Blood reads: “Adjacent to Sacrificial Chamber; if not yet explored, search for and place on Level 1.” If, when you explore Stairs of Blood, the Sacrificial Chamber is not in play, you would immediately search for Stairs of Blood Room tile and place it on Level 1. Page 30 under Capture the Grail variant. "For our recommended setup, see the figure below" No figure attached. A few lines later, "If you have an Expansion packs (see page 30) when you meant 31. That wasn't too big, since it's the facing page. The latest update states "Regarding production, according to our manufacturer, we have about 30-45 days for printing and then 3-4 weeks for shipping! Then games will be in the mail and out to you!". The inference from that could be that mailing will start anywhere from just over 7 weeks, to at least 13 weeks (potentially significantly longer depending on what the "then" bits mean in that quote). Rather than leaving us to infer our own date, could EEG please share their updated estimated date for when the game will be mailed to backers? Really these are The minis of The game? They don't like me, i paint better. And i'm not a profy. Update time!?! Soooo, rulebook posted somewhere now? Well, as the files are pretty much done; any chance of getting a draft of the final rules in low-res .pdf on BGG for perusal? Not to make changes to the document, it's surely set in stone; but we'll be able to knock out the 0.9 FAQ before the game ships! :D As one of those lucky enough to have been one of the proof readers I can say with complete honesty the wait will be worth it. Thanks for the update, awesome news! Can't wait to get my hand on the game! Looking forward to it! Keep up with the great work EEG! Sorry to hear about the brightness issues. Still good thing you're staying on top of these issues and I look forward to the new images. After getting a chance to be part of the proofing and seeing how much this game evolved since the initial KS I cannot wait till I get this in my hands. I have many games in my collection that I picked up at my local game store and do not have half of the amount of detail or thought put into them as SotLT. For everyone who can make it till they get the game I can't imagine how you could be disappointed. It sounds like we are in the home stretch and the wait won't be much longer. Everything Epic including the wait! lol Don't forget the gold standard rulebook :) So about the 12 boxes... will all of those fit into the big box or will it be taking up 12 box spaces on shelf? Just curious. After very long time i wait a masterpiece!!! Excellent news. Thanks for the prompt reply. Can't wait. Hey, how's the timeline looking? Any news? I don't think they know when they will hit the print button let alone ship. Some news for us? Have you fix The delivery date? Thanks for the quick response ... cant wait !! Hi, Im Tony ... ya know, one of the best backers in the world ... Since we are coming up n the prestige's 'one year late anniversary' standard with all kickstarters now ... Any firm timeline yet ??? Now that our games are being produced I would like to make sure the we get one with the character we supported with our $400 pledge. Is this your plan? I am excited to see the game and playing it. Good luck with the finishing production. Rebecca Stopped by looking for the Secrets of the Lost Campaign but found nothing as usual. Is this thing ever going to print? What are the size of the cards so I can stockpile enough sleeves? But will be The espansions avalable on shop after The kickstarter delivery or not?? I dont mind few updates since Chris so active on the comments section i just scroll down and check out that works on the game is still steadily progressing along. Keep up the good work guys. Some news? Pics? Update? Just reread my last comment and it sounds way harsher than intended. I love the fact that you guys are so active here and I wouldn't bother to write a comment here if I weren't really looking forward to the game. So Jake put it in much better words than I did apparently. I blame poor english skills! I really don't mind delays if they are well justified and means we are getting better material, less mistakes, etc. Just at least a quick line here is always appreciated, specially when you announce something and suddenly everything goes quiet. Give us some mini update here, no problem at all :) So, really looking forward to the game and can't wait to have it. Chris, I appreciate you are sometimes in a difficult position, between trying to keep up the spirits of the community and trying to keep up with the demanding process of proofing the game. Thanks for your efforts in staying so active on this board and keeping on top of every request for information that pops up. While substantive information is appreciated in the updates, if you promise an update; at least post here with some information (such as Nice art and more info about status is going to delay my planned update. Please stay tuned....) While 99% of your fans and backers will understand where you are, stating you'll be providing info and then not, such as the post from last Friday; is a touch frustrating. Right now, you still have my goodwill and full anticipation for the final project. You've seemingly melded the best of games I've enjoyed into a much more satisfying game and I look forward to your latest update. Thanks again. Jake That is good to know. But still, it would just feel nicer and to be quite honest, more professional, if you wouldn't keep saying: yes, lol, nearly there, will do an update this weekend (like it happened more than once now) and just don't do one. I'd love to be kept in the loop, I still really like everything I see about this game very much and don't regret joining in! But keep us more in the loop about what's happening, specially since this project will be (at least) a year late and I'm not sure if you'll make... what was the latest projected delivery date? april, may? Just be honest and tell us how things go and where you are. I also really do not want an inferior game, I'd rather wait and get the great game I hope this will turn out to be. So you have my full support as long as I know whats going on and why there are delays and whats causing them. I'm happy to wait a little longer for a great experience. In the past 2 months I got 2 KS games and Star Wars: Imperial Assault delivered. So I've been splitting my gaming time between those 3. I for one am happy to wait longer for something that I can play out of the box. Too many nightmares with incomplete or just plain bad rules or bad editing on components. As one of those privileged to have been given the opportunity to proof read the cards and rule books I can say I completed them all and sent lots of info back. The game will be excellent, the artwork is fantastic just waiting to receive the scenarios to proofread now. My recommendation as a backer is to keep the faith. This will be worth the wait and I'm in the UK so will be waiting a bit longer! The weekend is over... no update... previous statement was proofing to be complete in DECEMBER... proofing hasnt started??? Sign me up for a refund. @EEG Still super excited and can't wait to get SOLT. I know people are getting impatient but I believe that once you get this game in their hands they will understand how and why it was delayed. I would rather wait 6 more months and get a great game that I can play for years opposed to getting a rushed game that has too many errors for me to play through. Having said all of that, if you have any additional updates/photos/screenshots I am sure we would love to see them. I am very a OCD person and find component presentation to be a huge factor in my favorite board games. For example I prefer games where everything can stay organized once packed up and the next time i don't have to spend an hour going through and sorting things so i can play again. (Lords of Waterdeep knocked it out of the park with every single aspect of their box layout and organization.) Again, I can't wait to get my hands on this game and start diving into some tombs. Thanks, @EEG You have promised some pics of The tonn of materials of The game. I need see The component of The games in production. Now i think its possible. Thanks @EEG Has the emails been sent out regarding proofreading or are you waiting for all the layouts to be complete before sending out the emails? Last word I can find on days says shipping mid January. Haven't even heard it's in production. Tired of excuses... Any word on delivery date? @EEG. Chris, you need to talk to the Gripmat guy asap. His printer is going to charge him another 45k to try and finish most of the mats by the end of the month. Someone with some Kickstarter cred needs to pull him back from the edge of the cliff he is about to jump off of. @Jake. Pretty sure production is taking place in Europe, not China. First of all, Happy New Year! 2015 will be the release of the SotLT and that should ensure a reasonably good second half of the year. I'm not trying to judge, I'm just very curious about your experience with the printing of this game. Obviously, it's been a much larger and in-depth project than projected and you've learned quite a bit about the process. Second, Did the new cuts fix the "Tight" jigsaw problem? I appreciate your attention to this but, haven't heard if you got the new samples and they fixed the problem. Third, Aside from the rules; are the rest of the files printer approved and ready? I figure you'll need a week or two for your army of proof readers to get back to you and you to make any required changes. Can the production start without the rules? Forth, With the Chinese New Year now smack dab in the middle of a hypothetical production run, will they delay the start until after the break or start work and resume after the break? Does anyone know if that affects component quality if they do take a break in the middle of the production? If they aren't going to start until after the break, it'll push delivery back to Late May-June, correct? Again, looking forward to the game and some Epic game times. @Carlos/EEG I'm aware Matt's not making our dice. I was just wondering if you producer was encountering the same issues as his...in an effort to maybe help him as well. re:GripMats..thanks for the update Chris, your approach and open communication is much appreciated. You give honest answers quickly that leave no doubt about your passion and commitment. It would be great if others could learn from your example. @EEG Sadly, I think your optimism is misplaced. I backed GripMat as well and they have continually let backers down with repeated "printer issues." Update#93 from them put your mats at the bottom of the list. They also have been selling the overages of previous runs of other designs online....while backers that wanted a lower popular design are being given the option of one of those mats...or just sit and wait... Thankfully, you are doing right by us. Basically...don't hold your breathe about the mats. @Omincron, EEG is making their own custom dice as mentioned at previous updates @EEG Have you had any issues with your GripMats or Dice yet. I know both GripMats and Doublesix have been having some production issues, although DoubleSix is because Matt has no tolerance for anything but perfection (and we love him for that) Actually, it's not the most anticipated.... I'd love to find ANYONE to buy out my pledge or just flat out refund me. I've asked politely twice in privates messages...no reply. So apparently I need ask this way. Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the '20 Most Anticipated Games of 2015' competition in the Fantasy category, but it's going to need some help. Vote it up here: <url>��� I'll wait for the 20 Most Anticipated of 2016 :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the 20 Most Anticipated Games of 2015. <url>"sounds like you should have had this all planned out before you solicited us for our money." These guys aren't bad guys. I don't hate Chris Batarlis, and the sarcastic jerk who mocked me for posting the Kickstarter ToS. I hate the excuses that they're giving their backers, and their refusal to give us some relevant updates. "Hey guys GenCon was awesome!" doesn't count as an update. "Hey guys we have a new miniatures Kickstarter project" doesn't count as an update. A laid out "this is what we've used your money on. This is what still needs to be done. This is how long that should take. This is when we should have the product made and shipped." is an update. @joe Personally, I thought May 2014 was too optimistic for a miniatures heavy game. Given industry norms, I would not be surprised if it shipped before April 2015. Even though they're receiving molded samples, they're still a long ways from the whitebox and final samples. If there are any issues with those (and there often are) that will add a month or two extra of delay. If there are issues with the whitebox or final samples, I've seen many projects that allayed those concerns by involving the backers in the process through photos and explanations of the issues. Any delay will put EEG in danger of hitting the Chinese New Year, which adds further delay. Factories begin a wind-down period, have a 10-day nation-wide shutdown, and experience a wind-up period afterward that can often add 1-2 months delay. As for progress, it seems normal, especially if molded samples are coming soon. At this point, the only thing I would fault EEG with is inexperience setting a too optimistic schedule. Kickstarter's new ToS: "If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they've failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers," reads the updated document. "Every reasonable effort" includes starting off with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed. Creators must "demonstrate that they've used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised," and throughout the process, creators must continue to communicate honestly with backers. And as always, creators are required to offer refunds for unfulfilled rewards, "or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form." Only if creators satisfy those stipulations are they considered to have met their obligations to their backers and "remedied the situation." Finally, the terms of use explicitly warn creators that if they don't meet those standards, they open themselves up to possible legal action from backers. It's time to provide us with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed and then demonstrate that you have used funds appropriately. This game for me is already an old game. I don't need it any more. It's possible have back my money?? Translation: highly unlikely this game will ship prior to new year. My patience left when they solicited likes and whatnot from us on BGG. Panhandling for more money, panhandling for likes, panhandling for praise....all when we haven't had any solid date set...or any updates worth reading. EEG is the worst. As I have said before....first and last time I back an EEG project. 2 guys is an excuse. That's all we get from them. Excuse after excuse after excuse. The right response from them should reflect "hey...you're right. We have dropped the ball. I'm sorry for the delay. I'll figure out a plan and we should have an idea when this will ship in roughly 2-3 weeks...then we'll let you guys know." Butttttt no he just wants to give more excuses. "This is such a big project!" "We have only 2 guys working on this". Here's the kicker guys....once you get things where you want them...production time, shipping time from china to US, and then your sorting time from that point until you ship is going to be months...not days or weeks...which means that we probably aren't getting this until march or April For another perspective... while I'm anxiously awaiting SOLT, I'm also waiting for 3 other games I've KickStarted in the past year. As of today none have shipped and the durations so far are: 10 months, 9 months, 8 months (SOLT), and 7 months. They all estimated shipping in the summer. I think the main thing for backers to remember for most of these KickStarters is that they are small teams (unlike FFG, PP) of people with cool ideas. I've also noticed what appears to be the lack of a detailed project plan or a dedicated Project Manager. (But really not many creative people want to do a project plan, me included.) If all of these KickStarters had put together (or updated) a detailed project plan at the end of the KickStarter campaign (and updated it with delays, new information), they should have been able to see effects to the schedule (of stretch goals or any delays) and could then communicate those to backers. (Although even then there would be people complaining about the delays.) None of the KickStarters I've mentioned above have communicated detailed schedules and so we are just left wondering. It's not just EEG. As backers, we need to take some responsibility to ask for a project plan and see if it makes sense to use. If one isn't provided, then we need to decide if we're going to back the KS, knowing the proposed shipping dates may be unrealistic. I think SOLT (and the other KS) are cool ideas and I'd love to get them sooner. But for now I'm still (somewhat) patiently waiting. A "certain" date that you can definitely hit or even surprise us by getting it done before is better than "working hard to get the game out by November" which does connote some doubt. Just one man's opinion... Hey, just a tip. Maybe you should consider accepting your delay and change your target date to something you can actually hit? In the long run, it is a better strategy. My advice is to look over what you still need to do and be realistic. Thanks! So in summary: "excuse, excuse again, excuse again, no date when you're going to get your game." Got it. Thanks. This will be the first and last time I back something from you. Chris Batarlis, I'm going to be blunt. We're unhappy. (when I say we, I don't represent the KS collective, but instead represent my household who was excited by this game when we found it on KS, and then have since become disgusted by Everything Epic Games, and their inability to follow-through with their promises.) Do we have a date on this yet? Because every time I look...it keeps getting delayed. I wouldn't have backed you if I knew you would take this long to get the game out. It's not a question of patience at this point. I think we've all been patient enough. This is questioning Everything Epic Games' committment to following through with their word. As of right now, EEG's word is as valuable as the garbage rotting in my trashcan right now. May, to September, to November. I got it that you're all trying to make things nice and look good, and everything, but we keep getting new updates reflecting something like "Oh well we're putting new minis in!! Ooo we have pretty dice now!! Yay we went to GenCon!!" and you are putting more time into things that maybe, just perhaps, not all of us want. Additionally, the soliciting for likes and thumbs up and all that on BGG was apalling! You want us to push your product when you haven't given us anything? If anything, I'd be convinced to trash-talk EEG on the forums, commenting on your lack of ability to commit to a release date. Delays, more delays, and more delays is all we're hearing about. If you guys keep getting hit by the "good idea fairy" and want to do all these exciting things, why not get the game out to your patient backers who you have yet to deliver anything to, and then offer the fantastic upgrades you keep pushing to people who want to pay extra, or wait extra time, ect.? I have backed 5 games in the period from when SotLT started until February, and have received everything I backed with the exception of SotLT. This constantly and consistently delayed game has actually dissuaded me from backing another game on KS, due to me being at your mercy with my hard-earned money. Enough is enough dude. Get us a SOLID "this is what we're doing, this is what is taking us so long, this is when the game will be shipped" update, or give us our money back. You've played with my cash long enough. And I swear, if you post that the game doesn't look like it's going to be ready until January of next year (which, judging by your lack of respect towards your backers at this point...probably isn't out of the realms of possibility), I'm going to lose my mind. Thanks! Yes, except the minis will be unpainted. If you want the minis painted then you neeed the $175 pledge in the new campaign in addition to your glory seeker. Sorry for the late question, but I am a bit behind in my Kickstarter updates! I am a Glory Seeker pledger for the original campaign. The pledge level says I get everything in the game. Does that mean I get everything that is/will become unlocked with the new campaign? Or do I need to pledge to the new campaign? Any chance us Fortune Hunters could get an upgrade option to Glory Seeker? say $100? I'd love to contribute to the new miniature one but it appears that the only option would be for $115 for just the minis and none of the Glory Seekers extras that new backers get. It looks like the base game now comes with a box of miniatures, is this correct? I'm a bit confused about all these new projects. I originally pledged for the Tomb Raider - do I get any miniatures and if so what? May... July/August... November... failed mini KS, its coming back, you say you want to ship everything together, so what are we talking about... did someone fat finger the 2014 date of May... and really mean 2015... or 2016... Commiserations with the miniatures KS and better luck with the relaunch. Hopefully there will be more details on the prepainted figures - I was on the fence due to not having any idea of the manufacturer's painting skills. If they've done anything similar before, then posting a sample of their work would be a big help. As for delivery, December is a terrible time to ship items (Christmas and other holidays) so if November is the goal, it would be prudent to have contingency plans where possible to counter further delay (e.g. shipping late components separately). One update said August was the new due date (I wrote it down), now November? My birthday is in November (26) so maybe by my Bday. this is not May 2014, is it? When can we expect what we bought into? Just asking. thank you Any estimate on when we might be getting this game would be nice. Thanks. The $25 dollar I posted is just a number I pulled out of the air and by no means a hard set value to me. I see the mini KS has stalled. I should have posted this sooner as it might have helped with the mini KS but I digress. When you relaunch the minis kickstarter I would be inclined to back it if you break down the minis into groups that you can back say 5 groups at $25 ea. I don't have the money to go full board into this game and I don't have the money to get every mini for a game that I don't have every expansion for and quite frankly doesn't add to the game play. What I would like is a monster minis kit to match the scenarios I am getting to go with my character minis. I agree with Patrick, a simple update as to when we might get the game would be nice. I too am tired of all the advertising of how great Gencon went. Also don't feel right advertising for you on BGG with all the likes and thumbs up you keep forcing on us. Is there a chance of a Secrets of the Lost Tomb Update #74 that talks about where we are in the scheme of things? Just the SotLT game.... no more hotness, no more likes, no conventions, no old 3D painted renderings, and no other projects mentioned? Unless I missed it, 2 months have passed since a great update. Asked this previously at <url>#comment-7407050 but didn't receive a reply so am asking here: *Who is doing the actual painting for the pre-painted miniatures? Will it be the manufacturer or a third party? *Are there any samples of their previous work that backers can review, before committing to the pre-painted upgrade? *How much extra time will the painting add to the production schedule? Thanks. Hy Chris I see that all is going in the right direction ..I can see that if a creator of a project on KS is going to make such a complicated game with minis ,tiles and script well....delays are just around the corner...Anyway I saw your skeleton with horns ;) seems similar to one of mine ;)) good looking skel !! I cannot lie saying that I wish the game was just in my bare hands at this moment ..we will wait for a complete experience.. Just a question Do the core set will come with carboard tokens and will also include their zombie versions too ?? @ joe hudak, No my friend, you are not the only one. In fact, anytime I've asked a justified question I get a five paragraph, overly defensive, reply. The continued hawking of this game in the form of the stand alone mini game KS, the current miniature KS, and the constant requests to give thumbs and add comments on BGG to an as-yet non-exist game, leaves me with major concerns. I've been doing this a long time and this is the first time that I am having a feeling of foreboding about how a project is going. Time will tell. Manufacturing delays are to be expected. I will feel better when we see an actual production piece instead if a 3D render. Hopefully, we will see something worthwhile in the next month or two. Cheers to be honest, i want to see the real prepainted sample, 3D render colored image doe not mean anything to me. I've lost the bubble here. I did not participate in the second, miniatures KS. When should I expect to see the original game shipped out? Thanks for the reply. Are there any pictures of painted sample of the miniatures? Also, what's the total number of minatures for Glory Seekers? Thanks again for the reply. @Joe - I think we're all disappointed that the delivery date went from May to August to maybe late October/early November. As for myself, I've been through enough of these board game Kickstarter campaigns to know that it takes times to develop and test game content for stretch goals. I've been impressed with the content that's been shared so far, which is why I decided to upgrade my pledge to Glory Seeker. Even so, I still think it would be a miracle to go from funded minis on 8/20 to delivered minis on 10/31. Basically, they'd have to ship the minis from China within 3-4 weeks of getting funding. But these guys are Epic, so we'll see! :) @Maken X You need to chose the $10 'upgrade level' and pledge $175 to have the mini's pre-painted. Ok the new campaign with the miniatures got me a bit confused. Haven't got much time to follow the news as I'm really busy lately. Here's my question: I'm a glory seeker here. Do I need to pledge more to get the painted miniatures from the new KS? Thanks. I'm sure its difficult to make everyone 100% happy. I'll put my hand up as one that would like to see all the minitures completed as I like minitures games. Hopefully it gets the funding required so things can move quickly. Chris Batarlis, I must say I'm sincerely disappointed with the lack of progress we've seen in regard to this game. All I'm seeing is a request for more money, and of course, people seem willing just to throw money at you for it. I am not one of those people. I backed your project based on a projected date of may, when I could get my copy of the game. Instead of telling your backers that you have good news, and that our money has actually purchased something, you want to pan handle for more money for painted miniatures. Instead of throwing shiny things at us, can you deliver what we signed up for? I'm sincerely SHOCKED I'm the only one saying this. @Terry and Chris The Tokaido kick starter had a painted option as well. They started off with a pre painted option that looked impressive, well to me anyway. As they passed stretch goals and got to greater funding levels, they upgraded the pre-painted option with additional effects near the end. This was after lots of other upgrades – different priorities for different kick starters I guess. I think this provides some idea as to what is possible though for the funding amounts (you also need to consider that this was full pre-painted game for $115), <url>"big" convention this year, and I'd love to try out the game. @Paul: The new target month for delivery of SotLT is August, so we still have a few months to wait. @Chris, Thanks for sharing your mindset on this and i acknowlege the lack of early birds as a significant difference. My perspective is clearly narrower than yours, but i am totally onboard with the more everything idea, now and in the future. Spreading the word about this project has been an honor and i look forward to more Epicness. The Raiders idea was brilliant, by the way. it's like 3 months after the "hurry and don't miss out" message and anyone who wants in, at any level, can get the exact same deal as i and the other 684 KS backers, and delivered at the exact same time. i am very glad to have helped fund this game, but this "preorder issue" is likely to undermine people's motivation to pledge early in any future KS projects. the items listed as KS exclusives are apparently NOT exclusive, and that affects my perception of the value of the KS edition and the value of pledging early. It wouldn't take much to eliminate this issue...like actual exclusives or actually delivering early. all that aside, i eagerly look forward to playing this (not much longer to wait now) and backing possible future expansions. oh, one more thing...the relatively short time between the funding period and the anticipated delivery is fantastic, thank you so much. Chris, the timing is perfect now that I have some extra funds to toss in. @Anthony: I'm sure you will get a lot of fun out of your Glory Seeker pledge. For me, the Glory Seeker contained some items I didn't want. By pledging at a lower level, then buying the remaining items I wanted a la carte, I was able to get exactly what I wanted while still saving $70. That's enough to buy 1-2 other games. I'm sure I'll get plenty of mileage out of the 10 scenarios and 80+ tiles coming in my package. Chris, I would totally back a kickstarter for the rest of the mini's and adventures. I'd love a decent pre-emptive notice, so I can save money to get everything else I missed and want for my game! So I added-on funds for 3 sets of standard D6 - only now there aren't any. The new Double D6 dice are a different cost...I either have to pay more or lose $4? I'm a glory seeker backer and really excited for this project. I am just curious if there is any new information regarding the mini stretch goals and adventure packs that were not met. Is there anything NOT in the Glory Seeker level? Well Matt, I for one didn't any of the add-ons ... I went all out and purchased the Glory Seeker right from the start :) which pretty much comes with everything!! @Chris: Yes, that update on the dice et al was very helpful. Thanks! Who else besides me went crazy in the Backer Kit and purchased almost as much in add-ons as his original pledge? 8-0 I ended up snagging the Secrets and Passages pack, the Trap pack, more dice, and the boss monster minis pack. August can't come soon enough! I've completely lost track of what's happening with the dice for this game. How many dice will be in the base game box, and will they be standard d6 or double-six dice? WOW! That sounds like a perfect solution! It allows for all tiles to be used without introducing the frustration of exploring endlessly for a certain tile. As long as the mix of "scenario symbols" on the tiles remains fairly consistent when adding each expansion, the difficulty of a scenario should be reasonably consistent from play to play. I think that's important for co-op games. You don't want a cakewalk one time, only to be crushed by the same scenario (same side, same mix of objectives) the next time. As players get more familiar with a game, they want to be able to reliably tune the difficulty to their skill level. I went back through the previous updates and didn't find much information explaining how the "Secrets and Passages" and "Trap Pack" tile packs get integrated into the base game. I really like the look of the tiles, but I'd like to know more about how they get used in the game before I add them to my order. Looking at the Trap Pack for example, would I remove the trap tiles from the base game and substitute the tiles from the Trap Pack? Or do I simply add all new tiles to the stack? What about the Secrets and Passages tiles? If the tiles from both packs are simply added to the 50+ tiles in the base game (resulting in a stack of 80+ tiles), then I could see the game becoming significantly more difficult to win, especially if the scenario being played requires a specific room to be found. I hope EEG is working out a way to use these extra tiles without disrupting game balance. @Chris: Makes sense. I'm just trying to figure out which 2 extra adventure packs to get with my pledge, and knowing the character minis won't be in the Men of Bad Intentions pack (for now) means I can pick any adventure pack, as they will all be the same from a component perspective. I'm still really on the fence about the boss minis. Am I right in saying the boss usually only enters the game near the end of the adventure? Bummer to hear that the character minis in the expansion packs are only available in the Boss Monster Wave 1 pack. Since the base game comes with character minis at no extra cost, I would have thought the expansion packs would include the character minis (for those packs that reached that funding level). That way players who want all of the available character minis (but don't care about the boss minis) could get them by buying the appropriate adventure packs. As it stands, to get the character minis for Men of Bad Intentions, I have to buy all of the boss minis too. While the boss minis will look really cool, I suspect they'll only be in play near the end of each game (once the comet track his the target number). To me, this seems like a lot of money for not much in-game use. FYI, Game Salute is using a simple but effective status bar for their Wok Star updates. You can view it here: <url>"Things are different when you shrink it down... " Not for us with eagle-eyes they don't. ;) Agreed, the Pharoah's Way looks better, but the staircase going up needs work still - the steps shouldn't flare out so much (especially near the bottom). the urns on the able in the spaniards crossing might need a tweak as well in terms of perspective. much much better, looks great @Rad: My question is more about whether competitive play would be an option. @Astral why would you sabotage each other in a coop play? btw one of the SG is a rule for competitive play @EEG: "...We dont want the tiles to be Too Big or Too Small! (We want them to be just right... Somewhere in the 3 - 3.5 inch range..." Regarding tile-size, it would be nice (though not necessary) for it to be a whole number in inches, so that they could be lined up on boards (or Gripmats...) using 1/2/3-inch grids. @EEG: Thanks for the response on campaign mode - a "carry over" from one adventure to the next does seem like a straightforward way to handle things. Though some of the adventures do seem thematically well-suited to combining: imagine one where High Emperor Drakus seeks to raise both Antonio “Red Eyes” Mullens (vampire mob boss) and the Zombie Apocalypse to dominate the world. Players may have only a short period of time to foil the emperor before his new minions appear, while the most (fool?)hardy may wish to forgo a quick victory for the greater reward of defeating three great villains. One question about the multiplayer game - will players be able to co-operate with/sabotage each other? Or is the Tomb the only permitted enemy? @Chris great update! if lady rocket didnt start the game with that fliegerfaust i would be very disappointed xP I posted this comment on BGG with the draft rulebook, but am cross-posting here so it doesn't get lost in the shuffle. A question/suggestion regarding the Comet Track. It's not clear to me if the intent of the Comet Track is to: A) Start at 0 (bullet 3 in the Setup section of the rulebook), and trigger the Plot Twist when it gets to a scenario-specific number (e.g. 8), or B) Start at the scenario-specific number and count down to 0 (as stated in the Scenario Sheets section). To me, option B would be better, because no matter what scenario is being played, the Plot Twist triggers at 0. This would be much easier for players to remember. Otherwise, I could see players getting lost in the fun of the game and not realizing the Comet Track has hit/exceeded the target number, because the target number changes from scenario to scenario. Basically, do you want the Comet Track to be a count-down timer, or a count-up timer? Also, any thought to having multiple plot twists in some scenarios? For example, if the Comet Track starts at 10 and counts down, you could have one plot twist trigger at 5, and another at 0. Just a thought. How's the status on the art assets for things like the Jigsaw tiles? Will you be increasing the size of the tiles to account for thicker walls and/or shrink room interiors or was the tile design sufficient as originally planned? Also, is the level 4 and Apex chamber unique to specific scenarios or do they come with objective cards to mix into the decks for regular play. Hope your February is Epic! The whole 'tomb reset' thing reminds me of the Alien vs. Predator movie where the pyramid kept changing. Really cool. Have you mailed the game yet? ;) Chris, great addition. Thank you. Chris +1 Regarding the integrations of adventure packs into one game session, I dont think it would be a problem since you can always shuffle in all the other game elements into the basic set (eg: tiles, items, monsters etc) the only problem would be integrating the boss monster since the gameplay is scenario driven by the boss monster. I can imagine that 2 bosses can spawn in the tomb and that players can try to fulfill both boss scenarios requirements during gameplay, fight the bosses one at a time, etc but dealing with more than 2 bosses can prove to be very difficult i think Campaign... strong... fun!-) While occam is plugging other KS projects, take a look at Fief as well. A huge return for the investment. I really like the campaign idea. :) SB Small question - can adventure packs be combined to form epic quests? (either having them occur sequentially or all at once in a massive smörgåsbord of evil). If not, might this be added as a rules option? Dear Lost Tomb'ers, Minions, and Crazy Ones: In case anyone is sleeping on their KickStarter backer duties, the (or at least, a) current crazy KS game is TEK ≡ "Tiny Epic Kingdoms" (<url>"Secrets of the Lost Tomb" left off). It does not offer anywhere near the epic adventure, but I think it's designed to do a lot with a little (i.e., pocketability). Cheers, = Joe = I am still very excited about the Indiana Jones + Call of Cthulhu + Bermuda Triangle & all things sinister open-ended mashup of "Secrets of the Lost Tomb". :-) Just checking if the comments work for me. Doh! I forgot about the lack of green search tokens. As long as the red and green room borders are distinguishable, they it's all good! :) After watching the videos again, I had a thought. The red/green room borders and red/green search tokens will be problematic for people with red/green color blindness. I know quite a few gamers with this condition. I realize other players can point out which rooms/tokens are red vs. green, but this wouldn't work with solo play. You may want to consider marking them with a symbol/letter too, or use shades of red and green that are easy to distinguish by their brightness. +1 to AstralWanderer's suggestion, that would suit me. Not sure if giving people the option at backerkit time is feasible, or just a way to administrative chaos! @astralwanderer we have some great plans in the works. Chris from EGG should be making some announcements in the near future. Stay tuned, exciting stuff :) Hope the $ go toward stretch goals... Some of us could be more generous. I would ;) SB BackerKit is a very good service to use. I have used it 4 times with no issues with varying projects from VGHS season to, all the way to Hold your Breath. It is just as easy, if not easier, then the Kickstarter pledge selector/amazon payments combo. Given only a couple of the miniature stretch goals were achieved, would it be possible (and how would other backers feel about) swapping them for the "lost" adventure stretch goals instead? I'm not hugely enthusiastic over miniatures and less so over an incomplete collection, so exchanging them for another adventure or two would seem a Good Thing... I am in the same boat as the 11th. I pledged for the GS but didn't include $ for any additions. Now I find myself wondering if it would be better to have a set of 8 dice for up to 6 people. And those mats look pretty handy with all of the tile expansions. Sorry if this has been asked before. If a backer forgot to add extra $ to his/her pledge for add-ons, is there a way to do that before everything ships out? For example, if I wanted more dice, could I pay for that separately and have it shipped with my copy of the game? NuuuuoooOOOO not the curse of the tomb....just hoping the tomb let me out on may to play sotlt xP Waiting paitently for my survey to decide which 2 pledge level add ons I want, and what I want to do with the extra 20 dollars I added to my pledge. The answers to those are "Creatures" and "Apocalypse" and get "Vallhalla" and "Drakkus" that way I end up with 6 extra scripts! dang it why when i check KS i automatically go check on this project arrrgh im cursed Cool, can't wait for the summer to get the game! Happy to be part of this! Looking forward to the game! Congratulations and good luck! Great job everyone! Congratulation :-) Congrats to everyone who helped make this game/kickstarter! Thanks to everyone who pledged so that we could all have a much bigger and richer gameplay experience. I rarely comment at 1:55am on a kickstarter, but when I do, it must be.....Everything Epic! just wake up congrats for reaching 111k!! Congrat :-) all that's left to say is, "GOOD NIGHT, AND GOOD LUCK!" Congrats again.. I hope the cold goes away. awesome! maybe as an expansion down the line have you guys thought of a traitor game type? agreed @Cody Most certainly the FUN has only begun! @Ninjace lol but the work has only just begun (sinister laugh) Congratulations! I cannot wait to play this.... @Chris - Thank you! Can you unchain me from my desk now :) Mrs Howard here - well this was the first Kickstarter I followed from start to finish and it was fantastic. Thanks so much for your amazing responsiveness to every single tiny and large comment/request. Wishing all the best as you move forward with producing this fantastic game. Now get to work Chris!!!! ;-) Cheers Congratulations! @Chris: congratulations on an amazing campaign! Special Shout out to Chris from EEG, You have been our rock during this project. Thank you for creating a foundation for use to build our dreams upon!! Well done, guys. Very impressive! Great job from start to finish. Congrats!!! That's pretty big number for a first time Kickstarter. Well played boys. Well played! A true masterpiece and job well done. My compliments on your interaction with your supporters and constant presence. Thanks! Congratulations! Congratulations! Well done! Congratz on the project funding (^!^) THE TOMB WELCOMES YOU!! 1 and done...congrats again! Congrats! Done!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats Final Countdown !!!!!! Don't forget your awesome add ons! 35sec Don't forget... SotLT is in the running for the 20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014. <url>#1 spot. Congrats, Chris and everyone at EEG! It's been a fun adventure already. Now, I can't wait to play the actual game. :) Guys ! This is your last chance to grab GS! Go go go ! 5! We asked you to help make our dreams come true! And you DID!! Thank you ALL!! Congrats on your first successful game and lets hope your future dreams are as successful. 9! Count Down 10! All the gamers need to come back from holidays to back the project! oh well, maybe they will get their chance if post kick starter pledges open up for a short time. I wish that the locked minis will be available in future campaign so that our collection can be completed! ok, we have unlocked the minis of the first expansion it doesn't make sense if we don't have for the rest of the expansion so what will it happen?? those expansion minis will be avalaible as an add-on? @Greatlitch - Thank you! Congratulations to Chris and everyone at Everything Epic Games on a fantastic and very successful project. I can't wait to see what the finished product will look like! The time has finally come! Congrats on your first successful GREAT project ! Can't wait to take my journey there! 3.2k in 13 minutes would be beyond great. :) Can't wait to play build-a-bear with a character. Good times! More minis would be great Come on 115K !!! @John good to see you here! Well it's been great everyone. Haven't been present here but I've been stalking. Phones going to die so I'll find out the final total later tonight. Good job everyone! Looking good guys! Congrats! A precious 39 minutes remain! It is. Thank you everyone for thinking of me! I'll just have to watch like a hawk for the next 47 minutes to see if it opens up. It is exciting to see us closing with so many backers. Let's see how high we can go! Great work everyone! Oh no! I missed my chance for the create a character! Final Hour! It was an honor working with all of you, and I greatly look forward to our future adventures together :) Yes! 110K... The drop could be due to someone adjusting their pledge (or the pledge trolls). 110k$ and 110 minutes to go! Some last minute update would be great! Wunderbar!-) Hello 110k! 110K ! Another $235 glory seeker just opened up, grab it while you can. Thanks Chris. I'm not giving up hope on reaching $125K so we can get the Excalibur adventure! oooops.....line is for $110K but its obvious it will go well beyond that KickTraq says its trending toward $115K !!!! Are the Lost Stretch Goals (e.g., Exploration for Excalibur) available as add-ons (assuming the stretch goal is not met)? @JKP...to clarify, by large mat I mean the 36x36 size. This game will need 36 x 36 mat to play with heh, when I wrote ' I preferred the character creation' I was writing in past tenses. It was snapped up quickly though. @JKP I have a long dining room table (6 seats) & calculated two of the large mats would work for me perfectly. Chris said to get the mat(s)for your table space size vs how big the board may grow. @Omicron: "1 Glory Seeker $235 open, get it whole you can!" Thanks! Though that meant (*BOO HISS*) lowering my pledge by $10 *ducks* Do hope to see the Excalibur stretch goal made, though odds seem a little slim now - I prefer more adventure options over minis. Sorry, my typo Stephen :-( Do you think a 24"x24" mat will be big enough with all the levels, etc.? Eeek, 666 backers...any weird bonus for reaching that milestone, Chris? By all means, Stephan...snap up that last create a character & help push us ever so close to the 110,000 mark! We can do this! I already have one! There was an astronomer that wanted one though. @Steψhen: There just became a "create a character" available. I prefred the "create a chartcter" - but they are all gone now. Not sure if my suggestion will be me (Engineer) or great grand father who was on one of the first Australia submairines that was sunk in WW1 (AE2) and become a prisoner of war in Turkey. great grand father would probaby fit in very well to a game like this. I backed at a Glory Seeker earlier in the week because I can play single player, and have it be a challenge, as well as multiplayer, and have fun with friends. 1 Glory Seeker $235 open, get it whole you can! I think we will get to $110K (provided there are no high value troll backers that all jump out near the end). Was watching the vids and have a question. Are all the Artifact cards going to have the same cup picture? I understand that symbol is used a lot but it gets confusing when it says "Diamond Encrusted Sword" and shows a cup :) Maybe thats just the way it is in the promo versions? I have a few games coming this year. This one alone will keep us busy for a very loooooong time with the different adventures. Ya, we'll be fortunate to hit $110,000...not that that's a bad thing. We have a heck of a lot of content to play with. Congratulations to everyone. We did good! Non-supporter to Tomb Raider to Fortune Hunter to Glory Seeker all in the span of a couple of hours. Talk about a thrill ride! Seems like we are not getting the Excalibur Pack at 125K @Chris You da man. One thing I’m hoping to hear is that the game will ship to investors (KS supporters) prior to or concomitantly with when it is released to retail outlets. Wasn't hard. One view of the video you guys made (with TMAGITWorld) and I was hooked.The game sells itself too @MetalDiceGuy Thanks for being there from the start and all of your support! @Daniel I won't lie....I snatched up a GS the first day and at times I wondered WTH am I doing.....the more I look at this game, the videos, the comments etc. absolutely NO DOUBT it is going to be a great experience Glory seeker level give you all if you can raise your pledge an epic big endless fun game awaits Yeah, got the 235$ glory seeker! This is going to become a good day! :) Ooops.....better than I thought....that'd be FOUR MORE SETS OF MINI'S !!! woot! just food for thought if all early birds are sold (without loss of non-early bird pledges) that would get this to right at $125K....that would be a stretch obviously but it would also mean two more sets of minis and two other SG's.....which would make more people jump, etc, etc. @Adam oh absolutely.....but if someones on a budget or doesn't want minis that is one heck of a lot of game for the money at FH level @TheMetalDiceGuy, I initially went for the Tomb Raider but after getting more excited for the game I jumped right to the Glory Seeker. Fortune Hunter is great deal but I think that if you down to pop the extra bucks it will be well worth it. If mini's aren't a big deal the Fortune Hunter level is one hell of a bargain IMHO there's a $235 glory seeker open......if you are on the fence I would jump that right now! I think we might get 2... Let's try and get one more stretch Goal in the remaining 4 hours I know we can do it!! @ Sean I believe those the Chose your own Adventure and Valhalla are part of the Vault of Perseus so they come free with the "Glory Seeker" pledge level but, you have to add it on for any other level. @Chris Is there an updated chart showing what each level will get? I noticed Valhalla and Choose your own Adventure are missing from the current chart. Sorry meant to mention I am in Canada. Oh you guys rock. Mrs Howard here - I know I keep harping on about these dice but as a Glory Seeker it's the only add-on I am actually interested in. Okay so here's my dilemma I like each player in a game to have their own set of dice so that we don't have to pass dice (I am a little OCD about this). It seems this game requires 8 dice for each player given that's what the core game comes with and that is also what comes in the extra set with Glory Seeker. So that means for 6 players I would like to have 48 dice (8 x 6). I already get 16 so I just need an extra 32 dice. Which means I should order 3 sets of the 12 dice (giving me 36) for $10 each set + $8 shipping for each set or is that for the entire 36 that I order? Questions: 1. We are ordering the double Six Dice in sets of 12 even though they come as a set of 8 in the box is this correct? 2. Would total extra cost for 3 sets of 12 dice be $30 + $24 for shipping or $30 + $8 for shipping Tks, did not see that one, it would seem that wave 2 would be around the $25-$30 if we hit 115K then. Chris's earlier comment was "If we end up making a wave 2 (If we get 6 or more Stretch Goal minis) wave 2 will be the same as wave 1" Glory seeker pledge rather (*!*) - bad typing. Looking at the numbers..... The wave 1 Boss monsters are $30 as an add-on for the 5. Wave two will probably include 4 minis if we reach 110k so that will be around $20-$25 ? or so. So the Gorly seeker pledge looks fairly good if mini's interest you. Come on 175K!!!!!!! hey no worries- the mystery adds to the excitement- we're awash with swag! thx- now I'm clear (for the time being!) So Chris, would the Wave 2 minis come in 2 separate packs- one for boss monsters the other for characters? Paola, Looking at Chris's comments seems they have not worked out the costs and the extra minis will be an add on after the project has closed (unless you are a Glory seeker and above as you will get whatever mini's have been unlocked). We have dropped a little on Kicktraq, so it would be good if everyone gives the link a click (its how I and others find projects to back). It also has some interesting info. If you visit, its good to click a few links back to the project as it seems to count more on the site with the ranking system. <url>´valuable´ than others xD So if i choose the adventure pack men of bad intentions in the 2 free choice of tomb raider pledge i will receive also the minis with it ? @Chris i think they red skull got a copyright so be careful about using those xP @santanz depends which german people youre talking too but in general theyre still touchy about it Germany does not take kindly to certain historical Icons/images and names... @ Oooh good one from the update ´Artwork subject to alteration or change for specific European Countries´ just because u said youre gonna print in germany xP Does the new minis comes with the adventure pack cost or not ..? @ Chris yes it sure is XD WOOOP more minis!!! @Chris - I just sent you a private message via Kickstarter. If you have a chance check it out. BGG and reddit both get hateful when you post KS projects. Tried to put a notice on BGG about the campaign ending but got accused of spamming so deleted my comments out. Can't wait for this, looks fantastic @martin, The Glory Seeker contains all the minis and all the adventure pack. I find myself wondering know how in the world will the box be constructed to keep all of the minis, tokens and tiles organized. I'd even up my pledge to get the gorgon or the horsemen! It would add so much to each episode to have a boss mini for each! One question does the 30 dollar add on include all boss minis that get unlocked when they get unlocked? That'd be awesome! Just had to add those boss monster minis! They look- EPIC! :) @maken all d6 for sotlt are replaced by double six dice including the extra dice for glory seeker, as of now all minis are unpainted, no confirmation about painted mini option if it does then it would be as an add on i think. Lots of people want to paint the minis themselves or not 41 to go to another Stretch Goal! Is there an option for painted mini? Does glory seeker also include the 12 double 6 dice? I was away for a while so didn't follow all the posts and update. Thanks for helping. @Rad. No worries. Things are in good hands, with a lot of the work already on paper. I'm confident that the process we've worked out will work beautifully. Backers great dialog! Thank you for answering the questions even before we get a chance to lol :) They say it takes a village to raise a child... glad we have 640 backers to raise the Tomb! And also thank you for your complements on the campaign. We literally bit our heart and soul into the projects creation! @Tom yes beter start writing on those scenarios now, we unlocked a lot of SG (unfortunately for you x)) @TerryChang: The GripMat is a cross-promotion with another KS project that costs $45+. EEGames' inclusion of it and licensing is a convenience and benefit to us, but costs them time with no economy of scale. So it would be difficult (i.e., totally uneconomical) for EEGgames to make it a stretch goal. OTOH, if you want to BOOST your pledge, please add GripMat(s) ($45/50 per) to your pledge. if gripmat is included in glory seeker i am sure more people will jump to glory seeker now Just to clear up my previous comment. It's now that the work begins for ME. Chris and Jim have done something exceptional for Our first time out. We've learned a lot, and it will make the next Game Designs a bit less daunting than this one. A Great Learning Experience for the three of us, and all of the Backers deserve nothing but the Best. @Maken gripmat and t-shirt xP What add-ons are not included in glory seeker? @metaldiceguy i agree with you there the guys at EEG have been very generous regarding their SG and free contents for their game, also their dedication for communicating with the backers during the KS period are exemplary Point is that I think EEG is being extremely kind and probably breaking even on those stretches to get some more games and components into everyone's hands. Hopefully this thing has a great close and we won't have to worry about adding them later ;-) From my experience I can tell you that's pretty tough. Each mini ends up costing multiple thousands to make. To be honest I am very surprised that minis can be added for an extra $5K of OVERALL sales. Even the big boys like Cool Mini's and Mars Attacks etc. needed $10K minimum for each mini they added and that's from a base sale of at least one million bux. So for those who are going with Glory Seekers, is it possible there could be the option to purchase just the Mini's for the Adventure packs in the future for those we don't reach by the end of today? My OCD will drive me crazy knowing that I am missing mini's. Bump of Cody's chart to keep it from getting buried: <url>"1 Full Extra Set of Custom Dice" @metaldiceguy well i got the same feeling with couple of KS projects like KDM, arena rex and drake but at least i had a chance to ninja a black friday gold pledge for KDM couple of weeks ago xP My biggest fear with this one is that next week a whole lotta people are going to be commenting "Damn! I wish I had pledged for this!". It just has that appeal right? @metaldiceguy yes they exchange the normal dice to double six but if u want to add more double dice u still need to add shipping at least thats what i read from the main page @Cody Awesome! Hopefully this cold weather is going to keep people inside and browsing Kickstarter. I would love to see this thing really snowball tonight. A lot of KS in this money range boost 10-20% in the last 12 hours. If that happens we're all going to get a lot of goodies ;-) Double Sixes are now the main dice in every copy of the game. I believe the Double Sixes are included free now in the Glory Seekers as well too. I just noticed that were missing the mini for the most adventurous gamer in the world character o_0 @metaldiceguy yep 65 of EB3 gloryseeker amount to almost $16k @Paolo yes the calculation would be: pledge + pledge shipping ($25) + add on1 + add on2 etc + add ons shipping ($15), the first add on is included in the pledge shipping. for gripmat and double six u need to add additional shipping for them because they are shipped separately From what I can see if you want to add a significant amount of stuff and the extra money is not a problem The Glory Seekers are an awesome value. Not to mention if just the 65 Early Bird GS'ers are scooped up before midnight we will hit 3-4 more of the stretch goals. Damn ! I want the Excalibur Adventure Pack at 125K soooooo much !!! Let's get it !!! well if for ex." I wish to add the Epic adv. book + Drakkus + The Boss Minis +Meridian of Medusa for a total of 90USD and I already paid for 25USD shipping handl. how much should I add 15 ?? and furthermore will I can do this when the campaign ends?? @Jason sorry you found the format a bit confusing, we have so much great stuff to include we tried to be as clear as possible. The comparison chart provided by Cody (@Cody Thanks) was our solution to help simplify the decision process. Glad it helped. By the way the savings will be even greater for glory seekers now that the wave 1 boss minis have been unlocked! But every level (as you can see in the comparison chart is FULL of savings! Welcome Aboard :) Don't over think it. ...or perhaps that should be Come On Up. We could reach 666 backers by the end- Secret Satan, Come On Down! the emperor drakkus adventure it's a Kickstarter Exclusive you can add it to your pledge it's USD 10. Ahh thanks... Cody, that was very helpful! Do we know which of those are exclusives? I know the Zombie Apocalypse pack is, but any others that I should know of? Don't have enough money for Glory Seeker, unfortunately, so trying to decide what would be a good lower level to pledge at... how much is the internation costs for adding addons ?? @Jason here is a table I hope this helps. <url>"Glory Seeker" gets everything (including every Stretch Goal), and the other levels do not. So if you can afford it, the GS is the way to go (extra dice, Vault of Perseus items, etc.). Good luck, = Joe = This has one of the most confusing sets of pledge levels I've seen.... is there some sort of updated table that lays out what every pledge level gets? @Sandeep - Thanks, We are in the process of getting the Colossus rendered in 3D. Will Share once complete. Im sure your gonna love this one! Great job with everying, Jim! Any chance we get to see a 3D rendering of the Land Colossus? I'd love to see what George Washington put up against Cornwallis' Kraken! With only a $5000 interval between goals...we should be able to hit some goals in 24 hours @John Wrot - Thanks for the support! And it was awesome playing the King's Armory with you last month! Can't wait to get that in the mail later this year as well :) How bout this.... PLEDGE INCREASED! BOOYAAA! Thanks! @Robert Wow! The universe certainly has a lot of really cool stuff! Congrats by the way on your PHD!! Trillion suns* My other focus of research was quasars. Black holes roughly a billion times the mass of the sun that are consuming material so voraciously that it grinds against itself into its huge maw (event horizon) that it emits more light than a trillion sund Well I got all this stuff rattling around in my head after all these years. Just small things like the age of the universe, the ultimate fate of all existence, quantum effects, multiple dimensions... On and on. The universe is so crazy and awesome that maybe you guys at epic games came up with it..., Oh, and for anyone wondering who I am (now that I am flooding the comment board) I'm Jim, the lead art designer for EEG. Chris needed to take a Tomb Nap in preparation for our final hours, so I am covering him for the time being. @Robet - Sinister and interesting! Concept is already on our ideation board for sinister ideas to consider :) "Spaghettification" .... Awesome! and Robert you have been verified by the tomb, and Google (lol) "In astrophysics, spaghettification (sometimes referred to as the noodle effect[1]) is the vertical stretching and horizontal compression of objects into long thin shapes..." @Jake,Paul, Robert - In regards to release timing we are going to do everything in our power to release the game in a timely fashion, but as Chris stated we are definately going to make sure what is released is Quality! But our promise is to you is that you will be well informed every step of the way as we progress from funding to shipping. Can't wait for us all to get the finished product! I have been playing the beta prototype for a few months now and still can't believe I am playing something that we had a part in creating! A very humbling and exciting experience. THANK YOU to all of our backers! I can see it now, it started as 3 people traveling up a path to the Tomb that looms ahead...now we are over 600 strong and growing! :) My personal favorite technical astronomy term: spaghettification. It is a term describing how the tidal forces of a black hole pull someone apart as they enter its gravitational field. You basically get pulled into an extremely long string of material. I could come up with oodles of astronomy stuff to feed a tomb adventure. The universe is full (95% of all material) of a substance called dark energy that we know absolutely nothing about. Sounds a bit sinister doesn't it? @Robert - "WIMPS & MaCHO" I love it! What great titles to discribe Dark Matter... hmm, might be an inspiration for future Tomb adventures... @Kenneth - Glen is correct, The Wave 1 Boss Minis are included in the Glory Seeker Pledge Level and will be available for add-ons for all levels below Glory Seeker. Very excited about this one! Check out the 3D Art Chris posted in the updates... you thought the art looked good, the 3D sculpts are amazing!! If you are a Glory Seeker or above you get them for free otherwise yes you have to pay for them as an Add-on. Add on section What's up with these minis? Do we get them in the core game, or did we unlock them in the payed add NOS section? @metaldice I'm not surprised, it is a pretty laid back field. Papers and theses often have funny names. We have WIMPS and MaCHOs as theories for dark matter Congrats on 100K EOP team! 25 hrs to go... how many more stretch goals can we hit :) @Robert Congrats on the PhD!! It reminds me of a funny story from Astonomy 101 (err something low end like that - its been 20 years ;-). I loved the class but forgot most of the facts....but I can never forget the prof saying that his buddy's Thesis for doctorate was titled "Our Friend Mr. Sun".....how the hell did that he get that through???? Quality before speed. Always the best policy. We learned that tough lesson at BFR on our first game. True, I add 6 months to the total but, some of mine run over by a year or more! Granted, we're talking quality products. I hope they delay it as needed but, am curious about feature creep and how it'll affect the whole project. I suspect a two month delay for the dice and probably a bit extra for the content upgrades such as minis. I go to a few conventions over the summer and fall and was curious about which ones I'll be bringing this to. I hope they take as long as they need. I am more than willing to wait for something this awesome. KS shipment targets are always a bit optimistic. I always add 6 months to whatever they say and then I'm rarely disappointed. I'd rather they took a bit more time a produced a first rate game than rush it to completion. I have no doubt that Chris and his team will be working hard now that his baby is funded. Can you imagine how cool it will be to get all the finished component together and look upon the completed game for the first time? I remember seeing my first publication in print… “WOW” Congrates! My only question is what's the current plan for delivery? Are we still looking at May or sometime by December? AWESOME!!!!!! SO excited! Woohoooo !!!!! Holy Taco Sauce!!!!!! and WE DID IT...BOSS MINIS FUNDED!!! 100K!!! Woohoooooooo!!!! 100k!!! we are 42(the answer to life the universe and everything) away from BOSS MINIS! Ahhhhh - $103 to Wave 1 Boss mini's the suspense is killing me! Yea 5 and a half years. that sounds like it was very interesting! Gratz! A PhD is a hugh achievement. It was on how stars form in groups instead of one at a time For me it would have to be the create a character. If you guys decide that you could add an 11th, let me know. It would be an awesome graduation present I could get myself congrats on your astronomy PHD Robert! out of curiosity what was your thesis on (simply as possible) I am jealous. I just got my astronomy phd today (thesis defense this morning). I would totally have made an awesome astronomer character. @Robert there is still room to upgrade to a mythical demigod and immortalize yourself in a room in the Tomb! @Robert, I got the last one !!! (I'm hoping that there will be a need for an Engineer character) Now I wish there were more create a character tiers so I could give you more if my money! I just snapped up a Glory Seeker. I feel lucky to have seen this game before the end of the kickstarter! Good luck on the last push to $100K Pins and Needles for this last $500 dollars. Great job, Chris and Jim. Proud to be with you guys. Now the work begins... Oh I forgot......everything epic right?!?!!! Can't wait to see how many minis and characters can be unlocked.....this game is getting really big.....it reminds me of the Mars Attacks without paying more and more $ to get more stuff....are you sure this is real Chris? ;-) @chris yeah knowing some of my mates when playing they always try to put the tiles on the side where its the least convenience -_- I just wanted to say that I have a lot of faith in this team to deliver an amazing product. They have been absurdly quick and responsive to all our questions. In my experience with KS they go do far above and beyond. I just can't wait to see what the final product will be. You guys are amazing! Lets crush those last goals! Yea. Interlocking tiles will be pretty awesome. Sorry for my doubts earlier! Interlocking tiles are needed if u want to move already build tomb because of for example u want to put a tile on a position where the tomb is too close to the corner of the table, so kind of moved the whole tomb to the middle of the playing surface My concern over the interlocking pieces is that over time/usage the pieces will become frayed similar to older puzzle pieces that bend or have their design peel off. Almost makes the gripmat a moot point as the interlocking tiles will keep the board in place. I am sure it will be awesome either way. I am super excited about this project! Yea. I guess it would also be an issue if you were pulling blindly since it would give away if the room was a dead end. Personally I guess I'm not as. Crazy about interlocking tiles for this reason. I do think it will be weird for interlocking bits on dead ends @Chris, Following for the updates, if the mini's are going to be painted or coloured, it would be good if we can opt out of this so we can paint them ourselves if we want to. Robert da Silva I disagree, because if u build from the room next to the dead end it won't be possible to put down that tile. because it has no interlocking holes or pins. so the pin from the room next to the dead end room can't be placed. You can't build around it either. so I think it best if we make all the sides interlock able. I was gonna recommend it myself but the i thought i through. the easiest way of doing this is to make all the tiles sides interlock able. For the interlocking tiles, it would be cool if there wasn't any interlocking bits on dead ends since not all edges are supposed to be connectable. Or else it will be weird. Pleased to see this doing so good now! Interlocking tiles was what I was looking for! Might get the boss monsters as an add on maybe if they make it! Great stuff regardless! Maybe you can ask The Museum Curator- Retailer Awareness Pledgers about how many copies of this game they want to buy from you. and all the addons they want to buy. Ask them about all that they want to buy and maybe you can use that information to sum up a total income from all the retailers. And add that sum total to the Stretch Goal counter ? I know that all of us want all the stuff and advetures we can get. so it would have heped alot if you could work something like that out! I'm sure you want this game to get ass much stuff as it possible can. finaly I have one question about the interlocking tiles. In the picture of the strech goal I think you have designed it wrong. If yu design it like that you wi only be able to place the tiles in to different direction. 0 degrees and 180 degrees. I think that wasn't your intesion. I think that u ment to make one pin sticking out on the left and then a whole for another pin from another tile. and make all the sides and the tiles like that. this wil make the tiles able to be placed in any direction :) anyway thank you for making this awesome game! hope may comes earlyer this year!!! :D @EEG. You have ran a good campaign from what I researched, and have taken good time for updates and responses. That's what I look for in a Kickstarter. I almost forgot about this project till I was reminded about you guys via GripMat (another great Kickstarter you have partnered with). so you can thank them for another Glory Seaker backer. Guys, Chris hasn't let us down all the time. Let's push it forward ! A lot can happen in 36 hours ! 36 to go... can't wait to see where this one ends up. Super happy for you, Chris! dj grandpa back and approved.. had a great convo with chris on the cirb and he backed me.. <url>"locked in". Now we are onto the boss minis! Let the race for the minis begin !!! After the last update I had a look at the stretch goals to see where the mighty Kraken fits. I was very happy to see its part of the $100k goal which we have a good chance to get! @chris the extra set custom dice with the glory seeker pledge will also be double six or just regular d6? Thanks Chris :) Sporting an SOTLT logo for the final 48! Chris, font Font tab of equipment is terrible, I hope it is not the final design ... You can show the final design of card? Or it is now in desiogn process (sorry by my no good English) ... :) to continue on Aaron's idea, What about pre-orders(for a certain amount of time) on the website also going towards any stretch goals? i love the size of the kraken mini....or perhaps it can be even bigger????? i want them alllllll Will you be counting money received on BackerKit towards any stretch goals not achieved during the KS campaign? Does the epic gamer will have an exclusive miniature? Where can I read up more details about the adventure packs. I can only pick two so I'd like to know what I really get, especially about the 'journey to the tomb' one. we should hit 95k without any problem and we SHOULD hit 100k we probably will hit 105k depends on what magic chris is gonna on the last 24 hours Looking at progress on Kicktraq- thanks to all the recent pledges, I'm confident of getting the last SG I was hoping for- upgraded tiles- and I think you Glory Seeking chaps will get at least some of the mini sets. Would be tricky to make self-printed cards indistinguishable from the professional ones in the Objective deck? That aside, could- with permission- scan the blanks provided and then overlay own text using suitable software. @greatlich I think SG for $85k already include blank cards @Chris - Regarding the Create your own Adventure Script, will you provide PDF so that we could print our own cards? Let's HIT 100K before 48 hour notice ! Lol... yeah guess I was so excited for the AWESOME wave 1 boss minis that I overlooked to cool interlocking tiles :) Hmmm what was that next stretch goal again... oh yeah... Wave 1 BOSS MINIS!!! Welcome to the team Brig Gen. Patrick Drake! And there it is 90k! Welcome Brigadier general! I'm a little confused about the add-on menu. If I'm interested in some of those items, do I have to add their amount to my backer level payment now, or can I pay separately later? @Howard Sorry, click on the link to the project on the web page. We have hit the top ten so have moved to their front page. @Stephen I do not understand what you mean by "kick the link to the project" could you explain this? Thanks. Another Dice Question: In the Add-on menu you can still order the normal 6 Sided dice for $8. If I add say $16 to my Glory Seeker bid does that mean I can select 2 sets of the etched normal 6 sided dice? Its good to visit the site once and day as it resets 4.00pm (Australian Sydney AEDT <url>"I told you so!" come end of May, instead of me saying it. Good luck! @Chris now that's what I call an epic answer to the schedule question- thanks! So is the Reader's Digest Abridged Version more or less- currently expect to deliver in May, subject to quality issues being manageable within current plans? Oh, and the German printing option sounds exciting- not only for their reputation for quality, but also because i'd expect them to be pro-active in working in partnership with you- they can ensure their extensive experience is shared with yourselves, something that the emerging economies can't (yet) offer to the same extent. @chris printing in germany? then i have no doubt about the quality, they be top notch Quality always come first !!! We are helping to make a dream come true...I've never expect any KS I backed to be on time. The delivery time stated on the KS page is always an estimation. So please do you best to make a high quality game...I guess we won't mind some delay... Question: How much interaction is there between players? or is it everyone for them self just using the same board, and trying to get the objectives, is there actually interaction, (sharing abilities, items, powers ect) I generally a +6 month for delivery on kickstarter boardgames producing in china. @Andre I appreciate your elaboration and that your intention is good- but not everyone will be as patient, and there's a risk of this alleged issue spooking backers at the 11th hour, so I hope Chris can give us an update on the delivery schedule. Pushing back the delivery date is no panacea- it would almost certainly increase project costs and definitely delay cashflow, not desirable at any time but particularly if the project budget has been fixed at the end of the KS. The risk would then shift towards the project being uncompleteable- and even I know there's been no shortage of those on KS. Look, I wish them the best, and I backed them. I just want to make sure every one here has realistic expectations. Heck, if EEG came on and admitted that they may have been a bit optimistic about the date, I would be very impressed and might even upgrade my pledge knowing that they were probably a little over zealous about the project, instead of being profoundly deluded about the time frame for the production of such a massive game. We're talking basic project management- but why assume that isn't the way that EEG work? @Chris, waken from your tomb and give us a (reassuring) sign! @cody Under-promise, over-deliver. That's how I would run a project. @Andre that works to I would rather the creator pad the the delivery date for unseen delays, and for all stretch goals that have been planned. That way the game has a much better chance of being delivered on time, and if things go smoothly every one cheers because it arrives early. Personally I would rather the game be late and be/look amazing than be on time and suffer for it. @Andre you wise old duck, I see KS in this case as more of just a funding stream. My personal experience of producing a game- along time ago, in a pre-digital age, is that May delivery is quite possible if the company are diligent. It's their first product and has plenty of potential for add-on sales so they have plenty of incentive to pull out all the stops. @Sully He he!! I see this is your first kickstarter. I remember tose free and easy days of KS innocence. *sigh* Well grasshopper, as most KS vets will tell you, 95% of ALL board game KS are late and usually by at least 3 months. Experience shows me that a 5 month production window is ludicrous even without stretch goals. Personally I trust the Everything Epic team to deliver around May as stated. The core game is clearly at an advanced stage of development. I think many of the unlocked stretch goals are trivial additions to the production schedule this far ahead of manufacture. Game looks great but we are all fooling our selves if we think this is getting delivered in May!! If I use my usual (and so far very accurate)KS delivery date formula: original KS estimated delivery date, +3 months, +1 week for every stretch goal, we are looking at around mid August, and thats based on just the current amount of stretch goals @Chris: I am trying to avoid excess shipping for international shipping on 2 extras: dd6 dice ($8) + grip mat ($15). Is it logistically possible to ship these included in a "Glory Seeker" package/box? If so, would that avoid the $8+$15 = $23 shipping charge? I ask because, on the home page currently, they are both listed with additional international shipping charges. Are they still being shipped separately, or is it possible to ship them included in the bits for the "Glory Seeker"... even when shipped internationally? Thanks, = Joe = @Paolo, in case you missed it from a few days ago, Chris gave a little more info, though not exactly what you are asking about- "It will come with some monsters and some other special items etc... It does not require the other Adventure Scripts to play... It is stand alone EPICness! :)" New Backer here! It's not an unnecessary buy if I've had it on the brain for so long and realized I would have kicked myself for letting it pass me by, right? Looking forward to sharing this with my game group! Hy does the Epic adventure Book in the addon comes with tiles and boss monster??? thank you chris you should put this picture on your frontpage can someone create a table showing what's extra between fortune hunter and glory seeker??? this will help people identify the value of glory seekr so far the homepage is really hard to compare by scrolling up and down Should be - Hope we get them (^!^) Thanks, they are generous extra stretch goals- hoe we get to them. The 175K Dragon King one seems very interesting. So if we reach $100k all levels starting at Adventurer include all the Adventure Packs? Perhaps if all the remaining stretch goals were not at the glory seeker level there would be more movement. If I was just seeing this project for the first time and took note that all remaining stretch rewards required backing at almost $250 I know that I would certainly pass. @Kevin AWESOME Thanks for the update! EOP Team, don't let up the steam now... there are 2 weeks of voting still to go! We are off to a great start, but lets keep the pressure on to hold onto that 1st place spot! Also Don't forget to stay active on BGG to keep us on the hotness list :) SotLT is in first place in five categories and in second in the other four. NICE! Thanks to All of Our Awesome Backers. As one of Secrets' Creators, I'd like to wish all of you a Great New Year! I'm going back to polishing the Scenarios. They are looking Incredible. wow your doin awesome on the Most Anticipated Games 2014 on BGG Mrs Howard here: Just voted for SotLT in all 9 categories then logged in on my husbands account and voted again in all 9 categories so you got 2 votes from this family - hmmm maybe I should create accounts for each of my daughters hahahaa @Morgan Thanks! I have voted now! ;) I BELIEVE!!! @Chris Right! I think the Interlocking Tiles should come before the New Character. Voted too :) voted Thanks guys for the votes. Really appreciate the support. Voting ends jan 18th and there is a lot of competition. So if you haven't already, please vote and spread the word! @Chris, thanks for the answers. Can you reveal some of the plans? :) About gripmats, do I add the pledge here or on their kickstarter? If here is it the same prices and discounts? @Rick, voted, I was number 54. I voted for SotLT in all categories for the BGG finals, <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. <url># of facebook shares, # of BGG fans, and # of backers, once we reach the target # required, we get deduct from the total funding required to unlock each Stretch Goal. @Rad - thank you! only 15k away from BOSS MINIS! @Kevin currently glory seeker includes the following: custom dice + trap pack + extended tomb pack + meridian of medusa + atlantis pack + drakkus pack + valhalla + epic adventure script. Fortune hunter can get the above packs as addons What is the best way to compare Glory Seeker level to Fortune Hunter level? Is there a graphical representation of the difference somewhere? Just scrolling back and forth on the KS page, it's difficult to determine the overall difference. @Thomas welcome to the team! You picked a great project to be your 1st! Also, on the $100k+ rewards- with just 4 days to go to get the extra $15k, we could do with many more Glory Seekers (or people to upgrade to Glory Seeker), so I think it's fair enough that the rewards give the incentive to pledge at that higher level. Personally I'm happy with what I get at Fortune Hunter level and hope to see Grandpa Potts ;-) and the Upgraded Tiles get unlocked. @Larkin, a lot of game projects I have backed alternate between a lower tier stretch goal and then a higher one. I guess for this project all the lower tier stretch goals are for everyone and the higher tiers are paying for more adventures (I would have preferred monster mini goals like the $100k ones lower down the stretch goals, but can live with things if we don't get them as the game looks fun). I pledged at Tomb Raider level and it is sad that all rewards from $100k on are only add ons we have to pay for. Hi, my first kickstarter .... I look forward to it. ...oh and should have mentioned- as far as I understand it, once the final 50 have been confirmed, all the 1st round votes are wiped so everyone will need to vote again for the final round. BGG Most Anticipated Nominations- well done guys, SotLT is currently at #26 (on the overall list) with 105 votes! The leader has 312 but considering that SotLT was only added 12 hrs ago that's an impressive mobilisation of support (the next highest game added yesterday only made it to 224th place!). Anyway, looks like we'll be in the top 50 which go forward for the final voting- stay tuned for Chris's update which I expect will tell us when and how we can vote- looks like we'll need many more than the 1 in 5 of us who voted in the 1st round. $900 to 85K now! Go Go Go !!! Top Downloaded File, 500 Backers, 1500 to next goal, In the running for most anticipated game of 2014!!! Now were talkin! Thanks backers for making this GREAT!! come on everybody Join in!!! @Chris minis...Minis Minis... MINis... MINIS... MINIS! MINIS!!! MINIS!!! should be possible we just hit the magical 500 backers xP I was just stating that that was the minimum amount needed to get us into the voting for every category. but I believe in the backers of this amazing game and I know that if we all band together we can make some truly amazing things happen like... GETTING THOSE BOSS MINIS!!! @Chris We should be able to get even more thumbs than That?, no I KNOW we can get more thumbs up than that! Tell your friends and spread the word! More votes = higher rank, higher rank= more new members, more new members= more STRETCH GOALS! :) Thanks EOP members for helping put us on the chart! if we get 2 more thumbs up at least we will be in the voting for every category the game has been nominated for. @Cody Thanks! those are the remaining add-ons. @Robert there is also additional copies of the game, doubleSix dice and additional d6 dice. but that is it. I swear, these amazing Kickstarter tabletop games are driving me to the poor house :-) I just pledged at the Glory Seeker level and just wanted to make sure that I am not missing anything. From what I can tell, the only thing that is not included is the playmats and t-shirt. Is this correct? Or are there other items missing from the Glory Seeker package? Can't wait to play this game! ...and every single vote could gain us a position so please help out! thanks to the 6 new voters we're now at #48 (with 66 votes) but obviously all the other nominations will get new votes too. But to put things in to perspective, the #1 nomination has 310 and the #10 just 163- so if most SotLT KS backers voted it could get to #1! BGG Most Anticipated Nominations- only the top 50 go through to the final vote- SotLT is currently at #56! Currently only 60 votes. What about the mini expansion to the Pnp ? This is the first Kickstarter I have ever backed at this high of a level (Glory Seeker) you guys better not disappoint! rank 11 on horror category xP Yeah added the PnP link on the nomination page too xP already at rank 35 for coop and 90 for thematic ok i will go thumb up for you @Peter- oops due to my flaky connection didn't see your last comment below in time... I did it- but see I've been just beaten to it, so I've deleted my entry. Anyway, it's now nomination #245 so let's get thumbing! OK I think I see how to do it- let me know if anyone else has it in hand! Here's the link to the nomination: <url>#item2999145 Hey Chris did you see the nominations instruction "Game designers and publishers are encouraged to nominate their own games by adding them to the list. Don't be humble and wait for someone else to do it"- and at least if you do it yourself you can pick the categories. I'm only a recent contributor on BGG (though been lurking for aeons, as they say) so not confident of doing it right when pressed for time. OK thanks Chris, sounds good, I'm off to order some standalone EPICness! Must admit Ms Ericson does seem to be half embarrassed and angry "I can't believe I have to stand here wearing THIS!"- give the poor girl some decent clothes and replace the PhotoShopped helmet and then she might show more enthusiasm. i really dislike the art of Valhalla Rising especially her face, eyes...looks really dumb...anyone has the same feeling as me??? the artwork so far is really inconsistent, it looks like the 4 horseman is from one game, and Valhalla Rising is from one game, and the rest of artworks are all from different games. While your game concept looks good, i felt the artwork is really the weakest point....this is just my thought.....i really want this game to be good @Chris- the Epic Adventure Script might tempt me- does it come with any components of its own? Does it require any of the additional adventure packs? @ chris : Love it! :P Want it! Maybe a new year resolution? ;) His name is accually Leif Ericson, not Lief. and Leif Ericson is a translated name from the true original Norwegian name Leiv Eiriksson ;) I added Valhalla to my pledge, would go for the glory seeker but its just too much money! Tomb raider plus two story expansions and the Valhalla would mean 40 dollars for shipping? Is that correct? 25 for the game and 15 for the add ons? Cheers! @Chris : Yes both Great games! Can yuo tell me more about the epic Adventure option? The campaign mode? I hesitate to add it to my pledge... :P Well I want to see $90k so we get Grandpa Potts from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang!... <url>"The glory seeker" and "The fortune hunter" and if it's worth 100 dollars more. I feel that I'm missing something! Thanks very much in advance I really hope that we archive the boss miniature stretch goal :) Happy new year everyone! @Martin look at the most recent update <url>#1 on the hotness list update 34 is the correct one. update 35 says"<url>"' Is it just me, or did the goalpost get moved? Reading Update #34, it sounds like we get the adventure pack when we get on the hotness. Update #35 makes it sound like we only get the pack if we make #1 on the hotness? Ha my clicking on BGG yesterday pay up xP Lets keep it up we are so close to #1 9 more slots till number one we are on the hotness list!!!!! :D Sounds good :) are there any future plans for a translation to german or any other foreign languages? Would be proud if I can help(with the german part:) Just give us some more rooms in the pnp mini game please!! I posted in a google+ group with around 8,6K members, hopefully some more will join this great game! Any chances for us Kickstarters to get the (or some) addons as print and play? @Scraps great mate!! ;) @Morgan Thanks! Oddly, everything worked just fine with Firefox. Onward to BGG comments and thumbs up! @Morgan I'm using Chrome. I even turned off AdBlock just in case. I'll give it another try with Firefox. @Scraps, what browser are you using? I think with either Firefox or Chrome you should be fine. Im using Chrome on my iPad and no problem. @Chris Thanks! I just tried registering again and got the same error. I submitted a report to Google via the reCAPTCHA help link but if it's a problem with the BGG website code then I don't know if they can really help. I have done it, it just takes a few minutes and gives us so much. ;) I wish I could register on the BGG site to help out, but their reCAPTCHA service keeps timing out with a 'could not open socket' error. :( Thanks Chris !! Come on Guys let's do this !! Love you like them ... It's just a pity that Tinypic lowered the resolution on them... if we help get on "the hotness" on BGG we might get a new adventure. Thanks a Lot ;) I'll make some monsters too :) an about my project I think it will rock ...prepare for a zombie infested and time travels all on the same Board map :) it will be a sort of zombicide but with something like 200 over chars no 3d minis just print and play 2d vintage coin op style...lots of bullets and normal and zombie chars in it. Anyway don't want to steal space here about my project !! Keep it up guys for secrets of Lost tomb it's cool !! Add Some more rooms in the PNP version please !! Yes thanks Paolo- very amusing and great that SoTLT has inspired fan variants even before it hits the shops! You have certainly captured that video game feel, I look forward to seeing some of your own game. Best wishes for your project, get it up on BGG! [IMG]<url>"board game geek" site yet. Good for a look and I found a lot of good information on the game. <url>"High Emperor Drakkus" but the fact that the other add-on adventure packs have 2 scripts in most of them makes me re-consider. You did say Drakkus would be available later? I was wondering if a price point has been decided on most of the add-ons after the official release? This user's account has been deleted. Thanks a lot. I really love that square mat with horseman at each corner...but 36 x 36 is too big for my table. @Chris - Will there be 24 x 24 Gripmat? I have a pledge at Gripmat already and the 4 horseman is probably going to be the design I pick it is damn pretty. While I love the new Double six dice, I love the symbols on the original six sides dice as well as I may make use of the different symbols WOW !!! The 4 Horsemen Mat is sooooooooooooooooo cool !!! I will use it when playing other fantasy game too.... 75K is just around the corner now ! @Nicolas well some people still dont understand how to read the table since i had seen people ask the same thing even when the table was on the main page. I think the point is people need to take the time to understand what you can get from different pledges Something like that... <url>" x 9" square... Mrs Howard here: @occam yes you can purchase the SotLT maps directly through the Gripmat Kickstarter. The Gripmat kickstarter has also said they can't print art work on both sides only on one but what they might be able to print on the white side is a grid overlay which is what they are still looking into. FYI, I gather these are available direct form GripMats: the "Comets and Portents" is 36" x 36" (+$50 pledge), and the "Historical Comet Chart" is 24" x 42" (+$45 pledge). And, as @Chris & @Rad report, double-sided is yet to be determined (direct from @GripMat). For double-sided (assuming the designs have to be preconfigured for pairs), how about: SotLT "Lost Tomb Cycle" GripMat 36" x 36": side 1) "Comets and Portents" side 2) "Boss Monster Artwork For The Adventure Scripts" SotLT "Global Domination" GripMat 36" x 36": side 1: "EOP --- Historical Comet Chart" world map side 2: "Four Horsemen" facing four corners... as in four corners of the world. Cheers. @Sandeep, great idea --- the four horsemen deserve some love! Perhaps with each horseman facing a corner (in the four corner orientations). I would offer that instead of "EOP - Dark Times" (which doesn't appeal to me at all, and I don't think it does SotLT justice). Four horsemen is another beast (GripMat) altogether. Bring 'em on!-) Any chance of a Four Horseman 36" x 36" grip mat? That'd be brutal. @Chris, could you give stats for the chart (36"x36" or 24"x48" form factor)? Also, but are the SotLT grip mats exclusively through SotLT, or also directly through GripMat? For those of us already with gripmat pledges (and perhaps logistically crazy), could we save shipping by ordering the SotLT grip mats direct with the rest of our gripmat pledge? (Not a crucial question, but for international shipping, it could save some double-billing on shipping.) Thx. @gripmat themselves still testing the double sided map so they are not sure if its possible Great news on dice. If you've seen one pip, you've seen them all. I want SotLT "Cool Thematic Symbols" on my dice... Yehah! Ahh, shipping mats separately makes sense. Thank you. On another note, are the mats double-sided? I am keen on the "Eternal Order of Perseus --- Historical Comet Chart" myself. Is that chart a 24"x48" or 36"x36" form factor? I'd love to have that and "The Comets and Portents" for variety. Thx for all the information. OK, found info on main page. I think that needs an update announcement. Also, I'm not keen on the pip DoubleD6. Are the custom game DoubleD6 still under consideration? Thx. Argh! Where is that information? Also, are the dice and mat shipped separately for international --- and therefore at significant shipping charge (and what is that charge)? Or could we (please) get them all bundled together for shipping together (fingers crossed)? Thx. @Rad, thank you, but where do you see the pricing for the mat and dice (OK, I see $10 for old-school dice, but not the oh-so-essential SotLT custom dice)? @occam just add the additional amount of $ + shipping for the add ons you want. At the end of the KS you will have to fill in survey or pledge manager to specify the add ons you want @Rad, please spill the beans. What is the secret incantation for adding gripmat? Ditto DoubleSix dice (if you know)? Thx. gripmat added xD @Paul well i have to agree that the content of the different pledges shouldnt be changed but i think its a good idea to make more add ons available (gripmat & double six dice) that people could purchase in addition to their pledges because these things could boost the pledge and helps open up more SG. As for interlocking tiles i think its available as one of the SG already Same here Sully. I ended up having to choose one of the options, but hopefully my comments made views clear, which is that I don't want to see fancy dice or gripmaps or interlocking tiles if that means less money available for actual gameplay additions, e.g. new tiles, new stories, new monsters, etc. @Chris which gripmat size should i choose for the world map design? @John glory seeker include almost all add ons except i think T-shirt, gripmat (since its new) and perhaps the double six dice. All add ons available for purchase for all pledgers SURVEY BUG? Didn't let me input an "Other" answer without also selecting one of the defined answers. Is all of the Glory Seeker stuff going to fit in the box? And when you say "Included Add-Ons", do you mean they're part of the Glory Seeker pledge, or available for purchase for Glory Seeker pledgers? Opinion question: Is the game better played on the longer mat or the square mat, assuming one has a table to fit either? Guys, the Apocalypse Horsemen pics are OUTSTANDING!!! Double Sided Dice = Double Six Dice (Sorry) Hello this is Mrs Howard, I am a little confused about the Double Six Dice. From your update I got the impression you are looking to replace the standard 6 sided dice with the new Double Sided Dice (Something I do not want - and voted so on the survey) but from the update on the Double Six kickstarter it sounded like you were looking to add them as additional dice to each of the core games thereby each game would come with both the 6 sided dice and the new Double Six dice. If this is in fact the case that would change my vote to a yes I would like to see the Double Six Dice included. Can you please clarify this situation. Thank you. @Chris You know I am a big fan and have been pimping this game out like crazy since I found it. I'm one of the super early Glory Seekers, but as we near the end of the campaign, I am noticing the Vault is looking a bit sparse. There is definitely value in the game and I'm not going anywhere but you may want to consider adding a few items/adventures to the vault above what you have to really differentiate it and make it an unbeatable value. I'm just giving suggestions, no negativity here. I can't wait to play! I noticed that the competitive mode unlocks both include new trap tiles and cards. Are those also usable for solo or coop play, or are they specific to the pvp games? @Chris & EEG: Could you confirm the secret (?) handshake and financial numerology to order 1 Glory Seeker bound for USA (e.g., $235) and 1 Glory Seeker bound for Switzerland ($235+40) = $510? Would that incantation succeed? Much appreciated. Kudos on the buzz, game design, and well-deserved success! = Joe = Gripmat got update on SotLT design!!!! Christmas was good to me this year. I don't have to sell my kidney to pay for my $100 pledge! Yay! Project still trending around the $100,000 dollar mark on quicktraq, Not bad but hopefully it will pick up after the holidays. <url>"mini" little Christmas! !! and we have minis for Christmas!!! Would love to know more about the Gripmat addon...I am getting two 24 x 48 from that KS. So close so close - minis for christmas please. Nice to see your ad on board game geek! Hoping to get those miniatures underneath the tree, tonight! Wow... looks like minis will be in those stockings tomorrow! Keep up the work team!! gripmat for sure xD Well, Bianca seems to be boosting the pledges nicely! Or perhaps it's the allure of the GripMat... We're picking up some momentum now. Hopefully, that carries through Christmas. Want this bad gonna try and get enuff $$ I think it would help pledgers make up their minds if there was specific detail or examples of how much the actual gameplay (not just theme and protagonists) varies between the different scripts/scenarios. @Chris awesome \o/ @Chris so are u going to add the gripmat as addon for this KS? its kind of sad now a days people just go for minis instead of game play, thats why i backed this and MA and not HQ, AVP, krosmaster or megaman because i believe the game play would be awesome I have only been a backer for an hour or so. I think as the mini's start to mount up there will be more backers. Even so, after watching the video of the game play it looks like a great game anyway. We will hit 70K for sure! This is a great game in itself even without those minis! After all this game is not minis oriented...the system and gameplay is where it shines! we didn't grow much these weeks, a bit disappointing...was thinking maybe because of the Christmas but looking at Machina Arcana, they've reached 140k now even no more SG and still growing strong. To be honest, i don't think this will reach my target goal (175k with all minis) 14 days to go, i will wait and see if i am gonna cancel this or not. I know chris has done everything he can do...but we are not growing well so far. @Chris dang i want that map gripmat, I was going to get gripmat before their KS is done but if i can get through the add ons then it would be awsome Do we fight the Horsemen all at once or separately? It would be cool if they have individual triggers to spawn separately and each have separate abilities. Let's get those minis on X'mas day! Sounds great!! Can't wait to see them. @Chris - Have you considered making the character minis a bit more animated. What I mean is that they all look like they are standing at attention. Unless there is a design characteristic that requires they all be in the same pose of course. I think multiple different action poses might make the minis look more exciting to new backers, and current backers as well. This user's account has been deleted. o_0 amount of backers going up but the pledge going down? This teetering on the edge of the $70K is so painful... So what would be the stretch goal amount for Mr Braithwaite to do all of the art in the game...? Will the new monsters for Men of Bad Intentions include **** to kill? This user's account has been deleted. After seeing the artwork for the horseman of the apocalypse I really want those to be minis! At last, I'm here to comment. Excellent work so far. Woohoo! Getting close to those minis! I loved the DoubleSix dice. I went and backed them. We can never have too many dice. :) Dang, and that should have been dodecahedra. Ah, childhood memories of rolling marbles at toy soldiers...before the life-changing discovery of wargame rules (thankyou the recently departed Donald Featherstone). BTW I must have been concentrating too much on spelling dodecahwotsits...I of course meant to say "fistsful". Oh the shame. Fistfuls of dodecahedrons are more likely to cause collateral damage on the gaming table. Slippery blighters en mass and they roll further. I'll stick with boring old cubes when I need d6, thanks! I've seen the DoubleSix Dice and thought they were really cool as well. Youd would haveto customize them like the green dice in the game. Nah, I prefer the traditional D6s.... I'm confused about the dice. From the home screen: What’s in the Core Game Box:* • Rulebook •4 Adventure Scripts (Double Sided) •50 Tomb Room Tiles •8 Character Sheets (More in Stretch Goals) •8 Custom Laser Etched Dice But there are 8 custom dice as an $8.00 add on, are they differant than want comes in the game? I'm on it! @Adam - lol, thats how I joined :) Yeah. I liked the idea... I thought the gain 2 courage would be like they had been indoctrinated... Then be more of a hindrance to the other players... if they had more courage. There's an interview? I would have thought i'd have to send some kind of resume with a photo of me in a indie hat first... @ Grouik No. It's not a word. You've obviously been affected by the coming of the comet... 'Your feeling's of disturbances in the 'tomb' are a reflection of nightmares you've been having since you were 5 years old. 'Night terror's' the doctor called them. You seemed awake, but were still fighting off shadowy figures reaching out for you... Make a 'Faith' check... If you fail (gain 2 courage) ... You finally realise the nightmares were a calling. Calling you into service. You must protect the tomb... Move to and attack the nearest player character... If you pass... (Gain 1 Faith) You shake the nightmares off screaming "No!!!!!!!" You hear a voice... This time, it's not in your head, "How dare you defy the tomb!" Shadowy hands appear in front of you and reach for your throat... (Spawn one regular monster). If you defeat the monster. You regain all courage +2. Yep... pretty keen to play this game... Bring on the minis! My fellow Perseusians (is that even word? ^^) I feel a disturbance in the tomb... The minis are approaching! O_o I'm not a big fan of shirts in kickstarters. Its just one of those things that isnt important to me. Won't make me not back or back more either way :) @Tom As the T-shirt designer and Graphic artist - thank you for your interest in our product :) we are doing everything we can to get as much of our product to as many people as possible. Our company was made possible by YOU the backers. "For the Gamer, by the Gamer" @chris so the shirts are not shipped together with the game? thats all i can ask :) thanx ah yes one compaint - why no t-shirts for us non-us people? too expensive to send? @Chris will do - just watched a Dice Tower vid - but now lets get this baby flying here so that we get all expansions @Chris "Our characters and the Eternal Order of Perseus have a lot of prototype weapons and sources to the Black market where they are able to obtain Lots of cool weapons and stuff" ...man, are you a slick operator ;-) Even without that compelling justification, it would be mean-spirited of me, having embraced the concept of the secret tomb and its denizens on a reappearing island, to take issue with an item turning up a year or so ahead of its "real" historical schedule :-) damn it now i have to buy this game and Fortune and Glory :) @Chris perhaps i missed it but are there `named` artifacts of epic proportion that the player can use like the necronomicon, mjolnir, the Ark, pandoras box etc. instead of a general artifact like the gem or scroll? Tom = da bomb posting vid on all my gaming fb site Concise and informative review by Tom. It was good to see more detailed examples of the various decks. Interesting (well, for me anyway!) to learn that the gameplay is set no earlier than mid-WWII (M1 Carbine went in to production late 1941). Is it me are is the first room explored in Tom Vasel's review incorrectly put? Otherwise great review with Tom as always! :) The Undead Viking Review was fun and complete! :) And he is right to be a proud dad! :) Where is there an X on the objective cards? O_o I do not feel it goes with the design. :) Sorry that was a spell check auto conversation. .. thank you UNdead Viking :) Yes thank you Dead Viking. We really appreciate your time and candid feedback. I loved the colorful description of what you felt like while playing the game! Great to see the Undead Viking review! I love reference to Twilight Zone! It's about time physical games started being compared with other media besides other board games! I can't wait to see the stats of the "Most Adventurous Gamer" because the solo player is gonna need big guns and abilities to take down those bad guys! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I believe that backers are investors...we take risk....so I guess some exclusive stuffs are great incentives... @Grouik- indeed, if people didn't buy now it would never be available. Personally I like exclusives to be relevant and useful. Plus it is normal for backers to have more stuff in their games after all they helped make the game. You can always buy the game in store later without the exclusive content which is not mandatory to play. I agree with Jorge Barreiros that exclusives are a bad thing. It makes a project like this a "buy now or never" decision for me personally. I have not made up my mind yet. Will the exclusive Drakkus expansion be available for pledges outside The Gloryseeker, by the way? @Chris, & Tom, & Jim - ... see ya soon! ; ) @Chris - I feel much better now. ; ) "Rodger" "MacPhee" ... the Maori!? Come on! I want his Maori name!, not his 'adopted by a Scottish science teacher' name. : P Sweet, so I guess this was one of the final two he was talking about. Cant wait to see it! Thanks Chris! @Terry, Tom Vasel said he's no longer doing paid previews. He said he had two left to do and that was all he would be doing. Maybe another reviewer from the dice tower would do them, but I took it as they wouldn't be doing them any longer at all. i thought you are asking dice tower tom vasel to give the game the review??? the numbers of backers probably will boost significantly after the video is up. any idea when will it be available? McPhee has been reached! Now onto the miniatures. The reorganization of the site is working. Good work guys. I have a question about game play. How replayable do you see each adventure? Once you beat one, do you think most players will be less likely to play it again, or are the adventure cards and tiles diverse enough to want to play it again and again? Kickstarter exclusives are always a point of contention, but I do think they suck. I understand the allure and I know they are incentives for some people to back. However, I can't really find any satisfaction in knowing I'm getting something that is exclusive. All it really comes down to is that some part of the game will be denied to future players other than me just because they couldn't back at this time, didn't learn of the game until after the project was funded or simply wanted to wait and see (which is a perfectly respectable position). It's also a way to paint yourself into a corner as a designer, because there is a part of the game you must design, support and produce that will not be made available to a large majority of your clients and won't provide you with future income. Some gamers with completionist tendencies may feel they have an "incomplete" product. Someone once suggested all exclusives should be accessory stuff, with no impact on gameplay, and I do emphatically support that point of view. Also, I think a great compromise is time-limited exclusives (e.g: something made available to backers in the campaign will not be made available to the public at large before 1 or 2 years after launching). I'm not really complaining about anything or anyone, just speaking my mind. And believe me, if this was in March/April, I'd be a Glory Seeker in a heart beat. :P And AWESOME, now I have to go sell a kidney! :P Also I completely understand the reasoning behind exclusives: The previously mentioned Boss monsters had something like 20 cards, several of which were bosses and heros, special level up tokens, foil prints of each of the bosses, including the bonus ones, and a nifty gold sleeve for the box (If I'm remembering them all) as exclusives for backers, but all of those were stretch goals for the basic $30 pledge. Sure at $50 we got the mini-expansion for free, but that will also be on sale in their store. I can understand there being exclusives, I just think putting some of the exclusives at 4 times the cost of the basic game seams a bit extreme, especially since those backers are already getting EVERYTHING else. Well if I can get "Emperor" as one of the 2 choices, then I probably would pledge $95, if I can somehow get that much in 21-22 days. I guess I'd just need Chris to give me the okay for getting Emperor as one of my 2 choices... @Rad -:) @realm nice so mini SG by tomorrow then? @Chris - We just featured Secrets of the Lost Tomb on an update to the Awesome List members, so we should see a jump in pledges and backers. It hit over 1000 inboxes. With any luck that should open a few more stretch goals!! @Chris no problem you can also added something digital like MA, for example story book, art book or soundtrack/music etc. Some people dont like it if u charge them for PDFs or soundtrack as add ons but some of us dont really mind since i see it as paying for IP. It does help with getting more pledge and game immersion. @michelle its more efficient if u pledge on EB tomb raider $95 you get most adventurous+ zombie + 2 packs (1 of it can be high emperor). for explorer pledge $80 you get most adventourous + 1 pack (either zombie or high emperor) and need to spend another $20 to get the other pack, so in total u spend $100 for 1 pack less compared to EB tomb raider $95 @Chris sorry i wasnt too clear, i didnt mean the vault of perseus content, i mean something like the t-shirt, its an add on that u can get by pledging more $ but not included in any of the pledge levels. Since im already at glory seeker i already get everything except the T-shirt but i cant get those since im not in US thus i was thinking perhaps u can add something that the glory seeker can add like dice bag, card sleeves or something that didnt impact game play (fluff) so we glory seeker can contribute more for the project. btw adding dice (its there already) and perhaps the blank templates (available as SG already) as add ons will help too. Here's my thinking; This seams like it's going to be among the level of epicness as Runebound and Arkham Horror. Those games I've spent hundreds on buying addons over the years. So I have no problem getting them later. If Drakkus will later become a purchaseable add-on then I'm more than happy to hand out $80, and just get Zombie as my pack of choice. I've just always felt like it was poor sport to have some really nice addons that were out of everyone's reach. Last game I backed was "Boss Monster" and the only pledges over $50 (I understand a card game is cheaper than a tile/board game, mind you) were early release, or extra freebies. The base game was $30, so 60% more than required got you everything that wasn't later offered. With this base being $60, in my opinion anything more than $120 for "non-purchasable" later offers doesn't seam fair. I'm not talking like "your own character" or "your own dungeon" style things, just expansions, or other ways to play the game type things. I dunno if that makes sense, or just seams like I'm complaining... Anyways I think I'm gonna sell some stuff I don't need any more so that I can get that $80. :P Oh... okay so you can't get all the exclusives unless you do "The Glory Seeker" as High Emperor is part of Vault. Well that's a nice how-do-you-do. Wait, the $95/100 goal is the first with Zombie. That'd give me 2 packs, which granted gives me an extra that isn't a limited time only offer, but still.... So then to get Zombie, Most Adventurous, and High Emperor, the Kick starter exclusives, all I'd need to do is pledge $80? That auto gives Most Adventurous and Zombie, and I'd just choose High Emperor as my pack of choice? I mean I'll gladly buy the others down the road, that is... @Chris is there any plan to have additional fluff add ons for glory seeker (which already includes all gaming related packs), like dice bag, extra mini (when theyre unlocked), plastic tokens etc? zombie pack also exclusive xP @michelle KS exclusive would be currently 'most adventurous gamers in the world' and 'High emperor Drakkus' @michelle all with 'KS exclusive' shouldnt be available later on I have a question: Are all the add-ons going to be available later? I'd love to get pretty much every add on you have, but only have a limited amount of funds available due to the holiday season. I wanna at least hit "The adventurer" but if I'm reading it correctly, unless you hit $235 or higher there are several things you can miss out on... which is about 4 times what I have to spare at this moment. However I'd be more than happy to get several add ons at a time as the months progress... Any chance of drakkus exclusive as addon? Alot of us cant afford the glory seeker but really dont want to miss out on an adventure pack forever So as a fortune hunter level and we hit stretch goals, do i get the minis included for each adventure pack? Or gotta pay extra? Please review shipping to canada. $40 is very high. Can understand other countries but canada and mexico shipping should be way less. Its almost a deal breaker for me and my canadian buds. Only just noticed (following Takapa's comment below) the small print about the $100k Boss minis relating to Glory Seeker level- suggest the word "ONLY" is added to avoid disappointment. Personally I'm not fussed about minis, but if it it's what people want, we'll all benefit in some way- overall I think the new accelerated stretch structure is EPIC- Chris & co I salute you! Nice to see that all pledges are close to the character miniatures now. And I hope that seeing all these "included in Glory Seeker pledge level" starting from 100K will be a good motivation to upgrade some pledges ! How is it possible not to join the Eternal Order of Perseus now ;) when i backed Journey: Wrath of Demons they had some sort of promo such as limited time free offer , if you pledged before the certain date, you can set certain minis for free. After that period, it's the paid add-on. Maybe you can do that to, people usually spend all the money before Christmas, so you can create some freebies that is unique and set deadline to 25th december. here is the example from that game they called Early supporters: Xi Fung as a free gift to some backers that pledged before 28 October, 21:30 EDT. Second Time Limited Gift: Backers that pledge before Monday 18, Nov 4:00pm EST may get a free gift. Great update! :) I want minis! :P Glad to hear you are looking into the options of painted minis. Hope you'll have some good news soon. And please keep painted minis as options, just in case there are backers who like to dip minis into paint cans, just like oreo and mike. Great changes to the schedule and format of the front page. Looking forward to the stretch goals now. You guys are awesome. I love the new Stretch Goal Chart! Thanks for considering backers input! This will certainly keep the ball rolling much better! Posted a news thread under SotLT on BGG talking up the new stretch rewards and levels. It's amazing how much you listen to the backers and how hard you're all working to make this game as great as possible. Thank you! Will there be options to get the mini painted out-right? I have to say, I was very happy with the game the way it was already presented. This update blew me away! I can't believe how much extra value has been added to the game at much lower stretch goals. I can't think of any reason for someone not to back this now. Wish shipping was bit smaller for us canadians. Awful steep i think we need to make SG more easy to encourage more people pledge especially minis...lots people care about it, 250k for minis scared people away @Chris yea i like the new front page, I think it makes it more clearer especially regarding pledge level I like the stretch goals set up personally. Yer gonna hit 200k easy i bet looking at kicktraq we are going negatives these 2 days I see in the video you can immediately go down to lower levels. It seems like it would be more adventurous to have to explore to find ways to the lower levels. Would that break the game if some house rule like that was used? Hopefully the previews by Tom Vasel und Undead Viking will generate new interest, but at the moment it seems pretty much stuck. There needs to be more going on on BGG. Since I love Betrayal atHotH this game seems very eintersting to me, but of course one needs to spread the word.... ;) also to be honest it seems a little steep to have the next stretch goals each be 10k and only give me one new character. it doesn't seem like enough bang for my buck at all and doesn't motivate me to up my backing because I'm fine with where i sit right now. and 250k for minis just seems unlikely right now seeing as how slow the momentum of the backing has gotten to lately. we got to 50 k in week one the added another 10 k week 2 and it seem we're heading for only another 5 k for week 3. just my opinion as i am new to kickstarter and idk if this is how it normally is here. Ya it aint bad. Im just a minimalist :) For example AVP miniatures box , arkham horror and LCG . A great desl of people buy based on first impression, the box art. Interior art is great of course Love everything except the box art. Feels cluttered. A darker feel would rule. A nice logo with dark background even. Im an artist my trade so its first thing i noticed. Wow, quite a timely response! I didn't mean I was pulling out because I like the game concept and have faith that it will only get better but I see the pledges and number of early bird glory seekers slowly declining. I think that this is the reason why. I hope for nothing but resounding success with this campaign. Let's hope for the best. The pledge total is shrinking. I think part of the problem is that there is not enough to differentiate the Fortune Hunter level fro the Glory Seeker level. A few extra tiles, 3 dice and one adventure script does not seem worthy of the extra $100. I'll wait another couple of weeks to see but putting the minis in the Glory Seeker level picture and making them a $250K stretch goal was a bit pre-mature. Yeah i like tom vasel he got almost the same taste as mine so i trust his opinion Any ETA on the game preview vids? xP We're so close to Alligator McPhee. Come on guys let's hustle, we can do it. Lol. Thanks! @ EEG - Chris - Thank you, I didnt know about the extra $15 for shipping (it makes sense) So, only one question left. Can we upgrade our pledge level & add add-ons after the project has ended?(in the survey / pledge manager) And hurray for EU-friendly project! Good idea to indicate it right on the front page! I am soo looking forward to Undead Viking's video! @Arto: By my math, FH EB is $10 cheaper than what you calculated. Unless you hint at the cheaper international shipping on Tomb Raider level. This is indeed the question (unless shpping won't be increased to $40 once you add addons to your tomb raider). I have to ask this...as backer from EU Why should I pledge @ Fortune Hunter EB, when I can get the same things cheaper with Tomb Raider EB + 60USD (2 adventure pack + outdoor tile pack) Or am I missing something???? @Creator Thanks for the extensive reply to my questions...I really appreciate when game creators do that. Again thnaks. Don't forget there's always the possibility to use house rules when playing table games. It's easily done to suit your style. But I do like to see what people are thinking. May start collecting good ones and use them as house rules if I feel like to. :D Very impressed with all the support for the project. You guys (we) are amazing. I'm already dying waiting for this guy to fund.... at which point I'll be dying for it to ship. :) Backers, Wanted to thank you for all of the positive feedback we have received on the tutorial video and the resulting coments. In just under 2 days, the video has been viewed over 400 times! Very humbled by all of your participation in making this dream become a reality! @Chris "I am going to open a BoardGameGeek.com Forum about Game Mechanics and Balancing!" - good idea, BGG threads should make discussion of specific mechanics easier to follow, rather than have dialogue mixed in with other KS comments...hopefully everyone has access, as there are many interesting points being made here. Also would increase content and activity on BGG and help raise the game's profile. There are some mechanics questions already posted there for you. +1 for Craig's interesting ideas on rolls. A Yahtzee style check roll would be interesting. It would add a challenge to the roll, introduce tactics and strategy to the roll and provide a game within a game aspect. It would also offer a range of opportunities to change characteristics, that would add interest to that part of the game...though it would take more time. Sacrifice one die to re-roll the remainder, or sacrifice a token to re-roll all die. A single 5 and/or 6 fails the check, but no really bad consequences...room not explored, item destroyed from top of item deck, etc. A pair 5 or pair 6 required to just pass a check. Three of a kind 5 or 6 passes the check with a once off bonus die buff. Four of a kind passes the check and permanently increases a specific attribute Full House passes the check and receives an increases an attribute for a number of turns Short Straight with pair 5/6 passes check and receives a heal/bonus health Long Straight fails check but increases a a heal/bonus health Five of a kind permanently and temporarily increases multiple attributes RE Craig's point- Rolling 1d6 per attribute point, succeeding on a 5 or 6 is a common game mechanism. The balancing factor is how many such d6 successes are required to pass a particular test/check/challenge/whatever. I assume this has all been tuned in playtesting. @Everything Epic I also though the rolls in the video seemed to overly favour the human players. You said "that's only a 33% chance per die" In fact, for 2 die, the total combinations is 36 (6 by 6). The total combinations which only include 1 thru 4 is 16 (4 by 4). So there is in fact a 55% likelihood that the player roll will succeed. With three dice, this increases to 70% (216 total outcomes versus 64 outcomes that do not include a 5 or 6) For 4 die this is 80% and 5 die 87%. and 6 die 91% This appears to be a significant imbalance in the game, because in most rolls a player will buff up with an extra die, meaning in most rolls the player will have an 80% or better chance of success. If the player opts to re-roll the chance of success will approach 100%. To me this is a real weakness in the game mechanic, because it essentially makes the game procedural to an inevitable player victory, without in reality challenging the players at any time. @arto u pledged for a boardgame Okay...Im in....now, what have I pledged for this time??? ;o) @EEG : No you do a montage phot like you already do : <url>"what has happened?". The answer is (this one is simple) that Libby has entered the room adn successfully passed the Labor of Hercules test. On this one <url>"What happens to Mickey and the Olmec head after he rolled this result?" etc... :) Just looked up the GripMat-KS... Yes it would be fantastic if you offered that as an add-on, it would save me a lot of shipping costs the Germany. Money that I could invest in more nerd-related stuff :P Yes so happy to see this video! :) You know EEG you could make a game with images? Like your montages on BGG : What did the character do or what will happen? In one image you have a dice roll, the character card, one equipment (optional) and either a room and/or a monster. Coudl be very fun! ^^ Loved the cliffhanger ending to the video. Priceless! @greatlich , @Steve Thank you very much ; ) VERY NICE gameplay video ! Thanks a lot. Game play looks great and seems to play well. Don't really see the need for grip mat or interlocking tiles. Can't wait to get into the tomb! I agree with Joseph Alden-Sawtelle that regular square tiles, like those shown in the game play video, are fine. They are slightly easier to store and shuffle. If a GripMat would delay delivery I would be against the addition. I am already worried that adding minis will delay delivery of the game. Not to discount the opinions of others, but I have played numerous tile laying games with regular old square tiles (Carcassonne and Betrayal at House on the Hill come to mind as prominent examples) and they work fine. Interlocking tiles are nice but if the shapes tessellate (are of a uniform polygonal shape and fit together with no gaps) I don't see a particular need. Shared the game play tutorial video link on Facebook. GripMat: will you offer a gripmat as addon fro the game? As I understand it, the GripMat KS does not offer any EU-Shipping so it would be an excellent way of obtaining one for us EU-backers. Plus, it would be extremely useful for the game since you can do without interlocking tiles (whose drawbacks have been mentioned before). Forgive me if this has been answered earlier, will the Adventure Packs be available after the campaign. I can not afford to up my pledge to obtain them now, but most certainly would like to pick them up later as my game group gets further into the game. thanks for your responses, much appreciated Now the question is: GripMat or locks? I vote for GripMat as it's multipurpose. But that's just what I desired. :D Excellent video. Special mention to the fact that the video is easy to follow (because of the clear and slow pronunciation of Chris and the presence of many texts) even for someone like me who doesn't easily understand spoken English. Glad you all enjoyed the video and are even more excited about the game. Keep sending in those great suggestions and posting to all the new content on bgg. Thanks for the clarification! Video looks great! Still, would like to see more decision making, interacting with the group, for a cooperative game. The first rounds were: okay, I do this, draw a card and have to roll a 5 or 6. I do the same. Me too. (okay, overly simplistic, just trying to make a point.) Maybe you could focus a little bit about cooperative strategies anytime soon? Really love the setting and the artwork you guys did and I would really love to see a little more "depths" to the game. @barry: #2: quoted from the FAQ on the main page: "Are You Shipping from Within the EU and from Within other International Countries? Yes! Shipping to you from within the EU and other Countries! We are working with Amazon Fulfillment to get these games to you from a much closer distance to your home country! Trying everything possible to keep shipping prices down for you! " Otherwise I wouldn't be here ;-) Good video, the game has some interesting mechanics. It does, however, look to be a bit easy - you appear to get bonuses everywhere. Plus, when you stay together, it looks quite easy to kill bigger monsters, since you get +1 die for every character in the room. Shouldn't there be a maximum for this (say +2?)? few questions which may have been asked before so apologies: 1) what does EOP member mean in the pledge descriptions? 2) is this going to be distributed EU to EU for us Euros to avoid customs/VAT costs etc 3) what sort of age appropriateness for the game to be able to play with my kids - both from a complexity and scariness perspective thanks muchly Nice video. Explains quite a bit about the game. After watching I'm still not sure how movement works. The video showed three clumps of tiles not connected. Was this to represent levels or was it done to facilitate player reach at the table? It seems the 3 levels setup contributes quite a lot of space. Great video btw. Just to balance my previous comment about risk of late change- interesting rules suggestions such as @Alvaro's, that don't require component changes, might still be easily played as house rules, which, over time (through discussion on BGG etc) could easily be incorporated as official optional/advanced rules- to be posted on the EEG site and perhaps by printing a single-page sheet for inclusion in the box on later runs? EXCELLENT work on the video and playthrough, it's entertaining and informative- and substantially confirms my hopes for how the game plays. We should soon see it boost the rate of pledging and accelerate progress towards the stretch goals. I've a few questions and comments on the rules etc which may be resolved by watching it again (can't do that yet as currently in doghouse for sitting through breakfast watching it with earphones on- couldn't wait!)- if not, I'll post on BGG once the Vid is up there, as probably better managed as individual categorised BGG threads rather than the single KS comments page. I'm sure the Vid will prompt many interesting suggestions and hope that everyone is realistic about the necessity and potential adverse impact of change at this late stage of the development cycle (presumably design and testing pretty much complete and printing and other physical production lead times looming). NOOOOOO its a cliffhanger xP Great video and great work guys! :) 1 question about the courage : You said that adventurers regain help the courage of the monster correct? I thought the terra cota had 2 so this would be 1 courage only no? 1 remark : For visibility reasons around the table monsters should be double sided. Just take the one on the bottom of the deck so that you do not know what you get. also something similar for monsters when deciding where to move it if all players are scattered . everyone rolls and the person with the lowest roll is the one who the monster goes after . it was great, looks really fun to play and I love how everyone is working together . makes the game more fun. About combat though, I think if a monster Is in a room with more than one player it should automatically target the weakest player and if another in that room wants to "jump" in instead to help their buddy ,they roll a dice and see if they are fast enough or something to intervene and fight it instead. I don't think the players should decide who the monster attacks because ..lets be honest.. if you see your buddy has 1 hp left and has -9 courage nobodies gonna have the monster attack him...but if u add this dice rolling mechanic, it will make for an exciting "I'd jump in front of a bullet for you" scenario where friends can have the opportunity to help each other. just my two cents though. finally !! please ..I just want to see this game !@!!! Video Update - Its DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just waiting for Chris to review prior to posting. Hope you enjoy. @Chris : yes I see that! :) OH no!! 13 pieces of silver are missing! Who is the traitor? ^^ If you do not sleep soon Ninjace you will end up uploading a video about a cat rather then the game demo video! ;) Many thanks for your hard work! :) Video is in final render. Worked 36hrs straight to try to get you the best quality demo. Provided there are no issues when I review the final copy... your demo will be posted very soon Another good way to spread the word about the game. You can also use the badge as your avatar on Boardgamegeek. Thanks, normally they are on the front page as well. @Chris - any plans on making some backer badges, so all can see our support? So close so Close Just bumped up from Adventurer to Fortune Hunter. I just couldn't resist all of that extra cool stuff. We're now less than $200 from the next stretch reward. less then 500 drachm needed! :) Golum Keas the ring is this way! Please drop the shiny vase! Look the ring is in this bright red room, trust me... :P Almost to "The Grail", issss sooo purdy, I wantssss it. To Golem??? Less then a thousand doubloons and we have a new stretch goal! :) :))) Seriously I thought there was a 48h hours validation on BGG for videos no? :[ Thanks Ninjace! Should be okay by Tuesday on BGG then! Great job! :) Pulled an all-nighter putting the finishing touches on the video. Nearly finished. Thanks for your support and patience. Just 9 more mins to Edit, then just have to wait for rendering and posting. Your wait is almost over! the only thing I haven't done for you guys on bgg is the rating but I would rather be honest about that because that will influence people on the game so I want to tell you ill hold back my rating until at least the game play video comes out so I can be as honest as possible . I believe credibility will help you guy a lot. By the way, I came up for air and saw that we are now only 1400 away from the next stretch goal. Nice job team! Video update - As promised keeping you all informed. The base video is now complete and rendering. Once its done, I will be working though the night to put on the finishing touches, then render the final video, hopefully in time for you to watch while eating your favorite Sat morning breakfast :) Very nice Review! :) Igor says : "Count Dracula is as Blind as a bat so he got lost! ^^" @ Rhaz : Stop your Forgetfulness, the sun destroys yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuu... *Phroutsch!!*.. Too late... Alas poor Pharaoh who only wanted to Rule the world (like a B movie cliché Bad guy!^^). @ Scott : I agree! Let's not do anything we will regret. @ Rhaz : Now you've done it your Fumbleness, your Gold Sandals are all sticky! I may have started this discussion on interlocking tiles and now I feel somewhat responsible. You designers know your game the best. You know what you had in mind for components. Don't let the mob rule if you think interlocking tiles will cause production problems, production delays or more importantly quality problems. @ Rhaz : I am but your humble servant your Immortalesness... What can I do to help you Oh' Bluest of Pharaohs? Maybe something for your bad breath? Scarab Breath is very last Millenia... :P @Alavaro : You wee it soon! Probably before New Year! ;) No EEG do not unleash the Mummy's curse on me, AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG.........; GUYS i'm dying over here the teasing of the game preview has had me checking up on this page ever for the last week since it was said to be coming out...when is it coming I need to love this game even more I think if the room does change allocation (slide/rotate/sink/rise/etc) quite often, interlocking would be more problematic than using GripMat. With GripMat you just pick up the tiles and change. Tiles are not stuck on the mat, it's just hold them so side-way movement cannot be done easily. With interlocking you need to unlock, change, then lock again, which can potentially damage the locks quite quickly. Issues with interlocking : are more easily damaged, bad découpage can be annoying, if the tiles are small it will be bothersome, you can have issues deciding how to interlock tiles (okay does this tile have 1,2,3 or4 possibles entries?) thus slowing production, problems with your mechanics (moving rooms), a bad look (some rooms would look ugly interlocked), etc... Looks like we owe you some new content to like and comment towards on BBG... as of this morning there is a new leader on the hotness list... but no worries, with our new tutorial video releasing VERY soon, I am sure there will be plenty to talk about. Keep it up EOP team! Lets put SotLT back in its place at #1. @Karsten : Why not back at 1$ that is what this is for no? :) Hi! While you are at it, could you also inquire whether some kind of EU-fulfilment is planned for the Grip Mats? I won't back it until there is, but not being a backer I can't leave comments to ask for it. It's a vicious circle! GripMat sounds a useful accessory- seems I've been using one for years without realising it, in the form of a table protector that my wife makes me use before I take over the dining table (the top surface sounds exactly like the GripMat though the bottom is soft fleece, so isn't good for holding the mat in place on the table)...BUT because it makes it hard for things to slide around on top of it, it could be problematic for tile placement games where you might need to keep adjusting the position of the board as it grows. @EEP : I have a preference for interlocking tiles but that really depends on how the game and the board is made. For small tiles square is fine. Also if you have interlocking it might mean you have to define is there are borders for example. If some tiles move through the game (spinning tile, tile falling to a level under, etc...) interlocking tile would be troublesome. Even if in general I prefer interlocking for stability on my table, that may not be wise with this game. @EEP - I think it all comes down to how tiles work in SotLT. I'm planning to get myself a GripMat anyway, just need to measure the dimension of my tables at home. From what I've seen, GripMat is probably the ultimate solution to all games that have lots of movable parts that need to be placed on table. I'm greatly impressed in the video capturing what GripMat is capable of doing. If the GripMat has some theme on it, say, SotLT theme *wink wink*, rather than just some random galaxy picture it'd be a bonus. :) @EEP - nice one in getting contact with GripMat. I think I can see a SotLT themed GripMat coming... :D Hey Backers, just wanted to send out a thank you again. Its no small feat to have been at Number 1 on BGG for almost 4 days in a row. We wil VERY shortly have more material to post. Keep the great feedback and comments coming - THANK YOU!! Tiles that can be slid around as an interlocked unit sound like a great idea to help manage a "map" that can grow unpredictably and so might need shifting around a bit. Since I started this, I vote for interlocking tiles. Bigger would be better also. I'm not fuss about interlocking tiles as I'm thinking of getting myself a GripMat (another KS running atm). That should solve all the problems with game tiles in any game. :D I vote for interlocking tiles too. The dials on the character cards keep them safe from the table being bumped - it seems fitting that the tiles get some protection too :) I also vote for interlocking tiles - but they'd have to be of high quality that fit together perfectly. I'd be really annoying if these didn't fit together well.... Interlocking tiles for sure. It's so much easier to play with when your not knocking tiles out of place every time you add a new one, or when someone nudges the table. i vote interlocking It looks like my promoting this in my game circle worked. A few others are more enthused now that there's more solo info and I think a couple might have backed! As for interlocking tiles I love the idea, but I'd rather have bigger but not too big. I reserve judgements on tile size until after the video is released. Chris, when is the next Vault item going to be revealed? The adventures are so varied, that each new one is an excellent surprise! The second Stretch treasure shall be thine for the week endeth... So says Rhaz Azhal Blue eyes that have seen the future... :P I have two questions. Some of the photos over on BGG show some pretty crowded tiles of adventurers and monsters. Are the tiles in the photos the same size as planned for release? Do the tiles interlock in any way? Can't wait for the new preview. Thanks. Video Project update - Video is nearly complete. I am putting the final touches on it today. The finished product should be posted by tomorrow. And as it is 25 mins long (and quite enjoyable to watch if I do say so myself) you can sit back with your popcorn and favorite beverage and see the first global preview of SECRETS OF THE LOST TOMB! :) Wow EOP team, momentum continues! already passed the 1st stretch goal and are almost 1/2 way to the next - Great Job! Also hear that thereis a glory seeker update on the horizon - Stay tuned! Asian Influence ! Nice ! I am from Asia. So when are you guys going to add more stuff to the Vault? So far it´s not a great deal upgrading from Fortune Hunter to Glory Seeker... <url>"bainweed" nice :) So glad we hit funded. This just keeps getting better and better. And, a Shadow type story would be Fantastic. What about some kind of Warehouse 13 or Grimm style adventures. I think with Grimm as hugely popular it opens up those fairy tales to some really interesting stories/adventures. I know they aren't tomb raiding, but they could definitely be tweaked to work. Lol. Just my random thought. movie time i prepare the pop corn xP @Ninjace - (Im)patiently waiting for your great update. :D Hey Team, I know you are all axiously waiting for the gameplay video. I am working very hard to finish it ASAP. We had so much good stuff, we planned on a 10-15 min video... and I had 50 mins of footage that I was able to cut down to 25mins... so very soon you can sit back and watch the tomb in action! Thanks for your patience - It will be worth it :) Arg sorry... Gameplay video available on BGG! :) Good morning. And wow, dashing heroin now. Hmm, a nice start of the day I guess? :D More than half way to the first stretch. Very nice. @Brimstone : Sorry I am French (baaah!!!) and I am far from fluent in English... :( You are correct Chris it would be a great series and it is back in style with games, books and series. Warehouse 13 is in the same Area as is The Librarian! Captain Sky of course... National Treasure, the Mummy, Rex Mundi comics... So many things to read... And in games : Adventurers of course and Fortune and Glory. :@) @Groulk - I think you mean "heroine". Dashing Heroin has a completely different meaning. But hey, if that's your thing... ;-) Now to write a Secrets of the Lost Tomb Soap Opera! With Christopher St George as the Good Guy! Bianca the dashing Heroin! And last but not least Rhaz Azul as... Evil Incarnate! ^^ @ Chris : Thanks! :) My girlfriend and I will love both your games! @ John Wrot : I did not se your KS about the Tower Defense Game until too late... I am very sorry I missed it. Is there another way to get your game? :) @John - What's up? Nice to see you here. Congrats my friends! For who knows what game lurks in the hearts of players? The Chris knows! O_o Did you do a character good or bad based on the Shadow? :P Any relation to the Rocketeer? :P What do you think? First stretch goal tomorrow? :) I´m happy if the minis are supplied assembled. Woohoo! Funded! \o/ They're coming to get you Barbarossa! EB Adventurer is all gone. Next will be EB Fortune Hunter, and then EB Glory Seeker #2. Ninja them when you still can. Btw, nicely funded! :D BAM funded lets streeeeeeeeeeeeetch!!! So happy to wake up to a funded game! :@) Onwards to stretch goals! Lady Rockets awaits! @ EEG team : now you have to change the front page. The first image of the video should contain Funded and the next attainable stretch goal. And just under what was obtained. The stretch goal list is too far down nthe page ow. ;) Are the minis going to be painted?....or are they going to look as they do in the home page? Woot! Funded! It's such a great feeling to know we are all a part of this. Onward to the stretch goals! ok thank you very much for the clarification I was starting to stress a little . I don't want someone else getting this cool game. cause I wanna play it asap. Congrats Chris!! Great to see this funded!! @Alvaro - Once the campaign ends you'll get a survey of sorts in your email to clarify what you are buying, add-ons, etc and in that survey will be the shipping address. I asked chris but he hasn't answered me yet sorry if this has been clarified already im new to kickstarter question isn't it supposed to ask us for our address so it can be shipped to our home? caus ei didn't see where to add that when I pledged 30 minutes ago If we make it to the mini stretch goal will there be minis for each and every character including those in the adventure packs and on the stretch goals or only for characters in the core game? Same question for the boss monsters will there be mini's for each and every boss including the ones in the adventure packs etc or just the ones from the core game? This is just the beginning ! We will be here celebrating X'mas and New Year !!! WOW !!! AWESOME !!! Let me be the 1st to welcome Barbarossa and all of YOU to the TOMB!! FUNDED!! Can't wait to start putting those "achived" stamps on the Stretch Goals!! @ Glen, very good suggestion! You can play with 8 !custom! dice (which is why we have included that many) but if you play well, I have seen players roll up to as many as 12 dice on a power roll.... very cool to see that cascade of dice hit the table :) $350 to go... it could all be up to one backer to bring in Barbarossa and bring us to the 1st funding level! Who will it be? One Word - Dice Come on everyone wouldn't you like to have a nice shiny set of dice for each player? Add some dice to your pledge so we can show barbosa the way to the Lost Tomb Come On ! 3 more new Glory Seekers will do !!! $922.00 away, so close. Woo hoo. Wow, and we pushed Pathfinder Card Game off the top, that's something. Thank's for the EOP explanation, and I love it as I am a HUGE fan of the Persues myths. @Grouik, love the Librarian series (I love Noah Wylie anyway). My favorite is the first, but the other two are just as fun. I think, for me, they kinda edge out NT, even though I still love the NT movies. Now, to just get us that last 900$. Home Stretch!!!!!!!!! Final 1,000 untill the base funding goal is reached... then off to the hunt for MINIs!! @Chris I've been commenting on them a bit. I'm the "Haroldthulhu" guy XD I finally got to put in my pledge last night, once I made sure the budget could cover it. (Tis the glory I seek!) Don't know why I haven't said hello here till now though... huh. *shrugs and waves* Hello! Howdy! The more I look over the pictures on BGG, the more fun this game looks! :D I can't quite afford Legendary like I'd like to though, so I guess I'll have to call my character Sir Not Appearing In This Board Game. :P 11th hour... 1500 to go. I am literally at the edge of my seat! This is so exciting! ! @Rad: Glory Seeker is too expensive. Plus, I don't really need the minis. @Karsten Why not EB2 for glory seeker? Sooo, uprgraded to Fortune Hunter EB. It's good to be an early bird for once. :) yes on BGG! :) I know we will! :)) @Chris : On your character Montage we see 3! Heidi Dupont in lower right? :) There are at least 3 female characters. Does anybody know what the mix of male/female characters is in the base game? So far, I see only one female (in the base game). oh only 1.532 more yeah we can do it OK so I saw it was similar to betrayal at the house on the hill and I jumped in for $60! That way it adds to the sexiest backer ever award We need mistletoe for this kiss... 96% FUNDED !!! Just a kiss away !!! WOW ! Juraj is here too !!! You current project is awesome as well !!! #1 on the hotness list on BGG? Wow! Just Wow! @Chris ha ha I just read your comments at MA, yes i also backed MA looks really cool even without minis and game play looks really interesting @juraj hey u here too?? welcome xD Wow what a way to start your day... wake up after rendering all night to find out the tomb is at number 1!! Wow are you guys and gals AWESOME!!! lol! Indeed @ adam : you seem to already be infected by the madness that permeates the air of the tomb! ;) Another Tomb raider here. Looks great guys. Can't believe I only just found out about it. I was only saying to my imaginary girlfriend the other day that we needed a Indiana Jones type board game... Now Shut up and TAKE MY MONEY! Awesome looking project I must say! From the illustrations to its components, keep up the good work! HQ should not have been done on KS but on an European platform. Big and sad mistake. SotLT beat HQ in BGG. Wow. Just Wow. Nicely done. :D Top of the hotness on BGG. Great stuff. ATTENTION: Only 29 EB2 Glory Seeker left !!! We will be funded if they are all taken... @Ninjace... Why don't I believe you? ;) @Ninjace - I'll be sure to take Mr. Round...Short Round...with me on my adventure. @Greatlich - Completely agree - You are all awesome... kind of feel bad to send you into the tomb to deal with all of its horrors... ;) I guess it may take another day before this project can be funded ! I believe everyone has done their best EOP Team, I wanted to thank you agian for your continued support. It is 11pm EST and I just finished the base game play video, it is in the process of rendering, so it will take a while to finish before I can put the finishing touches on it... but trust me the wait will be worth it. The team of EEG staff and volunteers did a great job creating a "table top-esq" video for you. I will keep you informed of the progress, but know that the video will be released very soon. As night falls over the sea, Barbarossa begins to lose sight of the land... will he make it to shore to find out what lies in the Secrets of the lost Tomb...? I'm shovin' off! I be goin't'sleep now landlubbers! When the cold of me hook wakes me up you better have recruited Barbarossa you mangy curs! Or polly will eat more then a cracker! ;) thankyou for the kind welcome :) @MCBain Welcome to the hall of legends MCBain - Let me pull out your Chair, join a seat at our table and be prepared to feast on the soils of our triumphs over the tomb! Normal for Mc Bain! :) Also a Legend! ;) i'm in for.....legendary :) Is there a new legendary? Or is it a new hero? Great pledge anyway! :) Barbarossa, Red Beard... Hum... Which brother is that? :) And is he a good guy or a bad guy? If he si bad yes we should vuild a signal fire... to lead him to his dooooommmmm!!!! Mouhahahaha!!! Hum... Sorry... Got a little carried away (yes away not overboard thank you very much). Are the Sharks ready to eat? :P 11 hrs to go and $7000 of bounty is still missing from the war chest. We have 242 EOP members out there, keep spreading the word... there is a fog rolling in and if Barbarossa is going to make it to the shore... he is going to need some help... lets work together to build that signal fire! We all agree! :))) Must be thanksgiving! ^^ In KS yes! But on BGG with a pledge as a prize yes:! I participated in quite a few! :) Contest not allowed for KS Ah yes I,remember somehting else! A contest! With a pledge as a winning prize. So if I remember you cannot do it on kickstarter but must do it on BGG under certain rules. You have 4-5 easy questions but the answers can only be found for example on the pictures hosted on BGG, on the KS site and in one of your videos! And you have a lottery to determine the winner. Please check all rules and regulations but this works well! :) Let's not get side Kicktraqued here! ;) Can you not ask this in an update? Publications and Posting? Or are you the only one who can do this? Is there a way to make the game hotter? : <url>"WOW" the tomb is at number 3 on the charts, and got a big smile on my face... then thought "Hmmm, wonder if we could reach number one..." Thoughts? okay then! One curses eyepatch for Tom! ;) @Grouik you said the first answer gets an eyepatch - you didnt say it must be the RIGHT answer :) @ TOM : I do not see a ressemblance? Only 36 EB2 Glory Seeker left! These will certainly be the last ! a variation of the illuminati symbol? Can somebody explain to me what is depicted on the Order of Perseus Symbol? One Cursed eyepatch to the first who answers! :P Some have class... B-) How does a pirate ship land on a tomb? Is the tomb extraplanar? :P Have to admit that the Pirates of the Cariban depicted a very Cthulhuesque Flying Dutchman Todays ranking reports are in... and.... WE ARE NOW NUMBER 3 on the HOTNESS CHART!!!!!!!! Thank you for the amazing support! 21hrs left to see if Barbarossa's Ship lands at the the lost tomb... or sets off to sea...? Almost at 42K... we will need all hands on deck to achieve this high seas goal! Good Luck Mateys!! Perseus? Why did you choose this name? The only greek hero to have a happy ending? :) As a monster hunter? his magical items? While waiting for national treasure 3 do not hesitate to look at the 3 movies in the Librarian series! :) Hey guys, love how this is shaping up. Been crazy busy, but definitely going on BGG to talk up the game. Also doing some FB love also. I had a question, it might be a stupid one or been answered but what is EOP member? And a National Treasure type storyline would be epic. @Christian That's glad to hear. The cliffhanger has been bugging me for years. Not that I'm crazy about the trilogy, just wanna see the end of it. :) Only 4 EB Adventurer left !!! @Maken - I work in Hollywood and I just wrapped a commercial with one of the cast members of those films and I can tell you that it's at least being scripted, but there is no motion on actually filming the third film yet. In at Legendary... would love to name a character after my wife! Game looks like a ton of fun! looks too cool had to jump in at EB Fortune Hunter National Treasure. That sounds interesting. Btw, is the final of the trilogy coming or the series is dead? Also can we have a "Sexiest Backer Ever" award? It would be really awesome if you had National Treasure inspired scenarios...including the yet unrevealed Page 47... Only 1 Day for the "Black Beard"-Event and i don´t had time yesterday :-( 39666? This Kickstarter is doooooommmmmeeeeeddddd... O_o The number of the Dark Pharaoh has risen... or is Barbarossa still not done? i cant see if we got 50 new at pledeg 55+ so update ? +51 people :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is now on BGG's Hotness! Check it out: <url>"You are the best backers in the world"! Aladdin and the King of Thieves Hint: It's a treasure hunt movie. 10 points to Gryffindor whoever gets this quote. "I want to see some resumes on these guys and don't let the one with the beak near any power tools." and the wife talk to the wallet :) damn it had to upgrade to Glory ...to much material :) awesome Sweet Baby Cheeses! 35K! This campaign is going to be an amazing one to be a part of. Sweet Baby Cheeses! 35K! This campaign is going to be an amazing one to be a part of. K done commenting xP @Ninja - This project started 4 days ago and we are already 70%...this is very encouraging for a newcomer...so I hope this can be done in 7 days...Once we begin getting Stretch Goals, more backers will join... @Greatlitch - I like the way you think! Almost 70% Funded ! Let's get this done before Monday then we have a month to work on Stretch Goals, Add-ons, Gameplay !!! we are up 19 backers, surely? Good Start to the Black Friday Special Everyone! - Currently up 12 out of the goal of 50 new backers and up to 40 fans with an excellent rating on BGG! Thank you for the support, and keep spreading the word... only 13hrs to go! If you guys wish to help out, please use the backer's badge of this KS. This will help to get attention. Reminder: If we get 50 more backers (In the next 24 Hours) on top of our OVER 170 current backers… EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive the “Barbarossa’s Barbarism” Adventure set. i clicky click at BGG will comments as soon as i get back home from work xP Just stumbled upon this by accident. I'm an official Glory Seeker now! Dumb question... what does EOP member mean (I've only briefly skimmed the whole project here at work... shhhh!)? @Chris - I am still very hopeful we will hit the black Friday deals, if not however, would it be possible to turn them into incentives for early backers? Either as free gifts or low add ons before a certain date for those backed. This may help get the game funded quickly and keep the backers you have already (as they know they will lose their free gift if they bail out). 55 EB2 Glory Seekers left...they may be gone with in a few days...Grab them first !!! How does the cooperation/interaction works? How can heroes help each other out? Is it better to be together or separate? @ Chris : Great answer thanks! :) just posted a comment on BGG .. Hope it will go in the right direction creating a game for board gamer by board gamers.. cheers :) Will do it soon! :) I am a little worried about the game on one point : There seems to be a lot of possible actions and a lot of different icons, is it not confusing? Also on the charcaters on BGG and the ones presented here, the circles of moral and xxx? seem different no? Just went on to BGG, thumbed up all the pics and made some comments. Took about 5 minutes so hopefully all the backers on here will do the same! Do you think it will be possible to put the extras like miniatures and perseus pack as addons to buy ? Do you think that all the adventure packs will benefit of great arts from george ?? Sincerely i don't like the art for the adventure The hunt for nautilus ...it just a photo of a **** soldier posterized ..does the monster will be in colour or black and white ?? The only problem for me with HQ or other table games with minis is that I really don't like painting. And the minis look so off-putting unpainted. Therefore I really hope the minis in SotLT will have an option to be painted out of the box. :D Heroscape will always be my all time favorite game. Infinitely expandable, every piece interacts with every other piece, variety galore, and the only limit is your imagination. i doubt that or they need to get good lawyer which will probably messed up with their initial budget calculation for the game Yeah I noticed HQ too. Sad pandas for them. I hope it comes back up as I want that game too. HQ is down licensing dispute xD they be coming down here now @Grouik. Same here...I am from Hong Kong....the only game that gives me Free shipping is JOURNEY because they are from Hong Kong @Greatlich : I would love to but this is outside my price range, and I have a 40$ shipping to add! There are 63 EB2 Glory Seeker left...Now there are two bonus expansions for GS, seems like more is coming...so the value of GS will get higher and higher...Grab one before it's all gone... I agree... Even though some say art is worth dying for... You need to be alive to appreciate it! :P @Grouik Thank you :) Glad we can add to your enjoyment of the adventure. Just don't get too distracted by the art... a monster might sneek up on you ;) Aha, that is why I was not sure. You have different artists. Do you have the names? They do great work! Bravo Ninjace and George P.! :@) Love it so far! :) Is Patsouras the Artist? It looks similar... non? Also can we have a small description of the characters and what renders them unique? I see a military man, a mobster, a photographer, a femme fatale? Are the monsters thematic to each adventure? Ah ha! Sorry I had not read the FAQ before! Is a campaign mode credible? Or does it not combine whith the idea of your game? Maybe this is the achievement system? Hello! :) Just joined the pledge! :) Have alost of questions but I know most of them are answered! Game Video (just below! ^^) Rules PDF file? :) Do not forget to ask for video/podcast previews by known reviewers. About adventures : I see 4in the base game and another 8 in adventure packs. Does this mean that a specific adventure has little replayability? Otherwise : Love the theme, the graphics, the cooperation! :)) :@) Thumbed all available images. For those who haven't...get to it... @ EEG - Be sure to release gameplay video...that is something SOB didn't do and has cost them backers...another big mistake.... @ EEG - I like this approach. Don't make the same mistake that SOB did...that EB Mine Cart has caused lots of problem... Seems to me Glory Seeker is a bit different from MC in SOB...it only includes addons listed in the pledge level description...I believe further addon are not included unless they fall within the Vault. You're welcome, and thank you for making this game! I played it at Metatopia a few weeks ago. I wouldn't have even had the chance to play if the 4-hour game I was in that morning hadn't ended three hours early. I imagine the Glory Seeker level is similar to the Mine Cart in Shadows of Brimstone, only more affordable (I backed that too, but only at Outlaw). I wish I'd known that there was going to be a Vault of Perseus with extra stuff free for Glory Seekers and above when I first pledged. At the time I'd done the math and saw that if I added the add-on price of the things announced for Glory Seeker that aren't in Fortune Hunter, it came out to more, so I pledged Fortune Hunter initially and missed my chance to get a $225 Glory Seeker slot, but at least I was able to get in at $235. It would be cool if you could post some pics of zombie monsters What about a character inspired by ash evil dead in a pulp theme .....epic Love the artwork from patsouras ...same artworks of agents of smersh . The minis are realistic but seems a bit too static in my opinion . They are cool anyway . @paolo this game is not dungeon crawl so the dimension between minis and tiles doesnt have to be proportional, i think If minis would be too high they won't be not proportional with little tiles? Ah there we go, resized the image ;) Hmm avatars seem a tad too large and cut off here <- @christian they workin on gameplay vids i thin they said it should be ready this weekend Also if you can get reviews, gameplay videos, lore videos, lots of updates, always staying connected to the backers, this campaign will go far. Also, be prepared for the mid campaign lull. If you can keep that lull to a minimum...you're golden. If this game is on boardgamegeek.com, put up a ton of pictures. The more people that thumbs up every image, the higher up the hotness chart the game goes and it will become very likely the game gets noticed. @chris profile images for backer of this KS xD --> see greatlich profile picture and u know hes backing labyrinths KS, so we need some profile pictures for SotLT too @christian good call havent seen it yet that will help with more exposure That means the minis are compatible with SoB xP If those figures are made, what scale are you looking at? 28mm? 32mm? 1/48? I love the look of this game already! Awesome! Can we also get some profile images? Is there going to be any optional deluxe figures or painted minis? I know others like painting but Heroscape spoiled me and I'd love pre-painted minis. yep but its 80 bucks more and im pretty sucked out due to BGG charity and other KS - can we upgrade after the KS ends ? Also doesn't come with Minis and the bonus items for Glory Seeker @ Tom The Fortune Hunter doesn't come with the Trap and Tiles Expansion and Dice 50% funded in 2 days ! Very Nice ! looks awesome just had to back : question im currently at Fortune Hunter - this should give me everthingexcept the tiles and minis correct? if i wanted that i would have to go for Glory Seeker Also, just popped in my mind. Will there be a collection box for Glory Seeker so they can put everything neatly in the box? SotLT themed card sleeves also maybe? :D @Maken X - Once again you have read our minds :) Should be posted tomorrow. The new addition sounds pretty cool and exciting. With so many more things to come, I'd like to suggest a compare table to show how many things are included in Glory Seeker to attract potential backers to raise their pledge to get the best value. Just my 2c. ;) The Vault has arrived! Glory Seekers have been rewarded! GREAT ! Thanks for the very thorough responses. Sincerely, Your newest Glory Seeker Right !!! Everyone goes crazy in that 10 mins...but that captures some excitement in escaping a tomb full of traps and riddles...just like Indy ! The only tomb raiding game I have played so far is ESCAPE....Anyone played it? RIDDLES!! I hope it's a true worded riddle, or riddles with math. Not just find red key to open blue door silly things. :D @EEG Thanks a lot for your hard work...TRAPS are certainly something that keeps TOMB amazing....It would be great if there are RIDDLES as well....: P @makenx - yes we are ;) and this feedback makes it all worth it! I love that Four Horseman of the Apocalypse...a few days ago people were yelling at SOB KS about them... @EEG Chris - Just had a look at your website. It seems your art director is working very hard. :p @EEG - It's great to have more EB Glory Seekers. We are moving fast now...it would be great if you can really have a HUGE BOULDER in the game......LOL @ RMK - Hey ! Great to have you here !!! @jdadams - Yes the game will change each time you play. Tiles, events, monsters etc will be different each time. Extreme replayability!! We are in the process of updating the game play video. Stay tuned... more of the Secrets of the lost Tomb universe will be revealed shortly. Very intrigued, but I would like to know more about gameplay. In particular, can you talk about replayability? I know there are many scripts, but is there much replayability if you were to replay the same script? For instance, is the setup of the tomb random every time? Are events and enemies based on random card draws? Its official - 112 backers and $20,000 in the 1st 24 hours! We have been tiredlessly working to bring this game to life, thanks to your support, we are rejuvinated and excited to share even more of our dream with you! We are confident this project will be funded, and as one of the 1st comments stated... only question is how many stretch goals will be reached? So look forward to more announcements and tell your friends - "THE TOMB AWAITS" @Holly - Spot on! We feel the same way!! This game looks really cool. I love the "Serial" adventure type games, but many don't really give you a nice depth to the game. I like the "Betrayal on House on The Hill" type ever-changing story. I can't wait. @Christian Villarreal - You honor us with that statement! We have a lot of respect for those games and hope to one day hold rank amongst them. Nice, earlier, than SoB :) may 2014 Hi, guys. I'm already made a pledge, but can not find any info about estimate date of shipping our boxes. Am I blind?)) sorry for my english, have not practice at all) @Manticor they said EU shipping is a fact This game needs to be funded today...this game could potentially dethrone both Arkham and FANG for me... @Epic: Do you have plans for shipping from within the EU as so many other KS creators do? This will draw a lot of attention from here for sure! And that last update just got me to raise my pledge to Glory Seeker, and got us over $20,000. Can't wait to see the Vault of Perseus!! @EEG - Chris Maybe you can make a pledge reward table, showing the content breakdown for different tiers. 1st Intorductions - for those that see my posts I was the lead art director and co-designer for the Secrets of the Lost Tomb project. Now that you know who I am... Wow, these comments and feedback are great. Thank you all for your support. I am humbled and recharged. Can't wait to share with all of you all the great content that we will be revealing during the Kickstarted journey! @John Wrot: Upon actually showing her the kickstarter page instead of just saying "hey I pledged to another kickstarter" she has been convinced and we are now backing for a full game. It looks great! @Chris: No worries, I got your back @John Wrot: The King's Armory looks really cool. I backed it for $50, but then my fiance was all "hey didn't we just have a conversation about how much we can afford to spend on kickstarter" and I had to lower my pledge :( I really want to play it, though. I want to arrange some game nights with Chris and anyone else awesome in the NJ/NYC area at some point, so if you live around there (which you do, right?) maybe we can play it then and she'll like it enough to get a retail copy. She's mad about boardgames as well, so it shouldn't be too hard to convince her. Everything seems back to normal, but it's possibly just a ruse by the tomb to lure us into a false sense of security. Best to stay wary. It's back to normal for me. For a moment it was showing a weird text image as the main image, but I refreshed and now it's the picture of the box. Hey guys, just a heads up, the main project picture just looks like a big wall of text. Wow ! Last Two Glory Seekers...they are gone fast..... @ EEG - I can see you guys are well prepared !!! Thank you! WOW ! Only 6 EB Glory Seeker left !!! @jdadams1 I thought this is a coop game o_0 Pledge levels and main page have confusing descriptions. Main page lists Outdoor Tile Pack also as Adventure pack 5, but many pledge levels list "all four adventure packs". @everything epic games, Backed at $1 so I can get alerts and leave comments. Considering backing for more, but I am a bit leery about player elimination, as that is usually a dealbreaker for me on games. Can you talk a little bit more about if/how players are eliminated from the game? Thanks! Is Journey to the Tomb Outdoor Tile Pack? @Creator OK, not adding another Core game, but other add-ons. @Greatlich I have backed plenty of projects. There are just some unclear items in this project, "maybe extra shipping costs, maybe not" "there will be extra stuff in Glory Seeker" (but description for lower goals say that all stretch goals are included). I think once people drop from the shady HQ KS they will eventually come here and we will get the ball rolling for this one @Sean yep true that but i thought u were talkin about some kind of addons credit or something @Sean - No Problem...Only 8 Glory Seeker left...It is always wise to grab first talk later...LOL @Rad Heh, if you reread my post you basically repeated what I said. @Greatlich Thanks for the heads up. I will stay where I am to see what happens. I like the idea here. The art design has a Smersh feel, which is great. @Tahd - Most people will pledge EB as soon as they can...this is a long project...you have enough time to make changes...it is very common that people jumps between pledge levels... @Sean Also EEG also said that there will be extra items for Glory Seekers level later @Tahd you can pledge an EB now and change later if you change your mind. @sean if we dont hit the SG for mini the difference between glory seeker and fortune hunter would be 10 traps, 20 tiles and 8 dices @Tahd if ur not planning to get more than 1 core box then i dont think its gonna be a problem with shipping and if u do want more u can do that later on with the pledge manager and it would probably recalculate your shipping too, at least thats my experience with bones Quick question here. I am currently in at Glory Seeker, but if we don't hit the minis stretch, does that mean that the Glory Seeker is basically the Fortune Hunter with $48 in add ons? I just wouldn't want to pay more than I have to in order to get everything. So what does it mean? I would expect to be to pledge now and get what I pledged without coming back here to more money on shipping. There are not going to be EBs left to change pledge level at the end of campaign either. Nice looking forward to the gameplay vids thanx, btw shared the homepage on FB for more exposure Complex... Most KS don't do that. @Tahd if its a core game add ons prbably u will get additional shipping cost especially outside US Tomb Raider in $25, Fortune Hunter (and higher) $40 to ship. Will there be increases based on add-ons for Tomb Raider? Is there a plan for gameplay vid? or at least game rules? @Creator That shipping does affect the pledge. If that information is only available later on, and it would have made sense to select higher reward level, then it's annoying that have missed an EB level. Just decide if there is going to be extra and put info on the front page now. "natural 20 on d4" ...Hysterical! : P A good first day, my friends. This is John of The King's Armory. We've got 44 hours left, come check us out if you got the chance. Jim, the guy 2nd guy to show up in the video, is my dearest of friends. It's an honor to have already sent so many people his way. And thanks to all our backers for mentioning us here. Sixpence, what did you think of TKA? Looking forward to that gameplay video! And I love the art. Medusa is flawless. Note that lower pledge levels include all stretch goals according to descriptions. From my understanding...No Are there extra shipping costs if add-ons are added? BTW I do hope that there will be 3D terrain or item to enhance gameplay...such as Traps in Indy 1 ! So...grab an EB Glory Seeker while some slots are still available to save $25 I think it has been explained in a comment below...they are going to add more stuffs to that level Can someone explain what's the point of Glory Seeker when adding missing add-ons to lower pledge is cheaper? This is a great start to the campaign! I can't wait to see what it's like when I wake up tomorrow. I found out about this from a demo at Metatopia, where's everybody else coming from? A bunch of you are apparently coming from The King's Armory, which I am now going to google (good job crosspromoting there) Is there EU shipping? Hey, sent here by The King's Armory also. Looks like this should be a fun game! I just found out about your project from The King's Armory kickstarter. This looks super cool! What if we are unable to unlock the minis? What will the Glory Seeker get instead? That would be cool... Are the deadly trap and extended map packs duplicate of those tiles in the core game? Another Glory Seeker here ! I am a HUGE fan of Indy and Laura...that's why I am here...hope you won't disappoint me...I am looking forward to seeing the game demo video...GOOD LUCK on your journey ! Does the Glory Seeker pledge come with the minis regardless of stretch goal achievement? Good Luck guys! Chris does an impressive job of running a table, getting new players up to speed, and keeping games interesting. I'm looking forward to seeing how this game turns out. Glad to hear the option to have prepainted minis is being considered. I hope this will be available. Look forward to seeing the gameplay videos. This KS to me is a well thought out project atm. Will the boss minis be painted? An option maybe? We finally launched! The dream is becoming a reality!! You may have first comment, but I have first pledge! I'm really looking forward to this. Good luck with the campaign! I'm very confident it will succeed, the question to me is which stretch goals will you meet. Looks awesome! Can't wait