I got this sad news today. MEMORIAL FOR RICK ROUSSEAU It is with great sadness that we share this news with you. On Friday May 31, 2013 Richard Rousseau died of a sudden heart attack. Rick was a loving father, husband, son, brother, and a most trusted friend. He was a force of creative energy in the Art Materials industry as a retail buyer, manager and ultimately the owner and founder of the design and development firm Artist Hardware in Skokie IL. The void left in Rick’s passing will be felt in the hearts of everyone that has ever had the pleasure of knowing him. Rick is survived by his mother, Kathleen, father Richard, sisters Karen and Sharon, wife Jennifer and his children Henry, Ella, and Will. On Friday, June 7th, 11:00am everyone is welcome to attend a memorial service and luncheon at their church, The First Presbyterian Church of Evanston, 1427 Chicago Avenue, Evanston, Il 60201 . The family asks in lieu of flowers for donations to be sent to either your choice of Art Reach Chicago (a not for profit art community outreach program affiliated with Lillstreet Art Center) or to the Rousseau Children College Fund. Ple Where is my Brush? Please send some news! Are you guys ignoring all wholesale inquires? When can backers reasonably expect to receive their brush? I have not heard anything and it's been a while. Thank you. i love my brushes. they are the best...i love my brushes...don't try the rest..i love my brushes. Just received my Brush and I must say the paint brush part of it is just great. There is so little friction when using the paintbrush that it is a pleasure to use. As for the rubber tipped stylus it seems to work better on my HTC Desire HD than the HP Stylus I was using all these days. It seems to glide more easily on the glass when compared to the HP Stylus and therefore feels stiffer when writing on the screen (which is good IMO). Thank you very much for delivering such a quality product. Brush received! It's awesome, I also love the felt case! I've have gotten no response from the creators or the company... Not even that Matt guy who tweets all day long... Great product its worth the wait! Where is my Brush? or at least an email? anything? I have not received anything here in Brasil... Not even an email. No Sensu in the mail, and no response from the creators. What's going on? on guam, got mine, two weeks ago, works well with practice...even my hamming weakly artistic fingers could use it straight away with Auryn Ink and Sketchbook, feels great in my hand and people watch iin wonder as i paint my digital coconut trees! I didn't receive anything yet in Germany. Have they all be sent already? I used it for the past weeks an now I am convinced the this is a great product mhmm.. I am still waiting for my brush. Did anyone else in the UK (I live in London) not receive it yet? Just received my brushes , and tried on different apps. I am not really impressed. There is a lot of delay from the stroke and the actual draw. If you look at your videos it gives a different impression on the actual behaviour. I will certainly try it out more and give a better feed back. Hi. I just received my sensu brush here in Brazil. Tks Marisol. I received my sensu brush today. Here in Brazil. The brush is pretty good, but the other side of the brush is not so sensitive. The brush is so shiny, stainless steel. Thank you Artist Hardware! received my classic chrome sensu brush today! Looks really really perfect and feels awesome. This experience was worth the wait. Very cool product - keep on going and all the best Still waiting on my Brush.. :-( Would love to carry the Sensu Brush on my website guys... Stil waiting on my brush :-( Hoping the limited editions are shipping soon...... Arrived in Singapore. Loving it. Wonderful! Sensu arrived here in Germany - its behaviour is different from what i expected (the touchscreen is simply not sensitive enough to really enable brush-like painting) but i think it´s an interesting input device nevertheless. Did you get my mail to <email>? I had changed my pledge to two brushes, but only received one. M. Patricia, my guess is the black stylus is stuck in the cap and thus has caused the bristles to be pushed back. Get a little flashlight and have a look inside? First, I love my Sensu brush. I'm doing digital painting again for the first time in years. But I did want to let you know that I picked up my Sensu this morning and discovered that the black stylus tip had gone missing, and that — despite my putting it away very carefully each time — half the brush tip had gotten bent back at a 90-degree angle. I'd happily get another to replace it, but since I took such care with it and still had this happen, I'm reluctant to do so. Still waiting here in Brazil. Any news? Hi Kongkong, The Gunmetal edition of Sensu finally arrived this week. We have inspected and are shipping them out now. Thanks for you patience. Got my Sensu a couple of weeks ago (Australia). The weight and feel in the hand is great, the functionality is spot-on. Very happy. The only thing I would offer as a slight suggestion for later runs would be to look at the cap design. It works brilliantly to protect the stylus tip/brush which is not in use, but the risk of damaging the brush by misaligning the brush with the cap is pretty high. A suggested fix for this would be to look at having the open end of the cap tapered/at an angle rather than perpendicular to the body of the cap. This would allow the user to place the brush, at an angle, against the pointy side of the cap to locate it, and then pivot so that the brush lays into the cap nicely. (Makes more sense in my mind as opposed to in text. But happy to discuss further if you'd like.) Apart from that? Sensu-sational! I am waiting Sensu(Gunmetal edition) from Korea. Last update All gunmetal limited edition brushes will ship by April 15th. Is it still not shipped yet? I am waiting from Italy. >Have you some notice for me? THX:-) I got my Sensu for a week now, I am so regret now havent purchase for more. It is so good that can get rid of the other stylus. If goes to open sale, I am gonna get another one or two ~ Been playing with the Sensu for a couple weeks now on and off and I admit I am hooked. Will be buying more when you open up the online store, especially if you start putting out different sizes and shapes. Even the stylus itself is much more solid than some of the ones sold online. Going on Vacation for 2-weeks next week and hope to sit on the beach and do some iPad painting. I just gave you a nice review on iMore too. Love the brush.. A++ job! I haven't received my brushes (Australia), I'm wondering if there's a list available to track the shipping progress? I'm not being impatient I just want to make sure the parcel hasn't been lost in transit while I sit around thinking they haven't been sent yet. In Calgary Canada. Still patiently waiting for my brush. When will these be making their way to Massachusetts? Still waiting... :-/ Yay, just got mine today (Canada). It's a dream. Thank you so much for this wonderful brush! Hi still haven't received mine here in Canada. There are traces of rust on the inside chrome-plated brass. All about six brushes has these signs. Is this a normally? <url>"basic" styluses. Even just drawing feels more natural and easy than a plain styus. Thank you for this amazing product! And I love that you guys included a case (not just the cap). I have a few other precision stylus, but I don't feel comfortable carrying them around with me, but the sensu brush will go where i go! If you can't tell by my number of !, I'm incredibly happy about this, best kickstarter ever. Excellent brush. Thanks for understanding that product design and quality standards outweigh the pressure of rushing something to market. This brush truly brings the feeling of painting to the iPad and was well worth the wait. Love the brush - definitely worth the wait. Love this! The stylus responds beautifully on my 3rd gen iPad and the brush is the most responsive of all I've tried. Really felt like painting. No waiting that fraction of a second for the response. Love the balance! And both instruments in one unit. All your pains-taking has really paid off! Great job!! Still Waiting (Malaysia) =D Patiently waiting Hope I can get my brush soon. (Hong Kong) Glad people are receiving their brushes and enjoying them as much as i do! I got my Sensu Brush today (Phoenix, AZ), and all I can say is WOW! This thing is worth way more than what you plan on charging; the nib and the brush are very responsive. If Bamboo can charge 29.9 for their Wacom stylus (which is similar to the Sensu nib), there is no reason you can't charge more. The weight of the brush is perfect, it won't weigh my pocket down, but it doesn't feel like its going to break with normal use either. Im so glad you added the extra felt case. Not only does it protect the Sensu when its not being used, it polishes it every time I take it out. Even thought it took a bit longer than expected, this innovative team utilized the "updates" section to keep us informed of the product, not used it as advertising space like some projects I have backed. I can't wait to see this product in retail stores. I hope to see more projects from this group, as I know I will be jumping on board to fund them in the future. Good Luck & Thank you! I've got my brush today! I haven't had much chance to test it (showed up right in the middle of my artist's block), but I did play with it for a short time, and I love it! I'm wracking my brains for something to draw, but I can agree with Jinho that the stylus does seem to require more pressure than should be necessary. That is mildly disappointing, but as this isn't any official review, I'll play with it more and see what I think later. I recieved mine just now. I have tested it for a while. Brush works great! It's very nice. However, rubber stylus is not very good enough, it needs more pressure than I expected to use. I live in Australia, hope mine arrives soon ^_^ Just got it! Awesome job, I love it! Mine was dropped off today, near Portland, OR. Awesome stylus and great weight and balance for that natural painting feeling. Good work! Just got my sensu brush and I am thoroughly pleased. It is by far my favorite stylus thus far. I think all backers will be extremely pleased . I was surprised by the difference it makes when using it on iPad. Success in my opinion. Thank you. Has anyone rec'd their brushes? i'll need to fund $5,- extra for the int. shipping.... how can I do that? I'm looking foward to the arrival of the brushes. I'm happy and pleased that you took the time and effort to create a well built product. The fits and starts that you had are common to ALL manufacturing jobs - it just happens that yours were more public than others. In any event, I can't wait to see the Sensu brush and the best of luck to you both in the future.... Thanks so much for creating this product, guys! I've just filled out my shipping survey, and I'm sooooo excited! Looking forward to this! I wish you huge success! May this be the start of beautiful things. Blue skies Roy Thanks a lot for the updates and I can't wait to have it doing a "true" digital painting instead of using a wacom pen stylus. Hope it works also with the new iPad 3 as well. Agreed It might be worth to wait, however they should announce the status if the schedule is delayed. They don't comment anything since last updates. I think it's their duty to check this Kickstarter pages and reply to people's comments. Communication is the most important thing in business. Its worth the wait Can't imagine I have been waiting for a stylus around half year i don't see any survey in my inbox either. The new iPad is out... But the sensu brushes are still not shipping.. =( First week of March is almost passed, but I didn't get any survey about shipping. Delayed again? update #10 says shipment the last week of march :) When will these be shipped... its about 6 months.. Any Latest Updates ? The much anticipated addition to our family has arrived, beautifully packaged with a hand-written note - love the personal touch! I am thrilled with the look and the feel of the brush. I paint daily with actual paints and love to do studies on my iPad. The Sensu Brush makes much easier work of that! It feels and glides like a high quality brush, only without the messy cleanup. I don't love the stylus, but I will never love a stylus that does not have a pointy tip. That said, I use the brush when I'm not painting and just love how responsive it is and how natural it feels in the hand. The added bonus is that because it is a paintbrush, I don't feel the need to rest my hand on the screen as I would a stylus. I also appreciate your recommendation of ArtRage. I was previously using Sketchbook Pro, but ArtRage is much more user friendly. Thank you so much for including me in the Beta program. For those of you waiting for your Sensu, it is worth the wait! Off to do some more studies... Ahhhhhh, it has arrived!! My first impression is fantasic, better than i imagined. Its all about changing the painting experience, and this does that beautifully. Gorgeous to look at, feels awesome and is weighted to perfection. Its almost too pretty...i cant stop looking at it. Plus it came wrapped for Valentines day, with a love note!! Am off to paint my first creation and will post when done. It has been a long wait, but you will NOT be dissappointed! I would rather receive a Sensu Brush that will not fall apart soon after using; so I'm glad that you're working so hard to make certain that it's a quality product. Thank you for being conscientious and honest about what's happening with the brush. When will the brushes be shipped? Really looking forward to putting them to The test. -Thanks Looks like a large portion of your backers need to check their spam filters. I think you guys have actually been pretty good about your updates. Keep up the good work, just be sure to keep in touch. I think most people here are behind you 100% that is why we are backers...we believe in you and your product. I feel many people are merely frustrated not with the delay ( we understand there can be problems with a first run production) but with the lack of communication ( it's been a month since we've heard from you). I wish you well in the next production run and we look forward to hearing from you more frequently. Really guys? If you are running or are getting ready to run your company you had better learn about customer satisfaction. I have had no info since October. That said the pens would be shipped in January. I'm sorry about the problems you've had but I shouldn't have had to track you down to find out. KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YOUR CUSTOMERS- especially those who got your project started. This user's account has been deleted. Here we go again. Feb? Step into my office cause your freakin fired! Just kidding. Lay it down for us man! yoohoo, any updates? Thanks We need updated. This is bad business. Ready for the update -- and make it a good one! Updates ?? Dang it man. Not again. Looks like you are correct @Atley ("So their logging in but no replies/updates?!") I meant to say progress report....:) Progress status? Dont make me come over there.;) Any updates... be a while. hmmm...seconded...if not the product...what about status update Hmm... Similar to others... where are they??? So their logging in but no replies/updates?! Update? PLEASE??? Can you please provide an update on shipping? Thanking you in advance. What happened to the updates Man? Or is your team still ringing in the New Year? Any new updates? @Rick/Artist Hardware - they won't be able to select Manage Your Pledge since that option is removed once funding completes. Most project have this same problem and end up (usually) providing a Paypal account to handle the post-funding shipping discrepancies. Another project I've seen somehow did this through Amazon Payments and people had to go through a Facebook page, but that ended up being a fiasco since not everybody is on Facebook and a lot of times the links were broken. Paypal seems the easiest route. Hi - thrilled to be backing this and look forward to receiving my brushes. I'm hoping that you've tested with screen protectors as I have 'em (as does everyone I know) on my iPads. Can you please confirm that they should work equally well with/without screen protectors? Like Maggie, below, I couldn't figure out how to add the shipping charge. I did try to contact Sensu about this but no reply. On a positive note, I think the Sensu Brush looks amazing and I can't wait try it out so Sensu please tell me how I can pay the shipping fee! I'm in the burbs btw. I'd also like to invest in your company eventually. Is there someone I can talk to about that? You are getting action pics right now? If you need something from me let me know - internationally recognized speed artist and 3D chalk artist. I have a great photo/video production guy right here that is also international. Love that I am backing this! Also: in regards to comments about a smaller stylus tip, have you thought of inter-changeable nibs for the stylus end as an after market add-on?? I'd buy a set! Can't wait to get my hands on mine! There might be a problem, I couldn't work out how to add the extra $5.00 for International postage, until it was too late. I hope I can pay the extra somehow and get my beautiful brush! Cheers, Maggie Bergman The new HTC Jetstream has a capacitive screen and is also digitized so that their pen has point precision and pressure sensitivity as well as finger touch. Would the Sensu work on that screen? Is this another product opportunity? As much as I love my iPad, this HTC is what I would wish to draw on, since it will act in a manner similar to my Wacom Cintique that can make a very realistic brush stroke. I don't expect iPad to get there very soon since Steve disliked styluses. Looking forward to using a brush to make a brush stroke. Thanks for the good news update! We just got two ipads just to use this brush! Any chance of shipping for Christmas? Can we get an update? :D really can't wait my Sensu :D Hello AH Im Looking forward to holding the Sensu and using it on my iPad. I just launched a new product myself. Please spread the word. Thank you again. www.kickstarter.com/projects/robdechi/robdechi-a-multi-purpose-travel-accessory?ref=email Wow! Congratulations! Go boys! Can't wait to see the final product. My son loves drawing on his i-Pad. This will be a nice gift for him. Rick. Sweet. Thanks for the quick update..keep up the good work. Wondering if you could make the tip for the non paint side as small as possible. Most of them on the market are huge and its like using your fingers to draw with....I hate that. Plus you would be able to actually see the line while drawing. I backed the More/Real stylus project and the tips were a bit smaller but maybe you could push the envelope here and make them even smaller. Weight is also an issue. If its too heavy it will pull you hand down to the tablet surface. The M/R is tip heavy. Try balancing the weight if possible. My drawing sucks.But Sensu is cool.Thus I became a backer. I love that it's a brush AND a stylus in one! I can't wait to get mine. :-) I CANT WAIT! So excited to receive this amazing product! My son is going to go nuts!! Suggestion for a future product: a stylus with a pressure sensor (like on a Wacom tablet) that communicates with the iPad via Bluetooth. You could then sell licenses to any software company that wants to implement the technology to use it with their illustrating software (and you could make one yourself). Hi there folks at Artist Hardware, a quick question - I want to get 3 Sensu brushes, but if i pledge $75, i end up in the limited edition gunmetal version, which sounds cool but i prefer the chrome ones.. Any suggestions? I can't wait to get my Sensu Brush!!! Its a great idea, love it. I've one question, what are the app in the video?? Im trying to figure out which skech, painting, drawing app is the best. Is there a recommendation for a painting app? I am using ArtRage but also read about Brushes. Which do you guys like most? You could think about bundling :) Another addition to my massively growing collection in search for the perfect stylus! Very excited to try it out, good luck! Hi, morning! Backed $60 (incl. 10 bucks for shipping to Germany). I love creative ideas - and THIS definitely is one. Keep going guys! Good stuff!! I will spread the word. I'm from Chicago and I'm a Artist.. I darn proud to back this idea. Fact is, I love this product so much that I just ordered 2 ipads just so my son and I can use it. The best of luck to all of you! This user's account has been deleted. My dad is a artist and we love this project. But what he is said that it would be better if there was a pencil like this. So he could sketch more detail on the ipad and use the brush for the bigger areas. If you would like to look at his work his website is gaytanartworks.com. If it is possible i think the pencil would be a great partner for this. Congratulations guys. 1000 backers. The <url>