Did this go anywhere? Did anyone get refunds? I requested to not get one but wasn't sure if anything actually ever came out of that. Agreed with Thomas, never tried the game, are current rules (where ever they are), playable? This is all a shame. I feel very fortunate that I was able to get enough packs that I can at least arrange my own games. The line for life is a waste, but at least I've got something. I think it's a shame that there wasn't a printable version of the game made out or some sort of licensing agreement reached to allow 3rd parties to print the appropriate cards for future players. Also it's a shame that the single player game never seems to have been made. I was one of the keepers who worked on card design. I wont go into details, I heard from one of the other devs that he was only in jail a short time and the charges were dropped (the ones who accused him seem to have lied). @Vincent No clue. I know that his Facebook, or at least the one he used in the Serpent's Tongue Facebook group, isn't active any longer and his Linkedin hasn't been updated in 8 years. Apparently BadCrow games is his? Another Kickstarter project though I am unsure of his involvement but Google sure thinks its his <url>"Plus a free copy of all expansions and a Case of Inscription Packs each time a new set is released. Forever." *chuckle* ah well, she did not take off like Magic the Gathering. Still haven't played the game, but I wrapped everything tight and put it in the babybarn. Just wish it still didn't feel like a kick in the belly. I've back KS with worst results and similar cost, too bad no one made any money on this and many people (developers included) lost a bunch of money :( I finally sold my Kickstarter copy for $45 and got it the hell out of my life. at the end of the day I lost about $85+ dollars since I also bought 2 of the exclusive compendiums they never made/shipped. At least that crap is out of my house >< Surprised at the amount of people who messaged me on BGB who say they love the game...made me feel like it was secretly developers trying to get their copies back from anyone who had them lol. I have not been following this, but I found my box in a corner, covered in dust so I decided to check up on it... LOL what a poop show. I couldn't, in good conscience, back a Kickstarter that had anyone from the ST involved. ST is still the ONLY KS campaign that I have been burned on. My friend and I went in on the tier (for ST) that had basically every card and basically 2 of everything...didn't even have enough of most cards to create starter decks that were listed in the recommendations :| While I do sympathize with the fact that things got altered for team it really is a case of "it is what it is". The lack of transparency, updates, and honesty is what really matters and what most of us will remember at the end of the day. I love the Armored Core franchise and was willing to back that project despite the involvement of "key members of the Serpent's Tongue" team, but now that I know who that key member is and the fact that they had to change the name of the project because they didn't have the AC license (they will probably have to change a lot of the art and mech designs as well) I am out of that project. It is beyond unprofessional to participate in another Kickstarter project when you haven't been able to completely fulfill a previous one!!! they now have a new kickstarter...armored core....<url>| Looks like there was an update posted on becomemagi by him after he was arrested so it looks like he's still plugging away. <url>"Worked at UnBound Games LLC". Past tense. Sounds like everything's all done, unofficially. Dammit. Yeah I'd say that's it for this one...... Unreal <url>"Our esteemed leader, Magi Gabrielson, is missing, so this update does not include any information about shipping product, timelines, etc." Oh. According to the becomemagi.com serpent's tongue website, the creator of the game has gone "missing". Guess that means this game is done for. More money down the toilet... I lament all of the cool Kickstarter projects that actually delivered on their promises that I could have backed with all of the money I pledged (and lost since it hasn't been fulfilled) for this one. Where are my founder codexes and other stuff or refund?!?!? Where are the rest of the goods? Anything...anything? I supported this at Master Collector level, and well have gotten nothing ever and then I finally got this last message (#37).so I am aware that product is available but that UnBound games is shy shipping costs. I have offered since then to cover my own shipping costs for product owed me and have tried contacting Chris Gabrielson and UnBound Games through Kickstarter and the site and have not received a single response- We are now approaching one month since message 37. I think its only fair I get some kind of answer. David, as much as I'm frustrated by not getting everything I expected with my pledge here, that situation is nothing like Serpent's Tongue. Serpent's Tongue was created. It was printed. A lot of materials were shipped out. The majority of people got at least most of what they pledged for. Looks like Doom was a misappropriation of funds and was never even created. NOBODY got ANYTHING. As frustrated as I am, give the people behind Serpent's Tongue some credit. They've gotten in over their heads and the updates aren't coming fast enough for some of us, but they DID produce, and as far as I know, they did NOT misappropriate funds. Sounds like they got screwed by the shipping company's estimates and rather than find another way to ship, they just ate the shipping costs. That's where all the money went. I saw it at my local comic store in Plano, Texas (Madness Comics & Games), but I believe they probably acquired it through Kickstarter. Sounds like all the money is long gone Has anyone even seen this in retail? Hard to generate any new income if it's not either in retail or online This worries me as well. I contacted a friend of mine who had something similar happen to him with another Kickstarter, "The Doom That Came to Atlantic City". Eventually the FTC got involved and filed a lawsuit. <url>’ve been trying to get in touch with someone to collect this refund but I haven’t had any meaningful response. Please help me. refund 1 answer Public Christopher Gabrielson ⋅ Staff ⋅ February 18, 2015 Greetings Magi Frink! Long time no see. Or read I guess. Sorry UnBound Games is totally incapable of issue-ing any refunds right now. Our production schedule went a bit past deadline, as you are well aware, which of course extended budgets out insanely. Im glad we kept afloat through the unexpected extra 2 years. But we have quite a shipping bill to still pay off with 3 different providers ($75k in shipping alone, we did not expect THAT when we were planning the KS campaign!) as well as more freight to pay for, reward packets to distribute, Out of Eden to print up, Founders Codexs (paid for) but still to ship etc… i.e. I estimate that we are actually somewhere around… -$35k in invoices, and remaining deliverables. Fortunately our hard launch this month has gone well and we havent even started advertising yet! But every $100 totally counts and every dollar in goes towards paying off the next milestone. If we are very successful over the next quarter we will pay off everything. And then can consider these KS refunds. We should be getting an update pretty soon, last one IIRC on the website was in march. also Grand Master C promised to give us a "State of the Union" so I'm expecting this update to include a lot of information. Any news about this project? Still waiting on founder codices and compendiums or a refund for undelivered items. Sorry, I keep incorrectly saying "compendium" when I actually should be calling it the "Founder's Codex". Paid for two of them but have yet to receive them or a response to any of my requests on a status update. Any updates on the backer's compendium? Paid for two and I haven't received even one of them yet. No responses to any messages I've sent either. I'm OK with no receiving them now if I get a refund >< I apologize, it's been a while since my last update. We have been really busy finalizing cards, website updates, etc....Here is a link to the FULL info posted on the website. <url>’Shar printing plates for months now – (and we have). But we finally have positive movement. I normally would not bore you with the details but for those who want them; the timeline of the Avak’Shar delays is as follows: February: The randomization issues of inscription packs are fully documented and realized. - Negotiations with Lijia are begun as to how to fix them, correct this problem. March – Negotiations continue, UB realizes there will be little to no compensation from the factory, but starts pushing for a discount on the Avak’Shar card printing. April Negotiations continue May - Negotiations finalized- UB receives a discount on Avak’Shar card printing allowing more to be printed and thus given out more freely to thus alleviate the worst of the issues suffering from poor randomizations. June UB decides to build in Backer Stories into the next set of artifacts, as they required a new plate for those cards anyway. July The Finnish Game Breaking team found some Errata to change, these are tested and implemented. August - Final Files sent to Lijia September – no response from Lijia October Lijia begins work on creating the printing plates , at which time it turns out they had broken some of the old printing plates, so UB designs new ones and sends out new files. Nov Lijia sends proof of printing plates with errors in the backside fonts as shown below. – UB sends out NEW files. Dec Lijia sends correct proof – UB approves the proof- Printing plate construction is begun. Avak’shar CODE redemption system goes live- Magi are able to convert their Black Avak’Shar Code Cards into secure online Avak’Shar ranks. January Lijia finishes printing the 225,000 cards and ships them. UB decides if they can afford to air freight them to quicken the time – UB also ships over the Reward Packets with the CARDS. - Pre-reservations for Avak’Shar cards goes live – Magi are able to spend their avak’shar points on cards. Claiming the ones they want ahead of time since there is a limited supply. February Avak’Shar cards are received in the US, UK and Australia – card distribution and reward packet distribution proceeds. Putting in another request for status on Out Of Eden. I second that this was one of the major reasons I backed this. Any address changes can just be made at the account page on becomemagi.com, correct? Just checking, because if it ends up at my last address I can consider it gone. For those backers who are not keeping tabs on the becomemagi website, we posted this on Sept. 18. Christopher has received a new sample of the long awaited Founder's Codex. Pictures included! <url>"Yes its unacceptable we would like for it to be faster. Sorry. I assure you we are not CHOOSING to delay the rewards. They are waiting for the Avak;Shar cards to finish being printed which are being done at a ridiculously slow rate by the factory, as they are now officially 2 weeks past due." A post from Christoper in the support forums............. We’ve been waiting to ship reward packets over with the following: Avak’Shar Cards Founder Codices Expanded Walkthrough / Magi Handbook and MAYBE the compendiums if the samples turned out okay… But these process are as usual taking longer than normal. So we are not going to wait for any of these except the Avak’Shar cards. Greg Lahzarel Thane is doing what we hope to be the final final export tonight between 5 adn 7pm. We have been working on these Avak’Shar cards solid for two months now, and the last 2 weeks at insane levels. Why so much work for just a few cards? Well over 40 stories were written that relate to the different factions of Serpent’s tongue and teach more about its world. These stories also incorporated many KickStarter backers as was originally promised. In order to accomplish this the Factions, motivations, history etc.. were all flushed out to a higher degree than ever before, in preparation for an online faction guide. This is important to understand how the world of Serpent’s Tongue works and to find the faction best suited to YOU. In addition to this we have been balancing tweaking and testing the new Avak’Shar exclusive Specializations and Artifacts. There are TWO totally new Specializations and 9 New Versions of older Specializations. Enduring Soul Chasian Far Caster 4 Older Specializations were upgraded into MASTER classes, which are more expensive to unlock but much more powerful. Master UnWeaver Master World Shaper Master Tempus Torn Master of the Riley Technique 5 Specializations were converted into Adept Classes, these are re-balanced versions of older specs.. Rather than making errata of current specs out there, we are leaving the older versions in circulation and performing the slight tweaks we desired in the Adept classes: Adept of Pentad Adept Artificer Adept Inquisitor Disciple of Cain Adept Adept Incendiarist The older versions of the new Master and Adept classes will only be available through Inscription Packs, so if you have them, congratulations; they will not be printed again, but will remain valid playable specs. All of the Codex Building and Strategy guides were updated and improved for all specializations available through Avak’Shar as well. Artifacts also underwent a lot of editing for clarification and in some cases game balance. I hope to ship the printing plates off tomorrow morning. Then I will have a better estimate from Lijia on how long the printing will take (previous estimate was 2 weeks). Once its complete Reward Packets AND Avak’Shar cards will be shipped over. WE will be scheduling the pickup the moment we have a solid time estimate from Lijia so there will be as few delays as possible. I've kinda lost hope for my extras. No real updates here nor even on the becomemagi site. ANYTHING would be nice. Just let us know what's going on. (Here would be nice since i actually get the updates for this in my email and don't need to go searching and hoping for one on the other stie) What is the status of "Out of Eden"? I haven't seen anything since the June 26 update. This is the main reason I bought the game... Hello fellow Magi! All KS backers should have now received their core sets and archive cases. Asia was just completed. REWARDS ARES STILL TO COME FOR ALL! If you have not received your core/archive sets please let us know. Open a ticket with us by sending an email to : <email> Please do not send a ticket about extras and rewards (compendiums, founders codex, etc)as they are still pending and will be sent out when they are ready. We are only concerned with CORE SETS and ARCHIVE CASES. I hope everyone is enjoying Serpent's Tongue! More to come very soon! Hi Claire, UK orders went out a while back. I apologize if we missed you. Please send me an email at <email> and include your becomemagi.com id if you have one, and or the email address you used when you ordered so I can locate your information and find out what is holding up your order. Thanks, Dave I thought I had done all I needed to pay for necessary delivery costs, are there still delays with my order, when is delivery expected for the UK and what do I need to do/where do I need to go to collect? Sorry if you've posted this somewhere already, last update I saw was UK stuff being shipped in Jan. Many thanks Claire Here is a post from Christopher from our support forum detailing what we have left to do and the order in which we hope to complete everything. We are working on tweaked rules, and the Avak’Shar cards. Our first priority is the Avak’Shar system. You were all given a lot of Avak’Shar, possess a lot of Avak’Shar code cards, making those worthwhile and following up on our promise that this is not a traditional TCG is number 1. Two is explaining the new and totally improved rules, game balancing erratas, a more complete glossary. I.e. materials that will help you play, teach & improve the game. Third is Out of Eden, which required finalization of rules tweaks. Those are now finished and tested so it can now continue its production. Those are the top three priorities as they effect actually playing the game. Fourth is Founder’s Codex – with new samples coming in. I did not want to reproduce the 6 ring binder. I don't like it enough for a Deluxe founder’s codex. I like the new samples shots, but I need one in hand to test pocket and binding strength. Those are enroute. Fifth: Compendium is the last in line. If it takes too much longer, we will just issue refunds for reserved Compendiums. The giant sized compendium we were about to purchase creased and cracked with only light handling, AND it was ridiculously large, it wouldn't even fit in many backpacks. I've gone back to the drawing board on the compendium, trying a new diagram, and I the same company that is doing the new founder’s codexes has some good ideas, although they are still working on the mockups. Fortunately the Compendium will the be shortest to manufacture once its ready. Hello. I still have yet to receive my two backer's compendiums on top of the extras we were supposed to receive. I am in NA. Is there any updated information in regards to these items? I wasn't sure if the reward packets included those items. Thanks. Greetings Magi! We have shipping to Canada again! With a bit of a caveat. We have 10 Master Sets available in Canada. The shipping price in our shopping cart is set to Master sets so if you want to order anything other than a Master's set such as a core set or archive case, etc..please contact us so we can adjust your shipping total accordingly. Some information about Line For Life. Line for Life was a limited offering. Line for Life entitles you to every edition and expansion of Serpents Tongue ever made. You will receive at minimum an Archive case of each new card set that is ever produced. You will also receive bonus avakshar to facilitate the replacement of any Errata-ed cards. As you may or may not know, the Line for Life is considered an investment in Serpent's Tongue and is NON-REFUNDABLE. However, they are TRANSFERABLE! If you no longer wish to have a Line For Life you can sell it to another Magi wishing to obtain this exclusive offering. UnBound will help to facilitate all transactions between Magi to ensure this prestigious benefit is transferred correctly. At this time I do have one Line for Life available to the first responder to this update. Simply send a message to <email> stating you wish to purchase the available Line For Life. I will contact you with information about how to conduct the transaction. Hurry! This has only happened once or twice in the past and will likely not happen again soon! Our helpdesk. What can I say. Our current helpdesk leaves a LOT to be desired. We are close to having a new system in place which will speed up response time and hopefully stop the burying of tickets. If you are waiting for a response to a ticket we are not ignoring you. I promise! Tickets get buried very easily in our current system and it could go missing for quite a while. I apologize. We will also be adding staff to our helpdesk when the new system is implemented. Trying to bring them on now would only cause mass frustration and lunacy! The last thing we need is another rouge, insane Magi on the loose. Reward Packets They are en route from China. Christopher is hoping to include the newly revised walkthrough with the rewards packets. Walkthroughs are set to be printed this month and should be ready to go when the packets arrive. So why a new walkthrough you ask? The new walkthrough is going to actually be a Player's Handbook with assembly instructions, components lists, more interactive solo OR team story based tutorial. An expanded and up to date glossary. A bestiary of new encounters, a list of all rules errata as well as more helpful charts, diagrams and images like an improved casting cycle chart, and other helpful teaching aids! We will post an Official update when they are ready to ship. So how did that Avak'Shar Card Shopping cart review go? Here is the latest .... GREETINGS MAGI! AFter 5 MONTHS of bickering with China we negotiated a discount on the printing of Avak’Shar cards, as well as a free NEW printing plate (these are about $1200 a pop) and can now move forward on printing them! Yee ha. More Details: Flare has most of the bones of the code entry AND Avak’Shar Card ‘Shopping Cart’ completed. We will be reviewing it next week. The Shipping Center for Avak;Shar cards will be set up by Gran Laku Dudeman Dave Borso (our intrepid Customer Service Director). Fulfilling Ava’Shar redemptions in-house has some advantages and disadvantages. In house means cheaper pick pack and shipping rates around the world. BUT it means that Avak’shar redemptions will not stack with other purchases, they are separate. But this will help keep it much more organized. Before we send the print files to China, we are, as you may know, changing the printing plate of the Specs and Artifacts. This means we get to tweak these cards. We also may have the opportunity to create 4 new cards that will be available only via Avak’Shar. So I have two questions for you: 1. We are on the hunt for ANYONE who has found the following elusive specs. (I havent found these yet.) Tempus Torn The Riley Technique Unweaver World Shaper I would like to adjust these quite dramatically if they are not in wide circulation. Please report your ownership of these Specializations here! link photos if you can! 2. Design Challenge! Using the art above from Logan Knight, we would like to create a Bonus Avak’Shar only Artifact! What are your ideas? Use the Card Creator to make your own artifact. The art will be uploaded as Codex with Eye so feel free to slap it on there. Link your artifacts here. You can make it any concept you want, a special tome, an upgrade to your current Codex etc… Any news about pack of KS bonus rewards? The post from their site is titled "Australia Followup", but it gives some good hope for what all else is left globally. Check out <url>"Australia Shipping tomorrow – Asia billed this week. March 31, 2014 By Christopher Gabrielson Australia shipments along with their reward packets will begin shipping tomorrow. We are still waiting payment for international shipping from 23 Magi in Australia. If you have not received an invoice check your email for a personal email from me. – Christopher Gabrielson. Asia inventory just left the factory to go to a fulfillment center in Hong Kong. We will be sending invoices with discounted international shipping to all remaining Magi in Asia / pacific rim." For those of us in Australia, could we have an update on delivery please? @scott - I have requested your order be re-sent. You should get an email with tracking when it has shipped. @Jason - Here is the "official word" on rewards from Christopher. "The official word is they are distributing to Australia and Asia this week. should be off the boat in the US in less than 2 weeks. BUT we are trying to figure out a way to put the new printed walkthrough in along with them, at our expense. BUT that could delay things. As we are expanding the walkthrough to have extra content, a new up to date glossary, new charts, diagrams and other teaching aids. We are already footing the bill for this 2nd shipment so we have to combine as much as possbile into it." Just to inform you it's been nearly 3 weeks now with no response - I still haven't received the base game. /Which/ rewards are /where/ in the manufacturing process? Honestly, there can't possibly be zero news after 70 days with no project update. If there is zero news then that means that you haven't done anything in the past 70 days and no progress has been made. If that's the case due to financial issues or personal issues or whatever, that ALONE is news and worth an update. You must update us with where things are. Not just when things are ready to ship, just update us once a month with what all has gone down in the past 30 days. Keep a journal. Look at your notes. Whatever, just let us know what has been happening. That's what a responsible project operator does. @Scott. Zendesk is overwhelmed with tickets. We aren't ignoring you. We just haven't gotten to your ticket yet. Crazy, I know. But we are THAT backed up with requests. @Jason No new news yet. We are still waiting on a few items that are in the manufacturing process. As has been mentioned, we will make an announcement when the ks rewards are ready to ship. Okay, guys. 2 months with no official project update is NOT GOOD. Any news is fine. Just please update us on the status of the various parts that are still pending. Is anyone checking the zendesk? I sent in a request to ship out my Pledge rewards 5 days ago.... without response. John, Us orders went out back in December. I Tried to look you up in our systems but I don't show anything for John Falcon. Can you please send us an email to <email> Please give us your ks email, or the email you used for payment, or if you have one a becomemagi.com user id so we can look up your account and get your order out to you asap. I just watched Ricky Royal on youTube do an intro to the game. He lives in Australia...I am in the USA without the game....what is the current status? Shipping update and a plea to the community. And overnight everything changes....... The LAST of the KS and Pre-orders in Norway and Sweden were shipped. Also shipped werre Russia, Israel and Mexico. New orders in Finland have arrived, but we are having a hard time getting the courier company to deliver them to our distributor. I will update you when we are able to get this sorted out. The Australian units have been picked up and are being transported to the port in China. The current ETA for arrival in Australia is March 22. Orders will be shipped out to individuals within 1 week after arrival. Christopher is hoping to send out invoices next week. The Remaining Pacific / Asia inventory is scheduled for pick up to a Hong Kong fulfillment Center Christopher found. Once they arrive they will be sent out asap. And now I must make a plea for help from those of you who have opened a ticket in Zendesk. If you opened a ticket requesting status or asking where the heck is my order etc…….If we haven’t been in contact with you yet and you HAVE received your order PLEASE, PLEASE update your ticket and let me know so I’m not chasing ghosts. We are in the process of working through all outstanding tickets. If you let me know your stuff has arrived it will save hours of work that we could be spending on other issues. Did I say please? Shipping Update.......Nothing new to report at this time. We are cranking through all the remaining orders trying to find solutions for everyone. Enrique, Christopher is still working on them. He may also have a solution for our other troubled regions. I will update you all when we know more. Hopefully in the next day or so. Hi Dave. Just wondering how it's going with the emails to Australian backers. Just another update on the status of Australia and the rest of the Pacific. As Christopher stated earlier this week, he has numbers for Australia and is working on invoices for you. He is also working on Norway, Sweden, and other destinations. We are still seeking a fulfillment center for Asia. No new news there yet. Christopher finally has shipping costs for Australia and should be contacting you by email with more information very soon. He is still trying to find a solution for the rest of the Pacific and Asia. As promised, I'll keep you posted with any new information. Picked up 2 boxes today from local drop point, what seems like the Core set and Inscription Case, but no Compendium or Founder's Codex. A bit of information on Australian and Pacific Shipping.......GOOD GAME and Christopher have been in contact finally. They are trying to get some resolution to our situation. Christopher is still investigating other options as well. Sorry I don't have more for you but that's the latest info. Thanks Dave, the communication is very appreciated, even if a solution is still out of reach at the moment. As promised.......Austrailian/Pacific update..... Really not much to tell you at this point. But I did say I would update you. Christopher is searching for a solution to get Serpent's Tongue shipped out to all of you in this region. Hopefully we'll now more in the next 48. Stephen, I'll pass that along to Christopher. Thank you! Dave, Have you tried contacting MilSims.com.au? Solid 30+yr mail order/online business in Melbourne. Another you could try is GamesEmpire.com.au - younger company (roughly 8 years) but solid and strong mailorder/online. I regret to inform you all of this information, but I signed on to give you guys the good and bad news. So here it is. We’re back to the drawing board. Our SECOND fulfillment Center GOOD GAME based out of Australia that promised fulfillment has left us hanging, after 6 weeks. Christopher and Brian are looking for radical solutions to fix this THIS week. If you are wondering why it’s taking so long, our last quote for shipping per order was around $100. This is just not acceptable to us. We are working to find a solution that will be more in line with what we consider to be fair shipping. Obviously this process cannot go on for much longer as you have all waited far too long. We will post an update as soon as a solution is found. I will personally update on Australian and Pacific shipping every 48 hours until we have the problem resolved : ) Yeah, but shipping is being handled by one group of entities (the fulfillment companies), and other materials are being handled by completely separate folks (the manufacturers). I absolutely believe that dealing with the fulfillment companies is taking up a chunk of time, but it's not taking up 8 hours a day. You make a couple of phone calls, you exchange some emails, but mostly it's out of your hands. Further manufacturing happens in parallel with fulfillment. I want to know what's being done in that arena. I'm not for one minute suggesting that they should put any shipping of the core game aside - they don't have to. Jason, I would not expect any answer as yet on the Kickstarter extras. They're still having issues getting the game out everywhere. The shippers are being a bit annoying. Because of that, they're focused on moving the core game right now, and are unlikely to be focused on getting the Kickstarter extras out the door. From my perspective, I want to hear that everybody is getting the core game, and then we can focus on getting the extras. I hope that's what they're doing, anyway. It would indeed be nice to know about the additional backer rewards. Personally, I'd rather hear about when I might actually be sent the game that the northern hemisphere has been enjoying. Okay, it's time to be the squeaky wheel. It's been a little less than two months since we've heard an update on the second batch of stuff. I'm not complaining, and I'm not here to throw accusations or anything like that. I just want an update. What is the current status on the Founders Codices, Compendia, and other reward materials? No answer will gain my ire except a lack of an answer. An ETA would be fantastic. From Christopher...................... If you did not receive an invoice then you do not owe anything for shipping and your order was already cleared with Trade2Europe. As we mentioned in an update elsewhere - we are having a hard time getting Trade2Europe / Eurologistix to actually SEND anything out. I will summarize the process we have been going through with them here: After sending them all prepaid shipping orders over 2.5 weeks ago, we heard back a few days later that they were holding all orders until we paid our shipping invoice. Me: "What invoice? I have not received an invoice and the previous arrangement was for you to ship out immediately. We sent you a deposit, and your liaison said you would bill us within 30 days for the remainder." Eurologistix Accountant: "OH the invoice I am preparing for you, I should have it ready in 48 hours. That arrangement is only available for previous customers of ours." Me:"We could have paid this invoice over a month ago or provided a larger deposit, we told you the rush we were in and how long these customers have been waiting!" Eurologistix "......silence....." A couple days later: "Here is the invoice. Pay IT!" So we wire transferred them the funds immediately, emailed them a copy of the bank transfer docs and requested that they start shipping ASAP but we have now have been waiting for 8 days to get some sort of response from them. Im not trying to pass the buck here. IF we were more familiar with international shipping perhaps we could have foreseen the problem and insisted on paying a larger deposit back in December, despite them telling us we were good to go. But thats fairly irrational to expect of myself. As soon as I hear a confirmation on their slow as molasses process I will update it everywhere! In the meantime, we have the invoices ready for Iceland, Norway and Sweden. They havent given us pricing on it, who knows how long it will take. We are going to use LP pricing as the estimate (LudoPakt -who doesn't provide tracking but at least moves at a good clip!) So far: for any other game designers out there our experience with LudoPakt has been way more satisfactory than anyone else we have worked with. (Albeit slightly more expensive AND no automatic tracking sent to the customer.) BTW there was a handful of UK Magi who got invoiced even though they already paid Shipping previously. We are sorry about that, DO NOT PAY THE INVOICE (I don't think anyone did) you were not imported correctly into our Paypal invoice sheet. WE have gone through and captured all of you, but I would send an email to me ANYWAY just to be sure you are sent out with everyone else. Cheers! My set arrived today. I've only taken a quick glance, but the component quality looks really high! :) Christopher posted this yesterday...... Hello, all orders were given to Trade2Europe last Monday. After a couple days their accountant said they had not sent anything out because he wanted us to pay their shipping invoice first. Where was this shipping invoice? He had not sent it yet, and the industry standard is a 30 day period to pay invoices. Like all of our other fulfillment centers. I called bullshit, started the wire transfer but raised a stink until they promised to go ahead and start shipping the orders. They confirmed the agreement on Thursday. I have not gotten a confirmation that they actually SENT it though. Everyone should have received their tracking numbers by now, but I do not think anyone has. We requested another confirmation again last night. Brian went out of town for the last 4 days, but will now be able to do the next round of invoicing for Iceland, Norway and Sweden now. If you live in the UK or Ireland, and you did not receive an invoice it means you had already paid everything you needed to pay, and your order was already sent to Trade2Europe. Sorry this is such a clunky process. This international distribution seems to have more hang-ups than you would even think. I think the biggest obstacle to it is finding fulfillment centers and distributors that you trust, that work fast and efficient etc… Same issue in Australia, Bendik. The delays wouldn't be so bad if they could just be bothered to keep us informed on what the hold up was. KS backers should be excited about the game and getting other people excited about buying it when it becomes generally available. Hard to get excited and support something when you feel ignored. Norwegian backer here. No game yet, and no emails from you since december. Brian, I will need more info from you to get this cleared up. Can you please send an email to <email> Please explain your situation, give us your kickstarter user id and your becomemagi.com user id so we can get this straightened out. Brian, I'm trying to check on your order. I may need some more info from you. No notice or game in the US yet After attempting to initiate the Drop Ship Pickup system throughout UK, Norway, Sweden, and Ireland for the past 8 days, I have decided that its going to delay the shipment for an unacceptable amount of time, without providing enough savings to you. Its ultra complex, as we learned with mainland Europe. Where entire shipments sail at the speed of the slowest Magi. (Ie. the drop ship system only works once we have everyone agreed on a pickup location, but THEN we have to wait until they all pay their share, otherwise it changes everyone else's amounts.) Meanwhile your orders have been ready to ship out for about a week. Lets wait no longer. We will ship your orders to you directly starting tomorrow and we will subsidize the shipping to bring it almost even with what the Pickup amounts would have been. (The first batch has already been cleared and will go out tomorrow.) So just to give you a head's up: We will paypal invoice all of you for the following: £8.25 per Shipment for Pick & Pack, shipping materials and postage. £4.00 per Core Set or Archive Case included in the order for Freight, Vat and Import. We are paying for a flat rate postage for everyone no matter how much they ordered, which should simplify and speed up the process. Reply to the Paypal invoice, and we will get it shipped out within 24 hours : ) If your paypal email is different from your BecomeMagi or KickStarter email, please make a note of those in the memo field : ) Instructions will be included in the invoice as well. In conclusion: I was hoping to get the price down even lower for you, but I dont think the squeeze will be worth the juice to wait any longer. Lets get Serpent's Tongue into your hands! Any idea what's happening to the UK shipment. You had me hoping for Christmas or the new year. Can't wait to get my game and then put it on eBay, just to get some money back. Mind you with so many people already playing it that did not back it on KS I might not even get anything for such an old copy. And now I read it might be missing comments. I think this stinks and wish I never heard of ST. A note from Christopheer about Specialization suggested codex building......... We are preparing replacement component shipments this week. We have some of you flagged as missing some cards, but I THINK some of these may be based off of the suggested codices on the backs of specs? I suspect this because one of the cards commonly listed as missing is nuclear strike. This card does not exist, it was changed to atomic strike but it was not changed on the suggested Codices. The suggested Codices are just very rough very generic ideas about building a codex that are not based off of a single core set perse. You can create 95% of these suggested codices with a single core set, but they werent necessarily designed to have 2 suggested codices created from a single core set. This is mostly my fault really, I just threw together some optimal codices that I would use in a pvp situation. I did not really design it thinking of 2 players using the same core set. The suggested codices on the backs were sort of a last minute addition to the game. Next edition we will be a bit more careful as its caused some confusion. So sorry for the confusion, but the current suggested codices are just my tips for building a powerful codex assuming approximately 1 core set for a single player. In fact i even gimped these suggested codices a bit, since I figured it would be a spoiler to just automatically start everyone with as lethal a codex as I could conjure up. But they are pretty good starts built around 1-2 core strategies. My point is: do not live or die by these suggestions. There are SO many options in Serpent’s Tongue Codex building. Our editor in chief James Sadonis Wright is working on some Core Set Codex lists designed to be used by two separate Magi using the same Core Set. I am from Canada. Not email notice yet. And of course my package comes today! Looks great so far! I still haven't received my pledge and I'm from the USA. I never got a tracking number or any e-mail. I sent an e-mail to customer service and got a response that I shouldn't worry, but it's been 11 days since I've heard anything back (and 4 since I asked again). I am really worried that I will never see my package! All rewards are being sent at a later date. Are the Kickstarter Rewards at the $85 dollar level inside one of the boxes? The expansion and the unique cards? Also, how many inscription packs should I have? Actually even better: <url>"magisupport" address, since UPS says they never got the packages tied to that label number. Hopefully I won't have the kind of trouble others have had getting a response from Zen Desk. Melibabe, I think they're still running a bit behind, but you should probably contact UPS about that. I doubt that anybody here is going to know anything about it. If you're on the East Coast or Midwest, I think it's more likely for their to be a backlog there as they were already running behind. Anyone else have a UPS email saying they created a label but don't have the packages yet? Mine is dated 12/17, with nothing further. Hi Calvin. I am not sure when they will show up. (Nothing here yet) but you can check the drop sites for your location, here: <url>"our" hands. The wait is finally over and Serpent's Tongue is now in our hands. Since this is a TCG, I thought it would be a good idea to create a spreadsheet listing every card for trading purposes. If you're interested in trading add your name to the title bar and specify which cards you own. Then leave a comment in the cell of the card you're interested in trading. <url>"Pillar of Earth" looks kind of low-res or blurry. Other than that they look sharp! Now I just have to figure out how to play! ;) Also remember to learn how to assemble and play the game the walkthrough is by far the best place to go: <url>"Too many packages, can't deal with them all." Nice job James! Okay video is up, it's raw, it's uncut, and unedited. Enjoy! :) <url>"Nah they didn't?" They did. So I hope to do a live unboxing and such later tonight after kiddies are in bed. :) I tore though my Archive case and didn't get a single Artifact or Specialization. Pretty disappointed, I must say. Like many folks I dislike CCGs but hoped this one would have a better card distribution. I know I can use my Avak-shar points but that's beside the point... @cochrasc, mine said the same thing when it first shipped (it was held in Dallas). Took about 24 hours for it to clear and the package to start moving. Not sure what happened. You may want to contact UPS, though I'm sure their customer service is very busy now... Arrived today, looks great, now I just need some players to try it out :) Mine was supposed to be delivered via UPS today, but when I checked the delivery status, it says "Exception: Held by origin location". It's in my city, but being held for some reason. Any idea who I can speak with at Elite to find out why it's being held? Wow! I just received the package (NYC). The components on top notch! If the game is even half as good as it looks, I'm in for what could be a top 10 game of 2014. Thank you and Merry Christmas! Mine went from ready to pickup to Monday delivery and it is in transit. Soon so very soon. Hi everyone, I just wanted to remind you all that if you have any issues with your orders(wrong order, broken, missing, damaged components, etc) please send us a message at <email> and we will work with you to correct any issues. If you just post it in the forums here or on another site we may not see it and your issue may never get addressed. Just a reminder, all ks rewards and extras are being shipped at a later date. Just the core sets and archive cases are being shipped. Please be patient as our volume of tickets is increasing with general questions about the game and other issues as we work through this launch. We will contact you. It just might not be as soon as you would expect. Thanks as always for your patience. Hope everyone is enjoying their copy of Serpent’s Tongue! I’m still waiting for mine. lol No email yet My shipment is listed as "In Transit" but doesn't show a delivery date. Not sure what I am missing... I am in Florida so I believe standard delivery time for UPS ground from Dallas is 3 days. And massive morning misspellings :) Tracking numbers in , delivery date is the 20th for MN. No if UPS picks up the packages and updates the site, I will feel that much better. Sooo excited. Thanks Unbound for all of the work and listening to all of the nervousness and frustration form the soon to be magi. I got the email. It said they are sending two packages, but only listed that they are shipping 2 cores, and they listed me as getting 0 archive sets. Does my other package have my other core set and all my archives?? 3 core and 1 archive @ 19 pounds @Foster, Yup it's been a long haul that's for sure. So many lessons learned and exp. gained, we have leveled up like 20 times :-) @Yee and Pedersen, Have to keep are fingers crossed that they can meet their schedule!! And YES this is just the Core sets (Magi's Chest) and the Case of Inscription packs (Archives Case) are shipping now. @JD, what was the total weight? and Deluxe sets are core sets but with add-ons. Add-ons that will be coming later (Out of Eden campaign, Founder's pin, stuff like that). What I find annoying, but is par for the course for shipping right now, is UPS just shows the label "ready to ship" it actually hasn't picked anything up. (As far as their system is concerned) Luckily it's right next door in Texas (I believe) so I'm hopeful. The other thing to keep in my folks, is this isn't everything. The Founders codex and the other Kickstarter extras I believe are NOT coming. Just our base sets and inscription packs) So, okay - I know I've been hard on @Christopher, but all that aside I'm still pretty freakin' amazed that the SoG's pulled of something pretty spectacular. This was (is) a massive, complicated undertaking... and frankly, there's just no arguing with success. I've received my shipping notification, and I'm eagerly awaiting its arrival. Did anyone get who had deluxe magi boxes have "core set" listed on their inventory? Hmm got my kickstarter notification but not my additional order that I made >_< Just got my shipping confirmation! Can't wait! Just got my own shipping notification. Assuming UPS can keep to their dates, I'll have this on Friday. @Andrew I had a package from Newegg just last week had the same thing pop up. The UPS guys told me that's a basic catch all for "Weather or delays that cause a package to not get on the truck for the next leg." So yeah it's a delay marker. :( My poor mailbox... I keep refreshing it like a madman... I received a tracking #. According to the UPS website the package status is "Held by origin location". Not sure why that is... Does that mean the package wasn't actually picked up? Just curious if anyone else has a similar status. Looks like I'm receiving mine on Thursday (NYC)! Excellent to hear guys! Looking forward to the opening James. Let us know when it arrives. I got my shipping label. It says it's 15 lbs. O.O! Also that they haven't gotten it just that the label has been created. Hmm... so as a Magi Officiant with 2 core sets and one Inscriptions pack I'm getting a big heavy box. I look forward to streaming my opening on the night of my reception of the package. :) Tracking # received! WOOT! Just hope it comes in time for X-mas now :) In case you missed it, Chris did post an update yesterday....... WE are still waiting to hear confirmation on whether Ellite Fulfillment shipped their first load yesterday evening or not. Elite is pretty slammed with their XMAS distributions, but here is where OUR end is at: After several days of re-doing the final spreadsheet repeatedly in response to a large amount of last minute address changes, order changes, a few more refunds and more. The final shipping outlay was delivered Thursday morning. Elite had the bulk of the orders already kited. They need to run our shipping manifest through UPS labeling system to see what addresses are kicked back, apply the postage and schedule the UPS pickups. As soon as we get confirmation that a package has left the warehouse we will be sure to let you know! Post Script: sorry this update was not out to you earlier, it was saved as a draft rather than published! For all of those who don't surf the forums but want some holiday cheer. I copied it for you to enjoy here as well. ^_^ twas the week before Christmas, when all through the globe Not a magi had awakened, “The mails’ not up to code”. The robes were all hung by the chimney with care, In hopes that St Christopher’s books would soon be there. The apprentai were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of arcane melee played deep in their heads. And magi on the forums, going through post by post, Had just retired their hopes for a delivery this year at most. When out through the speaker, there arose such a clatter, I sprang from the couch to see what was the matter. Away to windows 7 that fully supported flash, Tore through the screen saver and alt+tabbed past my porn stash. The lit symbol on the top of facebook did now show the notice of midnight update somewhere down below. When, what to my wondering eyes should appear, But a miniature update, and news that dispelled fear. With a smartass, cocky tone, so tired of haters’ shit, I knew in a moment it must be St Chris! “Great News, rabid Magi, those awaiting my new game, The sets are flying out to the countries I now name! Now serving Denmark and Djibouti! Soon, Peru and Vietnam! Onwards to Cuba From China!, To Dominica and Bel-gi-am! To the top of the Americas! To the ends of the Great wall! Now cast away! cast away! cast away all!” As the region fees before shipping had been paid before flight, past the last of the obstacles, boxes take to the sky in delight. So up to the mail boxes, the couriers they flew, With the sleigh full of Toys, and St Christopher too. And then, in an awakening, I felt round the world, The cheering and fawning of magi boys and magi girls. As I raised up my head, and was turning around, Down the chimney St Christopher came with a bound. He was dressed all in robes, and his beard to his neck, And his clothes were all tattered like he had been in a wreck. A bundle of codexes he had flung on his back, And he looked like a librarian, who dabbled in crack. His eyes-how they burned! his expression: pure fury! His teeth they were mashing, he was executioner, judge and jury! His troll he confronted and little did that guy know, What effort it had taken to make this kickstarter a go. An Ordo Precipium pin he held tight in his grip, And the flames, they came out the sides of his face to a tip. He had a broad chest but a little round belly, That heaved when he mouth breathed, like a bowlful of jelly! He was stocky and plump, and too old to put up with my shit, And I cringed when when I saw him, he’s about to let it rip! But a wink of his eye and a tilt of his head, Soon let me to know, I was not about to join the dead. He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work, And delivered the full order of this internet jerk. While giving me the finger, his tongue stuck out past his nose. And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose! He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave daps, And away they all flew, while his stereo played gansta rap. But I heard him exclaim, “thanks with the kickstarter goal, Happy Christmas to all, now stay off my forums you damn troll!” I never thought of that. hmmmmmm I'm now at that point I'm debating driving down there and picking it up.... 28 hour drive... but I WANT IT I WANT IT I WANT IT I WANT IT I WANT IT lol So it's on it's way! The team at UnBound games were an amazing help after the misunderstanding and miscommunication was sorted out regarding to my correspondence. They're DYING to get the game out there and are just as keen as we are to see the game launched and played! It's been a long and tiring road and despite the mishaps and delays, they have made up for them exceptionally well, can't wait to get my hands on it. Well done lads, keep it up! I'm confused by some of the reasons cited for delays. I understand weather may have put Elite off. But there are shipping label problems?? Seems to me there was plenty of time to get this resolved while the shipment was in transit. (To be sure, I don't understand how the shipping process works. Maybe some of these problems didn't manifest themselves until the last minute.) As for last-minute backer changes, I don't see how or why a few people who want changes should hold up the rest of this group. Perhaps I appear impatient, but that's because I am. I have backed 40+ games on KS, and this is by far the longest delayed at 18 months. They are working it hard for us. From the become magi site: <url>#post-101207 "NO US order has left the warehouse yet, we are sorting through some data issues, last minute requests from backers, UPS label requirement kickbacks, and more. Its almost entirely shipping label based, as the orders are kited, but there are some instances of Elite having to go and pull a refund, change and order around, etc… We’ll let you know when it ships of course, until then we will give you daily updates on this, as we are getting close to our shipping deadlines to reach the outer zones by XMAS." All I know is that when I finally get my copy it's going to make for an interesting Youtube video/series/articles. Not sure how it's all going to turn out yet for good or ill. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! How can I put this without pissing off Christopher.......You know how the updates were hard to come by for a while? Even then, what information you got was like a direct news feed compared to the Founder's Codex information that has been shared. LOL (Just Kidding Christopher!) Actually, what little I know I can't share. I will say this. I can't wait to get mine! I'll prod The SOG to see if we can give you guys a little hint of the Founder's codex. @Dave any info or product shots of the Founder's Codex yet? I'm trying to find a suitable matching robe for my sexy codex and need a bone thrown so I can at least work on color selections ^_^ @Akin You will be notified by email when your order ships. Keep in mind they are shipping rewards packets, founders codex, and compendiums at a later date. I'll try to keep you all posted on that situation. You will be emailed for that shipment as well. Caz,I sent you a message through facebook. Well I've sent emails to around 4 or 5 different contacts that I tried for you guys, hopefully I receive a reply. I'd just like to say how bitterly disappointed I am with this project. It was my FIRST backed project on Kickstarter (and the last because my money's been tied up in since) Every time I think about this mess I brings me stress, as it's completely out of my hands. I have customers (of which I've pledged on their behalf) who are always asking me when it's coming in etc and if THEY can have refunds because of the delays. I'm at a complete loose end, although a few hundred pounds might not seem much, to a fledgling store, who decides to help out a project despite having more appropriate uses for the money, gets burned to horribly by something he thought would be great, makes it far more difficult. I'm hurt and disappointed and hope that I can see my money in one way or another, either from a refund or from putting all the product (im not even sure is arriving) on ebay and hoping for a return. In this financial climate it's been a massive struggle to stay afloat, and the fact you've had my money has made it even more difficult. Thank you. Sincerely, Calum J Paul from Minmax Games. P.S. Christopher Gabrielson has been ignoring all my correspondence since the June, despite being promised help and incentives to continue to support the project. Hopefully this get's someone's attention. So I backed at a rather high level. If I order more stuff right now, do I get the pre-order rewards (as each order page indicates), or are those no longer available (as the sidebar on the web site would indicate)? Also, how will I be notified when they ship out the KS order? It's not on the "my orders" page. Well, Chris I gotta say that I'm ecstatic about the release of Serpent's Tongue. With the excitement building up over the last few weeks, I started going back through the new rulebooks and looking at the finalized cards and everything, and what struck me is just how far Serpent's Tongue has come with the 3.0 Beta we playtested shortly after the Kickstarter campaign. THIS, the finished product, IS the game I was hoping for when I backed this project, and the quality of the game not only immeliorates the long delays (to an extent, at least), but also speaks to the passion you and your team have put into the creation of this game. I honestly don't know how you did it with just the meager funds you raised (I can only assume slave labor was involved). So, in a public way, I just wanted to say CONGRADULATIONS in every sense of the word! @Brian and @Dave I emailed: <email> and <email> in July, August, October, and December. After 2 password resets and 3 browsers tonight, I managed to login to becomemagi (the login button on the site leads to a WordPress Login, which does not recognize my username and password), but a tiny hotlink on the page itself after resetting the password led to a very different login page on the ST page. In any case, it does have my KS profile linked (2 Deluxe Magi's Chests), but on clicking "View Order," the page is entirely blank. I'm emailing both addresses again, with a copy of a .pdf of the profile and order pages. Let me know if I'm supposed to be sending it to some other address. Thanks for the update! Can't wait! *Twiddles thumbs* @librarycharlie and others, Yes if you have emailed us and are not getting a response, we are very sorry the email you are using must not be forwarding to our help desk, and we need to rectify this. Alright, the big moment is here, Monday morning (almost afternoon where I'm at) and over one thousand, two hundered and sixty-one backers want to do.... is it shipping? @librarycharlie - Where are you sending the emails to? If i'm understanding correctly you need your ks information merged with your becomemagi.com account correct? I know I'm late to the drama, but I just have to respond. "We backers ARE consumers. We backers ARE your customers since we paid you to get the product you've offered." Nope. That is NOT what a backer is. We are NOT pre-ordering product, we are NOT taking part in the end consumer market. We are literally giving our money to an idea we wish to see exist. Lets check the FAQ, shall we? "Why do people back projects? Many backers are rallying around their friends' creative projects. Some are supporting a new effort from someone they've long admired. Some are just inspired by a new idea, while others are motivated to pledge by a project's rewards — a copy of what's being produced, a limited edition, or a custom experience related to the project. Backing a project is more than just pledging funds to a creator. It's pledging your support to a creative idea that you want to see exist in the world." No where is the word "investor" used. Also, regarding rewards... "What do backers get in return? Backers that support a project on Kickstarter get an inside look at the creative process, and help that project come to life. They also get to choose from a variety of unique rewards offered by the project creator. Rewards vary from project to project, but often include a copy of what is being produced (CD, DVD, book, etc.) or an experience unique to the project." So, the rewards Chris offered were early access and early receipt to your house. Lets ask Kickstarter what they say about delays, shall we? "What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator." From what I've seen, Things have been crazy and there has been sufficient communication. People may disagree, but lets move on to refunds... "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." As far as I know, my reward will eventually be on a transport to my house. Its been a while, but a lot has changed, and the exposure of making the game has be a revelation to me and everyone else, Im sure. Finally, I've backed 56 projects. Only ONE has been so egregious that I'm considering requesting a refund (because I can now purchase my rewards at the local game store, and there is no word on when mine will ever be in the mail.) Everyone's money is the same, so Im not talking down to you because I've spent more over time. I am only sharing my experience as a person who has backed 56 projects, and everything that I'm due has come pretty much on time (some even early!) I emailed you in July and in October (and at other times), and have still had no response. I don't want a refund, I want to be able to log in and give you my information and money so I can get Serpent's Tongue. I created a login, and it was never confirmed or tied to my KS backing. I created a second login, and it never allowed me to lock in a pledge. I send emails regularly, but haven't ever had a reply! Thanks for the update! I know we are all just excited over the last couple meters of this long enduring race and the finish line is so close you can feel the ribbon with our fingertips. Thank you for dealing with us emotionally charged and rabid fans and followers as we claw and bite and maw at your feet every step of the way. On the bright side, at least you know you have people who are very passionate about your creation. People who are outside your inner circle, people who look at each piece and every spell objectively and refuse to let you cop out or slack off in any way, shape, or form. You have real world validation that what you have made is something that people want and desire and that even though you have finished this battle to just establish your place in the world, the war is far from over... there are so many challenges from here but you will have so many behind you to support you, and put a boot to your tail when you slack. Heavy is the head that wears the crown and all that my friend.... @Dave Does that mean you don't plan on starting shipping until next week or are you holding back those who want pick-up? Local Pickup At Elite In Dallas Fort Worth! IF you are in the Dallas Fort Worth area and would like to pick up your order rather than wait to have it shipped out you can. Please respond to this link <url>"Sorry to hear for your concern, we will get into contact with you via email" or some such, put up your refunds request post like you did yesterday, and deal with the client in private.. Some people get really indignant about delays and will get themselves all worked up. Me and my mates have used it as an opportunity to have a good laugh, and be that it may be at your expense (as is the true Aussie way ;) ), we're looking forward to receiving the game and getting into it ST in the US warehouse and Mainland Europe pre-paid shipping. <url>#post-100902 Finland Awakens! <url>"Upon receipt of a consumer complaint, the Bureau will generally attempt mediation by sending a copy of the complaint to the business involved in an attempt to reach a resolution of the dispute. The Bureau does not act as a judge in these disputes or order any payment or action. In the majority of cases received by the Bureau, Consumer Protection Agents serve as mediators who work to resolve disputes using the mail, telephone and/or personal contacts." MEDIATORS. Now, since you've recently stated here that you're issuing me a refund ("KS backers that want a refund were promised to get one after the game arrives and processes.") and once I receive it, the Consumer Protection Bureau will consider the matter resolved and close the case. Now, going forward, I hope you take lesson from this in the future, how simple good customer service can avoid these unpleasant incidents. And in your last email to me in which you said that you do NOT consider us backers as "generic consumers" and, since you don't view us as consumers (and here, I think is one of your company's major problems), you said that," I talk to you like I would if I met you on the street." That's not proper business communications. We backers ARE consumers. We backers ARE your customers since we paid you to get the product you've offered. In the very same post where your wrote, "...we are not a fully functioning company yet." and, "So my brother and nephew try to keep up on all zendesk tickets as they can." and, " I know some things slip through the cracks.", you accuse me of lying about contacting you, trying to get attention and make you look bad? Why would I even want to do that? I'm not a competing game designer, so I don't have any motive. You are making your company and yourself look bad all on your own. It's a good thing that you're "not trying to be nasty, or defensive or reactionary here"; I'd hate to see how you'd treat me then if you were trying. I contacted the Consumer Protection Bureau after not hearing back from you not out of any "plot to get you" or "coming after you and yours" that your apparent paranoia has perceived or to "get attention", but because that is simply the next logical step and my right as a consumer. And you are incorrect about criminal charges and prison sentences. Perhaps you should have done some research before responding. Here is what the Consumer Protection Bureau actually does: "Upon receipt of a consumer complaint, the Bureau will generally attempt mediation by sending a copy of the complaint to the business involved in an attempt to reach a resolution of the dispute. The Bureau does not act as a judge in these disputes or order any payment or action. In the majority of cases received by the Bureau, Consumer Protection Agents serve as mediators who work to resolve disputes using the mail, telephone and/or personal contacts." So, you see, after receiving no reply from you, I simply sought a mediator to resolve the issue. There is no conspiracy, no plot to get you--at least not from me. You seem to lack any sort of professionalism or sense of customer service. Instead, you lash out with knee jerk reactions...not a wise business practice for a struggling startup company. I look forward to receiving my refund and putting this behind me as a bad experience with a nasty person. I wish you much luck with all the struggles your fledgling company is wrestling with. After numerous messages over the past month, I finally receive a reply and this is what I get: "Actually its been just a year and one month since the KS consensus to delay the game to Oct 31st 2012, but who's counting. Okay good to know. We will see what the attorney general office thinks about the fraudulent nature of a delayed board game that has had over 54 updates addressing the delays, explaining them in specific detail as well as for a game that is shipping out this week. Considering that its a bloated and bureaucratic government office; sadly probably nothing even if we HAD took the money and run rather than investing our combined entirety of personal savings to bring the project to completion. But that's not the point is it. I used to get upset when people would use the term fraud in regards to the project that me, my wife and my family has sacrificed so much time energy and money to follow through on. But not so kuch any more, i now realize You dozen 'fraud' claimers are just angry that our project took a long time and want some sort of... revenge I guess? I cant control that. My conscience is clean, I did my best, made the game, its shipping as we speak and it turned out great. I hope you find solace in your methods. Perhaps you should check up on our progress, apologies, explanations, compensating offers and more at our website www.becomemagi.com." To which I replied: I finally get a response from your company after numerous attempts and this is what you finally reply? You gave your view point, here is mine: After long delay, seeing numerous apologies, explanations, etc, I became concerned about my investment and so, I sought a refund. Then, imagine my increasing concern after sending numerous messages to you without one reply. Only upon informing you of my filing a complaint with the Consumer Protection Bureau did I finally receive a swift response...a response that did not apologize or do anything to assuage my concerns, but instead, you generalize me and my concerns by lumping me into a group that you've labelled "you dozen fraud complainers", ignore my concerns and assume that I am acting out of revenge. Well, I can see the level of customer service one can expect from your company and it is disappointing. Thank you for your time. Over a year later and no product received. I am so regretting ever supporting this project. I asked for a refund and the company never even responded. I filed a complaint with the Consumer Protection Bureau of the Attorney General's Office and with Kickstarter. @Christopher - How does selecting a drop off point decreases my shipping cost? Would I be reimbursed the 9$ Int'l shipping fee? Hmm... Nov 26th, say things ship about by December 2nd... I might actually get my copy before my anniversary on the 15th (though probably not by my Birthday on the 4th). Woo! Just got an update about the UK shipment. It is on its way. I should have a ship name by Monday or Tuesday and some tracking info. The plan is to get it in backers hands before Christmas. We may be cutting it close. We will know more when we get an updated location of the shipment. As always, when I hear more I'll post an update. I apologize to everyone now. It seems I posted some mis-information earlier about our shipment before I received the correction. Our shipment has cleared customs but is NOT in the warehouse yet. Don't worry! It is on its way and will be there on our original arrival date of Nov. 26th. This does not change anything with our timeline. I thought it was odd that it had arrived so fast. Just wanted to keep you all in the loop. I guess posting information as soon as i get it has it's occasional drawbacks. Sorry about that! Sacred fonts should be included with that timeline. After all, you guys are backers. Do we know if Sacred Font level pledges are expecting to have their product in time for Christmas as well? I love how much they are keeping us informed for this final leg of our long journey. Thank ya'll so much for sticking around with us!! More Shipping News ST has cleared U.S. customs! And it’s in the warehouse! There is still a little work to do before it starts shipping out. The distribution center is measuring and ordering the shipping cartons they will use to distribute the game. The question of what else will ship with the core sets will not be answered till the last minute. Our manufacturers are working hard to get things to the distribution centers so they can be included. We are still on track so far for shipping core sets to backers starting the first week of December We received the shipping figures for Asia and the chinese shipment center priced it as an express shipment and put the charges over an average of $100 per order. Christopher is quickly rectifying this. Also we have a potential new distributor in Australia that might provide a last minute cheaper alternative for our Aussie magi. We will have numbers back in the next day or so on Both options to Australia. Christopher and UnBound are not going to delay the coresets more than 7 days for anything, come hell or high water. These are the additional materials we are willing to send out later to get Serpent's Tongue into the hands of the Magi before Christmas. The percentage of inclusion is the probability of the item being included with the core set shipment and is subject to change on a daily basis. I’ll keep you posted as we near the shipping date. Reward packets 85% inclusion Founder's Codex 50% inclusion Compendiums 20% inclusion As things change I will update you all. Mainland European Shipping and Other Areas. I just spoke with Christopher about the status of Mainland European shipping and shipping for other regions. He was able to answer most of the questions that you have been asking. We are waiting for an ETA on the reward packets before shipping out. If its going to be too long we will just ship out without the reward packets and send them later. Too long is defined as approximately anything longer than 10 days. The shipping costs in the pre-order store are PROBABLY going to end up being cheaper than our real costs, as our distributor has a much higher fee.. So Its looking like those who paid shipping already in Europe are going to be getting it subsidized by us. BUT if it turns out that you overpaid shipping then we will refund the difference or add inscription packs to your order. We are going to try to start billing mainland Europe KS backers and Pre-orders who have not paid shipping yet in the next two days. Brian is creating the final shipping spreadsheets, costs and setting up an autobilling system. We have created a system of drop points that will allow KS backers and Pre-orders with UNCONFIRMED shipping prices to reduce their shipping costs by picking up at game stores within 100 miles from them, and only pay freight, Vat and a small percentage of shipping. OR, they can choose to pay freight, Vat and full shipping to their home address.KS backers and Pre-orders who have not paid shipping can choose the drop ship option by logging into BecomeMagi.com and click on shop -> my account -> account info. There you will see a drop down menu to select the city you want. Be sure to click Save after you make your selection. Christopher has set us up with a Chinese distribution center. We are just waiting on the final prices. They will handle all orders from India, Australia, Japan and everything in between. They will ship out as soon as the reward packets finish up, they give us the costs, and we bill everyone else who has not paid shipping yet. Here is a bit of information you may be interested in. The CSCL Le Harve (the ship containing our game for U.S. backers) is arriving in LA. You can watch it's arrival here. <url>"Christopher really shouldn't interface with the public. His response to criticism, well-earned or unfair (and let's be honest, it's all been pretty well-earned) is to get defensive and go on the attack - he's a PR *nightmare* for this game." ---- Walking nightmare more specifically. "Christopher has been documenting the whole process and has hopes to release it in some form to show everyone just what it takes to launch a game from the ground up." --- I don't think anyone truly cares at this point. He misrepresented it at the beginning of the funding term as being a month or two away. Bottom line is, it was misrepresented, and to a degree, mismanaged. Had he not acted like a jerk a great deal of the time This may have went over better. You can't create loyal customers by acting the clown. Here is a little update on the CSC Le Harve. As of 11-08 it was North East of Japan heading out across the Pacific. We will lose touch with it till it nears the US coast. It appears to be on time and should reach Los Angeles on the 16th. Then we should be in the hands of U.S. Customs. I'll keep you all posted! So, as someone with a vested interest in the success of this game, and the company that produces it, might I make a suggestion? Christopher really shouldn't interface with the public. His response to criticism, well-earned or unfair (and let's be honest, it's all been pretty well-earned) is to get defensive and go on the attack - he's a PR *nightmare* for this game. No worries Dave. The Banner Saga just announced their release date. It's only a year and 2 months later than original projected! So ST isn't alone in being delayed. The Dictionary Is Live and Ready! You can find it in the menu under The Game-> Language. Or you can click here <url>"The Dangers of Kickstarter" list. Once I actually get the product maybe I can actually finish the article. The whole saga is quite the tale and I look forward to hearing it all from Christopher's POV, but from a backer POV this story is bumpy. :| Honestly, if this gets to me before Christmas I will be surprised. Seriously. I've completely lost interest in this by now. Maybe it'll look nice on the shelf if it ever gets here. Finally, we have some information on our ship! It's name is the CSCL Le Harve 0092e (AAC344E) It appears to have departed on 10/29 and should arrive in Los Angeles on 11/16. you can view the schedule here: <url>"Hi, we will be fulfilling from Germany, UK and the US. Product is already in our Ludpact warehouse in Germany, and the uk fulfillment center is sitting at export customs in China waiting for its boat. US order is on the boat which actually recently departed. (It was sitting in shanghai for about a week as it turns out. ) we will have tracking numbers on both shipments." You can view the whole thread here <url>#13886796 Christopher, what we hired you to do was to create the game that we paid for. We all want for the game to be a huge success, but this is hardly the first time where the backers have been left out of the loop. We don't all have infinite time to wait around for our copy and I doubt that I'm the only one that doesn't appreciate all the lip service about respecting the backers. And ultimately, Essen is just a game convention. If you look at the addresses from which the orders have come, there's a ton of people all over the place that can't evangelize the game because we haven't gotten our copies yet. And it's awfully hard to evangelize the game when the creator shows obvious disdain for the people that support it. I don't expect you to constantly be giving us feed back about exactly what's happening, but when things like Essen become the objective, we deserve to know the whats and whys before we find out about it through third parties. It's also reasonable for us to be kept in the loop when people are being permitted to queue jump. A short explanation up front posted prominently would likely have been sufficient for most of the backers, but it hasn't exactly escaped our notice that the quality of the information has been poor. If the website was to believed the boxes would have shipped at least a month ago. I'm not trying to be a downer here or waste your time, but the fact of the matter is that you invite this sort of criticism by failing to acknowledge when you're changing the terms of the deal we've made. It was never in the deal that I was presented that you'd be selling copies to people who hadn't already backed without first filling those back orders and it's downright insulting to my intelligence to claim that was always in the plans. I never saw that anywhere, nor was the community ever consulted about that. A lot of the interest I have in the game has waned over the last 16 months, and bone headed moves like this don't make it any easier to maintain enthusiasm. You've seen the finished sets, I haven't, and it's hard to have enthusiasm for something that's effectively vapour to me at the present. Jeremy, that's the thing IMHO. I want the game to be the best it can be, I just don't care for the attitude that I'm being elitist, petty or self-entitled for being annoyed that they have our money and don't appear to be concerned at all with keeping us happy. Granted, they've seen the game, they've seen how well the parts have turned out, but we don't really have that to factor in when we're griping about things like this. At most what we have is experiences play-testing with the copies that we printed for ourselves. I'm curious what their response is going to be when they finish dealing with SPIEL. I assume that they haven't even seen any of the griping due to the convention. <url>"a couple days ago" isn't very useful (is that two days ago, or three days ago? Watch the argument ensue over *that*!), I simply added 4 weeks to Oct 26. That could also mean it will arrive on US shores as early as Nov 15, but I wouldn't bet on it. Add in the time to get past US Customs, delivery time to their chosen distributor, set up time at the distributor, and then actual shipping time to get to people in the US, and we're looking at sometime in December as the absolute earliest it can arrive in people's hands here in the US. I'm betting January, personally. An update here would be much appreciated. That's good news, it's a shame that due to the weight of the components that it wasn't affordable to have them airmailed instead. ON THE BOAT! Actually it was on the boat a couple days ago but we didn't have confirmation till today. @Luds, of course they need our permission for that. Those units they're selling were made using our money and without our money they could never have afforded to make the game as ambitious as they did. Being a backer is supposed to include perks such as being one of the first to get their hands on the product. Every project I've backed where this was a possibility went to the effort of asking for permission when they wanted to do something like this. And with good reason, in this case the project is something like 16 months behind schedule and nobody should be getting their game before the backers do. What bothers me isn't that they are selling at Essen, this is an obvious done deal if they can, and unlike Thomas I don't expect them to ask for permission, they sure don't need it, but without the backers this would not have been done, I think they could have had the decency to post an Update saying they would and explain that they need to to make money. Instead they just ignore the backers again and do it behind their back. On top of that, as a GenCon attendee, I was promised a bonus gift since I came and talked to them and couldn't pick up my game, and what they did was offer a rebate for extra buys online, again, this is useless to me. I agree that it's an important point, but the question is why they're selling copies before filling the preorders and why they think it's OK to do that without our permission. Had they sent out the copies 6 months ago, I'm not sure that it would have been as big of a deal, but lending them money for well over a year and then letting people queue jump is not particularly classy. He was a preorder, but he bought a new copy so he didn't have to wait for the preorder any more. Kind of an important point. @Michael, thanks for keeping tabs on that. I have to say that as somebody who might not get to play his copy for quite some time, knowing that people are able to buy a copy at Essen is more than a little bit of a slap in the face. Granted the OP of that thread was a pre-orderer, but still, I don't see why people are being allowed to queue jump those of us that fronted the money for the production. And another update from someone who has managed to actually *buy* the game at Essen can be found here: <url>#13785695 it's been given the okay to leave China by Chris. And this same person actually got to see it there, at Essen, today. But hey, at least there's no bitterness from backers who get to wait another couple of months to see the game they backed, while others are already able to see it, play it, and maybe even buy it (with 300 cases there, I doubt very much that they're *not* selling it, but I've heard nothing to say they won't). Even for a kickstarter project a 15+ month delay is a bit ridiculous I'm adding this one to the list of if I ever see they, it's getting put on ebay I'm sure that I'll enjoy the game, but the delays have been ridiculous, that whole business of putting up a countdown counter was a huge mistake. Had it been reasonably accurate it wouldn't have been an issue, but we've had at least 3 or 4 days for every one day that it estimated. If it doesn't arrive until late December that gives me maybe a couple weeks to play, when I'm not working on last minute move preparations. Early on I didn't mind the delays, but at some point, I do need to be able to play. I no longer think I really care about this game. The initial idea was great and cool but then they got more money, decided to take the card game to an entirely new level and annoyed a lot of backers. I can only stay excited for something for so long. A year later? No longer really care. Unless I get this and its the most amazing thing I have ever laid eyes on and is the most fun game that I can explain to my friends in 5 minutes or less, probably not gonna enjoy it that much. Currently Serpent's Tongue is on the top of my List with Double Fine Adventure on "Products I backed and use as warnings to my readers" list. Could it still be great? Maybe, but I still warn skittish backers to perils of Kickstarter with projects like this and DF. *Sigh* My birthday is December 4th, will I get to play this by then? The signs point to no. :( This is now running late by 16 months, by far the worst for all projects I've backed. I was there at GenCon and it seemed like it was just a few weeks away. Now I'm not holding my breath for Xmas. All Packed Up and Waiting……. Lijia has everything packed and ready to go. They are just waiting for Christopher to inspect the shipment that just arrived in Germany (in Germany customs as we speak) to make sure everything is correct. Its our last chance to fix something or identify a serious problem before its all freighted out. Once this is complete, Lijia will load Serpent’s Tongue up and ship it out! That likelihood is zero. According to the website, the game is leaving the factory (in China) in 14 hours. It is being shipped by boat. That means about 4-6 weeks to go from China to the US. From there, it's at least another 2 weeks before it will be in your hands (assuming you're in the US). And that 2 weeks is going via estimates from other projects that I've backed and gotten. Factoring in past estimate accuracy, and the fact that some number of sets (maybe all) will be getting some amount of extra that's not being made in China, and the lack of information on the preparedness of those items, I'm not convinced we will get the game in our hands this year. *IF* the 14 hour estimate is accurate, January is, at least, plausible. I backed this project some time ago to add Serpent's Tongue for a convention's gaming library, and now the event is just over a week away(starts on Halloween). What is the likelihood of our sets arriving before this year's event? *Sigh* Lijia continues to pack up – USA shipment should go out Monday or Tuesday and the UK shipment later in the week. Asian orders are being held back so that they can be mailed directly to backers in Australia, Japan, Thailand, New Zealand etc… they haven’t given pricing on this yet, they’ve been busy. At this point, due to the delays, I'm not likely to get mine before I leave the US. And because of the size of the set I pledged for, Legacy Speaker, I'm not going to be able to take it with me. Which means that I'm not likely to get to play with my copy for at least a year after I finally receive it. Considering how long they've had to get this finished, it's really frustrating to know that it's likely to be waiting for me at my parents for a minimum of a year. The fact that people are apparently going to be able to buy a copy at a convention that I can't attend is just rubbing salt in the wound. This project should have been finished months ago. I was all fired up to play the game, but as the delays continually add up, it's hard to stay motivated and generally psyched, after a year and a half without getting a copy, I'm starting to question why bother. I hear ya Michael. These delays and such are annoying all around. :| I've seen projects where the creators have said "Look, we have an opportunity here. It would be unfair to backers, since non-backers will get the game before many of the backers. But it's such a great opportunity that we really don't want to pass it up. Will the backers accept us doing this?" And the result was something like 95% of the backers said "We want the company to do well. Go, take the opportunity, just so long as you *are* taking care of the backers as well, and not selling off what you're supposed to be getting to them." I like those projects. I wish them well. I also regularly tell them that I'll back their next projects. For this project, I'll say this much: At least the communications *have* improved lately. Feeling a little crapped on Michael? The tutorial videos are live. <url>"it'll happen". Would at least end the obnoxious comments and questions (including my own) about it never being accurate. Tentative Shipping Date From Lijia After much incessant whining on my part about getting an update posted for you all, Christopher was able to speak to Lijia this morning. They hope to have everything packaged and shipped on October 16th! As always, if there are any changes we will post as soon as possible to keep you all informed. Oh, I almost forgot......the counter has been corrected to show the ACTUAL DAYS till we ship from the factory. An official update on shipment would be appreciated, this project is way past late and no updates lately :( I have my own tracker running, I'm thinking of going thorugh the fourms and adding all of the events and updates from there too. Without something to count down to we can only count up. >_< <url>…Final Assembly and Shipping to Commence. Christopher received word that Lijia would be cranking up the presses and getting back to work this morning. Andy, Lijia’s production manager came back early, to approve the new foil wrappers with Christopher and get them printing so they would be ready for the workers on Monday. Why weren’t they printed already?….. well we actually don’t know. It was one of the most deceptive elements of Lijia’s time estimates. We were specifically told they were completed at the end of August. Christopher suspects that they had a problem with them, perhaps sizing and reprinted or they just never printed them. So where does this put us and what does this mean? It means that Christopher’s hopes they finished up all printing before they left may have come true. Christopher’s secondary hope that they finished up printing and assembly before they left did not come true. Thus they must now assemble then ship. They are trying, if you check out the "are we there yet" thread on the forums, you will see that they have been trying to avoid posting "no update" updates but have aggreed to be more informative as soon as they get the information. Currently we won't know jack til they can get ahold of people after the holiday so more than likely you will see the countdown changed to "will provide an update in "#" days." And we will of course yell at them in the forums if the "# days" doesn't specify if it's business or calendar days ^_^ Okay... Still there's a gap. A week long holiday added a delay, since China was off. Going by their last public statement (where I did the calculation a few posts down), the original "leave the factory" date (from that last public update, I remind you) was October 7. Add in the week long delay, and we're now at October 14. The site still says 8 days. Since we now know it's business days, that translates to October 15. A countdown is only exciting when it *can* be counted. Using Microsoft days just means that no one can tell when the next day jump will be, so checking becomes pointless and irritating. Will the site change today to "leaves in 7 days"? Who knows? A simple "Leaves the factory on Oct 15" would end all of that question and frustration. we found out in the forums that the counter was supposed to be business days, and not calendar ones.... (which almost makes me feel bad for trolling their facebook, KS page, and fourums; But i don't have a soul anyway so I'm exempt from feelings ^_^) We've been "almost there" since August, when that counter was first up. It's also worth noting that the counter was never more than 21 days on any occasion that I saw it (I'm pretty sure the first I saw of it was "16 days"). I hope I don't need to say more about the perceived veracity and accuracy of the counter. Yes, the counter on the website has been a point of contention and has been discussed. Not sure if Christopher is going to change it now that we are ALMOST there. Watch The Developers Play on ST Arena! All this anticipation has caught up with us. We want to play Serpents Tongue! And we are! On ST ARENA! We will be recording sessions for those of you who want to learn how to play or watch the masters tear each other apart. The first video is up. Watch the developers battle it out. <url>’ll be able to learn the basics and see some of the strategies used by the developers themselves. I'm with Michael. I've got two major things coming in October (hopefully) and I need to log into the site again and update my mailing address.. again. I've moved twice since this Kickstarter ended. (that's more a comment on my life than on how long this has been going BTW) What would be a really nice change: Instead of making us calculate the date this will leave the factory: Tell us the date. With the way the website updates, it almost makes it seem like the game won't "leave the factory" until all the reward sets are being sold. I don't believe that's the case, but I know that if I've thought of it once, so have some others. Having a real, solid date listed there (even if it changes) would give others some peace of mind about it. oops....that should have been September 30th not November! lol Sorry Guys. I was away for a few days. Here is the latest. Holiday In China While I was away for a few days a new development in production has poked up. Apparently China has a seven day holiday happening. Lijia will cease production for this time. Obviously this will push our shipping date back. The Holiday began on October 1st. On November 30th they were completing reprints and preparing to box and ship. Christopher was expecting an update before Lijia shut down for the holiday but did not receive one. When the holiday is over we will update you on the progress. Everyone here at UnBound is just as anxious as you all are to see this game in the hands of its backers. Another project I backed mentioned being sandwiched between two major holidays over in China, and that would affect the delivery on it. I wonder if those holidays were factored into the calculation? and Oct 1 if they included weekend days when they were making the calculation. So, counting business days, and not calendar days, and not counting the day of that last post, that means October 7, 2013, it will leave the factory. An Unexpected Response From Lijia…Good News! After talking with David from Lijia, Christopher was able to get a faster response time on the reprinting of the codex pages. We are now looking at 2-3 days rather than 7. That puts us at 12 days till Serpents Tongue is printed, sorted, packaged, and leaves the factory! I have a little insider information I’m not sure I should be telling you but hey….why not! Christopher can’t fire me, I’m a volunteer! (Just kidding oh mighty Son of Gabrielson) Christopher and a few other team members have been working on stationary for the Founder's Codex and it should also be available for sale in packets of 50. Codex stationary is ST themed, lined, and watermarked writing paper to keep in your codex to turn it into a real world functional book. Now you can take names and numbers when you kick some Magi A$$! <url>……… So what are UnBound up to while we anxiously await the manufacture and distribution of Serpent’s Tongue? I can’t give you any specific details but the design of the retail packaging (post kickstarter/pre-order) is being strongly debated by the team. Some rough edges of other facets of the game are being honed and polished. Maps for Out of Eden are being overhauled. Revisions to the founders codex are being implemented. 16 pages will be customized and unique. Also on the table are possible timeframes for the 2nd printing of Serpents Tongue. And a few surprises that may or may not be implemented for founders. None of which will add to the delays we are experiencing. So….. while we wait for the release of what should prove to be a truely unique gaming experience, the UnBound team is hard at work making sure you get all of what you expect and more than you paid for. After all….as Flare says…..”We are terrible at making money.” It is with deep regret that I have to pass this next bit of information on to you all. Another issue at Lijia has been brought to our attention. 18,000 codex pages were cut wrong(see pic). The corner quarter circle cuts are on the wrong side. The quarter circle cut was implemented to help protect the pages from being bent and torn by the 6 ring binder. The issue with this? The ultrasonic pouch used for holding the cards is form fitted to this design. If we kept the improperly cut pages then 2000 codexes would have 9 pages that are backward.. Lijia says they can correct the pages but it will take another 7 days for them to order the material, reprint, and cut the 18,000 pages. Christopher is working with them to find an alternate time saving solution ASAP. So, July 2012 is fast approaching, any news? ;) Kidding, no worries, I'm looking forwards to playing when it finally hits my door. Cheers! The Awakening To Power, And The Enlightenment Of Production Issues And so it has begun…Magi around the world have awakened to power. Their energies are eminating from within and displaying on The Map Of The Awakened! <url>#post-99504 Do not despair fellow Magi! Some good has spawned from this delay! The revamped energy trackers have turned out better than expected. Christopher says they are “super sturdy and strangely thick. They feel much more substantial now. More like an actual artifact than a punchboard game component.” The codex pages are also complete as are the compliance stickers. So while there are a few setbacks there is also a silver lining in that there is still forward progress being made. We will keep you all informed as we hear more. You could look at it this way……now there’s more time to pre-order any last minute add-ons you may have wanted. Another chance to meet up with Serpent's Tongue in Finland! Serpent’s Tongue will be present tomorrow (saturday 2013-09-14) at Tracon event at Tampere Finland. Come out and meet me and let us cast some spells together! We’re located near the rpg area! <url>ömä has taken the time to translate a Finnish review that was written just after Ropecon. It was posted here <url>”The black magi uttered his words of power and did the intricate gestures required for the incantation. His sinister spell went right through my defences, and I felt the curse of dark magic bubbling in my veins. Gritting my teeth I raised my hand and hissed a purifying spell. The black magi displayed a quick look of disbelief: now it was time for me to attack…” Serpent’s Tongue is a spell casting card game designed for 1-8 players, where players transform into magi who try to defeat their opponents through the use of a multitude of incantations. The game has not been published yet, but I had the opportunity to try the game with Jere from Unbound Games. According to the developers, the game was designed for a 2 versus 2 team battle at its core, but the system can host smaller/larger battles and even co-op gaming as well. During the demo session we played the 2-player walk-through included in the core set, which gives a taste of the things Serpent’s Tongue has to offer. Even though part of the developer team is Finnish, the creators of the game are American and the language of it is English (next to the magical language within the game). The visual first impression and the feeling you get from the game is really impressive. Both players hold a leather-bound spell book, from which they choose spells to cast. The spells themselves are big, tarot-sized cards, which hold magnificent art. It’s great to actually go through your spell book instead of drawing cards from a deck. In addition, the lore in the game and the idea of an alternate reality surrounding our everyday lives produces this neat immersion of actually being a magi. I was happy to notice that instead of just creating game mechanics, the team has tried to make a game which favors role-playing and immersion. The game mechanics even add to this immersion. In addition to the traditional card play and resource management, Serpent’s Tongue offers a chance for actual spell casting. A unique magical language, with a writing system of its own, has been developed FOR the game. Every spell requires the magi to verbally utter certain magic words. To not make things too simple, the cards only display hints of the required words in our familiar Roman alphabet, and usually the player needs to use a “code key”, a magical stone, to decipher the visual cues. After you have found the correct words, you lift the card up showing the backside of it to your opponent, and speak the spell out loud (with possible accompanying hand gestures). The required words and gestures are displayed on the back of the card, and thus your opponent will tell you if you succeeded in the casting. Spell casting is fairly straightforward and the core mechanics in it are simple, but even uttering basic level 1 spells is nice and challenging to a beginner. In a tight situation deducting the correct gestures and words from the cards give players whole new exciting experiences. Moreover, spell casting is simply fun! In the demo we played only with level 1 spells, whereas the highest level in the game at the moment is 5. Every difficulty level of the spell brings along new challenges, more words or hand gestures. This means being a master level magi is not purely about understanding game mechanics. The spell casting gives a new dimension to familiar card play, but at its core Serpent’s Tongue is a deck building battle card game, with lots of tactical elements. In the demo all the spells were predetermined, whereas in an actual game each magi would choose 27 spells from the 100 different ones in the core set. If these are not enough, you can expand your collection with card boosters like in Magic the Gathering, or buy a huge Master Archives Case which holds 360 spells. There are several different types of magic, and players are able to choose if they want play as a flesh corrupting black magi or an elementalist who crafts attacks and shields from earth and air. There are plenty of options in the core set alone, and it should offer everyone a playing style they feel comfortable with. Big part of the game is building your spell book so that the different synergies between spells work together. For example, in our demo game, my opponent first cast a cell destroying 'Cellular Degeneration', after which he was able to bypass my defence spells which would normally thwart attacks. The world and possibilities in Serpent’s Tongue are so vast, that with a short demo I have only scratched the surface. This game is definitely NOT a family game: to grasp the principles of the rules you need some time and effort. In the end, if you have the mind set to learn the game and some courage to “throw yourself in”, Serpent’s Tongue will award you in many levels. I can only imagine all the different combos and battles that could take place in the normal 2 versus 2 game. If you became interested, you can find more info at <url>’s Tongue also offers co-op gaming, where magi battle together against opponents controlled by certain rule mechanics. This it not uncommon in modern gaming, but Serpent’s Tongue has an ace up its sleeve: it can be played as a role-playing card game. Core sets ordered before August 14th will have a free bonus role-playing campaign 'Out of Eden' (it will later be available for purchase from the web store as an additional expansion). 'Out of Eden' is a part of a larger campaign where magi play through a story adventure, and advancing the story will change the world of the campaign. I have never met this kind of story telling, and combining a tactical card game to a larger narrative really intrigues me. I have not had the pleasure to try this version of the game, but you can get more information from becomemagi.com. For players looking for more tactical an experience there is the 'Sacred Sites' expansion, which adds an element of area control into the game. In addition, the developers are making a big push towards Alternative Reality Gaming, and I’ll quote Jere: “Starting from the covers on your spell book, our world offers a view down an endless rabbit hole. The possibilities are everything between heaven and earth.” There is so much going on around the game at the moment, that not even browsing through the website or forums explained everything. The core mechanics in the game are so interesting and strong that it will offer a brilliant basis for all kinds of innovation. once this does actually leave and is onboard, I expect every founder to link the lonely island's "i'm on a boat" youtube video to here >_< Woot woot 5 More days til it goes on a boat! small update from Christopher.... Where are we at? We are not quite where I wanted to be this September 3rd, but we are close. We had 4 issues arise in the past 2 weeks. These four have been corrected and are now being printed this week. 1. Codex Pages: delayed printing due to silly file format issues and misunderstandings about having pages unique to each Codex. This has been corrected and the Codex pages are FINALLY being printed. This is a fast process. 2. Spinner Punch-boards: The samples we received in time for GenCon did not work for us. The spinner wheels were far far too loose and could not hold a number. New spinner boards were ordered made from an even thicker material to allow a tighter bind from the grommet. These have been received and are being printed this week. 3. Avak'Shar cards: these are a few days behind schedule due to a misunderstanding about how many unique codes there are going to be. (They thought some of the codes were supposed to be repeated.) 4. Compliance Stickers: Our importer is reviewing the box to identify any missing customs compliance stickers like the missing "made in china" and "choking hazard" on our highly thematic boxes. When we send the file to Lijia they will print up a sticker to be placed on the box during assembly. This, they say is a fast process. UnBound Games and Serpent’s Tongue will be at the Salt Lake City Comic Con September 5th – 7th at the Salt Palace Convention Center.This promises to be the largest convention in the history of Utah with 40,000 presold tickets. If you are in the area you don’t want to miss this event. You will have a chance to meet some of the creators of Serpent’s Tongue and check out the game! Come hang out with UnBound and have some fun! <url>………”Where are the banners?” Yup, we misplaced our banners. Not in the rooms, not in the cars. “Oh well, we’ll make do.” We arrived at Gencon and began to set up. Low and behold sitting on a couple of chairs next to our tables were the banners. Must have been some Magi intervention! Sunday was a bit more relaxed. We ran demos, posed for pictures with some fans and had a really fun last day. Kevin Wilson (Descent, Arkham Horror, etc) stopped by to discuss the game and show it to a friend. Daria from Poland stopped by and played a demo round of Serpent’s Tongue. She really enjoyed it and said she is looking forward to working with us. Christopher shot a video for Boardgamegeek. <url>’t wait for next year! <url>……by now we were a well oiled demo and promo team! Hino, Ecthelion, and Conner (Lazarus) joined us to help out. The tables were once again packed all day and night, the buzz was growing and excitement was in the air! Christopher Talked with many Distributors.We were getting pictures and video of demos, testimonials from other game designers (soon to be posted) making new friends and creating the foundations of what should be a truly amazing community of Serpent’s Tongue fans and players. Two Fantasy Flight employees stopped by and checked out the Demo.We also had some special visitors from Poland.Michal Lisowski and Daria from Q-workshop and BlackMonkGames stopped by and talked to us about possible distribution and translation of Serpent’s Tongue for other countries. By the end of Saturday night we were all completely exhausted but the buzz from all of our incredible supporters kept us going. 7 Days til it leaves the factory!!! (Unless it updates today to 6.) <url>……again a little late arriving. Finding parking was a chore in itself. Magi were waiting to see and play a demo of ST. There was a buzz in the air and the excitement from the ST team members could be felt by everyone. Christopher decided to modify the demo to 4 players to alleviate the waiting time. He also included some higher level incantations to give people a taste of what they sound and feel like to cast and play. I was able to resolve our power issues which enabled us to use the small speaker systems Christopher had brought. This really drew attention to our tables! We underestimated the demand for demos and did not assemble enough components. The team scrambled to assemble more demo kits so we could run four demos of 4 players simultaneously.We had a few special visitors join us. John Zinzer (AEG owner and President) stopped by and discussed the game and Jordan Weisman (former FASA President and creator of Shadowrun and Mechwarrior) wished us well! From the time we set up till around midnight it was nonstop demos, meeting new friends and lots of ST talk. Gencon Continued <url>’s Gate unlock? When that number of Reward Sets is 0? Yes that ‘Reward Sets Remaining’ on the sidebar is the number for unlocking Kasanen’s Gate. Of course we have to hit it by about August 21st or so. Also our shopping cart system is not good at counting Cabal orders, so i have to manually adjust it every week, so right now we are probably closer to 260 or so. If this does NOT unlock, its okay, I have a back up Nam-Shub that will take its placed called ‘The Fall of Blossoms’ and it reintroduces last years’s Energy-based victory conditions. Its a little bit different now however. In essence your team must pay 16 Harmony and 16 Resonance and a single opponent is obliterated. It is done in 4 steps, with a maximum of one step of the ritual performed per round. There are some small advantages to each step as well, for example a 3 Essence infusion on step 3, and Harmony gained from Resonance rolls etc… Nam-Shubs WILL be required for some encounters. For example the Abomination of Merovech, cannot have its Essence reduced below 1. (Except by Discord Events.) Which means you have to either attack its Harmony until it self destructs from Discord, or you need to Nam-Shub it out of existence. The problem with the abomination is that it heals 1-3 Essence every turn, and most of its attacks’ Dmg is equal to its level of Essence. Thus even though you cant KILL It with normal Dmg, you still need to keep its health low, in order to prevent it from getting too powerful, WHILE you or your teammate try to finish the Fall of Blossoms or other Nam-Shub before its duration runs out. Serpent's Tongue Stories The first submission has been published to our Fan Fiction Library! A New Master by Jeremy Scherer. Read it here: <url>’s Tongue universe we want to read it! We will publish submissions along side Jeremy’s. We are working on adding better functionality to our library, where readers can filter and sort by Title, Author, Length, Era, and Style. A set of guidelines for writing in the Serpent's Tongue world can be found here. <url>#post-97483 Awatum Arrives! Have a secret message you need to send? Maybe an important bit of information you need to share with a fellow Magi to complete part of your paths to power? or... You could be hosting a Serpents Tongue game night and need to print up some invitations! You can craft any message you like using the Official Awatum Font which is now available here <url>’s Tongue. Sacred Sites takes the game one step further by adding a tactical board game. For more details and a special announcement at the bottom of the page follow this link! <url>’s Tongue. On Saturday night, we have even more in store for you. Players who have participated in a previous walkthrough will have access to our demo sets to build a Codex and compete in a 32 Magi team-based tournament. The prize? One of the Demo sets at the convention! This winner will have the world's first released Serpent's Tongue set, unless of course KickStarter backers object to this prize. Objectors should log their complaint below, in which case we will try to come up with an alternative. But we could use help running the demo tables and guiding players through the walkthrough! Any volunteers will be well rewarded with extra cards added to their orders, bonus Avak’Shar ranks, and Magi rank promotions, an Online Badge added to their Magi’s Nexus profile when it launches and swag! Please contact us a magisupport@unbound-games.com subject line: I WANT TO HELP AT GEN CON! Hope to see you all there! <url>"Christopher had too hard of a time cutting any of his babies out of the game so he had to let Flare be the hatchet-man". Christopher is still recovering in seclusion. <url>"Language Construction Kit" along with Lead writer Adam Duncan and Executive Programmer Jeremy Scherer will be approaching 1500 words by launch. All language viewable in the Flare Card Nexus (the online tome of spells) is final language with final escalation, gestures, and translations. <url>"This reward upgrades all game sets from sand timers to this custom engineered, 'one-button-push', 30 sec / 15 sec timer with an audible alarm. (Yes it had to be custom engineered... who would've thought?) The gameplay implications are huge - through play-testing a digital alarm added 4 X the suspense and urgency to casting, and makes Serpent's Tongue much more mobile. " I'm excited for this game! Looks like it's gonna be fun. I hope you guys have checked this out: <url>"Lines for Life Ordered" are supposed to include Lines for Life that are part of a backer level (like "SPEAKER LEGACY. LINE FOR LIFE")? OK, got my reply, and they shouldn't be blank, and I've got mine added. Anybody else in the same boat, make sure to respond. I was a bit surprised that they were working today, given the holiday. Be warned! If you use an iPhone to try doing all this, you may meet with failure (@_@) Are the lines for "lines for life" and compendiums supposed to be blank on the confirmation page? I don't think there's been a mistake as the confirmation page does list the correct KS pledge level, but it's unclear as to whether those lines indicate that there's no order for those items, or if the number wasn't included in the confirmation. Just hoping to get my pledge sorted out of all the immersion... Glad to see some serious traction going on this now! Excited to have the finish line in sight. While I share in some of my fellow backer's frustrations about the communication with this project, I don't have any frustrations (well... I wanna play, but past that) with the delays. The issues with the manufacturing are "the facts of life" sadly, but the development... or rather redevelopment process is fantastic and ONLY benefits us as backers and unbound games for a whole. I do not regret my investment in the slightest and I look forward to getting people together for games this fall. Thanks for the quick response! Christopher - You mention a comprehensive update coming in comment 5 days ago. Not to rush you or anything, but when do you think that will be up? Again, take as much time as you need. I'm fine with waiting for it, I'm just interested :P You rock! That will help get the info out greatly Would it be possible for Master Borso to copy the updates to the Serpent's Tongue Facebook and Google+ pages. There are many who cannot access becomemagi.com due to it's "game site" classification but can access KS,FB, and G+ Even if we take the communication issue out of this, let's look at this one statement upon the project creation and that was... "The game design, sourcing, marketing, story, and components, are done." That obviously wasn't the truth and is the sole reason a great deal of us pledged to the thing in the first place. You can hire 20 PR people but at the end of the day, that wont win you back loyalty. "Can you point to ONE kickstarter game project that has more communication than this?" Bad question to ask. Fate Core (50 official updates since the project went live Dec 3, 2012). Enough information in the updates that there is never a question what the current status is. Incorporating the feedback of many backers (if you want to know just how much, go ask the creator, he'll tell you. He even publishes his exact sales online). Professor Pugnacious. 23 updates since it went live on Nov 4, 2012 (average of 9 days between updates). When the project creator was asked about the current status by me, he published a full public update within hours, and has since committed to (and kept) the schedule of providing an actual update at least once a month. Dungeon Heroes. 38 updates since Oct 16, 2012, when it went live. I never even had to ask anything, because the creator posted updates on a regular basis. Those last two didn't have anything like the FCN, but they also didn't have a real use for it. The first one had different issues, but has been consistently working through them and telling everybody about them. Something that will surprise you: I feel bad for asking what's going on on any project. I know the people are busy. I know they're working hard on trying to get something done that they want to see probably more than I do. There is something that it seems like you do not acknowledge, though: You've got about 1200 people who backed this. At the last I heard, around 600 of them had *not* made an account on becomemagi.com. Despite that, you are posting information almost exclusively to becomemagi.com. Roughly half the backers of this project have no idea what's going on. That's because they backed here on Kickstarter, and expect to receive information here, on Kickstarter. And the last update that was posted here was done on April 8, nearly three months ago. Furthermore, you've posted 26 of those official updates here, meaning that the people who have only watched here are missing 19 of them. I understand that you believe you have communicated a great amount. I understand you believe that you have done everything possible to make the information available. The message you are being given, though, is not the amount of communication. It is the organization and presentation of it. Instead of providing a useful digest of what's happened over the past month, UnBound is, in many ways, demanding that people follow all the discussion over at becomemagi.com just to ever have some idea of where things stand right now. And if the people don't do so, then they're not allowed to say "I don't know" or "What's happening?" because that question is already being answered a dozen other times elsewhere. Here's a way to look at it that might make sense: Each piece of information is a piece of gold. The communication about the information is a treasure map. The way some people feel about the communication style of UnBound is that said treasure map is harder to follow than the Voynich manuscript. If that's not good enough to explain the problem, I'm sorry. I'll stop trying, though. The day will come when the game gets here, and I really look forward to that day. Between now and then? You'll at least have my silence. LET'S GET THAT OFFICIAL UPDATE OUT TO STARVING MAGI! I've been patiently awaiting ST for over a year now. I've contributed found art, incantation/artifact creations, given rules input, set up a local Cabal, etc. I know that the Unbound Games Team have a life outside of ST. But, consistent transparency would have gone a long way in avoiding the 'I feel cheated and ignored' problem. Right now I'm patiently waiting for a update on the official site and on KS. I know that things are 'as done as they are going to get' and am ready for ST to start printing, packaging, and shipping. I haven't lost faith in the project and would rather it be the best that it can be than a broken game that I've invested a paycheck into. I may not be a "P2Player Magi". But, I am going to be a collector, creator, and "Solo Magi" who enjoys the Campaign(s) & RPG elements of the game. Once things are into production I'm sure that I'll start adding the 30+ incantations that I have backlogged to the Flare Card Nexus (FCN) that are more RPG-centric. >.< Maybe folks wouldn't be so upset if you were consistent, and answered communications. Maybe you might consider actually publishing ALL the comments people have left on your site instead of ignoring them. People are discontent BECAUSE--- you stated this in plain english on the project homepage. I quote "The game design, sourcing, marketing, story, and components, are done." You got funded out the rear and decided to redo everything. Maybe it will make the game better, maybe it wont. In the meantime, people who gave you money are COMPLETELY DISRESPECTED by your lack of information and communication. How hard is to return a message asking about how to update a shipping address? Those little things matter. When you take care of them, you will have repeat customers even with the delays. Ignore them as you have been, and you'll lose a great deal of your user base. Hopefully you'll begin to take the PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS POSSIBLE FOR YOU seriously. I check everyday to see if there's a new update in their site :/. There's not even a estimate to what date I'll actually get this on my doorstep :/. My friends who also backed this now say "...it's like serpent's tongue" when something is taking too long :<. Out of my 70+ projects backed, this is the only one that has sucked a rock. I suppose I am fortunate, but it doesn't feel that way... I have to agree with some of the comments here - updates have become more and more sporatic as time goes on. I'm still looking forward to the game, but money was given in good faith and lack of communication can disrupt that faith. Come on, ST team, do you read our comments? I've tried posting here and the actual website - I never receive any response from a member of the team. Please just make another short video where you guys are in developing this. I don't care if production takes this long, but you can't leave us with hardly any information like this! @Stephen Cowart Agreed on all counts. Would have rather they put all that extra cash into marketing or something else, instead of retooling it entirely. Any interest I had in this game is long gone, so I'm fairly indifferent about about the games development cycle at this point; I'm guessing I'm not the only one. I didn't renege on my pledge, but I'll likely flip it on eBay as soon as it arrives. what's the latest on the game? There is a new update, it's on their site. It will probably make it's way over here in a couple days. It details just what they have left to confirm before getting the final forms of the codex and some other things. @Teamski, I like the original idea for the game. I'm not such a large fan of the game after they got all the money. I'd personally have rather had the original game about a year ago rather than this "updated" game which... I still don't have. Honestly after waiting for so long you just get this bitter feeling. More so when the only way to get updates is to go to another site, sign up for an account, post on the forum and hope someone knows something. @Kevin -- And the game would have sucked. -Ski I kinda wish now that they would have been a lot closer to the pledge goal as apposed to the $200K, at least I'd probably would have had the game months ago that looked so cool last year. . . Updates come SLIGHTLY more often at the website here <url>"good enough" look like. Delays forgive, (by me). Ready for the game and I will try and spread the good word!! The new Wordpress website is very.... White. It seems to have lost all my account and rank details as well but maybe they are just updating them? @Andy, I'm not really sure about anything anymore either. I'd say post on the fourm at becomemagi.com where most of the people who know what is going on talk about it. I'm trying to get some answers as to what I'm getting as well. When this kickstarter was in session, I backed at the "apprentice" level, but I've been having some confusion over the past couple of months. What exactly am I getting? On here it says the solo game, but on the site I think I've seen that people my level and up are getting the full multiplayer game. Is this true? Maybe I just read something wrong. I tried to contact the ST team via email, but they didn't answer, so if someone with knowledge about this answered it would be much appreciated. the new site is neat, though I am curious on how many kits have been sold, if it's 605 kits or less. I'm probably gonna buy a kit or two just for the merit of getting one. The new site is sweet! -Ski I found it xD; it was next to Shop xD Did you try the "Log In" link in the upper right? :3 The website looks awesome now~ :D(How do we log in to it >.<?) Ah, it did say two magi. I think I was confused after reading the Master collector that said a core set, then reading player where they specify magi set. That's how I got stuck on two core sets. Really I dont even know what I'm getting at this point, but I'm looking forward to it. The latest images look great. Okay, I see it. From what I'm reading, the Master is two complete Magi sets. The Magi is (basically) 2 core sets, plus one case. Since Master is double, that would mean 4 core sets, and two cases. That translates to about $25 cheaper than the Magi preorder. I was comparing Master Player, vs magi on preorder. It's confusing now, because you can't see what the reward tiers all entails. I beleive both are 2 core sets and a case? Locrum it looks like the same price to me. Little bit MORE cause we didnt' have to pay for shipping. I just did some minor comparison (definitely not detailed), but I don't see it. Locrum, what do you see that makes you say the preorder stuff is cheaper than the KS stuff? The prices look a bit lower for the same product on the pre-order page than what was available here. I've got to be missing something. YAY!!!!! They didn't post an update, but on the front page of becomemagi.com, it says that the manufacturing will start April 1st. So it is finally happening! New month, new update please. Michael I agree, this is definitely the right way to go. It respects the KS agreement and allows them to, hopefully, draw in new supporters. There might not have been as much opposition if the possible plan was more clearly understood by the KS backers, but I think this is a much superior way to go about it. For those who were replying to the latest Valentine's update, check this post out before doing any more: <url>"Sphere Keeper" status. That status was granted because those individuals focused on reviewing spells in that sphere, and continue to do so today. Their comments, suggestions, and even new spells aligned with the vision held by Chris and the SoG for that sphere, and as such those individuals act as a first line review team for the SoG. In the end, Chris and the SoG make the final choices as to what the spells look like, and whether or not they will be included, but being able to have a group of people dedicated to this has helped them out tremendously. Another participant who uses the name Flare is the individual responsible for creating the card creation/management tool. He started with a very basic tool to help him print low ink versions of the cards back with playtest version 1.0, and has built up the end result tool that we see today. Any elevation that has been granted has been earned by participating somehow. Card comments, forum posts, or just taking charge of something that wasn't part of the project/process, and making something so useful that the SoG started using it themselves. Finally, the back story: There is a forum thread called "The Retelling" that is probably as close to canon as any of us can get right now. It's not canon, and it's likely to be rendered mostly (if not entirely) invalid when the release occurs, but it's still a fun participation thing for those who are participating. Check it out at <url>"Speaker soandso" before there name. I don't, despite picking the "Speaker legacy" option in KS. 2. I never got conformation that my survey was received. Unless I get some kind of conformation, how do I know they got the info? Gunnar, I am sorry to say that the site is not the most user friendly and I dislike spending any time in there. Please copy&paste any and all communications that you release on the forums through the KS channels. Until this game is shipped and in our hands this is a KS project in all it's glory. Respect the KS community and use the structure that has funded the Sons of Gabrielson so handsomely. When you release expansions off ST own back is when you can divorce yourselves from the KS site. Thanks The new site will also incorporate a more extensive and secure player profile page. this profile will allow you to change your shipping address, review your KS rewards and more. I wish there hadn't been those few that feel left out of the loop since we have tried to keep an above kickstarter average of communication going. We have 39 Official updates over the past 9.5 months, an approximate average of 1 a week. The development team has submitted 1,600+ forum posts and comments during that time period as well. You can see all official updates by mousing over the community tab and clicking Updates. The new website i am finishing up is designed to deliver all future updates and information more clearly. I am designing the front page to include the ten most recent updates and expandable to include them all, and we are including a sidebar of the most recent 3 videos, and most recent 2 updates, as well as the 3 most recent forum posts. This sidebar will be on most pages, so I am hoping no matter where you go on the site you should have updates shoved in your face : ) The site should also be much more searchable than this last one, more legible, much faster to load, and all around cooler! wish me luck. There are 300 and rising post kickstarter backers called Legacy Founders that wont receive updates through the KickStarter system. So all updates were moved to www.BecomeMagi.com. Sorry we have tried to notify everyone of this half a dozen times, but there are still some that didnt get the memo for some reason. The release date was adjusted to October 31, 2012 before the KS campaign ended. So they are running late, but not JULY late : ) Codex Samples From China <url>’s the schedule: In October, the game gets shipped to manufacturing. Per a post from @shockmoth (Christopher Gabrielson) in the past week, the current release to manufacturing is looking to be mid-October. At that point, manufacturing takes over, and that process has an unknown timetable. At the least, if the SoG have it, it has not been revealed, and my memory of the Assembly is that they had not been given an estimate for how long the manufacturing process would take. Finally comes shipping the product from the manufacturer to the US. They had two possible manufacturers they were talking to, one in China and one in Germany. They did not present the shipping schedule from Germany, but the schedule from China was 8 weeks to go from China to the east coast of the US. End result: If the game goes to the manufacturer on October 15, and takes no time to make, it would be hitting the east coast of the US on December 10. Add in possible delays on getting to the manufacturer, and the actual manufacturing time, and I, personally, would not expect to see the game until January. Any scheduling update? Are we going to get this before Christmas? Curious about what's happening with ST? Check out the Assembly of the Magi @ <url>’s a large undertaking and I’m happy to say, it looks very promising. But, these changes take time and extensive internal testing before being sent to the masses. If you haven't stopped by the main site, please do. www.becomemagi.com. I know that some backers just don't find themselves moving to other sites and I understand that. I'm going to talk to the powers that be and see if we can have another update posted here for you. In the long run, I think you’ll find that the wait for the next playtest is worth it. With all sincerity, Greg K. / Legacy Speaker Thane If you haven't been over to the main site to exercise your playtesting muscles yet, now might be a good time. When logging in over the past few weeks an automatic survey pops up. The topics look like they'll affect the game, including how much luck you want to see and such, so if you want your voice heard, then, quick, log in over there! WOW! Dear Life: Seil nikay I elumadh, azhder lu! It's been a hard Friday here in Japan. TODAY is the playtest, well, it WILL be. Tomorrow. Ah! Excited! @Industrial Scribe The updates you're asking for have been listed on the website. The cutoff date for Founder upgrades is June 30th. I know the post KS survey will be sent out soon. The Ordo Principium list will be worked on after the cutoff date. @librarycharlie To reiterate what Mr. Shanklin has expressed, please go to the main website. While the Kickstarter does receive a post here and there, it's closed. The main website has been extremely active since. At last count, there are over 500 registered on the forums. Why not join us. www.becomemagi.com I posted some draft card text on facebook for the play testing set that is scheduled to be released Friday: <url>"what we're doing today" in a blog-style would probably be well worth your time in terms of building and maintaining sustained interest. Just a suggestion. Nothing has me more stoked for games at my shop than this game! What I see so far, Serpent's Tongue is perfect! I have a feeling this is going to be awesome and huge! Can't wait to see this and hope the guys are at Gencon this year so I can shake their hands! I believe that the post KS survey will be after the 45 day Founder window to upgrade their pledge. Makes sense as this works in conjunction with the Ordo Principium listing on the website. So, don't quote me on this, that would mean sometime at the end of June or beginning of July I think. I haven't seen a survey or anything, should I have? Hope everything is going awesome! Concept art just posted! <url>#testing & framing? I would be very interested! I'd be tempted to not cut them. LOL Would we be able to order 2 sets? One for play and one for testing? -Stalfos Blavano @Aaron that sounds interesting, any idea what the extra cost to backers would be if they wanted that option? I assume the codex would still be print and bind somewhere at home. I heard a suggestion on the forums to release full color printed, uncut card sheets to founders for playtesting. They would have to be printed and mailed. Any interest in that instead of a PDF downloadable version? Might be cheaper to have someone print them and mail them to you then to print them at home. Aaron Gabrielson SoG2 When you figure out shipping on our sacred font pledge could you include 2 codices and 2 compendiums with the total. I only included $9 over the $995 pledge so far. Thanks for the quick answers though, so stoked to launch this at my store! @Ron I think you stll have to upgrade for codices and conpendiums if you want them. Each codex is $10 and compendium is $12. They would still be needed to be added to your order. Question for you guys. I funded as a sacred font for my store, it says I get 10 of everything in the kickstarter promo, now does that include updated codexes or do I have to add funds to upgrade for. Some of those for my son and I? Just want to make sure I am in for all I need, I want two of the founders codexes for sure! Thanks for the help. I just added LINE FOR LIFE through the Serpent's Tongue website! <url>"tone" here just I do fund KS projects to be treated in the conventional way of - it will show up when it does. No, I enjoy hearing/reading/seeing the ups and downs has a project unfolds to it's final form. All that plus we haven't seen any packaging for anything - again I understand that this game was going to be a $20,000 output but that has been ramped up due to the backing but I want to see what they were aiming at pushing out in July. We have really seen very little of the actual finished products other than a couple of game play vids. Master Rodger @awakended -- KS takes 5%, amazon takes 5% for a 10% total. I noticed this morning that Serpent's Tongue is 13th on the hotness list at board game geek. Maybe we can still get it to number 1. sadly its being pushed back about 3 months - but hey better pushed back and a great game than released early with lots of flaws @Stephen Rodger: It was very much one of those... "you had to be there" moments. But take heart! You're a Founder and there's plenty of party to come! No update - no video from the party.... Sad Master Rodger Looking forward to the playtest kits, and more on what you're looking for out of them and how we can help. Also, up to #13 on the hotness on boardgamegeek. Might seem like a small thing, but as a board gamer, I've initially found a large chunk of my collection on the hotness, so I'm glad ST is getting some free exposure :-) @LS Thomas: Indeed, I'm sure that a portion of that is the CC fee. I'm sure the funding nature of KS rather kept the Amazon cut quite small. I'm curious how the fee will be affected if/when KS goes global, allowing projects from anywhere. For all the complaints about how KS is inferior to @Awakened, 5% ultimately isn't much, I think that includes the tab on the CC processing fee as well. And screen refreshes aren't exactly free, you know. @ Aaron Gabrielson: June 7th for playtesting? Calendar marked! Kicking off the summer with a little magic--nice! @ Eric Nielsen: If Amazon handles that end of it, I suppose that THEY really do earn their 5%, too! @MhidDa: Indeed! I wonder if it's influenced by the expert development around ST? Regardless, it is something to pay attention to, as ST seems to favor scavenger hunting! I don't understand pebble, but I am working on a sundial that can communicate with your watch. Should be a great success. We only have one thousand less comments than pebble but they have 68,000 backers! Aaron, thank you for the info! Never thought that it would make it to $100,000. We've gone so far. Good things come to those who wait, right? :D on a sidenote, a lorem ipsum isn't true latin. it's faux-latin, it looks like latin but it's just a mumbojumbo of letters, that like eric pointed out, just look good on paper. That's just the industry standard for placeholder text. It looks "right" in terms of length of words/paragraphs, rather than just copying the same sentence over and over like some people do. Its most likely not an ARG this time :) that's the one. is it "Lorem ipsum"? anyone else notice the preorder test page on the main site covered in Latin? Found it through Brian's recent activity... @jake, Awesome. Cant wait! Going to go down to my local gaming shop and show em. @Michael: If you contributed to the Kickstarter, you are a founder! @Aaron, Are we all founders or are founders special persons? I feel this is a stupid question :l You too, Eric? Mine's the third. Alas.... I was hoping for playtesting around my birthday, like Eric. But as mine is May 24th, I'll have to hold my breath til June at this point. Hopefully Origins convention will take up my brain activity til then. @Aaron, thanks for the update. Looks like I'll have something extra to play with in my birthday week :) Founder playtesting sets will released early June. Shooting for June 7th. I agree with lots of the posters here. Take as much time as you need but keep us updates. No matter how small it is a weekly update on kickstarter would be awesome. It could just be a "hey guys, everything is on track." Or possibly "getting the cards printed is taking a lot longer than expected, might be a couple more weeks." Whatever it happens to be we like to be in the know. All I ask is that we stay up to date on what is happening. I figured the release date was a target, not set anyway. If they spend the time am,ing a better game, then my money is spent all the better. @awakenddragon I believe it takes two week for them to get the money -- amazon holds it for a bit in case of chargebacks, etc and to process tax documents. As someone that regularly frequents boardgamegeek, congrats on hitting #27 on the hotness :-) Well, the ST brothers have said that they're happy and excited. I'm sure that right now they're busy. I'm not sure how quickly all that money gets to them (bouncing credit cards and all that), and I somehow doubt that it would be a lump sum. I'm sure they get even more busy once it's time to send out the final playtest versions, and then sift through the feedback. Then it's ordering everything. And then mailing everything... I'm sure it goes without saying that they'll be busy just keeping up with the website, calling who they need to call, and every other bookkeeping task under the sun in through all of this. I'm sure they'll have a nice sum left, but after running this marathon I think they'll feel as if they've definitely earned it! Good luck to them! I just want to know how does it feel to to ask for a little change to be broken off for your wacky game idea and then wake up and there is $200,000 in your bank account the next day Sweeping, sweeping, sweeping... @ Eric: That's been done by some monks allready Ohm-Ma-Ni-Pad-Me-Hum I feel really honored to be part of this new game. It promises to deliver all the most desirable aspects of fantasy magic. I can easily see myself obsessing over this game. Well done to the entire dev team. Now to find my incantation for increase in patience. =^.^= Well it is all of May 14th so far so we'll see how it goes. I know they are working hard to get the playtest kits and the ST language ready for us based on comments and talk in the global chat on becomemagi.com, so hopefully they'll get it to us quickly. 195k! Jeez i never saw it going that far!! Congrats guys, look forward to playing :) Man guys, almost $200,000! Great job and thanks to all of the Serpent's Tongue dev team for bringing us this incredibly unique game and all the goodies you're giving us backers. Can't wait to get even using the play test kits. Have a great week fellow magi. Sure wished I had moved up to Master Players before time expired! I tried but didn't beat the buzzer lol. Thanks, Mitchell. I ask because it seems strange to mention May if you can't playtest in May, per the mention in the stretch reward information: "Participate in the final stage of playtesting in May and June." I believe they will be made available at the end of the month Just woke up to amazing news. We've blown $20k past the last stretch goal! Congrats everyone :D Query: when will the Playtesting Kits for Founders be available? That white board is awesome @Cy Passley Comment #4000 rounds out the night's achievements. So many more than some other projects I've followed! Very active group, Huzzah! it's finally over! congrats to all who participated Grats to all involved, this has been a truly impressive effort. Congrats and goodnight! =D @Cy, LOL. I see Aliens! You've got time to perfect it Cain. Here's some inspiration. <url>"Where were you when Serpent's Tongue" went public? Me? I was partying with the bros on global chat! Can't believe we almost hit $200,000! Especially since the goal was only set to $18,000. Woot for 1,000% funding! Awesome! FUNDED! And both my payments are through. Glad my Word is a Healing one... Grats! Time for bed. it will be** Congrats! Congrats! My credit card is burning through my wallet in protest. but i will be worth it. My message got sent about 20 sec early, but yea, WE ARE AWESOME!!! Awwww yeah! Gratz all! Gratz @SuperGabrielsonBros. Gratz to the world! A new genre is born!!! Pure Nuts! Congrats! I'm In the UK so just woke up to Us hitting $195k, WOW! Amazing. Well done. congrats! Congratulations! What a wild ride! Congrats! What a fun thing to be a part of!... 135 Speakers.... That would make one hell of a concert!! -Ski Damn. I can no longer claim personal credit for breaking $195,000 -- I convinced a friend to pledge at the 7 minute mark at Magi level, and we broke by more than that. XD Congratulations to all Founders, I look forward to meeting you in the future! Congrats to all! Awesome! Congrats! Good job all, now to the future we shall go forth! Congratulations everyone! !!!!! yay congrats everyone~ \(^0^)/ Sucess! We did it! IT. IS. FINISHED! FOMO strikes again! Congrats!!! Wheeeeeeee! WOO! CONGRATS EVERYONE! Way to end it! :) ·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·.SUCCESS!!!.·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·. Congrats! Well Done!!!! 10 30 seconds, can we get that extra $5k? The Awakening is upon us.... less than a minute! KS Campaign - Successful!!!! :D ONE MINUTE TO GO!!!!! One minute! TWO MINUTES!!!!! OMG. I did not think we would make that. Go Magi! Just a few minutes left, I'm curious to see what the final numbers will be. This has been a very fascinating and enjoyable project to watch and support. @Gunner Gabrielson: Going! This is the most excellent moment ever! *tee hee* Hey guys come join us over on www.becomemagi.com in the chat room! (login and click apps in the bottom left corner - global chat 1) <url>| V 10min till my bank account rolls over and dies! SWEET! Cool, in the few hours I've slept we've made almost $15k :O @Becky I have no idea now actually since I refreshed and read the recent posts. But on the site it does say "Canada is +$9.00 per set. " but then you have info that says "Receive 2 Master Player or Collector Sets" and" 4 Core Sets and 4 Cases of Inscription Packs" so now I'm not even sure what a set actually is xD but yeah your right they can always get in contact with us for extra shipping fees. @Makotea... yes master player is two core sets and two inscription cases This is exciting. I should go to get pop corn. Remember to come join the fun at becomemagi.com -- we are partying in global chat while the last minutes tick away! @Makoae. Yes, at the Master Player level Makotae - Master Player: Two core sets plus two cases Pure show of faith transmuted into reality Just want to confirm but if I go to the master player level, I get 2 core sets and 2 full cases. It mentioned the 2 cases on the website but not on kickstarter. I just want to be sure. Thanks Must be awesome for the brothers to see their dream receive overwhelming support like this! I sure am proud to be a part of this from the ground floor. Great to know there are so many like minded people out there! Only 15 minutes to go. It's been such a fun ride and this is only the beginning! Thank you to all the lovely gentleman and lady Magi who have been here making the Magic happen! @Atheron, Oh, so maybe that $9 per set is for the expansions, and the $9 at any level is for the original pledge. That would make sense. I guess we wait and see, and if they need to bill me more for shipping after Kickstarter, I will gladly pay. I don't want the Sons of Gabriel to go broke on this thing. Becky by the time shipping kicks into play - you should have forgotten this pledge pain. oh nm i just refreshed... whoops That's awesome Rob! The race to 200 is on. Going to be close. Got my pledge in! Hope it helps us make it to $200,000 before the end! Good Times Games will be a Sacred Font for Magi, so excited. I don't expect all the stuff to ship for $9 but they can let me know when they have it figured out and I will get them covered. Yeah I think it is just overall $9 for the entire package being sent to you at least there is no indication that it is $9 per part btw I was asking a similar question earlier. Mostly about if we'd have to pay shipping for the Line for life expansions we'd be getting. Here's Brian's answer. "Yes unfortunately there will be the 9$ charge for the cases at least, although we are working on plans where you will just be able to pick it up from a local game store. So that would be the maximum you would have to pay in shipping, but we are constantly looking ways to eliminate the shipping charge or lower it. That process will not stop with the end of the KS campaign. " Hope this helps @Eric, You are right. I just checked Becomemagi.com. Right under the international chart it says Canada is $9 per set. :( @Eric, From the bottom of the home Kickstarter page: Shipping to Canada We are going to subsidize shipping costs to Canada (approximately $19) by the amount dedicated to US Shipping. The shipping surcharge to Canada is $9 for any level of backing. Thank you for the extra level of support! Thanks again! I will get my pledge in for a Sacred Font and add $9 outright, then they can let me know how much more to add afterward to ensure I have everything covered! So excited to be a part of this! Hope to meet many of you at Gencon this year! @Becky it says 9 per set for canada as far as I can tell. But I never looked before to know if it changed. Yes there may also be a bulk discount on shipping for a Font level, I'd wait to confirm with a Son of Gabriel. No problem Rob! Enjoy and welcome. Oh, on the front page they said just $9 for any level of backing for Canada. Did they change that?. I believe that would be 9 * 30 (each core set or inscription case) or 270 for shipping a sacred font to Canada. However they have said you can do shipping via PayPal after the drive ends if you want to confirm with someone more official MAGI OFFICIANT and ARCHIVIST UPGRADE. Shame I couldn't contribute more, hopefully my colleagues were able to chip in. It was tough choosing which level to go with, but I think that I made the right choice for upgrading my organization's game library. Very impressed with this project. @Benjamin, you add it now and afterwards they'll send a survey asking you what you want Thanks so much for the well written answers Jayce Pentad and Mac! I was thinking the same route but you made it clear. Now for Canadian add on shipping is $9 covering the pledge or is that $9 for each set meaning I need 15 times $9? Sorry for so many questions, I just want to make sure I get it all right before the deadline. @ Jayce Is the Founder's Codex (10) and the Compendium (12) something we need to include in our pledge, or is that something offered after the project is funded? 191k and 36 minutes to go!!! We can do it!!! You can also add exclusive Founders' Codexes for $10 each and Compendiums which are premium card storage tomes for $12 each (the Compendiums will retail for $30). For those just add the appropriate amount to your pledge and you will be able to specify what it is for in the post-KS survey. Where's your shop? : ) @Stephen Schaffer I've got Zombicide and Ogre on the horizon, and have to test my Infinity lists before GenCon, so there will be lots of gaming this year. Hi Rob! As Sacred Font Plus (which is the same as Sacred Font but updated for the same price to include a Line for Life) you would get a good starting stock for your store perhaps in addition to everything you need for you and your son including 10 sets of all exclusives and 5 of the founder rewards bags for your gear. So even taking out everything for both of you you'd have several Core Sets and Cases of Inscriptions for the store, and more copies of the exclusives for prizes or giveaways! You could keep the Line for Life goodies for yourselves as they come out and then just order product for your shop normally. @Rob Not sure but it seems like you could pledge sacred font plus which comes with one line for life then add another for $175 taking care of the store and you and your son. @Jayce Thanks for the info, I'll wait patiently for the email announcement then. Odd my iPad double posted that @Jennifer, ah gotcha. That makes a lot of sense. Thanks! Lawrence, email me @ stephen@ tux2u.com Perhaps we can get some board gaming going. I'm in a number of gaming groups and play nearly every week Lawrence, email me @ stephen@ tux2u.com Perhaps we can get some board gaming going. I'm in a number of gaming groups and play nearly every week As players, my son and I are really excited to get in on this. I am also a retail store owner though and wondered if it would be best to get in as A Sacred Font or think about the two of us and get in as legacy speakers to get the line for life and extras. What do you all think would work best in my situation? I think this game will do well at my shop, but I also want to ensure my son and I get all the bonuses we can get for ourselves. Also does anyone know how the game will be distributed once it releases? Thanks for your time guys. Not yet, one of the Sons mentioned on global chat on becomemagi.com that they were hashing out more of the pre-sale post-KS details tonight but weren't sure how quickly they'd have that info ready for posting. Gunnar is working on the pre-sale site right now but it's having some issues. @StephenC - the Deluxe Set mentioned on the website is the ADEPT level of pledge here, the core set. It's hype, for the retail market, to play up the value and heft of the components. @Stephen Schaffer I'm in Orlando as well. I play Infinity once a week at Phoenix Games. @Jayce That's a good point. I can see how it might be better not to give people something to be dissapointed over in the end. Has the next pre-sale reward been announced? Though I'm not positive. Greg, it seems that there will be a "grace period" on the website for that but they are working out for how long. @Greg Krywusha: I believe it was stated that all Founders are "grandfathered" in and can pay for extras at a later date. I wouldn't wait TOO long after, though. @Greg Maybe, but not through pledging, it'll be through their website. @Greg Krywusha:As I understand it, yes, through Paypal. I just want to make sure... I upped to Master Collector, but I'm broke now. Can I add the codices and compendium, say, next week to my pledge? I'm very satisfied with what I'm getting for my money. Don't want to seem otherwise. The milestones are just a really fun part of kickstarter. Mac, the brothers are very careful to not overpromise so they have always erred on the slow side before announcing or posting rewards, goals or pledge levels. Missed stretch goals always risk nerd rage and negativity also as people sometimes feel like they are kind of owed those things once they are posted in a sense, so feel bad if they aren't reached. We'll be continuing the drive through the pre-sale period via becomemagi.com so there will be more goals still to come! @Mac don't forget the SoG plan to have per-order stretch rewards as well that we benefit from too. I think we've received plenty so far. Plus, I don't think anyone thought we'd hit the 175k today, much less this high :o @Mac, Heh. That was just last night. Nobody was sure we would even make it before the end! I think there is enough for us to enjoy so far..... -Ski We need something awesome in this last hour to push it over 200k I'm a little disappointed at the lack of a new goal after 175. Was that last update the last? Great job guys, keep it coming! ·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·.$190K!!!!!.·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·. @StephenS, yes it is :) An outstanding push from everyone! Off to watch Game of Thrones...be well, I look forward to playing the game with many of you soon Looking at the site, in a lot of places it says "Deluxe Sets." Does anyone know what these are? To think I was asking whether or not we'd hit 1000% funded. Going to be very interesting to see how we do against $200k!!! ONE HOUR REMAINING. BOOM BABY. $190K with an hour to go. Wow. Wheee! Next stop 200k!!!! $190k! Wild /and/ wooly! Broke 190,000. I can't believe a few days ago, I wasn't entirely sure it would hit 140,000. *tee hee* I exist in a shifting nexus of realities... it plays havoc with your appearance. @Beckies (all of you parallel dimension ones too) I don't know if its just me but your latest portrait looks like something brightly colored and seen from a microscope. Its like a spore colony made out of WIN! Prodigy Master Pyxis Cetus UF is definatley workable for a good game day...not to far of a drive at all =) Feel the power! I'm a hard core boardgamer, check out my BBG profile "Navaji" will there be a chance to add life line for life afer kickstarter? I changed my main avatar, because to become an Antagonist Speaker is to know POWER!! Wish they woulda given some stretch goals above the 175k mark haha. They probably didn't think they'd make it this high. Heh yes it's definitely a drive... but if things go as planned I'll be living in Gainsville attending UF so not to long a drive as west pan-handle XD\ Formerly known as Becky2, yeah, that's me too. You can. I asked if I could use paypal to pledge for the founder's codex post-kickstarter and got a yes. Don't know about anyone else, but I'm impressed with how the backers have smashed each stretch reward tier that has been put up. 140k? ... bah 1,234 backers scoff at such a low number @StephenR Makes sense. Zombicide is going to be my first zombie board game. It just looked to good to pass up. Lots of free extras. Prodigy Master Pyxis Cetus That would be nice, however the pan handle is a long drive...perhaps cast a teleport spell is there is one =) Zephyrus, Thanks for the friend link - I accepted it. Four currently in Australia - 3 in Sydney and Christian in ACT I jumped out of Z'cide right in the last twenty minutes - shifted that cash to this. I love Zombie games and would have stolen the figs for All things Zombie. But I knew I wouldn't game it that often nor get to paint them all which would annoy me so .... no dice. As for now or later I am hoping that the Brothers of G will post to confirm but we should be able to add to our Pledges down the track via Paypal - but still wait to hear. @Jennifer J Smith: Everything said seems to indicate that pen & paper RPGs WOULD be included. This makes especial sence since the game is marketing itself as a kind of "fit-all" system. Some players have indicated that they are specifically getting it for the RPG element. Others for the dueling. I'm sure many, myself included, will explore ST fully however we can. And, I agree with you, any electronic version most likely would NOT be included in LfL. @Becky I say a Becky2 though. That still you? And @Christian, look for Lord Wormwood and Zephyrus from the Become Magi website and add us both to the friends list :D @ Stephen Schaffer, I'm from down that way, not currently living there and more than likely my family is moving to the pan-handle in the next couple of months... But when I move back to FL I'd love to duel you! There are indeed a lot of Stephens. Which is something I haven't come across that much! @Muhammad and Stephen R. Thanks for the info. I'll probably hold onto my $10 cause I already spent $170 on Zombicide a few days ago and if I spend to much on games I won't be getting for a few months I'll probably get in trouble haha Stephen's Rock There are currently three Stephen's in my office/branch - of 29 people @Muhammad That would be me. I'm just down in Canberra. Not many Beckys. There sure are a lot of Stephens =) I live in Orlando Florida if there are any players that will be located there @SCowart The Founder's Codex isn't just a codex, its a badge of honor! A mark of power! A....something....ummm....I think? ;p I have no idea haha. Nice $189,189 @ Lawrence: I'm sure that all awards are "non transferrable". If you get LfL and you die, then your line for life dies... well... with you. Live long and play hard! @ Stephen Yes - just a reskin for the Founders I know that any computer game version will not be included in Line for Life (makes sense, since they'll probably have to contract that out), and I know that accessories that do not contain actual game content (like the compedium, and future component upgrades that might come along) are not part of it either. But does anyone know if the *RPG* will be? Not sure if the answer is here somewhere but is the Founder's Codex the same as a normal one with just a different cover on it? Boy, so cool to see both the pledge and backer totals skyrocket in the final hours! @Stephen Just added you. On the world map I see 3 in Australia, possibly all in Sydney. I wonder who the third is. whoops dropped a digit there..... Should be working now, me thinks $46 to 190,000! @Zephyrus Hit a friend request on the forum - look for Wormwood @Stephen Not that I'm aware of, Cabal-wise. But I'm in the Principium (founders only) Cabal. Will probably organize something closer to release or just before playtesting starts. The Cain is Hunter I hope whoever "The Cain" is that he or she has a cool name. =P <url>"line for life" pledges guarantee you all expansions and cards for the life of the game? That's what "forever" means? In other words, if I die tomorrow, my heirs will be getting shipments of new ST until the game goes out of production? @ Eric Thanks, you just answered my next question. Man i wish i could afford to add on the L4L. I see this game being very successful. Ideally I'd be all over the 375 pledge, but i can't devote that much money with my current financial situation. @Benjamin L4L is less a tier and more an add on. Ie if you pledged 155 now for one of the master level rewards, you could pledge 330, still selecting a masters tier. In the post KS survey you say the extra funds are ofr a L4L. This means you get a copy of every expansion/inscription case for life, when they release a new set. If the games a hit and runs for even one year, its a huge bonus. @Becky Not sure but it'll be close!! @Benjamin Line for Life is getting one of whatever expansion, case, etc that they release next for life (of the game). @Benjamin : A free copy of all expansions and a Case of Inscription Packs each time a new set is released. Forever. Think we'll hit 200k before the end? Does anyone know what the "LINE FOR LIFE UP-GRADE" is? I've already pledged 155... what would pledging 175 add? I'm just happy with the Adept step. Decent rewards. Can't wait. I'm just happy with the Adept step. Decent rewards. Can't wait. <url>"a set" on your shipping matrix? Nathan they are working out details of post-KS pledges right now, I just saw it mentioned in the global chat on becomemagi.com so hopefully a solid answer soon. It's been asked by many! @Aaron Gabrielson I would be interested in l4l after the kickstarter because in a few months I can afford to spend $175 on l4l so do you think I can I would be interested in l4l after the kickstarter too because in a few months I can afford to spend $175 on l4l You can pledge for more than one Founders Codex, but the international shipping is not included. The more you order the lower the shipping cost however. @Peter: no, just one set of rewards, it's clarified on the reward section of becomemagi.com (common point of confusion, but they can't change the text of the reward once it's written and posted) Do Master Player level backers get two sets of the exclusive Kickstarter cards? It says: "2 Complete MAGI sets with all their bonus rewards" which makes me think that Master level backers should be getting two sets of the exclusive Kickstarter cards. Can anyone who knows for sure clarify please? Will do Eric, cool. @Aaron are we able to pledge for more than one founder's Codex and any indication of that they will do to international shipping? @Jayce PM me on becomemagi with further details of what you have and what you're selling IG/Necrons wise. I might be interested in the former and might have a friend interested in the latter. Yep, $190K looks really good right now.... I would be interested in l4l after the kickstarter too because in a few months I can afford to spend $175 on l4l This is the best $$$ I've spent on a game in a long time. I didn't get this feeling last time I spent $100 in MTG. =D You can up your pledge now by $10 for the founders codex. Went ahead an upgraded to the Legacy Speaker with the Founder's Codex and the Compendium. Looking forward to it. Awesome work guys. 185k do I hear 190 Been going back and forth so days on if i I should back this or not. I'm in it for $95 now though! Getting the founder's codex and the Magi with the case of cards. To have a chance at the founders codex, since we surpassed the mark, do we need to add $10 now or will we have the chance to add the $10 later via paypal or some such? I've always dug Guard. I have a few around here somewhere. I've had Necrons since they were a half-assed WD list, haha. So I have some of the old figs and a decent army of the more recent line. Thanks for the tip on Tau, I'm a bit out of the loop lately. I'm as done with miniatures gaming as I am MMOs. Hence selling most of my armies. ; ) @Jayce the thunder of Imperial Steel is all I need foul xenos. Also I would wait on selling your Tau. They're about to get a codex update so their model value's gonna shoot up as everyone starts playing them. 'Crons are awesome after their new 'Dex. I was really thinking about playing them, because you know space zombie terminators. But I determined the guard is actually the most bad ass army in the game based on the "We're normal human flesh bags and we're still standing up to all this with nothing but cardboard and a flashlight" evidence. But yeah, tanks or cards. Can't decide T_T @ Eric & Pentad SHake off the GW shackles - life gets rosier. Look at Gruntz (15mm) or Infinity (sexy 30mm) or the up and coming Dropzone Commander (10mm) @David: I agree! Awesome game!!! This is gonna be cool!!!!!!!! @Stephen, Thanks! Power is transformative. LfL for sure ;) Eric you play Guard? Anything else? I'm dragging my heels on selling my Necrons and Tau. Don't play enough and also have a biker Marines army besides. Hello...will the solo rules and campsign which are included in the Apprentice level, be included in the higher levels as well? Gaaaaaaaah Line for Life or this: <url>"dating life" thing. Hey Becky - nice Avatar change. Oooh! A personal protege tier. I don't think there are enough Sons of Gabriel to satisfy that desire. 1200 backers and climbing... I tried to get them to create a tier for someone to come out to Utah and learn from them. ; ) They wisely decided to keep their sanctum sacrosanct. For 18k, the Sons of Gabriel would have to welcome you into their cabel, and teach you the secret ways of One who creates worlds. That, plus all of the above rewards! Plus, oh I don't know, the indentured servitude of a first born child! @ Brian G Cheers for that - I just figure that I cannot find that I cannot justify Life program right now but if there is room for slippage then you get more cash out of me. To think I am getting two sets (Master Player) only to leave one on the doorstep of an old best friend that has fallen silent (women) over the past 6 years ... this gap has happened before due to life but I know that this game will be right up his drama teacher alley. Master Rodger @Stephen I had a quick look earlier and no you don't.... yet! Also, I still can't type. ...the NOOBLIETTE! Pledge now for be forever cast into the outer darkness. @ Zephyrus Do we Australian's have a Cabal in play yet? @Stephen we are working at the policy for reward levels after KS ends for founders. Ther have ben several that have asked us the same thing. Hopefully we will have something in the next 30 min- hour. @Jayce That would be a pretty rabid backer to drop 18g's just like that. @Hunter is close though :P ...you hope @Nathan, LfL pays for itself after 2 1/3 cases of Inscription Packs... Quote from my girlfriend: "So if they have over a thousand backers, and they're at 1000% percent of their original goal, does that mean they only expected to have one backer?" MATHFAIL. To be fair, she wasn't serious. @Jennifer I'd suggest making a new account and paying the 11 dollars then. You'll get the full KS set except for the Master player card. Plus, your friend will also eventually be in the story :) Apoc -- I don't think that was originally intended but I bet you could work that out with the Sons as it wouldn't cost more or anything. Also it hasn't been mentioned in a while but eventually all Founders will be worked into the story somehow. Prodigy slots, Inscribers, Names and the Cain just get into it at launch. Some might have forgotten or not realized this. As a master player couldn't I opt for one magi set and one magi cabal set? For 6 players + 1 case of inscriptions or 2 cabal sets for 8 players? @Stephen Call me Fahim or Zephyrus please, Muhammad is what my parents use when I'm in trouble (aka all the time :p). But yeah, I'm looking forward to it! @Muhammad it will be great to meet you - with Codex in hand beside or across the battlefield. Master Rodger @ Brothers of G Seeing as I have my robe in the door as a backer can we add the Line for Life post-KS seeing as the go live date have been pushed back which in turn enables me to gather more funds to bestow upon Unspeakable and Tongue? On that same note can we slide up the backer path, if we are already on it as of now Post-KS. @Stephen: Another Sydney-sider! Woot :D correction, about 110 different sets lol I am Sydney based Australian - I don't know if that is one of five or not. We should set a central postage point if it's cheaper to ship in bulk Master Rodger ·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·.$180K!!!!!.·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·. @Nathan That largely depends on how often expansions are released and what the final RRP for a case of Inscription Packs is. I'd like to think 3 or 4 expansions should see most of your money come back to you though. Legacy Speaker is the way to go. Complete set for you. 3 sets to sell/gift, and Line for life! consider this, magic the gathering booster case for it's latest set is 100$, the value of the cases for ST are about 75, so if it makes it to two expansions then you make your money back, MtG has about 30 expansions now so you can do the math in your head lol How fast do you fellow magi think I could make back the money for line for life if I upgrade. From Adept...to Magi....to Master Collector! I'd call that a quick learning curve...lol I'd love to go higher, but disability prevents me from going that far. As it is, I'm hoping I can add the codices and conpendium at the end of the month. I share in your excitement and what looks to be a wild ride in the future. Til then, let's playtest! @Adam Thanks.. Let's see how many of us are coming from Asia ... ^_^! Just got off work... Holy #$%@! $180k! Next Goal 200K we have 3 hours. Lets goooo!!!! @Atheron Happy to help hehe. Let them come to the realization on their own time. I foresaw this event in my dreams! I love you all my fellow Magi<3 Me and my friend are both Aussies, so that makes at least 5. @Kenny If you haven't already, try looking in the forums and cabals on becomemagi.com for other players near you. You might be able to organise group shipping and lower the cost for everyone involved. Ditto ....... Wow. Just wow. 1000% funding! This junk is BANANAS!!! I meant 4 sets, my mistake. @Adam ok.. thanks.. um.. shipping cost to Asia is a little bit higher than I expected... it's ok anyway... Which begs the question, @SuperGabrielsonBros, how many Australians are backing the project? I know at least 2, but 3 people do not a community make. 200k looks possible. We need another update and a new stretch goal! @Kenny Chik I would check Q&A on becomemagi.com. I think it would count as 2 sets, if memory serves me correct. @Muhammad Fahim Abdul Latif =o Your right! I never thought of it that way, now I just need to figure out a way to lull them into my grasp without alerting their suspicions! Bauahahaha! Woo, Australia shipping rates are up too, and they look like they're within expectations. Fantastic! I assume that payment for this will only be required when they're about to ship, not immediately after the KS campaign. But hell, either way, it works for me. @Kenny Master Players would be 4 sets. Two core boxes and two boxes of inscription packs. Well 180K... holy crapola. I just found that shipping cost to Asia has been updated in the website... I wanna whether MASTER PLAYERS is calculated as 2 sets or not? @Titus I believe the 90 days would push launch til October as it was originally slated for July. Now for 200k, shall we? Damn that was fast! 1000% Titus, give a playtest version for a filler. 180k reached!!! So Octoberish instead of July. @Titus From original release date. Congrats on 175k+! My only question is 90 days from when? One of my Core Sets will be a birthday prezzie and I am wondering if it will make it on time. I'm in either way, but just curious... @Atheron Think of it not just as recruiting, but having your very own apprentices :p Then lord over them. For me this is my first trading card type of game =x so I figured it might be cool to get serious with it and become a Legacy Speaker. I think it'll be worth it in the end! I just wonder how hard it'll be to find other Magi here. Though I guess the extra Codex packs will come in handy when trying to recruit friends! Resist? Hahahahaaaaaah! You cannot resist. As Speaker Bobby Allen spoke, resistance is futile...are we at $180K yet? No? Take another look....F5!!! Congrats Sam :) Hell yeah! I knew we'd make 175k before it all ended. This is going to be one hell of a game. I can't wait to see how everything turns out. Gave in... upgraded to LS... food now of secondary importance... :D oh.. Let's go to 180k!!! On the fast track to 180k it seems @Gradius Yay to more stuff! :P Less than 3k to go! Now I just have to resist Sacred Font Plus for the next 4 hours... Hmm more Warhammer40k stuff, cards, money towards a new gun, upcoming Dallas trip... I'm losing my tiny little Irish mind over here people lol too many options @Eric N that's what I thought but I wanted to clarify... damn this is tempting @Eric, I believe L4L will add nothing in Octoberish -- its for all expansions, additions, new inscription packs. We did it! We crossed 175K!!! @Fuchs .....yes, but. You see, I am fundamentally greedy, a compulsive collector, and a hoarder. So if I cannot buy a third set as a present for Amy? . . . she is so not getting them, those two sets are mine. *hangs head* Basically, I prefer to spend money than work to correct my character flaws. (however, thank you so much for making sure I had noticed that! I really appreciate it.) LS is a great value. Easy to make back the cost with the other three sets on ebay, plus you get line for life. @Jennifer Smith I think a compendium will be an excellent tool for card storage especially given the art value of the game card we've seen so far. Especially given we're all starting off with rare cards in hand. Question on the Line for Life: if I upgrade to a Line for Life, what shows up at my doorstep in Octoberish exactly? Do I get a case of inscription packs from the "launch" set? Does anyone wanna loan me $175 if I give them 3 core sets? Ahhhhh go on then, upgrade to Magi it is :P @Jennifer LS comes with two sets of the kickstarter cards, because you're getting two of the master rewards tiers :) One of us! One of us! Gooble Gobble! *laughing* It really is impossible to beat the value of an LS. I actually added on a second one to my Speaker Legacy pledge, because I'm basically subsidizing someone else to play with me. (Only I get the founder's codex, however. Mwahahaha.) I'm unsure about the compedium...I was going to get a wood recipe card box and burn in sigils of power. I may still do that for the bulk of my cards, but get a compedium so that I can flip through and review all the cards without getting hand oil all over them. And if it turns out we can get a second set of the KS exclusive cards? I would be ALL OVER that... Congratulations Legacy Speaker Mac! :) Congratulations Legacy Speaker Mac! Just changed from Magi to Legacy Speaker. Think I heard my wallet scream, but if this game is as successful as I think it can be it feels like it was worth it. Become Power! Not an LS upgrade for me, I really can't afford that hahah. The line for life on my magi is slightly more affordable... and tempting As an LS you are getting over a 50% discount on the retail value of the materials offered. PLUS every expansion yet to come. @Lars The greaaaater goooooood. 175k. Awesome. Time to dish out more money, lol. @MFAL, Nah, its for the greater good. Hmmm....peer pressure? Hehe Get it @Eric. Join us! Think of the ranks you'll get for nothing! Think of the obscura you can trade them in for. @Ervkar, Don't resist. Heed the siren call of Power! resistance is futile. Must.... resist.... line for life upgrade @Hunter It definitely is worth it! Though now the search begins to find other Magi in our areas. xP @Eric I definitely agree. There's no reason there can't be both :) I think for playtesting a solo or a GM-less campaign would be a sweet bonus. Kind of like a 'prologue' if you will to full experience. You must succeed Hunter. I'm already invested in the Hunter Cain. So do it not just for yourself, but for all 1173+ of us. 100 Legacy Speakers achieved. LOL. :P You can practise your spells while you are doing it. Wooot! $175k stretch goal down! I will keep telling myself that while i'm in the stockroom at Staples Come on 180K!!! weeee @Hunter, But you got the ultimate prize! It is so worth it. @Magi Muhammad Latif a GM'd set of rules for doing custom campaigns is still a solid idea over all and I think what they mean by the RPG supplement but I do hope they keep producing the standard GM-less Coop and Solo campaigns @Atheron I'm applying for a second job right now so I can this stuff. But it is just so cool! Boom Shaka Laka Laka Boom. BAM! Funded! @LS Fuchs, Yeah, more Kickstarter cards would be sweet too. Since I am going to have to strong arm people I know into playing with me, all my stuff is going to be shared. :P 175K Whoop-whoop! Congrats guys! My wallet is going to hate me for upgrading to Speaker Legacy, but I swore; last night, that if the pledge made it to $174,500 I'd skip a few lunches and grab that tier to help finish it off. XD if I decide to wait on a compendium can I pay the backer price or only if I pre-pay? Woohoo, we made it! Oh, thank heavens. I am so incredibly relieved that they've posted a delay to launch -- I've got some experience on the manufacturing end, and they've added so much *product* that, content integration and expansion aside, I was really dubious about them pulling off the original schedule while maintaining quality. This is very reassuring! (Mind, it's the print-and-playtest option that's helping to soothe my impatience.) And now lets reach $180k and 1000% funded everyone!!! Make it an even 180k. Then we'll have a nice, round 1000%. Unbelievable! We did it with hours to go. We did it! With 4 hours left to go. What's next? 200k? :D I have, but only to get more of the Kickstarter cards, because I can't afford to upgrade my main order anymore :3 Has anybody pledged on different accounts? I was thinking of it, because the bigger the order, the more likely customs is to take notice of it. And there's $175k =D Way to go everyone! Less than $50 to go! 43 dollars! I also get the feeling we'll be beta testing the online features. They're supposed to be available at launch :) Just as important as the game itself IMO. That is true, I was thinking more for online tournament/competitive usage. @LIFuchs I think a GM would be great if you were doing a campaign but considering the fact that many of us (myself included) are either stuck out somewhere where the time difference means that getting anyone else online is nearly nil, having another person join in and mediate gives us even less of a chance to play. I think a way to just report sessions on the website is good enough for the time being. Eg. both players have to agree on who won. This lets us have it both ways. A mediated match, and an honor system match. @Eric As magical as can be! oh, there went a codex Look at those compendiums fly off the shelves! (well they are magic aren't they) Less than 1k to go :) I honestly believe the best way would be Roll20 with a GM spectating vs two players, and then the GM laying down the cards from a database as they play. I'll be working on testing this out once playtesting comes out and if I can get into Roll20 :) Come on $175K! I have no problem with the delay. I look forward to a game with more depth and quality. Then of course there's the opportunity for us as a community to help figure out the best way to play online, whether by skype or other means. I think by the time we have the final product in our hands, we'd have come up with our own 'Exiled Gentleman Magi's Guide to Remote / Astral Gaming' hahaha. Considering how well organized and planned things are, I'm definitely fine having to wait a bit longer for the sets to ship. I'm truly astonished guys, well done all! Although... is that a burning hole in your pocket? Or are you just pleased to see me? :P No doubt! The more time invested in perfecting the game will pay off big dividends! I am more than willing to wait! Plus, we got some playtesting to do you know. -Ski I don't mind the delay myself. Quality and other improvements aside, its not like we're going empty handed during that period. When our playtesting kits hit our inboxes, its go-time! I do hope they will also include a prototype campaign (either solo or co-op) too, or trickle in some of the release stuff from time to time until they ship the final product though, but that's really a bonus in my eyes. Another benefit I see: this gives them more time to include us founders in more of the material. People who might have been left out at launch to have their names included now have a chance at getting in there :) I'm alright with Serpent's Tongue being delayed a little bit. The extra quality will be worthwhile, and we'll have the Founder's Playtesting Kits to keep us occupied. Almost there! An updated campaign video!!! Check it out here: <url>"Can we reach 1000% funded?" XD Less than 3k till next tier, less than 8k till 1000% funded! I'm with everyone else, please take the time you need to make it the game we know you can make. As much as I would love to have it sooner to play, I can wait for all the awesome improvements I believe you can do in that time. 3.5k till goal! Take the time you need guys, we'll be here! Thanks Lars and Bobby! :-) @Nicole, No, you can do that post-campaign. @Nicole, If you visit their website they have a table. The idea is you would do that post KS via Pay pal. (Less fees on getting the money reduces costs). Do we need to add shipping to our pledges? @Lars-Christian Selland Good point! That's a pretty rare thing in Kickstarter projects, as far as I've seen. Shows how strong the community is. ^^ you know what, im lowering that master player to a magi officant I am maxed out now, but will be adding additional founders codex post campaign. oh god why am i spending so much :V prodigy speaker+master player+ 6x founders codex+2 compendium V: $3654 to go! Daniele you are allowed to add on multiples of the codex and compendium, yes. I also have two of each "ordered". upped my pledge to the maximum i can afford.. i can have 2x founder's codex and compendium, right? at the master collector level Anyone noticed that we have about 3 times the comments as backers? :D we'll make it guys. no doubt about that! \(^-^)/ Shall we try to reach 180k and 1000% funded? Only $4490 before we reach the post-campaign stretch tier! $5k to go! Yes, a +1 for making sure you keep the lines of communication open during the entire process from KS funding end, to production time. We eat that stuff up! This is the first card game that has gotten me excited in a long time! Take all the time you need to make ST fit your vision! In response to update 10. I was curious how you cram all of the updates and enhancements into the old time line. Just make sure to keep the communication overflowing. Keeps the magi calm. Plus you would have to be crazy to leave. I still cannot wait, I am so pumped for this game Yeah I gotta say that the extra 90 days will really give us some serious playtesting time. In the end we may be truly thankful for the delay if we come up with one or two ways to break the game that can be fixed before release. Allright, now I got an important question! If they delay the game for one month, I got the money for line for life pledge (I do a summer job in august :p). Are they taking pledges (on their own site) till the release date? Or shall I miss the nice oppurtunity for the line for life? +1 from me on the take the time you need to capitalize on the amazing funding! Just share your progress and estimates with us as often as you can. pffft, what's another 90 days on a human life! Take your time and I'll be patient. Maybe we'll just need to have TWO more rounds of playtesting XD Also in response to the latest video: Take your time, even if it would take more than those extra 90 days. Use as many days as you may need to make the game as you want it to be. ST has developed a big and active community that love the game concept and will continue to support it all the way.Honestly, how many other studios can say that? :) @Eric I shall stand corrected then :) @Adam, I'm pretty sure I've seen it stated that that's an option for configuring your pledge @Brian, thanks for getting us an official answer! In response to Christopher's latest update video: Of course we're still on board!! Take the extra time, make the game what it can and should be! @Adam it is a gameplay video that we released about 2 weeks ago @Bryan There is a video up on youtube (<url>"founder"? Brothers of G - awesome job you have done thus fast. Soon it will be time to let that awesomeness shine once again - even brighter...... When the Power is Unspoken!! Looks like we'll be unlocking the sweet compendiums without waiting for the Post Campaign pledges :) So excited to see the final hours of this drive. @Brian Is there a dollar amount to contribute to receive an extra set of all of the Kickstarter cards, or no? You get them all on a new account for $11, but I really don't want to make a new account...:p on becomemagi there are a few questions unanswered, especially those on shipping/customs may be worth looking, as they could be vital to a decision for a higher pledge. @All, thanks you all have done an awesome job in helping new backers out! Evenb though some of the information may not have been the easiestto find :) @Brian Nope. I think we've managed to handle anything that has come up :) Ok, I'm responding to the flood of messages as fast as I can type, any questions that have gone unaswered here in the comments section? @Adam Clark I wasn't offended and I'm sorry it came out so wrong... :'( I only meant that I actually understand (and care about) kicktraq better than my slip of the tongue would suggest. XD AIn't this all sweet people!! That $175K is looming close! The finish line is in sight and soon we will all be drinking the milk! -Ski @Adam Thanks for the responses! My curiosity is now sated ;) Keep up the good work! @Randall + Jayce It may only have been a joke hoodie, but its certainly an interesting concept. Plus, if you took out the electronics part, I actually quite liked the design of it :P @Adam, regardless, your Kicktraq is an awesome utility! It is very well appreciated. -Ski Atarun > My response was not intended to offend. I just wanted to clarify a common misconception. Your other point, I'm trying to understand what you mean. Are you saying the trend value on the project page is under the pledges on the active Kickstarter page? If that's the case, I absolutely agree. There's no reasonable way for me to keep up with the live pledge level. I'm doing my best to reduce that, and I'm excited that this week we've started doing 15-minute updates for projects! Adam Winnett > Yeah, sorry about that. Today's updates have been a little spotty while I've been tweaking the new quicker update process which caused a delay this am. You can see on the project page when the last update happened if you look under the "Current pledge level" box. The charts are updated in sync with the latest updates on the project page, but we set an expiration on the images of about an hour, so even though we're updating every 15 minutes, unless you manually refresh, you won't get an updated one for about an hour. Your best bet for the latest info is to hit the project page or manually refresh the window to force your browser to grab the new one from the site. If you're using the browser plugin, you can click on the chart to jump right to the project page. Let me know if you have any other questions, or hit me up via the contact form on the site if that's easier. I'm still thinking - if i raise my pledge now for Founder's Codices and Compendia, we would get a more awsome number right now (ok, not so much more, but still...), but on the other hand, i have slightly better conditions paying in the US via PayPal than via Visa AND the charges Paypal takes from the Gabrielsons should be only part of what amazon and KS take... Is there some fault in my thinking? That hoodie concept is awesome but it's also a TG April Fool's joke -- click to add it to your cart. ; ) Why is the Founder's Codex special (aside from exclusivity)? Construction? It's basically the Spell Codex, right? @Adam Winnett: That's an April Fool's Day joke. @Adam Winnett: Cool hoodie! Too rich for my blood though. Small trip over the ocean from UK* What I am wondering is why the shipping isn't cheaper to Scandinavia as for Norway and Denmark atleast, it's just a small trip over the ocean, and transport from Norway/Denmark to Sweden is quite cheap. We should atleast have the same shipping rate as "Europe", we are on that continent afterall. Well, the Sons of Gabriel might not be offering any t-shirts (which is good!) but I think I've found something even better for everyone here :P <url>"predicted" thing. I can prove it: look just a few comments below and you'll find I said "Yeah, all projects do. The current algorithm multiplies average daily pledge by the number of days left, so the trend is very very wrong on the last day (0 days left), especially in-between kicktraq updates. ^^ If you click on the [TT] at the very bottom of the kicktraq page, you'll get experimental charts that are way more sophisticated (though we might break them as well ;)." Which might be a little exaggerated and presumptuous, but is much more correct than using the word "predicted". ^^ Adam Winnett > The new update schedule we use is projects are updated once an hour, projects ending within 48 hours are updated every 15 minutes. We hope to push that down to 5~10 minutes within a few weeks once we get some other things wrapped up. Atarun > Not a predicted trend, a calculated trend. Trends aren't predictions :). The trend shouldn't ever be above the pledge level because it uses the pledge to calculate the linear trend. The last day it should pretty much be the same as the current level. If you want predictions, you'll have to check out the experimental charts using the [π] at the bottom of a project page. @Adam Clark and @Adam Winnett I can't speak for Gradius The Adept, of course, but my guess is he meant the current pledge level is well above the predicted trend. Which is nothing extraordinary. ^^ @Adam Clark I'm not sure what Gradius was seeing, but it all seems to be working OK now. I think the problem was that it was just taking some time to refresh to reflect current backing level and number of backers. On a similar note, out of interest how often do the graphs update with the latest figures? Everyone add the $12 now and we can get it before the campaign even ends Gradius The Adept > I don't see anything. Can you clarify so I can take a peek or hit me up on the contact form with additional details. I'd be happy to take a look at it for you. @Eric "Ervkar" Glocker Good. I leave that role to whiskey without any regret. I'd rather not have to do all those things for anyone and just be a person, instead of an object/slave, thank you very much. ^^ And now, an inspirational and amusing quote A real woman is a man's best friend. She will never stand him up and never let him down. She will reassure him when he feels insecure and comfort him after a bad day. She will inspire him to things he never thought he could do; to live without fear and forget regret. She will enable him to express his deepest emotions and give in to his most intimate desires. She will make sure he always feels as if he's the most handsome man in the room and enable him to be the most confident, sexy and invincibl... no wait... sorry. I'm thinking about whiskey, it's whiskey that does all that shit. @Gradius The Adept Yeah, all projects do. The current algorithm multiplies average daily pledge by the number of days left, so the trend is very very wrong on the last day (0 days left), especially in-between kicktraq updates. ^^ If you click on the [TT] at the very bottom of the kicktraq page, you'll get experimental charts that are way more sophisticated (though we might break them as well ;). @Gradius, That's AWESOME! XD I think we're going to hit the $175k stretch goal. The problem is: I'll be asleep when the campaign ends and we're probably going to hit the goal after I go to bed... Oh hell, I'm gonna add the $12 anyway and we'll sort it out after the campaign (probably take another Founder Codex). ^^ See that's what I said! XD I told her not to worry... But with something as awesome as this... I don't blame her for it. :) We broke Kicktraq! Hahaha! <url>"oh, it's the same address, let's save on the rewards"? Not a chance. XD Just to verify- Names of Power in Serpent's Tongue is "Keresher u mokug" I just wanted to check, she's a little worried they won't send her the extras if it's going to the same place. We're a little dorky in wanting to open our stuff together... ^_^;; This user's account has been deleted. @ Cetus, she can probably ship it wherever she wants! Too bad I don't have the money. I really want to get the Line for Life upgrade. :( @Jere Yes. Just increase your pledge by $10 for each one you want. Can I get more than one Founders Codex? One for gaming one for collecting :D @Pyxis Should be OK. If us International backers can have group shipping, I imagine its open to all! . . . awesome. 1111 backers with 11 hours to go. Codex is $10, Compendium is $12 My friend finally backed but she wants to send it to my house is that okay? The $12 listing is under the $175K Goal for the compendium that holds more cards. OK, is it $10 or $12? Because the only thing I see is $10 for the codex. Easy, just add the $12 to your total amount. A survey will be sent out for your to verify your pledge and order the compendium. -Ski @Aaron Gabrielson me too Help! I just pledged at speaker legacy level, and there was no option to add for the Compendium. I'm entirely confused... What do I do? A Legion of 100 of my fellow Legacy Speakers has assembled to support the cause! Huzzah! -Ski I think $200k is very possible. Ok...How about $180,000 I think we can make it to $200,000 before it ends.Who's with me? Upped to Magi. Someone please stop me! I keep spending more money! Upped my pledge for $12 for the Compendium... shut up and take my money! @Unisus yes you can Can we still add the Founder's Codexes after the drive? So to speak could i later on order FCs and compendia? @Christopher Son of Gabriel, just a thought, wouldn't it be considered a bit of a social faux pas to speak killing words regularly? $12 already added... I have no doubt that 175k will be reached.... Wow, over 1100 backers and climbing. Can't wait to watch the finale tonight. I added $12 for the box Founders codex is in addition to the two that come in the core set. Is the Founders codex an ADDITIONAL codex or does it REPLACE a standard codex? For Founders... Can the Compendium/Codex be purchased after the project is funded (May 14th) but before the launch of the game? I would love to purchase those extra things but my funds are pretty tight until I get paid at the end of next week. @Chris In addition *normal Are the founder's codexes in addition to the mormal ones? Or do they replace them? Ok, Aaron, I added $10 to my pledge for the Founder's codex...thanks for the info. @ Raoul Yes @ Adam 288 cards in a case as I recall I know it's been posted elsewhere before, but I can't remember where and I'm feeling a little too lazy to hunt it down, but how many cards are coming in one case of Inscription packs? It's 12 cards per pack, how many packs per box? question, does the name of power include the line for life like the speaker legacy does? Stephen, you can just up your pledge level by $10 to cover the Founders codex. @stephan, you pay now and add $10 to your pledge. There will be a survey sent out to finalize your order after the end of the campaign. I backed the project, but when do I pay the extra $10 to get the final book? Also I'm glad we can kick our cash in for the compendium later, my poor budget won't take it this month Holy fuck, 162k with 13 hours to go... I was just kidding about making the 175k stretch before it was over... Yeah, Kicktraq doesn't tend to deal with the final 24 hours very well. It also only pings the Kickstarter site once an hour or two as well, so it will always lag a bit behind here. I wish it would update its graphs though! I'm curious to see how many backers and how much funding has been gained today compared to the last few! I emailed Kicktraq to tell them ST is not updating. Interesting...Kicktraq is stuck at $154K....I think ST broke the machine! -Ski @John Bernard I go by the website's listings more than the Kickstarter's as the KS rewards descriptions are harder to change as time goes on: TWO Core Multi-player Set – including the 40+ hour cooperative campaign ‘Out of Eden’ (4 Players) 8 Inscription Packs $80k Stretch Reward Achieved! 5 Unique kickstarter specializations & 6 unique artifact only available to our KS Backers! Sacred Sites expansion which incorporates area control into standard ST battles Your name worked into FUTURE source materials or campaign adventures, prioritized over Adept backers. Listed as a Magi Cabal in our Founder’s List in published and web materials All Rewards Include Domestic Shipping! International shipping is forthcoming 160K! That is amazing! Great job guys! Damn it! I go to bed, come back 12 hours later and its all kicked off! And I missed out on all the excitement :( Awesome update though! Medallion Necklace for founders only? I'd like to see that! New stretch reward idea for $175,001: Serpent's Tongue phone protector/cases. Yeah! Indeed, the bag is a sweet reward. Question though: so does that mean that my wife and I will have to draw lots for the single bag we'll be getting for our combined Legacy Speaker pledge? The update says one per backer, so I'm presuming yes. To the ST team, THANK you for the bag! Way classier than a T-shirt. I'll hit up one of my students with mad sewing ability and see if I can put a strap on it to strut down the byways of Japan. Just sprung for two Founder's Codices. Considering upping for Inscription packs. Does Magi Cabal get all the extras like Sacred Sites on so on? Says so on the ST website, but not here. A little confused by the discrepancy. Upgraded to Magi with Founder's Codex & The Compendium! Looks like I'm not buying anything for that other card game for a month or so... ;) I put in for the card holder and the new codex. I cannot wait to get my cabal pack. My friends and I are anxiously awaiting this game! Pretty excited to see the compendium as a stretch reward. Was there any mention of that second gameplay video? @Brian: I have a book recommend for you. I haven't read it, so I hope it's every bit as good as it sounds. :) I found it while trolling through the Kicking It Forward website. The author is kickstarting the 3rd book in the Veneficus Americana series, so I immediately jumped on board and pledged, then went to Amazon and ordered the first book in the series titled "The Native Star" (2010 Nebula award runner-up for Best Novel). One reviewer described it as a "spell-punk western". Sounds like it might be right up your alley. Here is the Kickstarter page for the 3rd novel (The Warlock's Curse): <url>"Lone Magi" set contains (1) Walk-through Tutorial and (1) Solo Campaign Adventure do they same to (1) Quick Start Tutorial & Solo Challenge in Multi-player core set? congrats! Wow that was very fast MUWAHAHAHAHAHAHA Feel like I just did a frakking PT test XD Let me clear my throat. *ahem Yup :) she did it. So whoever got it please introduce yourself with some maniacal laughter. @Pyxis Cetus You are Cain? Still two names of power I could have taken it but I could not afford it. YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D And the adrenaline is crazy pumping through me! :D @Christian, yep really enjoy his stuff same with Joe Abercrombie. Damn that was fast. Up and taken like that! Cain is up. go go go House of Leaves....a great book. His sister is the singer Poe. Her hit song has him speaking in it. Another connection to the book. @Hunter sounds great, its hard to find a truely unique book out there, this looks like a great exprience. Thanks Got one, I hope. @Becky, Because of how the gathering and releasing of power occurs, I'll have no idea when the actual new Magi levels will be awakened. One down. names of power are up. Aw. A fan of Rothfuss? And I was just about to suggest The Name of the Wind. House of Leaves by the American author Mark Z. Danielewski. An amazing reading experience. It is almost interactive book, there are passages written upside down, riddles hidden through letters in the book, and footnotes that reference other footnotes. It is very unique! Big fan of Gaiman, Stephenson, Herbet, Stover, Rothfuss The Names are up! I guess it means it is out of his controll when the update appears. @Brian, does that mean it's going to be a while and we can stop F5ing so feverishly? Hey how'd you like Caine's Law? I want to read those books, Matt Stover is one of my favorite authors. What kind of books do you like? *tee hee* Alright while we wait for the update. I'm always looking for a new book, just finishing up "Caine's Law" (just a coincidence) by Matt Stover. Anyone got any recommendations? Not as if I'll have time to read it but I like to pretend :) hey becky you are using another instance of your self! well done! you also qualify! A secret CAIN aspirant... the most deadly kind. that does prove evil qualifications- hes a candidate! Gasp, they're on to me! That's his ultimate plan! Distract others and win the race! Tremors hitting my left hand from hitting F5 so much.....ahhhh.... xD and distracting others @ Hunter, Thank you, for adding the might of the Magi known as Arnold to the cause. <url>"Popular This Week" main section under 'Discover'. Cool! I'm just enjoying the slow $10 increases. Ahhh! The release! :D See I told you we can break kickstarter. But who know what the timestream is like in their alternate realities? f5 f5 f5.... OOOOOH Sometimes the process to gather the power needed in order to awaken new Magi levels can be time consuming. The process has been started, now we just wait for the release. A tool of the Technomagi, that's all. <url>"...slots opened at Midnight (MST) tonight" They wouldn't troll us, would they? @MB John, *tee hee* That would be proper antagonist behavior! how tedious- refresh scroll, refresh scroll, repeat... thats kckstarter on the tablet for ya! Maybe they meant midnight pacific. You know that we break kickstarter with our constant F5s Just so long as they aren't disguised ping-pong balls, Becky. Yeah I know, I have work in the morning, lol. Lol. Marshmallows anyone? I hope soon, I don't wanna be here all night again! There may be some sweet spots opening up soon! Yeah i would love to move up to speaker antagonist or prodigy from my speaker legacy. I hope whoever gets it comes forward. If I get the Cain I will get a second job to pay for it I would LOVE to be Cain, but I need my car. :P I am probably too slow to get any of them, but I am gonna be here anyway. Are you going to try for one Hunter? The new pledge slots are supposed to be here any minute Anyway, 3 new NoP coming up... maybe you'll snag one of those! IM me on the Becoming Magi Site if you want it. No worries, Terence. John, just be careful, lots of people refreshing. Its not a problem. I will go back my original speaker legacy. Or maybe try for Cain. @John: That's very kind of you, but I wouldn't want to have anyone else loose out on their great rewards. Thank you for the offer, though. Easily forgiven, Terence. We all have fits of pique from time to time, I suppose it comes from excess magical energy build-up in the glands. Now go cast a quantum incantation and it'll be like it never happened. ; ) Speaker Legecy is always a nice choice. That's where I was going to go if I hadn't lucked into Speaker Antagonist. er magi-hood its all good under the mage hood! @Terence, If you want a name of power, I will give mine up to you. @Terence, No worries. I seem to recall that when I missed out on the first round of NoP after F5 camping for 2 days, I got a rather cranky too. Thanks for the aplogies. :) I hope my past and future selves hanlded/handle situations like this better. Yes, I was on the waiting list. Yes, whoever grabbed it faster than me got it fair and square. Yes, I was reacting like a jerk. I'm just so excited about this project, emotions got the better of me. I've repledged at $1 while I figure out where to go from here. Definitely plan on supporting the game more financially and in other ways. My apologies to everyone for my outburst. Lol. Right. Must remember they are human after all. I've been picturing them as taller than mortals and with magic power crackling from their fingertips. Sure, Becky, but despite their angelic blood the Sons are still mostly-human. ; ) Hah, and I continue posting under the influence of sleep deprivation. Has=Have in my previous comment. Anyhow, don't mean to offend or upset anyone, I'll be off to bed shortly to recover. : ) However, the Sons of Gabriel know how fast things go around here, especially with all of us waiting in anticipation of the NoP and Cain action. If that was the case, now wasn't the best of times to plan such a switch. I think it is unfortunate that multiple Magi turn on a member of the community for expressing frustration without finding out more information, however negative the comment may has come off. I certainly don't think we should be telling anyone to hit the bricks so early in the communities' development. The limited levels are limited in several cases because they give rewards that are finite. PMaster gets a card named, so the Sons can't fairly just add more behind the scenes. It seems to me like they were trying to xfer him in and the timing didn't work. I don't see any reason to make something up that looks clearly like a heat of the moment comment. Hopefully Chris and Terence figure something out. Hello? Is that the Krusty Krab? Love the bag they are giving us. Very nice touch. Can't wait to play! Yeah, I'm not buying it. They didn't increase the number of Prodigy Master slots, and if you'd been in touch with them directly then they'd be able to pencil you in without running the (arguable) risk of using Kickstarter. Still, it's your money and your choice. If not having your way is a good enough reason for you to pull your backing, then I wish you happiness in the rest of your life. Away from here. Guys, you can easily see that an 11th Prodigy Master slot wasn't created, so he clearly wasn't getting something extra or that others didn't get access to. Mostly likely someone was trying to trade off their slot for some reason and he was next on the waitlist the the Sons mentioned trying to accommodate people with, but KS doesn't really facilitate that despite best intentions. On a lighter note, that number is growing faster than I've ever seen. I think it is a bit more complicated than that unless I miss my guess. Let's not put down Terence for being frustrated, either. : ) Hopefully something can be worked out. Sorry, Terence, that it didn't work out properly. @terence: and advertising it afterwards... No offense, but what makes you so special that you get something a thousand other devoted backers don't get access to? Seems fishy to me... Well, I guess I'm not. Better go cancel my pledge. @terence: why even bother with trying to open up a spot at that pledge level with so many people watching this like hawks? Why not just pledge the value you'd need to be at that level, and make arrangements with the Gabrielsons to acknowledge that you'll be treated as prodigy? Seems like a much less dramatic and super way to handle this... Passive-aggressive behavior like that is beneath the gentleman magi. I went ahead and added the $12 for the compendium to increase the odds of that succeeding. Really looking forward to this game. Thanks to whoever grabbed that Prodigy Master slot that open up for a few seconds that Christopher Gabrielson especially arranged for me to be able to get. Way to ruin my year. McCloud...yar noooo match for the McCAIN! There can be only one!!!! too bad im currently lean on my evil money:( That Cain tier looks A-MAZE-ING!!! *_* ..... I'd have to back out of a couple pledges so I could pay for MetroCon in June but..... Mmmm.... :) The nerd-gasm that would bring on if I did.... Hehehehe! @PS Pentad, Beware... Not everyone in the light is good... ;) @John Idlor, I'm getting 4 compendiums and 2 founders codices. Tempted to add 2 more codices, just in case my first 2 get a little dog eared in the heat of the many battles to come. @Becky, Name of Power is as high I will go. I am just trying to figure out the number of codexes and compendiums to add. Along with maybe more cards. @PS Jayce, LOL. Indeed. Precise timing can turn out to be a rather fluid construct sometimes! Hmm. The Update does say to pledge /now/ for the Founder codex. Was I wrong about being able to add them post-campaign? Compendium certainly can be added afterwards since we might not achieve it beforehand. Could just mean feel free to pledge for it now. Trifle unsure. I'm pledged in for now though. Jayce makes a good point, the way things are going we might be most of the way to the Compendium before the campaign ends lol @Becky They only said "after" midnight hahaha... They could troll us and make it 4am. Note: I do not believe this to be true. ....well I hope someone gets it.... someone who lets a prodigy slot at oh say the magi level go. *returns to his overwatch position* @John Idlor, The Sons of Gabriel have given us fair warning and precise timing on this one, so I think the candidates will be many. But the winners will be few. Blink and you will miss it. Under $30k to the Compendium... ;) no matter, we will still do what we always do... To try and take over the world! How many people do you think will be fighting over the 3 name of power slots and the Cain slot. They will be gone in seconds. @Becky Spoken like a true Speaker Antagonist! You are acclimating well. I think I will be remaining a mere greedy Prodigy Speaker and Name of Power. Unless someone vacates an Inscriber slot too... @PS Jayce, but that's just perfect, isn't it. The Ultimate Antagonist must not only want it all, but also have the power, the means and the drive to get it all. No holds barred. Well, I plan on storing the vast majority of my cards in a recipe card box. The incantations lined up for different specialists will be arranged.t in the compendium. It will be my go-to for premade codex card sets. At least that is how I envision it6 So one compendium will do for the time being..... -Ski @Jayce - thanks. Doesn't each case of inscription packs have some 288 cards? So at Legacy level, if I go for 2 core sets and 6 inscription cases, I'm goiing to need 3 Compendiums at the outset. Probably 4, if I don't want to double up my cards and I want to allow for line for life expansions and inscriptions packs. In for 4! Yes, Gareth, there will be a Paypal option post-KS. Am I still right in thinking that we can add Founder codices / compendiums post funding? Line for life has taking on my spare funding cash for this month. Too many shiny things to be had, arghgh. i like the cain idea btw. nice touch I thought we SA's were THE cain.. Iguess there is always someone more evil than you think you are. have to look somewhere for inspiration, right? XD KHAAA- Aw shoot PS Jayce beat me to it. He'd make a good Cain I think. In for 2 Compendiums! Yes Allen, and in the post-KS survey you will be able to specify! So excited! Keep up the good work! Just to clarify, to get the awesome Founder's Codex, we just add $10 on top of our existing pledge yes? So, I had pledged $85, I can just easily revise it to $95 and you'd be able to track it? Yeah, all the preps, all the spells prepared, all the focus - over in a flash. BOOM! And there can only be one winner. looks like i am in for another 12, the Compendium seems like a necessity to me. @Gunnar Seriously awesome! Is it like an entire expansion focused on the one Magi? Even I am drooling over the Cain. *whistles* damn... the /cain/ I think it is within the realm of the conceivable that $175k could be hit by the close of the campaign. Longshot but I've seen crazy stuff on KS. Becky, more likely a movie-Western quick draw gunfight. Robert yes that would give you one Founder Codex and one Compendium in addition to whatever you are already getting. I sense a battle of epic proportions. How much extra $$ is needed to pick up the stretch awards? $22? Tricky! Bother. I have the highest level individually-geared pledge reward and one of the rarest in addition, soon I will have neither... Unless... I'm greedy, see. I know one person who assuredly will. Super Mega Update indeed! The Cain tier is crazy wonderful wild sick. Anyone here going to go for it and become THE ULTIMATE! @Riftweaver, I bet the new NoPs don't last more than a few seconds. Anyone here going to try for the Name of Power? Too rich for my blood but they went in under a minute last time. Post campaign awards tiers. So awesome. Bag of Shadows = awesome!... Swag! I love the bag! -Ski @Roy - I sure hope so because I put in for 4! It doesn't say anything about a limit though. KHAAAAAIIIIINNNN! ohgod, THE CAIN Can we get two of the Founders Codices? Sweet! Free stuff is always cool! Is it a Bag of Holding perhaps? Because that would be even awsomer! Simply Red, standing by Red October standing by. quick! head for those star destroyers! KS rounds hours down, so the 24 hour mark is actually at 12:44am! It is a trap, we cannot fight an update of that magnitude!! Ugh, the suspense is killing me. I thought for sure that the update would hit right at the 24 hour mark! Lock s-foils in attack position. Red 2 standing by Wow! We're almost about to beat Dwimmermount for # of backers. That awesome Kickstarter ended successfully with 1023 backers! My only regret is that I have but one bank account to drain for my Magi. ^_^ The Sons of Gabriel Present: MEGAUPDATE! It's funny I think I want to see the update as bad if not more than all of you, we each added our own part to it, but I cant wait to see everything. This is going to be a great update! @Justin, You're correct the Magi level gets the core set and a case of inscription packs Backed and signed up on the website. I'm glad I came across this, the production values look amazing, and the game design itself, and the future vision for the game, are very intriguing. Red 3 standing by. Tier 7 was $95k meaning enough sets ordered to get bulk discount, allowing them to set out free sets for review and/or demo at game centers and with reviewers in the US. What is tier 7? Hey guys just making sure I understand the Magi level. It is basically the same as the Adept (Promo cards, etc) but with a box of inscription cards. Correct? I'm seriously considering upping my pledge to that level. Red 5 standing by. Thanks for the update, Gunnar! I think you may have a few people standing by to see what comes next. @Kyle: correct, that should be fine! Pledge $170, pick magi, and clarify that the extra is for another magi set when the end of campaign survey is sent out! Thanks for the answers, so if I pledge for two magi levels though, there shouldn't be a problem I assume? i.e. two sets of kickstarter cards, 2 lapel pins We are all working as quickly as we can to bring you the next amazing update. :) Edit: didn't mean to imply that Aaron promised an update at the 24 hour mark, only that he said one is being worked on. @Riftweaver Yes, I'm hoping for the promised update (Aaron said they're working on one) at the 24 hour mark. I hope all these backers sign up on becomemagi.com as well...(hint hnt!)... Anyone think we will see an update tonight? I'd love to see them open up a new pledge level or two and maybe something cool at $150k. Really like the idea of a messenger bag to carry everything in. @Eric @Kyle: specifically, only speaker levels and higher get multiple sets of rewards, at least that's what has been officially started as of last time I checked. The master player description is a point of much confusion, but they can't change the description now to clarify. But it's much more clear under the rewards section of the website. I have to admit that I didn't think we would hit $140k during the drive when they first announced the $120k and $140k tiers. Glad to be proven wrong. Also, nice to see that we're beyond 1k backers and still progressing on that front as well. @Kyle Simons, yes you get one lapel pin and one set of KS exclusives unless otherwise stated in the award description. About the Master Players level, is it true that you only get one set of KS exclusive set? It doesn't make sense to me but it'll mean the difference between pledging two Magi levels instead if that's the case so as to get 2 lapel pins as well. Any status update on the update lol? Yep, $150K is definitely on the horizon! -Ski @Chris B: Agreed! Will we see the play testing PDFs when the kickstarter campaign is over? Shipping to NZ and Australia would be great to post before this moves into the last 24 hrs as this KS ends at 2pm Monday afternoon for us - more than enough time to generate interest. Master Rodger Would really love to see an app for card tracker, cabal tracker and a geotagging nexus point locator. That would be a worthy stretch goal Master Rodger Lets go for 180k! Hmmmmmm... With still a full DAY to go, maybe the Sons of Gabriel should whip up a $150'000 Stretch Goal just to see if we can get there? It would have to be now within a couple of hours, but I think a last stretch goal might just drag us over 150k^^ I want us to get to 151k so I have an excuse to go buy a bottle of celebration rum I know I read this in the q&a on site but want to confirm...we can order the founder codex post is right? This is great! 1k backers and $140k!! Upped my pledge for 2 founder codices. A huge round of applause to Ryncewind Bee for being the 1000th backer! And another huge round of applause for what is rapidly turning into an awesome community to be part of! :D @Andemaker Great point...the Magi's Nexus at launch is as big a deal to me as the great new Codices will be! Can't wait to see that site up and running. NICE! 1'000+ backers and $140'000+ in the pot! Fancy spellbooks and Nexus for all! Sweet! 140k. Cool ass codex here I come!... The Second Son of Gabriel speaks true, this is definitely something new. I disagree about mass market success however, when you create something daring, new and innovative and pour years of love and awesome into it, that's a magic spell for kicking some ass in stores if ever I heard one. Hell you have 1002 ready and slightly fanatical players (not counting group pledges) before the game even makes it's first publishing run! 140k! que everyone adding 10 bucks for the founders codex. @Son of Gabriel, That was an awesome response. I see where you and your team are coming from and I think it is top notch. I will make no more of it. Bring it on! -Ski All that said, I hope every gamer out there sees it as THEIR game, however they want to define it is fine with me. It's difficult to categorize it, and those are the kinds of games that most appeal to me. Not different just for the sake of it, but different because it brings something new and exciting to gaming. @Aaron Gabrielson: We're here. We keep throwing stuff at the ST team and we're all looking forward to see what you have in store--ah, and it looks like we just hit both 1000 backers and our stretch. I'll go throw in my extra $10, and then go to the park with my kids. Have fun, all! "We aren't trying to find mass market success. We are trying to create the most incredible, emotionally satisfying, gaming experience of someone's life. It is not for everyone. If we were going for mass market, we would have made a derivative of whatever is popular now, like Dominion, or 7 Wonders." Music to my ears (eyes?). .·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·.$140K!!!!!.·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·. Does anyone know whether the Founder's Codices will also be signed by Chris? It is fun to see people try to categorize Serpent's Tongue. Something like this Has. Never. Been. Done. Before. So, there is no direct comparison to anything else. 5 years from now, someone will probably say "that game is like Serpent's Tongue". But for now, it isn't like anything. It is unique. We aren't trying to find mass market success. We are trying to create the most incredible, emotionally satisfying, gaming experience of someone's life. It is not for everyone. If we were going for mass market, we would have made a derivative of whatever is popular now, like Dominion, or 7 Wonders. So, Legacy Speaker Teamski, I hear your concern. Don't fret. If we build it, they will come. Once someone sees a team of mages working together, casting incantations in this bad ass language, using these beautiful cards, they will want to go to there. :-) Aaron Gabrielson Son of Gabriel 2 Outstanding! What's next? ;P We are the champions! Epic WIN! We need 150k stretch tier eh? Woop! (sigh of relief) Okay whats the next target? :) Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 140k! @Legacy Speaker Techgnostik, IMHO, One MODE of ST is very much a CCG game. It is revolutionary in HOW it does it. The RPG mode it provides should be considered a distinctly separate mode of play. The game has to be broken down cleanly into its MODES of play for people to understand what the game is all about. We all agree that there is special going on here and we all want to be part of it. Serpent's Tongue is an extremely rich and deep gaming experience that many of those playing M:TG would not understand or care. It is those people that you want to attract by the game play that ST provides, not the RPG element that resides throughout the game system. I knew we could do it! Hell yes! We hit 1k backers and $140k almost at the same time. So nice to see them both up there on the board! Tier 9 achieved!!! @Ski I understand where you're coming from, but in my mind it just doesn't serve ST well to shoehorn it into an M:TG mold, because it's really not much like it. M:TG was a revolutionary game in its time, it set a new mold, and it wouldn't have done any good to try and describe it in comparison with any other kind of game since it was clearly a unique tihng. And to me, ST is far more revolutionary than MT:G and its equally a bad idea to try and relate them. Sweet! And less than $500 to go! @awakeneddragon: I couldn't agree with you more. =D Wow... A thousand backers. And still averaging about $139 per backer, impressive. 1000 backers!! @Longbeach: An interesting comparison, but we're saying different things. As a longtime M:tG player, what happened to that game is that cards BECAME junk due to the direction that M:tG went. It was painful to live through Fallen Empires, and the machine that it is now are VERY different. M:tG just doesn't produce junk cards anymore, and the "various styles of play" are really just that--variations. ST is going to go into completely different genres. While these are thematically related, their execution is not. For example, in a solo game, I imagine that we'll see more "encounter" type cards (I believe there was one example of this posted somehere), but we just will NOT see this card in duels, for examples (we MIGHT, and I find the idea exciting, but the rules that are posted at the ST sight don't cover all of the play styles, don't have examples, etc--not yet, anyway!). As I say, we'll see. Having done CCGs since that rage started, I'm very concious of HOW the cards work. ST really is honestly a REVOLUTIONARY game, and I want it to succeed. We'll see when it's in our hands. @Legacy SpeakerTechngnostik, If you want ST to be a niche game, then sure, go ahead and describe it a quasi RPG CCG with a touch of LARP in it. It will stay a niche game with a small group of highly dedicated followers. If that is what the Sons of Gabriel want, great, no problem. My response to Aaron was my opinion that if you attempt to do too much, you will lose a lot of possible mainstream attention the game deserves on the merits of its component parts. This is due to gamers unable to pin down just what the game is. -Ski @awakeneddragon, I don't think the card situation will be any different than M:TG. The non-combat incantations would most likely only come from RPG expansions and not in the inscription packs. With the use of specialists in the game, I think there will be a far more flexible use of available incantations than the cards you get in a typical release in M:TG. In other words, fewer garbage cards. Just my opinion. 4 backers until 1K! People played MtG many different ways - even tournaments had many different ways. And many cards were great for the big crew 8 player game types and those same cards were worthless in the one on one tournaments since speed was #1 in that format. Same might be with ST. Lots of different ways to play and to be honest tournaments might be impossible with all the spell casting nearby if this gets too popular anyway. Enjoy it year by year like MtG was enjoyed as it and it's fanbase evolved What I can't wait to hear more about is this whole "dissambly" of card components and reassembling for use in the RPG mode along with non-combat incantations. I'm probably not typing all that right but it sounds neat! Well put @awakenddragon, well put. ST has many exciting posibilities, and its attraction for me is that it seems to be very different from every game I've ever played. It's focus on language is unique. All the various playstyles it supports is very ambitious, but at the same time ST realy does look malleable enough to fit into the CCG slot, the RPG slot, etc. My biggest concern is in the card distribution because I imagine that there MUST be cards that you CANNOT use so universally. That is to say, that if you play straight battles that there are cards that you simply don't use, which cuts down options. Ditto if you do RPGs. It just seems odd that every card WOULD be usable in all modes of play--great if it does, but hard to imagine. Regardless, the potential of ST to fit both individual styles of play and different modes of play is exciting--after all, with language at the core, switching modes for the player should be easy. I won't compare ST to anything until I play it. Right now it's simply: COOL. And in response to Aaron's post below, Magi Ski had the following to say. Which, sorry to be so blunt friend, I couldn't disagree with more, for many reasons (not least of which is comparing ST to M:TG...it's not even comparable): I hope that ST DOES define itself once it gets out of the gate. It is hard to describe a game like this without showing the game itself to my buddies. I get the deer in the headlights look. For the game to succeed, it needs to ground itself in what the market knows, not what the designers hope it will become. I am not saying that the game should not open-ended, but it needs to be systematic, consistent and definable. I think comparing it to M:TG is a healthy way to describe the game. I just say that it is M:TG on steriods.... I really enjoyed this post over at BGG by Aaron. It confirms many of the great vibes I have about this game: I am glad that Serpent's Tongue has been hard to classify. It is supposed to be a genre defying game. It is hard to compare it to MTG I think. It has CCG elements, blended with an RPG, and LARP all at the same time. Only some parts of it resemble MTG. Serpent's Tongue is really more of a game system, an open platform that can be used in many ways. The dev team is still not really sure what will end up capturing the most attention and imagination of the players. It might be PvP, but I kind of think it will be coop play, Team vs. Environment or Team Vs. Team. The game is designed for players to specialize, so they will need to work together as a group to accomplish their goals. When the digital playtesting sets are released I think it will help everyone understand it better. I am looking forward to seeing if players find new ways to use the game that we haven't thought of. As for Alpha cards, you better believe I am going to be setting a few sets aside. I think 10 years from now I will be glad I did. :-) Totally added 20$ for the Founders codices to go with my Core set. Having a couple extra ones with autographs can't hurt at all. I'm also all about it getting autographed. The Gabrielsons came up with a fantastic game idea, I'll be proud to have them sign their craft! 10 more backers til we hit 1k? Stupendous! Looking good, people! A bare 2k to go and 33 more backers for an even number XP I'm so glad that game play video is back up. Promptly posted it on my Facebook wall. :D Hmm, it's looking good for $140k and 1,000 backers by the end of the KS. I hope they're working on something as we're likely to smash through this with time to spare. 990 backers abd $137,587 pledged right now - impressive. 29 hours to go Master Rodger Pretty exciting Teamski! The ten dollars equals the production costs and shipping combined. Shipping wouldn't be an issue if it was just replacing your core set codices. It's true that it's an unofficial answer but it's really just parsing the stretch announcement. Ten backers to 1K. This is looking better all of the time.... -Ski The consensus so far (and not officially that I've read) is that it gives an additional codex. Does upgrading to founder's codex mean we no longer get the original codex? Gameplay video up on youtube, and boardgamegeek. Wouldn't mind trying to get some community growth on BGG, so here's the link: <url>#9154860 13 more backers until we reach 1000 +$ for codex I second that, Steven, me and Diablo have a date with destiny! Now I have something to look forward to after I've cleansed the mortal realm of foul demons. The fantastic thing about the ending date and when shipping starts is that on Tuesday the gates of Hell open for me..." so I shouldn't see the world for about three months! Diablo 3 is my nanny. Master Rodger Don't panic! The minor dip in pledge is just me putting my pledge back to $85 + $10 for my Founder Codex. I boosted it earlier today but after doing some math on all my pledges it was going to put me over $500 for Kickstarter in the last month or so! O.O This puts me back below $500 and a more manageable repayment schedule to myself. :) Just added my ten extra dollars for the founder's codex :D can't wait to get a hold of that thing. Just upgraded from Adept to Magi and added my extra $10 for the Founders Codex. I cannot wait to get my hands on this game. Magi Mattei -- get back to work! ;) You can add it now (or wait until we hit $140k) and then specify in the post-KS survey what the extra funds are for. high fives~. ( ^0^)/\(^0^ ) nice work so far everyone~. Regarding the Founders Codex, my understanding is that you pay $10 per Founders Codex in ADDITION to what you are already getting it in your core sets. For example, if you were to get a core set, that includes only two codices, and you pay $20, then you would get the two codices, +2 extra founders codices. That's my understanding. My only real question is when do you actually pay for them? Wow, triple post. That's special. Sorry gang! : ) $3418 to go and 20 more backers to go to $140k and 1k! $3418 to go and 20 more backers to go to $140k and 1k! $3418 to go and 20 more backers to go to $140k and 1k! I cant believe we will actually make it to the last tier. Yeeees. Hi fives all around :D Line for Life is all future expansions or sets and does not include a case of the initial inscription packs beyond what you get with your base pledge, to the best of my understanding. It is my understanding that the Founder codex for $10 is in addition to any other Codexes you are slated to receive as part of your base pledge, actually. Hence their mention that shipping is included in the $10 cost. @Chris, There have been no announcements about the specifics of planned sets other than the RPG element. You have to think that there is MUCH more to be done with the world of ST. The founder codex is $10 per codex. As far as I know, these will replace the existing ones in the core sets. Hi sorry if this has already been asked. How many expansion sets have already been planned for at this time? Just curious about the 175 option. Also when? we get to 140000 do we need to add 10 dollars to get the improved codex? Would that be 10? per core set. Life line includes 1st set? If these are already answered some where please post a link for me thanks So close! If it keeps up at this rate, I think $150K may be a distinct possibility.... Cool! -Ski So, uh, I haven't even left yet and we got another $2k. At this rate before I even start the hike I'll be able to check from my phone and we'll be there! SO EXCITING! And very much looking forward to the update, thank you for working so hard Gabrielsons!!! *all of the brothers Woohoo! Thanks Aaron and ask of the brothers. Yes, update is being worked on right now. Brothers G: Is there any plan for another official update to go out, say at the 24 hour mark, to drum up more support? So, I'm going out on a hike to Feature Show Falls. When I come back, I expect us to be over $140k! =D @Jennifer, I think that building a strong core of kickstarter players, with the means to demonstrate the game to the masses will override the relatively small number of LINE FOR LIFE members out there. For the game to survive and thrive, it will need a lot more than 976+ backers it has right now. Everything is a gamble these days..... -Ski @Eric Yeah, that's one of the things I really love about this Kickstarter. To tell you the truth, I am really hoping they have good financial advice, because I'm looking at all this 'line for life' stuff and scared they're going to run themselves out of business. (Not that this is preventing me from pledging Speaker Legacy, because I own my hypocrisy, but). But the way they are pouring all funds and support into enriching the game itself, and opening it to all backers, is just wonderful. But still, why oh why did I talk myself out of the OGRE swag? its so hard adding that 175 but then I realize a case of magic the gathering boosters are around 100 so it dooesn't feel bad then. It looks like it has the support to make it to at least 3 expansions and that easily makes your money back @Jennifer, unlike OGRE and many other projects I don't think there's any gotcha's here. Almost everything is Initiate or higher so almost any pledge gets any bonuses. The only extra special thing I believe kicks in at Master and above (one more exclusive card). The Line of Live on Speaker used to be another special tier to consider, but you can now get that by adding 175 to any existing tier. Thank you all for the welcome invitations! Just like ya'll, any challengers who come to face me will be served with delectable cakes and delicious fru fru drinks served from my bar. (or a near beer if you see me in the sandbox lol) I'd like to agree with Raoul on my personal preference. I'd probably want one signed and keep that one in prime condition. after all, I plan to add a Founder's Codex or few I can use to offset that one signed one or to add onto the amount of Codexes I have. I am not alone! :P Hopefully we will be able to request 'no signature' codex. And now to review all of the pledge levels AGAIN. I am pretty sure I've pledged as high as I need to go, but I'm so mad at myself for not raising to $150 on OGRE that I'm being obsessive on triple-reviewing all my still in progress pledges... @JD Hunter: I second Raoul Hagenbeek's suggestion. If you do come by my area I'll make sure that you leave at least 10 lbs. heavier. :D @Tech: agreed, special treatment is what we're all about :P I'd like one codex signed maybe, but not all of them, the signed one would be a display iterm, not somthing to play with. I mean, I know myself, I probably get coffeestains on my play codex on the first use... it'll be my own personal touch ;-) I like the signature because it ads a personal touch for Founders. And to me, being a KS backer is all about the personal touch. I'm half n' half on the whole signature thing. I have many a rpg signed as well as several signed pieces of artwork. While the signatures are a nice touch, they also don't detract from the item due to their size and placement. I'm all for a signature as long as it doesn't look out of place in where it's signed. Creating such a unique codex then signing all over the outside of it would not be what I'd personally want. I'm sure the Sons of Gabriel have considered this though. @Teamski Maybe they should consider signing the box instead of the codex then, seeing as the whole set could be considered something of a work of art :D I think it is great to have the codices signed. It shows the extra mile that the producers will take to make sure their baby is something special. I compare signing the codices to an artist signing 2000+ prints of his or her latest painting. This work of art is no different. -Ski Actually i don't really need my codex signed - but as an international backer i don't have this problem, as i instead get a lower shipping rate *smile* Maybe the BG can ask in the KS-survey if people who could get a signed codey really want it signed. I gotta agree on the signatures, one signed Codex for collector purposes would be nice though There can be only ONE!!!!! There can be only ONE!!!!! @JD, so you're just gonna give me all your will essence and resonance chips... that's a simple win for me then ^_^ But I look forward to your visit, I'll even throw in a free dinner and the oppurtunity to spent the night. to aid you on saving on your world tour. Let's see what you can do. @International Magi - I should have Asian/Oceania details in the next couple hours. Its a slow process just converting the rates - dealing with HKD , and local currency for customs, import duties, ect,(where applicable) and then USD. It looks like rates are pretty good, even with some import duties. @Eric & @Jennifer I feel sorry for codex's #2500-3000 they will be so tired writing their names on them it's just going to look like a squiggle anyway lol. The desert is no problem, in fact I'll be in Iraq or Afghanistan when I get all this stuff ^_^ My first tour I brought magic the gathering decks with me, my second was D&D, third was both, and now my fourth tour will be ST lol @LSRH lol bring it! My spells will crush you under the weight of a million poker chips. And should you so happen to bare it all... you shall get your soul stealing photographical proof of triumph @JD... so I could get a photograph of you handing your pin over to me ;-) @Jennifer, I'm generally in agreement with you. I understand it adds to the value of a collectors item (though I think we're talking about ~3K codices right now), but thematically it doesn't seem right. It's also a nice "personal" touch, but I don't know if I want to subject him to having to sign that many! @JD Well, if you come out to the desert wilderness you will probably defeat me (I'm in this because I adore the fundamental concept and want to drool over the execution like burning, but I'm HORRIBLE at games, truly horrible) but you can't draw a smiley face in my codex! :P I'm considering asking that none of my codex be signed, I just wanted to get some thoughts from the people who want the signatures, since I'm honestly not getting it. @MMAL To accomplish great things, you gotta be willing to go great distances. I'm more worried about having a codex that can defeat them all more than I am worried about the travel requirements ^_^ @JD Hunter: Be ready to earn a lot of frequent flyer miles for that accomplishment. Especially from Magi that are in the far-flung areas and the "mobile" magi @Jennifer But..but.... my signature has a little smiley face in it.... who doesn't want a happy face on their codex :( lol Since we are getting multiple codexes depending on which package you get, you could request only one of them signed. (for collectors, the signed one holds alot more value, but if you are in it to play it like me, then those things are lost on us lol) When this really takes off, I want to go on a founder tour and defeat all of the original KS backers. That would be a great accomplishment ^_^ be like the Dojo destroyer you see in a lot of those kung fu flicks, each founder I defeat I take their pin. (not really I would probably get a picture of them handing it over to me before I left lol) Especially if we hit 1000 backers. So, I'm hoping to get some other people's opinions to help me mull over my thoughts on something. Am I really the only person out of 966 who doesn't really WANT their codex signed? I mean, I'll admit I've never really seen the point of having things autographed, so I'm missing that fundamental level of appreciation for it -- but in this case it seems especially strange to me. Why is having the person inscription of another magi in you codex a GOOD thing??? Thematically, it just seems broken to me! @Adam Winnett: I've been absolutely amazed how "nice" the Japanese are with my game imports. Living in Japan, when I buy games, I BUY games, LOTS of them. It's every holiday rolled into a massive order (so pledging as I have isn't REALLY all that much of a stretch)--and while the delivery guys groan under the load, I DON'T get charged a thing! It's really nice. Recently, Amazon has really opened up their International Sales department: Now, DVDs, CDs and boardgames are winging their way to my door--and not only do their shipping rates kick butt, but customs doesn't bother those shipments either. (And it's rather nice to place smaller game orders). I definitely feel for anyone dealing with international shipping. I really feel lucky that I've been able to continue getting games! And, with that, I'm off to bed. Have fun, folks! I'm more worried about the customs and taxes on those of us with the higher pledges. Adept level or below marked up as 'gift' is fairly believable. I'm Legacy Speaker, so unless I happen to have nice customs officials, they might wonder why such a large package with an obviously higher value is marked as 'gift'. This would also apply to group shipping too... @awakeneddragon: I really hope they come here in the Philippines as gifts. No import duties would go a long way. @Eric Nielsen: Indeed, this is one of the stickier issues with Kickstarter... Even if you are running a KS campaign as "pre-sales" they technically are NOT. We pledge; we get gifts. The fact that money is involved and product is involved doesn't make a difference. I could donate $1000 and get a single sticker, and it would get the same "gift" label that an entire case of bricks. My biggest concern is that ANYthing the comes into Japan from China gets the hairy eyeball: There WILL be a shipping delay (This from my experiences with ebay) as the package is inspected. If anything coming into Japan from China is marked as "retail goods" or the like, there WILL be an import duty. On the flip side, the reshipping service I use has been working with Japan for a long time. In the years that I've used them I've had a total of one shipment stopped (the first one, about 1 day) and only one shipment charged import duties (the first one, for about $10), and since then, nothing--mostly because I mentioned it to the reshipping service and they said that they would "have words" with the appropriate agencies. I haven't heard anything about how its valued/marked for customs. Summoning "Sons of Gabriel" @Eric Nielsen: If you've got the ear of that Asia shipping line, and the packages are marked "gift", then there should NOT be an import duty when it comes into Japan. That being the case, then I'll definitely be comparing prices between whatever ST comes up with and my reshipper. Thank you for passing on the update! @ Karl Zata: You're in the PI? Well, shoot, we're in compatable timezones! Look me up when ST get's their online gaming up. Let's kick each other's butt and then go hunting for the rest of the world. You, me, and Kenny Chik! @ LS Techgnostik: I work in a suit, but I LIVE in my jeans and T-shirts. But the only logo on me is Hanes, Uni Qlo, and (when I run back to the US) Fruit of the Loom--and only if it's tagless. I don't like the feel of patterns on t-shirts. They either feel like a massive glue patch, or a Brillo pad. That said, if ST does do T-shirts down the line for the logo-sporting crowd, more power to them--something for everyone! Anyone want my Zombicide T-shirt? @ Nathan: What PS Jayce Pentad said (^_-) I believe it was originally he who revolved around that particular exchange, and I'm glad he could field it. @Eric Yeah, I'm with both of you on that...just saying, I like t-shirts. But I wouldn't trade a t-shirt for any of the great things the Brothers G have been focusing on for ST! @ Eric that would be great if they push through with that plan! Now all I have to worry about is customs. They can actually be worth two to three times more than the actual package cost in the Philippines @Techgnostik I'm with+awakeneddragon and +Apocryphal Lore, I've been really impressed that the brothers have kept their focus on items/elements that really improve the game. Look at how much effort they've been putting into getting the shipping costs low and known, unlike other games. Yes, t-shirts are nice, and yes its largely a solved problem (pick some artwork, pick a vendor) but knowing the brother's commitment to quality it would probably still take a fair bit of research. I wouldn't want to distract them from the current projects and communicating with us, in order to get a t-shirt option. That said,a t-shirt would be a cool "extra" to be able to add a few funds to get. @Eric Thanks! And it does make me quite a bit happier! :D Not listed on that page are figures for Asia yet, but I thought I saw a comment that they will be able to ship direct from Hong Kong which should help keep prices reasonable. @awakeneddragon You no like t-shirts? It's a staple of my fashionable wardrobe...I'm a t-shirt maven. It's one thing I wish ST had in my reward tier. @Adam updated rates: <url>"profit." They are reinvesting everything into the product, which to me, translates as giving the money right back to the consumer as product value... I just wanted to say how impressed and how appreciative I am! I just went over the tiers and does #5 mean someone who backs the $11 reward gets an extra signed codex @ Greg Krywusha: That's sacrifice for the cause! That's a lot of ST at Magi level. Enjoy! @JYee it's funny that dice tower questions whether ST is a board game and wonders if it's more of an RPG. I was considering writing a review request for GameGeeks host Kurt Wiegel but realized that he's strictly RPGs and hasn't reviewed anything so boardgame-like. I guess ST really blends the lines though doesn't it? Plus, there aren't really any 'card' reviewers because there just aren't enough different CCG/LCGs released, you can only say 'this expansion really adds to the gameplay' so many times. But even as I write that statement, it disappoints me; ST is something so much more. I suppose we will have to wait for when the review kits go out and see how people react, I'm sure it will be resoundingly positive. Just upped from Adept to Magi. I'll continue to do so after the KS, but disability will only allow me to allocate a small amount of funds per month. Now onto eating Ramen noodles for a week! LOL Let's go $140K1 Nice to see us break $130k, and we're well on the way to 1,000 backers too! @Legacy Speaker Thomas Thanks...... Let's wait for new update video to see if there's any new reward after the codex... ^_^ @awakeneddragon oh.. I am very grateful that I have found a friend that have the same timezone.. ^o^ I look forward to the online system too... (I will arm with my exclusive codex...) @ Kenny Chik: You're welcome. As we're in similar time zones, when the online system gets up and running, I'll look for you. Let's tear it up (armed with our nifty codices, of course)! @Kenny, I'm pretty sure that's anybody that's backing the project that gets a codex. So, anybody, from initiates on up. But, somebody official should confirm that. @Rebecca, I think you can do that after the campaign is over as that reward tier will be including preorders if need be. But, again, somebody official should confirm that. @awakeneddragon oh.. thanks for your info.. Obviously I will up my pledge for the EXCLUSIVE CODEX no matter anything!!!!! @ Rebecca Kozma: You do not have to pledge the $10 now. If/When (!) we reach that stretch it just guarantees that the special codex will be available. You can pay for it after KS is over. @ Kenny Chik: If you pledge $3, you're a Founder! I'm sure ST welcomes every pledge that comes their way and is very serious about "all time & eternity" and all that entails (we lucky people that found ST). If you're game to play and see ST grow in your area, then definitely increase your pledge! (^_-)v If we hit the 140k do I have to pledge the 10 Dollars right away to get the founders codex or will that be available to upgrade to after the kickstarter campaign? I'd love the codex but I've bills to pay XD um... I want to ask start from which reward tier is "Founder"? Since 140k should be reached... there's no reason I don't upper my pledge to become one of the Founder.. ^_^ @ Thomas James Egan: Way to be. Great attitude! There dang it. You made me up my pledge to Master Player's level and added $10 to get my Founder's Codex for myself as well. (No the other players don't get one I'm the teacher after all. ;)) @Christopher, any chance you can release shipping estimates to Australia (Melbourne)? It very much determines how much I'm going to pledge. If shipping is $70 or something, that's something I'd like to know before time runs out. Woo $10k to go! I hope we can get 1K backers! :) So remember back when this got started I mentioned talking to the Dice Tower guys and only Eric responded? Well I was a little annoyed and posted in their public forum about it and here's the official response. (Edited down to KS and ST only stuff) ---------------------- I don't want to miss news, I watch all the other news sites, and I pretty much publish EVERY news story that a publisher sends me. So if a publisher sends me a press release, I put it up. Now, as to Kickstarter stuff, I knew that this would be a problem. In fact, I called Andy and we talked about it in great detail. Some news sites (Purple Pawn in particular) have become Kickstarter only, and that's not fair to the huge percentage of the board game industry that's not. Also, I didn't want to flood the site with every update on every kickstarter story. I mean, is it really news every time a kickstarter campaign breaks a record, because it's not THAT interesting. So this is what we decided. Any company that would send me a press release about their Kickstarter campaign would get a news story - ONE. We would only do additional news stories on those same games when they are released or if something incredibly news-worthy happens (and who decides that? me.) Because let's be honest. As cool as Kickstarter is, it's still a small percentage of the board game industry. It's not fair to Fantasy Flight, Rio Grande, Mayfair, and hundreds of other publishers if I put up 50%+ Kickstarter stories, and crowd out their stuff. If you see a good story that you think we are missing, email me directly at <email>, and I'll get it up. Of course I'll use my discretion, but I want to get up as much news as possible. You are going to see some big changes in June, I can promise that. On a personal note, is Serpent's Tongue even really a board game? It's something that I have zero interest in, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't post something about it. It looks like an RPG more than a board game, I think. ----------------- So Press Releases eh? That's all it takes? For future reference gang we should send out press releases with all our KS projects we back. :) Riftweaver - that is correct. I have a Master Player pledge but I am only aim for two of the four upgrades - cash is cash, plus I feel that if this does take off I have a Master ranked book for each team in a group battle. Master Rodger Help me figure this out, I'm a bit confused as to what I'll be receiving. I'm a Legacy Speaker and it says I can choose between 2 Master Player or 2 Master Collector sets. I want more Inscription cases so I will choose Collector which would be a total of 2 Cores and 6 Inscription cases, right? And if I am reading this right each Core comes with two codices, yes? Which means I actually would want to up my pledge to get 4 Founder's Codices I think. We now have 940 backers, we could very well hit 1k. 130k!! New Cabal for the Magi of Northern California. <url>"deconstruction" doesn't become too complicated. It certainly sounds complicated but that doesn't mean it will be. I've got so many questions about the rpg I feel I may explode. If there's any way you could give an information dump on the subject, even just a general summary of the current ideas you have for the system, it would go a long way to convincing some of my friends to get involved and maybe even pledge. It would also give me some peace of mind and possibly make me up my pledge to get extra copies for friends. Sorry for fixating on the rpg so much but as it stands my game center probably won't carry Serpent's Tongue(aside from the free copy), at least not initially. Unfortunately the most popular cry for card games in my area are games like pokemon and cardfight vanguard. Because of this, the most common modes of play for my group will be the rpg and coop campaigns(none of them like competitive games). I'll send this as a message too just in case it gets missed. thumbs up for Puerto Rico. Im working on spreading the word in Puerto Rico right now. Working with my brother back in PR to contact the comic/boardgame shops. 48 hours! So excited to see the wild ride we'll have here :) Yep, I think $140K is gonna happen.... Yes! My incantation (ok, actually, just a comment post) worked...a new backer! Yeah, these comments are really booking. I started off reading ALL of the comments, but abandoned that about a week ago when I woke up to see that they'd moved almost 200 while I slept. (Results not typical, I sleep during the day and wake up at night.) @Matthew - Chris, Brian, and Aaron generally field those in large batches, sitting down and answering a couple hundred questions at a time. How fast do questions sent via messages usually get answered? I only ask because I asked some questions over 2 hours ago and I wanted to know if I should just wait till tomorrow. 130k that is Grrr... looks like we're not going to make my own personal mini goal for us with 30k before the 48 hour mark @Christopher as far as moderation goes, you might look to those of us that are already moderating and or administrating groups. But, I definitely wouldn't recommend making it automatic as any Tom, Dick and Harry can start their own Cabal. @ Gunnar Gabrielson: I certainly feel your pain, and I think I can safely speak for everyone here to say that we ARE with you. You've all done wonders over there, and I'm looking forward to seeing everything humming. I think Gunnar and others below have it correct...these comments move way to fast to even attempt to answer them all. And trying to find them in this mess? Yeah... The QA on the site is just what the project needed. @ LS Techgnostik: Please be specific. If you're referring to the constant international call for shipping, then I can feel for those folks (Though, I already have a personal solution, that I shared). I'm glad that the ST team HAS spent so much time and effort to track that info down, even if it really didn't have much to do with me. If any of THOSE people do hop on, however, I'm confident that one of us will jump in to assure them that solutions have been found. @ PS Jayce Pentad: Indeed, we should keep discussion alive and thriving. I tip my fiery snout to you, sir. @ Becky: You NAILED it. Encouraging comments and answering them here is for the benefit of all, but mostly for the benefit of those just coming in to sound off. Their excitement should be rewarded, not forwarded. @Christopher, we'll definitely need more moderators. Right now it doesn't seem to be a problem, but as things grow it would be better to have moderators too soon than waiting until things get out of hand and getting too many. Someone, anyone, everyone, pledge! Just lamenting that the numbers haven't moved for what, an hour or more? But the 48 hour email will be going out in less than an hour, so hopefully that will start some movement again. :) Also if your interested in Asian rates, we have someone who will ship directly from Hong Kong to you. I will get rates up as up as soon as possible. Yeah I'll drag myself over there more after the campaign. : ) Been hanging out in global chat more to get my toes wet. The Brazilian rates will hopefully come down, but the rest of the rates are official. Whew made it with 50 hours left to go. Yep, instead of just making one flat rate for shipping, I'm getting the best rates from each region. Responsive and interactive, like I said! :) Yes, that feature will make many of us happy! @gunnar, thanks I know that will make a lot of people very happy :) I am going to setup the Q&A so that questions are not "checked off" as answered until they receive an official response from a member of the development team. That should help matters. Cool Eric and Gunnar -- see, productive discussion! Awesomeness. Looks like you won't have to wait post Kickstarter for that stretch goal to be achieved though. Fingers crossed 8) Keep in mind that the 140k goal can still be reached POST Kickstarter campaign. We will be continuing to take donations/preorders on the website for awhile and these figures will count toward the 140k and subsequent stretch goals as well. @Eric, Right, sometimes people will only accept an answer directly from the source. Also to others below... that's not to say don't ask questions here... please do, but as these comments move extremely quickly, and we can't monitor them every second there are going to be a fair few that get past us. Also keep in mind there are really only 4 of us answering questions, and we get literally HUNDREDS of questions a day. Which is why as much as possible we'd like to direct people to the Q&A on becomemagi.com. :) Thanks everyone! @LS Thomas, However, casual users of Kickstarter will NEVER make their way over to the website. They just want to buy a few cards or a game and be done with it. Those casual users do have the expectation that project questions will be answered here, or through direct messages, like they are on other Kickstarter projects. And, so far as I have seen, their questions are being addressed, either directly by the brothers, or from other more senior pledgers. That's a great Idea Eric. @Eric +1 for this! @PS Jayce.... I have been wondering if we should start tagging questions with "Sons of Gabriel" if they have been answered by us, but still need an authorative answer Well, I do like the FAQ but it is a little wiki-ish so answers by anyone not involved with the project might be considered unreliable by some. It's also off-KS which requires more effort of potential backers to hunt down and poke through it. It will become an increasingly valuable resource over time for certain but it's not like dragon is waaay offbase or anything here. I know I want to gulp down information about ST and sometimes it feels like we are drinking through a straw instead, but I understand why that is and that's okay with me for now. Constructive complaints are valuable as long as we maintain productive discussion, otherwise we risk scaring off potential backers and/or fractioning the community, neither of which do any of us want! That's why I maintain my positive demeanor best I can. : ) Honestly, I'm with Gunnar on this. The FAQ section exists and works quite well. Asking questions here just makes things disorganized and hard to follow. As the sons of Gabriel would then have to create an entry in the FAQ and answer it there. And cross post it over here as well. Many questions we can ourselves link an answer from there, but only if it's answered there first. Otherwise it gets to be incredibly confusing and messy. I see this all the time in fora where there's a lot of enthusiastic people and the problem is that encouraging people to post in the wrong place just makes things a hassle for everybody involved and pretty much ensures that questions get missed or otherwise go unanswered. Answering a question here 4 pages later because that's how long it took to get an answer doesn't really help anybody. Plus it makes them look far less responsive than they really are. Is anyone ELSE feeling a little WORN OUT about some of the nit-picky complainypants comments HERE and over at BGG? Just SAYIN'... It is 7:30pm MST which unfortunately means the update is running late! Is it 7pm MST yet? Sorry, I'm not in the US and I'm hoping to hear the official announcement on shipping before I go offline for the next 12 hours :P I'm always happy to answer any question to which I know the answer! : ) Especially now that I'm home from work. And with that rallying cry, I'm off to work. Gotta pay for my pledge! But we are distracting from the issue: If we get a question here, it would be nice to see it answered here. For folks that HAVE been here awhile, like PS Jayce Pentad (calling ya out, bro), throw in the answer--if ya got it. If we're going to be gentlemen and ladies, that means reaching out with a helping hand. I'm all about the Kumbaya countdown towards stretch goals, but let's HELP! (^_^)v @awakenddragon: But it has been answered. When they reach $140k, the Founder's Codex WILL go forward. You are not required or requested to lay down your $10 beforehand. I am only doing it because I have faith that we will get there. What is ambiguous about that? @PS Jayce: Right. I forgot the part where our Hasten Update spell ddn't work. @ PS Jayce Pentad: No, I call it like I see it. It IS sad when questions of any kind are not answered (I am a teacher and my mission in LIFE is to answer questions). I do NOT state that the ST creators ARE rude, so please do not misrepresent my words by a selective hit and miss. I do indeed launch a creative barb by comparing FINDING info to wandering a nighmarish pit, though. As for my comments regarding throwing down $10 for something "maybe" as opposed to something "definitely", I think I sufficiently explained that so don't really feel I should go at it again. The Q&A on the website is really as good as you guys make it. If you are asking your questions THERE then it builds upon itself, and we can easily see which questions have been answered and which haven't. As far as how "pretty" it is, I feel I am at a loss... How would you improve it? I'm welcome to constructive feedback. :) @ Gunnar Gabrielson: I'm VERY impressed with the website. But, let's go over there right now and run a search on a question that was asked here within the last 24 hours: What is the MSRP of a single insription pack. *typing "MSRP"* OK, we get a very good question there, "What is the MSRP of the various versions of the game?" LOOKS quite promising. Pop in and... *sigh* we get the MSRP for ony ONE component of the game. I'm not saying that the faq NEEDS instant updates, but the fact is that the KS ST comments IS a great place for instant answers to occur, BE repeated, and then at some point BE entered into the faq (which, really isn't so pretty--mostly because it really is being built up quite quickly). It's alright; it is a matter of perception and some of us tolerate disorganization more than others. Anything on KS is in a formative stage, some are more cohesive than others at this stage. I think the Sons of Gabriel are frankly scrambling a little to keep up with a maybe unexpected level of success with which I empathize. So I get where dragon is coming from -- I admit I was getting very tired and frustrated Tuesday and Wednesday nights refreshing all evening for a chance at new tiers! Haha. ::nudges Becky and Hunter and...:: I agree, I've spoken to and interacted with several of the Brother's Gabrielson and they are way more directly responsive then two of the other three projects I've personally backed. The brothers are far more responsive and interactive than I've seen on MANY other projects I've backed. Like PS Jayce, I've not seen many questions go unanswered. The only questions I've seen go unaswered are those to which it has been repeatedly stated that there is not yet an answer. Honestly, anybody that's expecting to have their questions answered here is being a tad unrealistic. Every post moves the answer further down the page, and it doesn't take long for it to disappear. The FAQ is friendly and inviting and most importantly, easy to keep track of. I agree that it doesn't look good, but people are terribly impatient these days and the devs do have better things to do than answer the same questions over and over again on a page where the answers disappear regularly to page 2. Putting the information on a FAQ page is quite reasonable as it ensures that they don't have to waste time re-answering the same questions over and over and gives us a chance to keep track of the answers. For others the address to that is : <url>"sad," that the creators are "rude" and that the ST is "hell". : ) I know you have been calling for them to state definitively that they are making the Founder Codexes but why would they do that before the tier is reached? Maybe I misunderstand? @Awakeneddragon - That is why we setup the Q&A System on the website, which is categorized and searchable. Hah, you are right, finding info about Serpent's Tongue is an alternate reality Serpent's Tongue game. Most of the really detailed stuff I have found out about has come from secondhand sources. "I asked them and this is what they said" kind of things. I think a major part of this is because they are still tweaking the designs and changing up how they want things to run in the end. Even info like how many cards are in an inscription pack doesn't seem to be completely nailed down yet. So, if a question gets answered here in the comments, perfect! If you get a private question answered, then be awesome and post it in the comments! @ Hunter Warburton: Actually, I'd kind of like to see questions answered HERE if they are asked HERE, or whereever they are asked. What I've noticed happening is that a question gets asked here (even repeatedly), and it is NOT answered here. This may be because the question IS answered on a different page, or in the pledge levels, or in the faq, or SOMEwhere. But here the question sits, unanswered. And that's really kind of sad, if not outright rude. The purpose of these comments is to GET immediate answers. Let's say we get a new pledger, excited, and they post a question. I've seen their question NOT answered. I've seen their question answered with a "well, that's been answered"--but NO link is given. Heck, I've started answering questions on best guesses because I HAVE been to the horror of the official faq and come out with a few answers. And the sad fact is that too much information is in too many different places. It's sort of like that ST-promised worldwide game of "find the clue". While that might be fun for prizes and glory, it is NOT for info. I think ST looks pretty, but it's hell on organized info right now. Mmmm! Can't wait to see the serious dueling video. More spell casting and less giggling! :P I wish it involved flowing robes and FX. Count me in for a Founder's Codex... It's looking pretty certain so long as we keep up the momentum =). @ Christopher Gabrielson: Sure, I have questions (^_^): What's the breakdown of card types in the initial release of cards? BTW, just updated for my codices, I'm sure they'll be lovely. @ Eric Nielsen: They have indeed said that--but they HAVEN'T said that they WILL make the codex. THAT'S what we're saying (^_-)v It may become a moot point within the next day or two anyway. Just noticed we've made almost 10k in half a day! If this keeps up we'll make it to the 140k tier!! @ Mad Captive - Just call them Muggles and ignore them @A Nemeth, it wasn't really my idea, I think Jayce posted it last night. But for all those that are planning on getting one or two anyways, upping for it now would push us most of the way there. I think the game center question was asked elsewhere and I believe the answer was to contact them with a direct message either from here or their website. @Matthew To make sure your question doesn't get lost in the comments use the "send message" link up underneath the title of this page. That way they can answer your question directly! Actually I did want to know a couple things. First, does a game center have to get in contact with you to recieve a free copy? I wanna make sure that my local shop gets one. Also, I don't know if this is answerable yet but will the upcoming rpg supplement use the cards in it or will it be a separate game in the same universe? I wanted to know since my friends and I would probably be more interested if they knew that all the cards they were getting would be usable in rpg campaigns. @Jan, er pledge now and explain on the post campaign survey.... Just in case I was ambiguous @Jan wait til the survey So, I know it's probably asked before, but if I add another 10$ for an extra codex, will they know at the end of the campaign, or should I just wait till the post-campaign survey? I really like the look of the founders codex. Two days ago I didn't think we would make it, but now I am convinced we will surpass 140k. I am going to go change my pledge amount to include 10 codices. I hope everyone else will add at least 1. Woooo hoooooooo! I emailed a local Game Center today, hopefully they get on board. just added for founder's codex- great idea LS thomas! I just did the math, and it is indeed true that if everybody adds $20 for two extra founders' codices that we'll be there. And at the rate people are joining up, we could probably halve that and still be there before we run out of time. We're already closing in on 130k and we have 6 hours till the 48 hour marker, let's keep the street team work up people! That Founder's Dex is in the bag Kinda hoping they have something cool to announce for a 165K stretch at this point :P We haven't even reached the 48 hour "remind me" point. Acceleration is almost a given. I will be VERY surprised if we don't shoot past it in very short order. 1000 backers, here we come. Well, we've now gained more backers today than yesterday :) Well they have said they'd count post KS pre-orders towards that goal. and I agree with PS Jayve, at the current pace (which I expect will accelerate!) we'd hit it in 20 hours Personally, I just like throwing money at them. @ Hunter Warburton: Indeed, ST just has to say, "We're doing it, whether we reach that level or not." I honestly don't even mind if the tome doesn't happen until a year from now and it ships with the next expansion because they're going to reall pimp it out. But they just have to say those magic words. I'd expect us to hit that tomorrow at the current pace. :) Well after a little browsing, if we don't get the satchel I did find a couple alternatives: <url>"Ervkar" Glocker (6 hrs ago): I can definitely see jumping in and hiding these promos throughout Japan. Then I can run over to the official site and post up some special hide and seeks. Only $14,205 left WOOT! Past 125K and above 900 backers! Only 15k more till we get that beauty of a Codex! I got some questions... 1) Is anyone going to Gencon? It would be cool to actually play away from home with other Magi and maybe introduce this game to others in a group. 2) If my friends and I are playing ST at our gate in the airport, pronouncing dramatic unfamiliar language and throwing hand symbols, will they let us on the plane? Maybe we should co-design a stealth mode to play in public without causing unrest in the non-Magic mundane population. 900 Backers? Wow! And the website is back for me too. 900 backers! 1 backer to 900 Oh noooo! Now I got the Internal Server Error as well. Casting a Summoning Incantation for the Elder Gawds of IT. It's a ritual so someone is going to need to sacrifice a d20 or something. Yeah, I _just_ started getting 500s from the ST website. It was working for me after you guys were experiencing problems, so it wasn't a strict, immediate outage. But it's probably from all this information black market trading, holy crap I've sunk a lot of time into this O_O;;; It's back. Website will be back up in a minute or two :P @Officiant Zeiger, I was trying not to panic, but yeah! I like to think that with all the joint backers, we are closer to 1000 backers^^ Anyone else getting an "Internal Server Error" at BecomeMagi.com? @mark taraba I assume you meant 90 in the -apprentice- set? @JD Hunter, Great Codex. I'd love to find it for sale, or may even have to make mine own. I envision a few weeks checking junk piles at swap meets and then lots of brass spray paint in my future. Ah I see now. You get 4 packs of inscriptions with Adept. Awesome! Wow only 5 away from 900 backers and we broke $125k! Core is 180 including the 4 inscription packs that go with it (at least at ADEPT) -Ski <url># per person or based on ur pledge level? I would certainly pay more for a special Founders satchel. @JD Hunter That codex looks sick! I really like that design, I'd totally chip in for that sucker. Though just looking at it, I bet it's expensive. @Magitaur If your already at Officiant, just grab two core and one case, then tack on an extra $45 for adept which is another core set. You'll have a case and thee core sets that way. Or if you feel like a bit extra, then two core and one case from Officiant and tack on $85 for the magi level and get a core set + a case + more KS promos. Preemptively upped my pledge for 6 of those codices. We're bound to hit the 140k now or later. I'm sure this has been answered before, but does anyone know what a "playset" for a card would be considered to be? i.e in mtg a playset is 4 copies of 1 card because the max is 4 in your deck Cloth Satchel sounds great. Leather Scholar's Briefcase/Satchel with embossed or punched in Serpent's Tongue Symbol with key...divine. Anyone know how the import tax and such would work for these (UK here)? Especially as the amount paid isn't really applicable for what we would be sent (Line for life part of speaker legacy or added seperately for example)... Thanks. @JD Hunter, A lot of people were behind the idea of a cloth satchel to carry everything in. I am a big supporter of this idea rather than another book. -Ski No need to be so offensive after I make a light hearted comment. We are supposed to be a community of gentleman and lady Magi here, friend. Even though Jason was harsh retaliation is an ill choice. Either way let us continue toward $140k and beyond! Man, this thing is movin'! $140K is looking better and better! -Ski Almost to 900 backers! They'll send out a survey after the KS ends and you can specify any additional levels you are requesting or add ons like the Codexes. @sammo After the campaign finishes, a questionairre will be sent out to all backers and you should be able to specify in that what the extra $20 is meant for. @Nathan We know you are excited, we all are, but please try not to spam so much in the comments. as opposed to a codex, I wonder if there's a fatter book that we could get that would hold your dice, tokens, ready and focus stones, into one tomb instead of an extra crown royal bag that I plan on getting for it lol. This game does have alot of stuff to bring with it after all OK, so I added $20 so I'd get 2 of the founder's codexes. Originally I was at $85 but now I'm at $105. Will they automatically know I did that or do I need to do anything else? Wonder how the alternate one will work? Separate $10 charge? I am very happily surprised. I had not though this game would get this level of support. Bodes very well IMO. Cut Nathan slack. He's excited. Still, less is more Nathan. :) @Prodigy Speaker Jayce Pentad and @Jason Tompkins Im just saying how much more we gain and I dont mean just one person should pledge that much because most people wouldnt.so fuck off Magitaur you need three core sets for six players in order to have all the non-card items required for each player. You might be able to get by with adding $20 for two extra Codexes in the form of Founder Codexes (assuming we hit $140k which is highly likely) but you might need to use stand ins for some chips and tokens or run short on some of the coremost cards. I may as well add in my 20 for my codexes. If i collect enough artifacts I need to find some steampunk themed book cover. Something Like this - <url>"Founder" card that we just earned. If I was a store I'd keep one for myself, pass one out for any staffer that was playing and then give the remaining out to the first couple people who buy sets because they're you're local "founders" I'm hoping an official update is going to be sent out soon considering that we hit the $120k stretch, a new gameplay video was in the works yesterday according to Christopher, and we're now in the last 60 hours of the KS drive! What do you say Brother's G? We'd all love to see the Master and Founders special cards too! KS exclusive cards as tournament prizes and incentives to store customers is a fantastic idea. I actually was viewing them as rewards for backers now and their inclusion in the sacred and internal fonts as incentives for multiple people to pledge together at these high levels. We can all agree they they are AWEsome. Have they revealed that Master level exclusive card yet? @awakeneddragon My take on the 10 sets of specializations was that you weren't handing them out as sets. These are the elite high end, high speed, low drag bad ass cards that are the only truly exclusive cards in the game right? Sure you hand one or two out as perks, maybe two of the KSE cards to the first 10 customers, keep a "store set" that you display, and then use the rest for tournament and contest prizes. Even as the game continues to evolve and new sets are released the KSE cards are going to be rare and they are going to kick ass so it makes sense to me thinking as a small business owner "This will get people in the store for tournaments and playing competitions" If the Gabrielsons are too far away to do search for power or whatever you could potentially use them in an ARG you set up, that kinda thing @awakeneddragon I did a search and couldn't find a reshipping service for Korea on google or even a Korean search engine (naver)! Maybe something about shipping to Korea is particularly troublesome, I had hope for Bundlebox but they apparently ship everywhere except Korea...maybe that says something right there. I don't think most games that have any random factor in card acquisition also provide the option to buy "core sets" that give you a complete set. You should think of a Core Set here as a two player Starter Set with all the accessories to play. I wouldn't get hung up on terminology but what a Core Set is has been relatively clear since the beginning I thought. @awakenedD, that's a neat idea. And maybe applied to eternal. 60 hours to go, Ladies and Gentlemagi, I believe we are going to hit $140K. Keep up the good work promoting the game we have grown to love. I'm excited to see how high we can reach! And that does it for me. Time for me to sleep. "Good afternoon, good evening and good night." 60 hours to hit $140k We can do it! :D @EA Crux, tMC: The upper-most levels do seem to be missing a bit of flexibility. If, however, ST does add the ability to: 1) add inscription packs/cases (seems to be a demand for this) and 2) give backers the ability to add "swag-only" packs (doubtful), then that might give those of us that percieve some oddity a chance to "even things out." The easiest thing might just be for ST to have a new SACRED FONT pledge level (Let's call it SACRED FONT BALANCE), that is basically SACRED FONT PLUS, except that the pledge looks more like the SPEAKER LEGACY pledge: Whereby the SFB gets a total of 30 choices of core sets or inscription cases, AND 15 sets of swag. That way they could make their 15x15x15 (or, in my case, a 14, 16, 15), or whatever. I was just pleased that ST released SF PLUS; It makes more sense than straight SF. I agree with Jayce. The higher tiers of backing aren't intended for individuals, hence the 'Game Centre level' in the tier rewards. As a game centre, 10 sets would provide enough KS cards for the store owner to keep a set, maybe give a set to some staff, and use the core sets to run demo games and as initial stock. I suppose you could have a group of 15 friends who could all go together to pledge at these levels, but I think the Sons of Gabrielson have deliberately tried to stop this by only including the 10 sets of rewards. .·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·.$120K!!!!!.·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·. I agree with PS Jayce. I don't think they intend for them to be directly correlated. The exclusive are meant to be rewards, prizes, collectors items, etc. @LS Raoul Hagenbeek: I think we're hitting an ambiguity here. "Core sets" in any other game might mean, "every card in the game", but in the case of ST, it does not. It means only the 140 cards included in the, well, Core Multi-player Sets. There are over 300 cards in the first wave of cards. So we don't have a "complete set." I remember early on talk about pledge levels that gave people EVERY card, but none of the current pledges do, that I can tell. If that IS the intent of these newer pledge levels, then ST really dropped the ball on terminology. I know that when I first signed on to ST that I really disliked the CCG aspect and voted for an Entire Set pledge. I certainly intend to share the game. I figure that I'll "zero out" 4 core sets as demo (and perhaps even sealed, small tournament) sets and then have the others around for sale or give away. Well you are looking at it differently than I am it sounds like. If I were a store I might have a couple of demo sets and open inscription packs for singles then just sell the rest as my initial retail stock, using the ten exclusive sets as various incentives and prizes. They are 120 total cards, so you could do a random one with each purchase for the first X sales, use a couple sets as tourney prizes, give one to someone for coordinating events for you, whatever. Directly correlating them with the core sets and inscriptions is more linear than I think is intended. Oh, and...$120k!!!!!!! Yeah. It's not that odd to have 10 sets...I was just wondering concerning details for splitting btwn say 3 people, or 4 for for that matter. I wonder if they'd consider additional funds to a sacred or eternal font to up all the numbers to something other than 10 or 15 just to be able to split it up better? So, I'm also a KS backer of an IoS/PC game called "Republique" that just today reached its funding goal. One of the many cool reward tiers includes a custom made Republique iPhone case. Immediately upon seeing the mock-up I thought "daaamn that would be cool to have a similar case done for ST!" Check it out here: <url>"only" 10 sets of promos--because then you've FULLY ARMED 10 people... and just kind of left 5 in the dust. Now, we could say that those 5 inscription cases are just meant to be canabalized by all--and I'd agree with that. But what about those extra 5 core sets? I haven't seen anywhere that these are pre-constructed core sets (I'm assuming so), but if that's the case, unless the core sets have some kind of exclusive cards, then their value in canibalization seems low. Add to this confusion the PURPOSE of that SACRED FONT: To be a center of gaming. Can we assume that those non-swag 5 sets are meant to be "in-store" demo sets? If we say, no, then those sets are meant for players, and THAT is the purpose of that font level--to encourage and spread the ST seed. And if that is the case, it seems odd that we would short 5 people... For no reason at all. 120K Great job everyone. On to 140K and we still have 60 hours left Tier 8 achieved! Yes! Founder specialization unlocked! 120 k :-) I still hope we can make the 140k, I really want a fancy codex (or two) xD Dragon, I'm all but certain that stuff like that is what those exclusive card sets are intended for. Definitely your call how to use em and the team has stated before that they will be providing tournament info. I suspect they are just more focused on finalizing the core game at present. @awakened dragon... If you have ten complete sets, I suppose they're are ment to share... you only need one of any specialisation for yourself... 2 if you wish to collect them... so people are boud to share them with friends and family they get involved... right? Something tells me that there will be an acute shortage of recipe card sleeves in the near future! (8^D -Ski @EA Crux, tMC: I asked the question and it was never answered. I'm one of those SACRED FONT pledges and still scratching my head about it. To be honest, I'm wondering how much direction ST is going to give as far as tournament running. If they aren't against the idea, I was just figuring on using the elements of the 10 as prizes in tournaments. I hope that if ST has an actual Internet platform for running official games at their site that they make the tool open to ANY member to run a tournament. In that way we can better address timezone issues, and any of us that want to run such a thing can even mail off physical prizes in addition to or in lieu of ranking points--what better way to give non-founders a chance to get some of this founder-only swag? I'm waiting for direction. @Justin Wawrzonek: You're welcome. I think ST is really bending over backwards to give people choices. Cruz, what do you mean why? Just why 10 sets of exclusives vs 15 each core and inscriptions? I'm guessing since those are basically geared to stores so they can pre stock themselves at a low price. The ten exclusives are basically their additional benefit vs waiting to buy. Prizes, giveaway, that sort of thing. That's my take. ooooh... less then 1 k to go @awakeneddragon: Thanks for the info. I may just up my pledge. probably just.... because ;-) Did anyone find out why the sacred and eternal fonts mention 10 sets of all KS Exclusive promos and 15 core sets and 15 inscription cases? @MhidDa: You're welcome. I suppose you couldn't find it, because it hasn't been mentioned yet... so far I don't think we can. @Justin Wawrzonek: The answer, at this point, seems to be no. The easiest (and most cost effective) way to do so would be to up your pledge level. If you're after inscription pack cases, there are several pledges that allow you to mix/match for them. If nothing else, you can always manage-your-pledge (Here, I'll invent a new KS phrase: "MYP"), and simply add some pledge levels together, if you aren't quite happy with some of the higher pledge levels. I couldn't seem to find anything on this in the comments or updates but can we add anything to our pledge to get extra inscription packs? Sooo close to $120k! I'm currently eagerly awaiting any official information regarding compendiums (bulk card storage)... but leaning towards finding a place to commission a custom piece -- some form of engraved chest/box. If anyone has any suggestions for good hand-crafters, let me know. Actually, I guess I don't really need to tell any of you...seems we are all in the same boat when it comes to anticipation Not concerned with getting a particular price at all (money spent on a product I believe in is money well spent regardless) just looking to get my head around it...like the idea of being able to provide Inscription Packs as gifts/surprises here and there in the future if he loves the game as much as I think he will. Much like boosters of his other games but cooler because they are bigger, better art and get to go into a leather bound spell book that is all his own...I can't tell you how ridiculously excited I am to get it in house. The $75 is the retail price, not the wholesale price. I wouldn't expect additional markup. don't forget we get them directly from the manufacturer. If you buy them in retail you're probably gonna pay a bit more... $ 5-6. I wonder however, since you can swap the core sets and inscription packs... Is a core set gonna sell for $ 75,- not likely seeing the adept level giving a core set for $ 45,-. But still? @awakeneddragon and @Eric, thanks for the info. waiting to see how much my son gets into this (he is a ccg fiend...yu gi oh, pokemon, magic...as well as a magic madman) before I bury my house in cards. Lesson learned after piling up a collection of over 1,300 Heresy: Kingdom Come cards without a single play... Interestingly, the pledge level for MAGI lists an incription pack case as being $75, so that would put a pack at $3.13ish. Ah, and as Core Sets and Inscription pack cases can be freely swapped for many pledge levels, I'd asume that they run the same. And, in case you didn't know (I didn't), there are 24 packs of 12 cards in a case. So that means that a pack is about $2.60. They do list the retail price for the case as $75. And one of the Q/A listed 24 packs per case, which would suggest a $3 retail point. @MhidDa: I don't know where THAT info is, but the MSRP for the Core Set is listed at $59 ($45 for us Kickstarter folks) on the website. ST says (in the faq) that they want to cut out the middleman to save players money, so it looks like they'll be doing direct sales of ST. (And, I totally know what you mean about trying to reduce browsing time for this info). Just trying to figure out some math here: How many total cards are there? Over 300, was it? (This basic piece of info just doesn't appear anywhere I've looked). Anyway, a core set has, what, 140, so that means we're getting about half just by getting core sets. The remainder would be in the inscription packs. So we get a case of packs, which includes more than double the core set (found something like 280 quoted in the faq). Assuming that there's no overlap, then that should mean that with a core set and a case of inscription packs you should get all of the commons, most (if not all) of the uncommons, and (barring horrid distribution and massive doubling) a decent number of rares. Then we can trade in for whatever. I couldn't find any solid numbers of distribution between rares, uncommons, and commons anywhere either. (-.-)> Anyone have this info? This is probably covered somewhere here or at the main site but to reduce my work time spent browsing (ridiculous concept I know), does anyone know yet how much Inscription Packs will be post KS? Yes, we'll definitely hit $120k today. @Kyle: It might just be. Run a search on "reshipping service" and you should find some options. The one I use for Japan ONLY ships to Japan (and if you're here from BGG then you should ALREADY have that address because I talk them up all the TIME), and they're fantastic. The beauty of reshipping services is the larger the amount of shipping, the MORE you save. So, actually, if you got one of the higher levels, then you could save up to 50% over US postal service. The thing is that with any such service I'd want to test it first (I DID) with a small order or two, just to get a feel for their customer service and such. If you give one a go, I'd be interested to hear how it goes (and I certainly hope it goes well!) I'm thinking $120k is probably going to be today, then we have two days to hit $140k! I'm pretty sure if we reached 1000 backers at the current average pledge per person we'd hit it. @awakeneddragon Don't suppose Korea is an option for these reshipping services you speak of? Never heard of it before! @Stephen Rodger: Living in Japan, I use a reshipping service whenever possible to get better shipping rates (I plan on doing it for this KS, in fact, if ST can't manage a shipping deal). Are you able to use reshipping to Australia? If you've never used one, it might--literally--pay to check into one. And finally i created "Der Schlangenbund" for german players @Unisus im now registered as Xorron now at becomemagi.com Looks like we'll handily beat the $120k mark by the end of the KS, might even manage to make a good run at the $140k mark before time runs out on the campaign. Even without post campaign pre-orders. More exciting though, looks like we may hit 1k backers at the rate people are joining up. By the way i assume uk or netherland shipping to germany would be about the same how about we put together a few european countries? Or is this not managable? @Unisus nope not yet - care to make a german cabal there? Ill join tonight than :) Just wondering - how about filling the free spaces of the boxes with Helium or Hydrogenium? ;) Could cut down the shipping cost... [/stupid idea] yeah - 66 hours to go and it would be good to see what shipping for the different things to the different places in the world are. I am still waiting to find out what shipping to Australia is going to set this Master back... *shudders to think* Master Magi Rodger @Tom: living here in Germany too - are you already at becomemagi.com? then we could exchange adresses, if you want to. @Raoul if you care to look how shipping from the NL to Germany would cost? Or will you be at the Essen Fair? I live near Munich @Tom, there will be combined shipping to the netherlands, I don't know if you're close to the border, but it might be worth looking into that? @Christopher Gabrielson (from like 11 hours ago): Thank you. And, technically, I believe I'm a Speaker... of some kind! (^_-)v @Gradius ah if you put it that way - sadly there seem no more germans to be buying this splendid game.....calling all germans to unite here please - we are actually 2 at BGG with our own thread @Krell, i want one of those!!! @Tom Hoefl - its a good time to be in the UK - check out the new group shipping costs at the ST website - under the international sectional there's a UK section where each core set gets shipped for $19 if I order two core sets as part of upgrading to a MAgi now that my final exams are done its time to be creative! <url>"The Final Countdown" and a montage of Magi sending out messages through all media! :D Things just got real: Countdown clock switched to "HOURS TO GO" instead of days! @Gradius - whe did you see that - it sais 38 Dollars for the Magi level- or am i blinded? lol, misread that, but still, good for UK backers. @Muhammad, I love that movie, it was the last one I saw in the theater before I left the US earlier this year. @Gradius, congrats, I'm always happy when somebody can find the money to upgrade their package. WOOT FOR UK , £10 shipping per set if I upgrade to Magi. :D Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed the Speaker. Prepare to die. @PS Jayce, you keep using that word, I do not think it means what you think it means. More like inevitable, @Jayce ;) $115k!!! Inconceivable! #Americentrism Man I sure am tired of reading dozens of comments on every Kickstarter about international shipping! #justkidding #Germangrandpa I wish there were simpler solutions to this common issue. I know even when I have occasionally shipped packages to and from the UK and even Canada(!?) it's often been full of expense and hassle. We need transmat! @Brian, shipping is always an issue if you're not doing enough volume to justify renting entire shipping containers. And the time that it takes to load and actually transport. Looks like we'll likely have at least 900 founders by the end of the campaign, and possibly a thousand. @Tom I have actually been in contact with them, as well as several other smaller distributors. Unfortunately with the KS shipping there wasn't a good enough discount. But we will be working with them in the future. Thanks!! Brian thats very cool - would you be interested if i tried ulisses spiele ( one of germanys biggest distributors) to get interested in your game? If so do you have something you could send them? Www.ulisses-spiele.de would be their web adress but i wanted to talk to them about your game anyway- but if you could send me something via email that i could show them they might be easier swayed over to get into contact with you <url>~Kai $5909 to $120k and Tier 8 unlocked! Then a mere $20k more for the so-far ultimate Tier! We can do this! nice work so far everyone~ ( ^-^)/\(^-^ ) Looks like we should hit $120K before the deadline. Nice! -Ski Thank you Speaker Pentad, thirteen severe concussions = mind a little fuzzy somedays @Erik Yep! Someone refresh my heavily concussed memory. The two high number stretch rewards can/will be added too post campaign right? I want that Founder's tome <3 @LS Voidwalker, This will help with the darkness <url>"the sticks" in my adopted home state lol My location is somewhere between the end of time and the outside of known space. That's pretty specific A Magi never reveals their exact location. I must keep my Codex safe. :-) Techgnostic I'm guessing you're in like Elizabeth or Trinidad? @Crux Many places are, if you're actually in Denver. I'm in "the country". :-) @Techgnostic, (great name BTW) Colorado is a big place, huh. And I thought everything was within half an hour from Denver lol! @A Nemeth Its a joke. It was like ST Discovery +1 was a stat bonus haha. @Muhammad: ?achievement get? @Crux Unfortunately we're a long way from the planet of Boulder. ;-) Good luck getting them on board though! @A Nemeth Achievement get? @Muhammad, st discovery +1 Beautiful numbers. :) Palindrome. $112,211. Oooh! Perhaps Gunnar can create a duel session / journal system on the site. That way when @Becky and @Jake duke it out, we can read the play-by-play (possibly in character) on the web :D @Jake, I'm on Vancouver Island. Very Pacific Northwest indeed. A future duel would be awesome! Hmm...I was thinking more about this Search for Power thing and I'm sure this has crossed the brilliant minds of the Super Gabrielson Bros and Gunnar but I'm putting it out here anyway: I think the Search for Power event should also include some info for non-players / backers to join the game. This would also make things interesting for folks who accidentally stumble on the stuff to join up and play ST. Think of it as an ordinary person finding hidden power and answering the Serpent's Call :D @Becky Sounds like a potential market we should tap into, soggy cards. :P Also, sounds like we may be relatively close, we may have to duel someday \8D/ I mean "...ask him IF he will be carrying ST...". When Is evolution gonna catch up our thumbs to deal with iPhone small button selection? Actually I would be happy to place near anywhere on the West Coast of the U.S. or Canada that has nice hotsprings. I like to do a couple road trips a year, and I love hotsprings. Just remind me to place the cards before I soak. Soggy cards aren't so collectible. Colorado? One of my best friends owns a gaming store in Boulder. I'm trying to get him to check out ST. You guys should stop by his store if you are nearby and ask him of he will carrying ST and how awesome it is. I would love to help down here in Texas that's for sure! I'm curious to find out more about that Tier 6/$80k Master card. Anyone have any idea on when we might hear more about that? =D I can help with card placement in the great state of Colorado. @Hunter, I would have preferred protagonist, but I guess my shadowy side is the stronger! Likewise, my partner and I go on a great many drives through/around the US Pacific Northwest (seeking out waterfalls, and other stuff :P), so if we can help place some things, just let me know =) I also make trips to Denver/Boulder, CO and New York, NY (Mostly around Manhattan) pretty regularly for work, and San Francisco for leisure, if any of those locations need some help XD @ Becky I must admit that the Antagonist spot was the one I most desired, but I did manage to get Idlor's Speaker slot, so I can't complain. I am looking forward to battling your shadowy self. I must have accidentially started a ritual last night during our frenzied F5 camping, that was only completed when I logged in today. Maybe that one where we were attempting to cast Hastened Update. @Muhammad I'd join that one.... want free shinys.... my presiousssss.... I think all of the founders would be happy to help. We are a helpful, if greedy bunch. Hey Hunter! I'm quite delighted with my 20 second snag today. :D I think we have the beginnings of a Cabal filled with embezzlers here.....bwahahah. @Muhammad, Lol. *ahem* I hereby, most honestly and with no evil intent whatsoever, volunteer to misappropriate, um...er... help with the placement of cards in the pacific northwest of Canada. Aww snap, I leave for a few hours and Becky becomes an Antagonist! WOW! Congrats! I love the idea of a custom/vanity specializations depending on the cost. We'd handle our own art I assume? Or would we have a pool to pick out of? and it's just customizing an existing spec as I'm reading it... I'm thinking Bulwark is going to become Spellwarrior if the cost is reasonable. Or maybe pick out some stuff and make it "Elementalist" unless those cards are going to actually exist at some point lol. I eagerly await more full details on those. @Adam Shhhhh. Volunteer first. Misappropriate later. @Gunnar Awesome news! I'll be more than happy to volunteer to help out in the UK. Would I get free cards though? That's the important question :P @Gunnar Reeeeeaaaaallly? Count me in to 'help' with Australia. Seriously though, I'd be happy to serve :) @Adam.... pretty sure we would want it to be a world wide thing. :) Trying to implement it in Australia is madness, although a lot of places have a similar feel to the sites you mentioned @Adam. I'd rather they don't do it at all over here then botch it up, to be honest. It does seem unfortunate that those of us outside the US are unlikely to be able to take part in the Search for Power. It's especially unfortunate when you think about some of the possible sites that could be used in the UK alone - Stone Henge, Tintagel Castle, The Giants Causeway and the Uffington White Horse to name but a few! @LSThomas My thoughts exactly! @Muhammad, that seems fair enough, one of the perks of living somewhere that nobody else lives, right? We're allowed to be dark magi, I presume. @Apocryphal Lore: OMG is that the creepy lot I've fallen in with? Well, I guess Antagonists are well known for consorting with evil beings. However, I had more in mind a dark sorceress with flowing robes and a half shadowed face, residing in a black stone tower that existed in a fiery nexus of shifting realities. @LSThomas I don't mind a bit of a geocaching hunt haha. What we should do is nominate ourselves as the *ahem* 'organisers' for this event. And keep the cards. Oh look! I happened to find them all behind my couch! What a mystery :P Oh, and Kicktraq is trending to $120.4k ATM. @Muhmmad, that's something that concerns me a great deal. OTOH, I have a sneaking suspicion that Google maps may be involved. Which would be fair, but actually going places even if it is a card other people have with different artwork seems unfair. Not to mention expensive. I'm curious though. If we hit 120k and the Search for Power goes live, what about Magi that aren't based in the ConUS and thereabouts? Who doesn't love the creepy little girl playing with creepy little dolls ... one of which happens to look exactly like YOU? @Jake and @Dannicus. Exciting isn't it? Being part of something like this doesn't happen very often :D Damn, missed it by THAT much! I agree with @Lore. Reminds of the entrance exam scene in the first MiB movie. Freaky! Ah crap, I think we might have given an idea for what her card will look like. @Becky... Regarding a cute antagonist: If I walked into a chamber of horrors, surrounded on all sides by grizzly, dark creatures - rotted and ageing necromancers on one side, shifting and shuddering chronomancers on the other; fleshweavers, technomancers, deamons and terrors - the one I would fear most would be the girl with pigtails, in the pretty pink dress who sat giggling upon her rocking chair reading an ancient tome bound with the skin of fallen heroes. You can't evade it @Becky. It was being carried by a homing bat. Ha! Sonar-ed-ed. Looking at the trends, I think we're about to hit critical mass, which should lead to the huge EXPLOSION of growth that some KickStarters experience in their final days. It'll be exciting to see how far we can go! Quick calculations, $28,390 til we hit $140K. Subtract $20K for the $120K goal. Three days. Its amazing the amount of people that are coming out of the woodwork to back this project. One more stat. 196 more backers to reach 1,000! Dammit I always miss stuff... *evaded* :P I can speak the words that will defeat you @Becky. Ping pong. Say it with me now. Ping. Pong. Sorry? Uh uh! ♫ We are the champions! ♩Of the WORLD! ♬ Also, good morning all from somewhat-sunny-but-mostly-cilly Sydney. Thanks! The more I think about it, the more I like it, and that extra $400 that stays in my pocket is pretty sweet. :) @Titus Power doesn't come to those who deserve it. It is taken, TAKEN I say! And then you leave a note saying how sorry you are. Oh man! I TOTALLY woulda raised my pledge for Speaker Antagonist! But I think Becky deserved it more... That's alright @Christopher. Indentured servitude is so 1800s. Sorry about that! But I need to have minions of my own now. Lol. Maybe that will be my angle. Are Antagonists allowed to look cute? No, I guess not. Hmmm... maybe bewitching is more along the right lines. I feel my Shadow side rising to the forefront! I may just stay here in this Antagonist tier, all powerful and evil enchantress like. congrats~ :3 All evil people are good dancers, @Becky. It is part of their unholy powers. Don't even get me started on the romancing. *does a happy dance* Oh wait, do Antagonists do happy dances? Maybe a chilling laugh of Power would be more in line! *tee hee* :P I got some work to do to be properly Antagonistic. Sweetness @Becky! Congratulations! If you go up for NoP I might have to race to get Speaker Antagonist :D Congratulations Becky! Thanks! Still strongly considering the NoP if they add more. I tend to prefer to be aligned with the light side of casting. But, even good cards go bad. :P I know you were really saddened by not snagging a NoP slot, Becky. Congratulations on becoming an Antagonist! I just popped on and SCORE! :D did that go in <20 seconds..? wow I kinda brought the idea up with like 'blank' specialisation cards where you chose from a mutually exclusive (and carefully curated / balanced :p) list of abilities from the game. I also had a similar idea to Englund as well, but in a slightly different way. My thought was for a 'reactive' specialist that had something along the lines of: Magickal Preparation: While you have the Ready stone, your next incantation is cast as though it were 1 level higher. Unyielding Defense: While you have the Interrupt stone, your existing defensive incantations are treated as though they are 1 level higher. Something like that. I also have a risky spec idea for introducing new players to the game, for the kind of people who demand a somewhat more 'traditional' approach or are resistant to the idea of speaking Incantations. Will post here if anyone is curious. I don't mind not using it all the time, I would hate to pick a spec I never used at all. I would try forcing my playstyle to use the card instead of letting my style develop on it's own. Did we just lose an eternal? I think I saw the pledge amount drop 2k I would love a vanity spec personally, though how much would we have to add on to our pledge to get one if you go through with it? The only problem I have with vanity specs is that I would want one, but since I haven't played at all I have no idea what my playstyle would be and thus have no idea what my vanity spec should be. Wow, 800! Seeing as cabals going together for high-end pledges are quite common, that number is probably a lot higher! Greetings and welcome to all of our new backers! What an exciting time to be a founder!!! =D Over 800.... fantastic! Indeed...800 is a nice number! Hey, we crossed 800! Glorious it is! I'd be all for the Vanity Spec, Well since we are obviously going to hit tier 9 with 1 day left... what do you guys think the 10th stretch reward might be? @Englund: I've though about that myself! Like a Chronomancer, getting stronger by messing with the flow of time. One of the unlocks could be "You may at any time have two interrupt/ready stones." or "when you use a ready/interrupt stone, you may choose to trigger your sustained effects by paying 1 Will" or similar. The Vanity Spec idea sounds pretty cool to me. More flavor is always good. As to the WoW community thing....disappointing, but not surprising. The tone of what's building up for ST is much more friendly and inclusive. That will be a big benefit moving forward. I really like the vanity spec idea. Something fun that isn't game-breaking. Is it alright if we get them bronzed? Random idea, may be complete crap: any there any specializations that have effects that interact with ready/interrupt stones? Like "Resonant Vigilance: Gain 1 resonance whenever you take a ready stone" or "Reverberation: Gain 1 resonance whenever an opponent takes an interrupt stone" or something like that? To be honest, putting myself in to the game doesn't motivate me. Founder's Codex would. Exclusive stuff would. Tacking on other extras would (like zombicide). 800 Backers by 5pm you say? I think you're on to something there me good Magi. @Chris, You have certainly created a great group of supporters. Congrats. I'm all for a unique specialization based on my name. Especially if it isn't more powerful. This makes me a part of the game rather than just paying to win. Vanity Spec cards sound very cool the way you've described them here. As long as it's not pay for power, I support it! @christopher, I would be very happy to pledge extra for a vanity spec --custom artwork/name but identical stats to the stock card. Still recorded in the card database as legitimate, etc. @Christopher, I think some of that is youth. I don't think I've used virginity as an insult since graduating college. Looking back it was a senseless thing to do at the time. So if they want to attack this as if the people playing it are virgins... well. Maybe they'll grow up one day. Great, thanks! @Christopher Well said! Many of those comments sound like they came out of the mouths of immature kids. One thing that really attracted me to ST is you and your bro's philosophy of a "gentleman's" game. @Greg, select your original pledge, then add 175 to the total. In the post funding survey you'll say what the extra funds are for Can't figure out how ta add the line for life add-on option. If I pick it invalidates my original pledge. +1M @Techgnostik - nice.. save one of your 33 slots for it - come in handy for a quick escape Great YouTube video. Liked and shared... Thanks for the confirm! @longbeach Lol...flash paper. Yes! I used to do pretenda-magi with it when was younger...and I would today if I happened to find a pack in my Codex. Pledges going up so fast, did we get flash paper added to the set yet? 8*D @Ryan yes, you would just let them know that the extra $45 was for an adept level reward during the post KS survey. @ryan yes And that would let me do up to 4 players correct? I am in at Master Collector, can I add 45 and get another core set then? Thanks for the great video WoWHobbs! I like! @quindo. You'll want a second core set if you want to support a four player game. Either switch to the other cabal or up to officiant @Quindo, you want the Cabal option. That one supports the 4 player group. The Other option is for a 2 player set. I think no, it says a core set (2x codex) and a box of cards. So if you buy the founder's codex, you get three codici and the cards. For 4 player you should go cabal (first $ 85,- pledge) Here is a question. I got the 2nd $85 dollar tier. Will that come with enough materials for me to run a 4 person game? I want to get this going at my magic shop and want to make sure I get the correct materials needed for co-op games. YouTube comments are very mature and insightful Done and Done Hey guys please go like and favorite the new video by WoWHobbs on Youtube!!! <url>#backers skyrocket more than the amount pledged. But I do think the normal kick starter end of drive curve will work in our favor. Are Name of Power backers going to have any input on their words? I drove tanks for seven years in the Army. Armor is in my blood, and I'd love to reflect that in-game. No one should feel pressured to spend more money for sure -- I've seen some unfortunate phrasings or comments in other KS especially toward the end -- but it should really be all about bringing in new backers not trying to wring our community for more and more hard-earned cash. I know many of us are really stretching what we can afford to get to these levels. I share the excitement and I applaud anyone who takes it up a notch to help themselves /and/ the community but all of us are Founders and contributors and thus integral to the project's support. @Eric don't give up hope! We did 7K yesterday, almost 9K today and the day isn't over! The 120K will be ours! 140 maybe tough, but I think its still doable. If more backers at the Adept-Magi levels decide to take a Line for Life, if the Sons of Gabriel have any more extras to announce (Compendiums?), etc we can see numbers accelerate dramatically at this point. It's good to see new backers and new reward tiers! I'm still sitting on my $85 level but you all keep wanting me to push upwards. Want an upgraded codex so bad... :p three codex eh? That's more then enough to get some games going with core sets! That's great! Just to confirm we will be able to unlock that post KS right? I mean I'm optimistic but 30,000 USD in 72 hours is a significant amount of money... Already signed up! Now I'm trying to push a couple friends to join in. Thanks for the welcome! $110,000!!!!! @Greg Krywusha Welcome this should be a blast. Do not for get to signup at <url>"hi" and am looking forward to being a part of the community. and any gossip about Compendiums to share? What do you think 800 backers by 5pm EDT? @Gunnar and Jenna :) Thanks! Whoops was logged in on my wifes account. That was my posting below under "Jenna". Added a new layer of security to stop spammers/spam bots on the forums, as well adding a 'report user' link to each update, post, profile. Please report any spammers you come across! Thanks! Off to sleep, folks. Have a good one. @longbeach: No problem. And I hear that, but I'd take the new pictures over the errata, banned and restricted lists ANY day! thanks dragon , and it was far easier in MtG when they didn't make new pictures for the same cards over and over! @Eric Nielsen: Mobile tech will never beat desktops (^_-) @Taylor Swain: The $295 Speakers were the original high-level pledges, and were gone within the first day or two of ST being open on KS. They had limited slots. Speaker Legacy was added awhile after, and is limitless. Given that Speaker = 2*Master Player + Line for Life (total if bought seperately = 485) the 375 price point is still a great deal.... Master + Line for Life is 330... so for 45 more you get an extra Master Player if you go Speaker Legacy Speaker was for early birds, Speaker Legacy for everyone else I was contemplating upgrading to the Line For Life and noticed that the $295 Speaker and $375 Speaker Legacy levels were almost the same. It seems identical except for the choice of any combination of core sets and inscriptions. Am I missing something or is the extra $80 just for the choice of combination? Or was the first an easy sell out and so they made the legacy higher? @longbeach: If they're offered at all, I would imagine that the ST team will do much as they did for the level 2 and come on and announce that they will (Interestingly enough, there is NO WAY for anyone getting named for any funding level to get named again in another funding level, short of having another Kickstarter account or having someone else put their name in in their stead--so the naming love does get spread around). I would imagine that they would do it sometime within the next three days, say, a whole day before the end of the campaign--which would give them one more shot of SOMEthing to up pledges on the last day. But maybe level 3 is it. As for the mixing of level 2 and 3, that is not clear. It looks like each one is unique from the comments that have been made, and I would imagine that if anyone got their name included in those wheels whose names resembled a lower level sound, that a different part of their name would instead be used. This kind of system would make the most sense as experienced players, upon hearing a spell, would be able to identify its level, and perhaps even the spell itself (From my M:tG days, I could be shown any picture and KNOW the card). So I would imagine is that each level has it's own serpent wheel of sounds. Hmm amazon payment still not loading on mobile (worked last night), but back on desktop and all is well :) @Samuel: It's only the stuff after the initial stuff (^_-), but because of the wording, even those that pledge at AWAKENING level can throw it down and get LfL (Why they would, I don't know, but the option is open to them). @Titus: I'm over there posting, not really to lure or to ping or to rub up against The Hotness. To be honest, when I see stuff hit The Hotness and then I go check it out--and there ARE NO COMMENTS, I roll my eyes at the artificial bloat. I want to see something there. Anyway, I hope what I do post up is not only worth reading, but invites comment. @John: No problem. I rather think that ST really should just flatly say they are going to do it, so pledging NOW is no problem. I would imagine that there would be over 700 backers that would be willing to throw in another $10, at least. Why do it after KS if it can be done before, especially if it would mean a massive jump that would get everyone closer to the next stretch--whereby we all benefit again. Oh well. to be clear, are there any level 3 only phrases or all level 2's will be used for higher levels as well? so when will the level 3 name of powers be opened for bid?? @awakeneddragon: Thanks for the reply. I've done Kickstarts where you can bump up your pledge after the run is over. It's usually in the form of a questionnaire the creators send out asking for mailing info and so on, like "would you like an extra set of special, engraved dice (+$5.00)," etc. Seeing that the campaign gained about 12K in 24 hours, there's a good chance, but if not, I'd gladly pay $20.00 for a Founders Codex if we don't make that stretch. Just one, my friends don't need the sexy one :-) If folks want to help get the word out, go visit the Serpent's Tongue page over on boardgamegeek, even if you don't comment. If it gets enough pings it will appear on "The Hotness" on the homepage and hopefully lure more people in... <url>"enumerated as Founders" here, but I'd like to confirm. Also, when would we pay the extra $10, and is that for one codex, or does that upgrade both codices in a core set? Anyone else having problems with Amazon payments? Its not loading for me.... trying to up my pledge some more As a Game Center, my primary interest is in teaching the game, and helping new and experienced players alike enjoy their experience. One thing that I wonder about is how to enter these new players into the ranks? So I have 15 core sets and 15 cases of inscription packs. Would I sell this to them? Give this to them? But for how much and in what quantities TO MATCH the correct level? So, let's say, at minimum, I want to create APPRENTICES, but ideally, ADEPTS. From my understanding, anything higher is IMPOSSIBLE post KS (as their names most certainly will NOT be worked into the game). Which brings up my next question: Are these titles based solely on pledge level and how early we pledged, or will they be actual representations of ABILITY to play? Or will there be a separate, merit-based ranking system? It's one thing to be that money bags, or that scholar, but it's quite another to be that mage duking it out in the trenches. All of these topics have been touched on, but there really isn't enough information--and I'm a planner. Oh, one other thought before I melt back into the shadows for awhile: I know I'm throwing this out rather late in the game but a good way to entice some further pledging in these last few days might be to allow any and all backer-levels to increase their pledges to include pre-purchasing additional cases of Inscription packs. I'd certainly up my pledge to get another case or two at a cheaper-than-retail, pre-purchase price. A quick pause of reflection: I backed this project almost a month ago (I'm one of those original 11 Speakers) and then got too busy to keep up with everything as much as I'd hoped. Back then, I clearly remember seeing worlds of potential for this project but, given it's uniqueness, having some concern that it would find enough of an audience to even achieve it's minimum funding level back then. Even more so, I remember worrying about what kind of legs this game would have out into the future and being a touch nervous that I may have been a bit aggressive in chosing a Line for Life level of support. But, my now-self is really laughing at my then-self as seeing the tremendous growth in energy (and funds!) has just been staggering. I feel as though we are all watching the birth of new entity unfold and that alone has been worth the price of the admission. Anywhoo, just wanted to take a quick moment to say how much I am looking forward to taking part in this growing community and enjoying what is shaping up to be an amazing gaming experience. Go Go Team Gabrielson Go... I go to sleep and a new rewards tier and 7 pages of comments get posted. WOW! Click on the pi symbol at the bottom of that page. At the rate we're going, we might just hit $120k by the end of the KS, although Kicktraq says we're trending to $115k now. @Master Brimstone You are correct! So just to be clear, all I need to do is up my pledge by 175 and I can add line for life? Cause... cause I sure the hell will do that ;). I'm so happy to see all of the new levels sold out so quick, even though I had hoped to get in on one if the price had been less (I wish I could give so much more, but alas...). Congrats to those who snagged them up! It's great that you can now add a Line for Life to any level. The Gabrielson brothers must be working some seriously arcane magic to continue giving us all such great rewards at such a bargain price. Wow, power disappears fast around here!! -Ski I didn't like the idea of the Names of Power, but if they're transforming them a bit to fit the language, that's probably not a problem. I'll reserve judgment on that until it's actually done. At this point it's a bit premature to get out the pitchforks. Okay. Who's the rogue magi practicing the language in my area? I got my power knocked out for a couple of hours and I see the slots got filled up again. @Christopher @Becky, hahahaha good one!!! I am so looking forward to founders codices (thank you john) I'm curious if it's possible to pick up more then one, after all I'm gonna have a ton of cards to store. Been posting on my facebook like a madman to draw some interest for this, I have a good feeling this RPG/TCG fusion will be something amazing. Crossing my fingers we make the $140k goal. There will certainly be a surge of moolah if you guys hit it, I know I want two or so of those codices. I was curious what the naming would go for, and even more curious to see how fast they'd go. Curiosity assuaged! FAST! I'll do my thing and step up then: I'm in for Sacred Font Plus. Let's get where we need to go, folks! I'm here for the Asias. Exactly Speaker Hagenbeek, I have no doubt that we will reach our 140k stretch goal by the cut off date indicated. We're already chugging along nicely towards 120k and may even make it by the end of the KS campaign *knock on wood* I'm also looking forward to seeing what bonuses the pre order campaign will net us in addition to our already significant bounty. As the great Mel Brooks said "It's good to be the King" or rather good to be a founder. you're a founder eric, those you play are just plain magi that joined the hype at a later date ;-) I'm looking forward to getting my Founder's Codex. I'll only be upgrading the one, my "loaner" codex can be "normal" haha. English is so confusing at times.... Well that was exciting Haha. Night, Becky. P.S. The plural of codex is "codices". I looked it up to be certain. Night, Becky! Okay, NOW I'm going to sleep for real. Nite all. if it wasn't for shipping costs I'd add some extra cedexes, but the fine line of paying more on postage then to ST is something I'm not inclined to cross. Congratulations @Hunter! When he said he released that spot, I raced to get it, but you beat me out on that one. I guess being cranky slowed me down too much. :P Even though I didn't get one of the new spots, I'm still excited. I'll be adding a Line For Life and some bonus Codexen now! ...oh dear, I'm screwed! @Kurono, Hmmm. I think I'll take my chances with the Sons of Gabriel. You never know how valuable unborn children will turn out to be. ;) Make it your first and second born and we got a deal hahaha :) Line for Life looks like something many backers should indeed add. I believe it also comes with an additional set of the Kickstarter exclusive cards, so you can team up with a buddy and they can taste the power! @Becky those of us with the financing any way. For my own $700 is an entire paycheck and a good portion of one of these <url>"Fos Koth Idlor," hee hee. I was surprised to see 7! Props to you if you can bring in more without messing up the language, and I hope that name will have to in some way meet standards to be included (but I take that as a given more or less). *cautiuouly stops brushing teeth* Yes, I could, just. Unless you want the indentured servitude of my first born children. Yay, our toils have been noticed! I said id be willing to do it as a good deed, just need some extra ST secrets that are going around. @ Becky, I wasnt asking for money. So which means you can afford up to 795? Am I right? You said you cant above that? @ Butz, yes you are right, i hate that kind of thing to. I just noticed Becky was up all night just to see the update come up. Thats why i asked how bad she wanted that slot. For the transfer to that slot, i have no clue on how that would be possible unless we get Chris in on the situation if i give up the slot. That was an interesting experience, thanks for sharing it! Ok, now go to bed. @Kurono Thanks, but I can't afford anything above that price. Even that is in the category of hide the credit card statement and maybe it will pay itself. :( . Now I really am going to bed. Just ordinary little old cranky, sleep deprived master me. @Kurono Glad to hear it. Sadly, I've seen that kind of thing in the past and it inflames the inner Rage-i in my heart. Nope, not money wise related, hell might just offer as a good deed. I dont do shady. @Kurono I hope your negotiations don't involve transferring money from one backer to another. That wouldn't just be shady, that might not even be legal. 6_9 I had time to freak out take time to decide with my scribe level. Though then again it wasn't released before the update. People switched from MARKING Eternal, but the amount pledged didn't go down. I'm one of 'em, and I'll be supporting at the Eternal AND NoP levels. @Becky, Well how bad do you really want the Name of Power? I'd be willing to negotiate. Gah, I was talking to the doctor. Well played sir! @Becky I'll save some Thai for you. Well i had to open 2 accounts in kickstarter to get in, I see some people left eternal. Im still in for both Eternal and name of Power. Oh, snap! Thanks Idlor, I got your Speaker pledge! Grrr. I'm going to sleep now. I will make someone happy since I had a limited speaker level. too rich for my tastes ... I blinked... and I missed? darn NOT FAIR! I got one. Man that was quick, Im in baby. So, who got one? Awesome pledge level. Though I suppose "You've been Zeigered" will have to wait.. :( DAMN IT! Wow, that lasted less than a minute. I have NEVER seen something go that fast. And those sold out fast. Well, that's done. @MB John. :D Okay, goodnight all. I guess I starved myself and threw dogfood on the floor for nothing. NAME OF POWER: GET =D It's Up!!!! It'll be there, Becky. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow. But soon. And for the rest of your life. I am pleased that post KS people won't be classed as founders and won't get our sexy special cards and stuff But the new level isn't there. Yup, goodnight. Now go to bed it's up guys Sleep deprivation at its finest! well, there it is, #8 Update 8 is up. @LS Mitchell: What are you burning? I've got my previous incarnations together and we are having a bonfire while we wait! though Omari keeps eating all the hot dogs. @Eric: Gunsmithing!? That is very nearly more awesome than being a lion tamer! Nice :D *despairs* I fear they shall be very limited indeed. Easily editable makes me a happy man! If only the rest of life was easily editable. @Becky, don't despair. With luck the new tiers might not be limited :) @David I googled a Mage name generator and came up with mine (Zephyrus). Give it a shot! @David.. You can change your display name any time very easily.. My only suggestion is: it's easily editable if you are unhappy with it later. More a fact than a suggestion. : ) I accidentally made it my full real name at first. Oops! I might be moving to Sydney after I finish gunsmithing school. Only if the NSW PD is interested in retaining my services and helping with my visa lol So, I've never completed my registration on the website because I have NO IDEA what I want my display name to be. I would weep for my tragic lack of creativity, but I'm going to blame the horrible shift I've been working this week and exhaustion. Any suggestions? This was tough, yesterday I knew I'd be off today. Tomorrow my work week begins again more or less. together* Move to Sydney. It's just hitting 5pm :D Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey Ball is go! All my lifetime are waiting toget Still here, ping pong balls in hand. Fading very very fast. If the Update doesn't come soon, I might not make it. :( God, I hope they don't pull the whole "New pledge tiers tommorrow" thing again. I would scream, cry, and knash my teeth all at the same time. Multiple lifetimes of waiting... *whimper When Chris mentioned we would have to become attuned to our Names over multiple lifespans he meant we would be waiting those lifespans for the update, so as to earn the power. Well, as much as I want to take one of the soon to be announced slots, I'm not sure I can put in any more than another 10 minutes camping time. So, here's a congrats to those who stay up long enough to get them! Someone check on @Becky. She's probably gone into a ping pong nightmare. With pandas. On fire. Still not midnight on the west coast haha! 6_9 I was quoting a joke used in a web series. It's 1 am... come on guys lolol >.> *blames the brothers gabrielson for his insomnia( ::insert the sound of thumbs twiddling:: Sorry, it was just a joke <url>"shove it in a cargo pocket" size that isn't much more then the cards and a little flavor Nasty! I'm thinking the Pulp Fiction scene with Christopher Walken. Here's your father's Codex, young one! Gross! I'd rather go without. If you could rectally store your codex, you'd never be without your spells again! Yikes... that's the second time we've lost a sacred font Hmm, I wonder if our newest Sacred Font had a change of heart or is contemplating something different. A sweet "ass codex"? Why would an ass codex be sweet? Thanks @Eric. I'm thinking that while say a 100/100 avak'shar magi is powerful, a 0/100 magi would be truly formidable. erm, We just lost 1,500. *sadface* Holy crap, I step away from the computer for like 2 - 3 hours and over $3,000 has already been pledged. Maybe we'll hit $140,000 and get that sweet ass codex. I'm thinking of upping my pledge... Lifetime Avak'shar's tracked I believe It is quite a catchy song. Here's a question, when you spend avak'shar does your rank go down? Or is lifetime avak'shar still tracked? I can sing that song from memory Speaker Thomase Haven't thought of Flogging Molly in a while. My brother used to have one of their albums on all the time in the car, I particularly remember drunken lullabies. Ah, some Flogging Molly All to hell we must sail For the Shores of sweet Barbados Where the sugar cane grows taller Than the god we once believed in Till the butcher and his crown **** the land we used to sleep in Now tommorow chimes of ghostly crimes That haunt Tobacco Island Naw, that seems far too difficult to balance. All of the specializations we've seen so far are synergistic in nature - all of their abilities complement each other in some way. A form of point-based "make your own specialization" wouldn't be able to manage that. I also think if they make some choices mutually exclusive it would be possible. @Eric True, very true. Perhaps not for sanctioned events but I know I for one will try doing a few within reason just for fun :) I want a marshmallow/F5 camping/panda bear eye/ping pong ball lobbing card! @Muhammad I seriously doubt it, that'd be WAY too hard to balance and implement. There's dozens of specializations without the KS exclusives so I'm sure there's something for everyone out there! Woooo! I just registered for college classes! I'm like... an official student now after four years of playing hookey. just hoping that means the pow-wow is over and everyone is off to implement things I wonder if they'll make blank specialization cards with a point system for traits, so we can create ones to suit individual play styles. You're playing devil's advocate! I'm excited!! Even if its my own downfall by encouraging others... I'm getting hopeful .. Both Aaron and Gunnar are popping up on the site more (gunnar's been in and out of global chat, aaron is online, etc) If the next level is more than inscriber I will be disappointed. I still have hope, too. But they have shown they aren't out to gouge us. I still have hope. Then I'll race for it, assuming I am still awake. After 2 days of camping, I'd be sad to miss it. Indeed Monsieur Nielsen has a point mo demand is mo money Power Word: Coma I dunno, I think it might be higher. It's going to mean your name is literally getting spoken all the time when people cast spells. It's pretty huge compared to having a card or even being in the Codex. We'll see! I suspect it will be higher.... they know there is demand, all those spots filled fast @Becky it's going to be the same price range as the Inscriber, Speaker Antagonist, etc Sleeeeeeeeeep. Yes, I'm on my iPad now. This is too amusing to miss. I'm just staying up late to see whatever it is, weep when I cannot afford it, and then watch all the slots fill up. TOOTHPICKS! We need toothpicks... ZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz..... Christopher already said what it was going to be, it's on page 3 or 4. Your name as a power word. I'll read the details before I pledge.. May mean I miss it. But that is just how I do things.. @Hunter, I'm beginning to lose faith. :( @DennisP, If the price isn't too steep, I already know Iit is something I want. He already told us what it is in the comments. ....I am two eyelids away from a coma, give me the update plzthxbai Well, the price point will certainly influence that. I suspect it will be similar to the Inscriber pledge. At least I hope that is where it will be. So how many of you guys that are waiting will just immediately change your pledge to the new thing and then .... when you've secured it go back and read it to see if it is something you really want? Oof, any minute now (i keep telling myself) Good night EA Crux, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for leaving yet one more space in the glorious naming tier for us. :) I think the Sons of Gabriel have fallen asleep in the meeting room. They are merrily snoozing away, dreaming of Strawberry Shortcake, while we suffer, foodless, dreamless, and updateless. Woe! Speaking of Gaiman...... Everyone Should support Amanda Palmer (Mrs Gaiman) and her band on Kickstarter Ohhhhh! I get it now. I think I figured out why these updates and pledge happen how and when they do. Heh, freaking brilliant! On that note, I think I better fall out and go to sleep. Good luck campers! I can neither confirm nor deny that this may or may not be, my own blood. Fahim Inc and its wholly owned subsidiaries, possibly stands united in maybe delivering straight answers. @Jayce She's a hell of a lot cuter than Desire. And don't even get me started on Dream and the others. (Neil Gaiman, anyone?) As long as it is your own blood that you're donating, it's all good. Bring us some thai when you're done. Yes, ALL of us. Eat something yummy for us! This is brutal, simultaneously making me hungry while keeping me up so late I'm all but guaranteed to miss breakfast! I'm going to leave you people to it. I'm going to get outta the office, donate some blood (yes, TMI) and then eat some thai food. Huzzah! Laters all. I was so busy F5ing that I forgot to eat dinner. I'M HUNGRY! A nice ooey gooey cheezy pizza would taste soooo good right now! christopher needs to pop up with a death spell right now Haha, he should invade the Vertigo Universe after being spurned by Marvel's Death, having heard rumors of a pretty cute, perky Death there. Thanos agrees Jayce Give me Update #8 or give me Death (she's cute)! Couldn't they have us waiting while there was some place that delivers still open? Being sleep deprived does funny things to your tastebuds. :P Oooh speaking of Cereal... that sounds like a great idea. My dogs are wondering why I'm not in bed. Lol. Crunchy protein packed cereal! I really should shop for groceries more if that's where my brain goes immediately... : ) At least you got breakfast ready ahead of time. I got nothin'. I'm tired, and there's dogfood all over the floor. :P I think the Super Gabrielson Bros. are simply taking a well earned moment to celebrate. ::pelts you:: Getting tired and grumpy here! Haha! I'll pelt someone with ping pong balls to cheer myself. @Hunter Sounds great! This needs to be a ritual at official events. Determine turn order by playing ping pong dodgeball! Hunter wins the prize for card design! Kind of reminds me of the 69 club and the perfect 10 club from the LSL KS campaign. @Hunter: I love it! :D I'm reminded of the landsharks so popular in the later days of the Wasteland 2 KS. Pantless landsharks. @David Maybe....maybe. How about our card has us around he campfire, all with panda bear eyes while we struggle to stay awake. Five of us hold little Fs, and the rest throw ping-pong balls at each other. and a bat for the interrupt stone? @Becky That's it, I'm going to use ping pong balls to track how much resonance I have. Nice, thanks @MMKato. How about marshmallows over a campfire, with flying bats wearing little blue cloaks, and stars in the midnight sky that look suspiciously like ping pong balls. There's a kicktraq app in the works I think. Hmm...is there a Kickstarter app? If there isn't, there should be for people like us. I think we need another ritual of summon Sons of Gabriel But he likes pressing f5. And he has such tiny little claws. @Hunter Its a KS bonus inscription, but given only to Awakening backers hehehe. @dennisp stop using your bat to press f5, you'll break your keyboard! @Muhammad That is brilliant. The image can be Marshmallows over a campfire They need to make an inscription about this event. Call of the Serpent's Tongue. Global effect. All players lose 'Sleep'. Nice try @David Elliott, but we're not going anywhere until the Update has released us! My bat is getting tired now. This is no good. Hey hey, don't knock it. I'm here on a sojourn to understand Aboriginal Dreamtime magick. Pretty powerful obscura AND I get to have a nap. Y'know. In the name of research. Well crap, if they can't see it in Australia we should all just call it a night...ok, you guys go first "I've seen the future! And it looks like Australia/" ha Ha, the future. Awesomesauce! ROFL @Muhammad Good one! Its past 3pm here in Australia. I live in the future and I STILL don't see it :P Only 7pm out here in the Pacific.. Still isn't midnight yet in some Zones! Still some time left on my clock, but not much. Time is relative. My midnight passed over an hour ago. For others, it is still two hours away. Add some quantum incantations to your codex. ;) Ok, who's disappointed that midnight came and went and nothing happened! We shall emerge VICTORIOUS!! Albeit significantly broker. :P Level 5 Trolling ritual... Look at that. A meme. HUP HUP HUP. Ping pong balls at the ready!! I'm already outside your doors with a bat, waiting. All your Doors, at the same time. Just me and my bat. PING PONG BALL TEAM!! ON THE DOUBLE!! In breaking news tonight: a dozen rabid kickstarter fans fought to the death for a limited number of high tier support slots. Level 5 deception ritual? Ooh, I guess I really am lucky to have stumbled on this tonight then! @David Elliott, We hope so. But it may just be a master illusion. I am guessing there will be between four and twelve. Very unlikely to be more than that. @David Yes, there is a new update coming any minute now that will add a new pledge level. We have been camping since yesterday just waiting to see it. So what's the update you are all talking about? New tiers or something? @Kato well, at least we will get a head start for tomorrow's figures. 140K will be a stretch Ah, I see. I'm also hoping that they have at least half a dozen of the new tier, so we can all share in the glory! :D Too late No, I mean someone appears to have just pledged Sacred Font. Member 752 I think. : ) You think it'll be Sacred? I hope not, that will be too rich for my blood. I was hoping it would be Speaker level. @the Jayces Jeez, leave some for the rest of us :P Welcome to a new Sacred Font, I believe! ::winks at Becky:: I'm double-secret ready! This is just the first of my time and space twisting plots! Every time I read a new OOTS comic and see the little kickstarter thanks banner on there, I feel a little guilty. But if I was a millionaire, I'd be on KS all the time. @Jayce: Where did your PS go? ...Oooooh, you really are ready. This is going to be some battle. Becky's got mad KS cred. That was when DoubleFine was waiting for thier numbers to roll over to 1 million, and they were all like "Kickstarter's broken!" That was the OOTS crew. :) Across the fifth dimension, a somewhat familiar Magi appears! Alternate reality Pentad! @David: It was awesome! In the final minutes we F5ed so much we broke Kickstarter! :D Just imagine what the closing hours of this one will be like... if we're getting this punchy about this update I am glad at least that we were told what we were waiting for. They are listening! I wanted to do the OotS kickstarter, but I didn't have the funds then. I was sad and ashamed; I lost geek cred. I did this for the Order of the Stick Kickstarter too, and scored some really cool swag in the final hours. :D So much silliness... join us over in global chat for silliness while we wait LOL! Okay, so maybe I did this for the Shadowrun kickstarter, too. last night on Starlight Inception? Phew! I made it back and no update! *note to self: clean dogfood off floor after update* I honestly can't tell you the last time I impatiently sat, refreshing a web page over and over. Time remaining: 7 minutes Welcome to Serpent's Tongue, David Elliott, glad to see another who is interested in the game! just throw some food somewhere! I suppose the wait is harder for those in different time-zones. We'll just have to be patient. Backer #750 here! I'm happy that I was able to contribute and proud to be here at the start of something really unique! I'm going to go feed my dog. For the first time I'm hoping the update will be delayed just a little while longer. Thanks for trying for 10pm. Anyone who regularly deals with deadlines and project schedules understands. First thing I did when I saw the blue chat box was scroll down to look for the new pledge level... <url>"pledge day". We're close to breaking our record for most pledges in a single day. Time remaining for what? Time remaining: 36 minutes. If they hurry up and update I think we will break the record! We nearly broken our record for funding in one day. I need a better name. "Bam, you've been Beckied" just doesn't do it for me. :P The new pledge level sounds great. How does ST continue to impress me? Now I just need ping pong balls with my name on them. "Bam, you've been Zeigered" they're just helping with an impromptu load test for KS 6-65! so many backers! C'mon Sons of Gabriel, UPDATE, and release us from this madness! cast new word of protection "achoo!" for great justice! Whoa... Nielsen no need to drop the WMDs bro readies the new word of power.... "care bear stare!" HEY! Who threw that golf ball? It knocked over my coffee cup! DEAR GOD! Duck, incoming! Aww snap! The ping-pong balls are a flyin' now! Hmmm. I think I have some interrupt ping pong balls around here somewhere. Standing by... ...hell with that. *kicks a sign into the dirt and returns grumbling to his tower, sign reads "Not Your Army"* Just imagine Eternals pitching armies of magi at each other... And so begins the first war of the eternals I like the theme of what you describe. It is really immersive when you need to remember the words to cast your incantations I am ready. @Christopher Gabrielson That is fracking amazing. I LOVE this idea. Will backers have any input on their name's effect? I'm guessing this one's a Speaker level pledge In other news someone other then me's getting it for sure. I'm about two eyelids short of a coma... Thanks Eric. I'm trying to show it off to my friends to get them involved and it would help a lot. I want it! But can I afford it? Sounds pretty awesome. I'm changing my name to "Mua'dib" sounds sweet! How many thousands of dollars? @Kyle, I believe they're posting a new one, and marked the old one private... Or at least that's what Gunnar said before heading out to see the Avengers @PS Jayce, I hear you.... I've been asking for that .... How do we view the youtube video of the walkthrough now? I wasn't too disappointed ultimately since I am a Prodigy Speaker already. Almost greedy to go for both. I really just want some nifty alternate reward at the Eternal Font-ish level more geared toward individuals. Which it seems they may do! We'll see. : ) Last update was about 23 hours ago, so it could just be another hour. *fingers crossed* @Eternal Cruz, me too... Of course last update happened before midnight our time, so I'm holding out hope.... Uh oh. I'm on eastern time. That means 2 pr 3 am :( I would have grabbed one of those tiers, too, but they sell out fast @PS Jayce: Oh no! That sucks. We need an update alarm ! Something like a tsunami siren would do it for me. I could even walk the dog and not miss the update! :D Last time it was about 15 minutes after I dozed off, with the new pledge tier selling out about 11 minutes before I came to. ;) I would guess any time before midnight qualifies. That gives them up to 3 more hours. :( How late night is late night? Ya, I'd give it some time still. My F5 key is getting mushy. (look for his post from about 2 hours ago) Christopher said to expect a late night update Any word on the next update yet? very nice to see $100k Never mind... The one on this site on Project Home will work for you..... Is there a place where I can see the gameplay video? The one on the website won't play because it says its private. Congrats everyone and especially to the Sons of Gabriel for making such a stellar game. I'm hoping the new pledge levels will give me an incentive to climb up from Speaker.... I remember talk not too long ago about how great 600 backers would be. Now 1000 is completely plausible. *searches spellbook for 'knock on wood' incantation* Wow, 57...that's incredible! I'm so happeh~ *wipes single tear with handkerchief* *mutters incantation* *wrings handkerchief and buckets of water come out* (I call it the Kruppe Special.) ;) @Techgnostik 57 new backers as of today according to Kicktraq: <url>·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·.$100K!!!!!.·:*¨¨*:·..·:*¨¨*:·!.·:*¨¨*:·. .·:*¨¨*:·. Who did that? 99,998? Just had to add some to push us over $100k. Congrats everyone! Now on to $120k! 100K !!!!!!! Ooooh look, my dog just brought in a marshmallow for me. I'll just wipe off the slobber and... WHAT ARE YOU GUYS LOOKING AT? The campfire will burn away all the germs. *happily pokes the slimy marshmallow on the end of the stick* I'm not leaving now. You know the minute I go for a marshmallow run, then BOOM, the update comes! Really 9 dollars I kinda want to add 8 dollars to make it 99999... Pretty number. 99,991 I added a little to my pledge to get an extra core set for my friend. We are going strong! Sure, but $100k just feels so good! of course 100k doesn't matter its 120 that we need to be aiming for now :) So close! 54 to go $179 to go til we reach $100K That's simply amazing. Come on, flip! Doh! My last comment was made before I read C. Dillon's last one...lolol It's amazing how many new pledges and backers we've had today, and not in small part thanks to that Wired coverage. How many new backers today, anyone know? Something like 38? FYI, new record for number of backers in a single day, almost triple the average with 4 hours left in the funding day! That press is really helping, though I have a feeling that Magi getting the word out to friends does at least as much :-). @Master Magus Kato...Boy, sure are close to $100K. I wonder how much more we need to get there. Wow, we're close to $100K! How close are we? @Nicole Another australian! :D Thank goodness. I thought I was gonna be down here all by my lonesome. @Gunnar: I don't mean to heckle but I was wondering when I could start bragging that my name is up on the Speaker Legacy list in Ordo Principium hehe. Just saying :P Christopher, You and your team have put together a really excellent looking game here. My son and I have never been so excited over a new game! Can't wait to play it and hopefully share it with many friends. You have something really special here. Keep up the creativity and momentum you have started with and we will be talking about this for years to come! +1 for a hint please. I've been camping for 2 days and I'm all out of marshmallows! :D Yeah, give us a hint on the new pledge tiers, should we stay up and camp for them? Hey Chris, what about Oceania? We Australians want this game too! @Christoper, New pledge tiers later tonight? Can u spill a bean or two? We're all excited! Thanks Chris, I think it is pretty amazing! I am very happy for you folks in getting to do this as fully and completely as you hoped you might! Congratulations on continuing to climb the Board/Card game top ten list on Kickstarter also! Well, Chris, you got me hooked. Well done, mate! -Ski thanks for the excitement~. 100k before or after Update 8? @Hunter I assure you, I'm a total linguistics amateur. Google and the web in general are your friends, but I think the real progress was made in collaborating with fellow Magi's in the forums and the site chat. @AdvancedStrat and @Hunter -- much of the progress was made via Google, hunches, and collaboration in the global chat @Terence, Yeah, that's what I'm hanging around for too. Hopefuly soon... @AdvanceStrat For the update#6 Mystery Tablet it seems that you almost do need a linguistics degree, or at least some prior knowledge of the language they are trying to translate. I was following the thread and have no idea how some of those people are moving towards solving it. Wow, looks like I've been missing out on some bizzare/neat looking ARG stuff. Wonder what these are about. Hope I don't need a language degree for some of these. :D I'm hoping the new reward levels will be in line with the ones I seem to continually miss-out on. :( We are definitely going to beat the record for the most comments...2K+ and climbing! @AdvanceStrat, welcome aboard. You seem to be precisely the sort of person we want here. Open minded and willing to see what it's all about. Perhaps it won't be for you, or maybe it will, but you'll never know if you don't try. Looks like we're closing in on 800 backers and $100k, good job guys. @Hunter: Giving people money is serious business. Bring it on! Has anyone scryed an ETA for our new update and pledge levels? @ Jacye Yeah, that sounds like the pastor we have as well. Probably one of the only pastor's I know that accidently bricked his ipod trying to follow a DIY youtube video on how to fix one of the buttons on it. He's not much of a gamer himself, but he's definitely someone that's willing to go out and ask about stuff like that and is willing to admit he's behind on his knowledge on things (such as asking me things about the video game industry in general after finding out about the supreme court case about them earlier this year.) Anyways, thanks for the answer about founders. Saw on the game's website that they're hoping to have a good way of being able to play online over skype or something similar, so I think I'll take a risk on the speaker legacy level. @Becky I for one am looking forward to the new tiers. I'm sure there are several others just doing the same. <url>"o")ing it. @AdvanceStrat Thanks for your comments! Yeah I used to know a youth pastor who was a big fan of M:tG and sometimes played it with the youth group at off-site events. He showed folks who questioned it his White cards and showed that you got to choose what sort of powers you used in the game. Founder is just fancy word for backer to my knowledge Just found out about this project, and I'm trying to get a feel for exactly what is meant by founders. That just a fancy name for backer for this project, or is that for specific reward levels? Thought at first there was a founder level in the reward tiers, and upon not seeing it, I'm not sure what is meant by it exactly. As for the religious issues, personally I'm in that category of "religious conservative", and I don't have any problem with this at all. I'm more concerned about being able to find other people to play it, because it's obvious that it's all in fun, and that it's a far cry from advocating going out and joining a cult any more then D&D or Harry Potter would. You'll never be able to stop people that aren't willing to learn more about something before deciding on it, but personally it reminds me of when my sister first got into harry potter around when the movies were coming out. My dad had heard some iffy stuff about it before, and so he decided... he'd watch the movie himself the next time it was on tv and see if it was really what he'd heard or not. He ended up going to the theater with my sister to see the later movies in theaters when they came out, after deciding what he'd heard was overblown. +1 on that. But the forums would be a great place. @Jayce, agreed I don't see any positive result coming from a discussion of religious belief in these comments, personally. If anything it might turn off potential backers. Unless you are Evangelical..... Plenty of religious folks who are fine with gaming, though. I wouldn't worry about it pro or con. Gaming is mainstream enough nowadays that I don't see it being a big deal for us. While I don't think we should go out of our way to draw the hate of religious conservatives, the reality is that the ones likely to be upset by the game wouldn't be playing anyways. Trying to avoid running afoul of bigots isn't really something that's worthwhile in the long run. Just keep that counter rolling! Yeah, that was me for wired. WOO HOO! Go ST. @JD Hunter, So what would you name the Saturday Morning Anime Cartoon? @Matthew Keadle Let me know if you hear back, I would love to store closest to me on the list. Voice recognition for anything complex will just produce angst "As bad as D&D and Magic got pegged as demonic practices back in the day, this seems like a juicy target for some church controversy "New game has you speaking in a demonic language, summoning demons from the great abyss" Not sure why it even matters, personally. Sure, some will reject it, but doing so in a knee-jerk and vocal way will only make more people want to play it. That's an immutable law of the human way. Does a game center need to contact you in order to get the free copy? I just want to do everything I can to make sure my local game center gets one. Wooo! Push to 120K! There's always religion. As bad as D&D and Magic got pegged as demonic practices back in the day, this seems like a juicy target for some church controversy "New game has you speaking in a demonic language, summoning demons from the great abyss" >_< it seems like a funny joke but if this gets popular enough, you know something like this will happen. But on another note, voice reconition applications could make this very interesting, a couple ideas: Spell timer 3.0, digital timer that can reconize correctly cast spells and will announce what the actual spell cast was "Level 1 spell: Finger of Death, succesful Casting!" or something like that.. an update to Siri so you can practice with yourself: "[Me] Siri, what is the correct way to cast flaming strike, level 2? [Siri] The correct invocation for flaming strike is (insert invocation here) a 3DS game that uses the AR to show active effects on the field and the mic to cast spells. now just to get an anime company to make a show about this and get it on the air for saturday morning ^_^ Keep up the great work! Wired? Are you kidding me?? *blink* That's amazingly good coverage! G+'d and Tweeted it. Will also be sending it out to friends and local Game Centers. Ah, I think Gunnar's got the right idea, putting Serpent's Tongue under <url>~3-5 more backers, but that pales compared to a wired blurb :) @Gunnar, that's amazing! Congrats! We're on Wired! <url>"place to store extra cards"...got it...I was thinking it was some new book of lore and whatnots. Look for his comment from `11 hours ago compendium??? I think someone let something slip...and I for one am curious to know more. Christopher mentioned that they are still exploring storage options and how they will fit in to the stretch goals Yes..Compendium??? Oh, do tell! What compendium? Any word on shipping to Asia? And we're at 700 backers! Niiice. Sure brings new meaning to the term "700 club" eh? Hey, I have a question about the founder's codex. I won't be able to up my pledge during at all so what I want to know is will it be possible to paypal the ten dollars to you sometime after the kickstarter ends? That's really awesome news, thank you very much Brian! I'll hopefully be increasing my pledge when I see these new numbers :) Hey good job everyone, because of the amount of support we were able to get a much better deal on shipping for Europe! We will get then numbers posted a little later today, sorry it took so long, I'm just glad that we can bring down the price, we have lot of people waiting for these rates in order to pledge. Thanks again for the support and the patience! Yeah, I think I'm going to preemptively upgrade my pledge. Always good to help. And I do have a friend who seems interested from my descriptions of the game. Hopefully I can get her to actually look at the kickstarter and pledge in the next few days. If you do the math, we need roughly 320 people to pledge at the current average pledge amount to hit 140k. So if we got to 1000 backers that would pretty mich get us there without a ton of new gamecenters jumpping in. I don't think we need a lot of gameshops to hit 120 -- and if we hit 120 I think there's enough people that might up their pledge pre-emptively to order the upgraded codices that 140 is reachable. (We were at near 1700 codices last night. if a quarter of them want the upgrade, that's 4250 or a roughly a quarter of the way to the 140.... Better goal IMO is aiming to get to 1000+ backers. Talk it up to your friends, trying to get apprentices and higher is very useful. Just had to re-post this awesome comment from Aaron G. over on the BGG forums. The thread this is posted in (<url>"a few zealots will ruin ST for everyone", but in my opinion many the concerns expressed within are zealot-like in their perspective and damning of those who would immerse themselves in ST as an experience and not simply a game. Apparently, it's supposed to be "just a game" and that's the way we should all see it? Bah! Thank you Aaron for posting this most excellent response! What a great thread. It is absolutely fascinating to listen to this discussion. Here are a few of my thoughts: All of the things that have been brought up as concerns, I actually see as validation of our Serpent's Tongue Vision Statement: <url>"too far". I think that line will be different for everyone. Asking someone to sit down and study Level 2 incantations might end up being "too far" for many people. That's fine, the game is a blast at Level 1. This game is an open platform. It will be used in ways that we haven't even envisioned yet. It will be played solo, in teams, as an RPG. Some people will just want to learn the language. Some people will just want to own the most beautiful set of 4x6 cards they have ever seen. There isn't just one way to enjoy the Serpent's Tongue experience, and I hope everyone is tolerant of those that enjoy it differently than they do. I hope other players will be tolerant of the Level 3 Mage in flowing robes that stands up and loudly calls down destruction on his opponents in perfect Serpent's Tongue. (Personally I think that would be awesome to see) Great discussion. Just the fact that this discussion is happening feels like success. Thanks for all the constructive feedback. We are listening! Aaron Gabrielson Son of Gabriel 2 Project Manager Serpent's Tongue I don't remember this being answered anywhere: Why is it that the Sacred Font (and Plus) have 15, 15, and... 10 of the KS stuff? Why not 15 of everything? True. The more shops who back the project, the quicker the market share expands as the shops have a semi-captive regular audience. Hitting that 140k would require alot of gameshop level commitments. We gotta start pimping this out to the local shops. especially the ones that actually have a weekly new game night or events like that I think Christopher had answered in the Q&A that it was an additional. Which surprised me. Either way, it is a win-win proposition! I had thought it would be an upgraded codex to replace core ones .. I mean, another whole codex for $10? The game WILL blow the socks off M:TG, but I don't think they can give away deluxe codices practically for free ... "In addition does it replace one of the codices you get with your pledge or is it an additional codex?" I would think that these will be offered in addition to the standard Codices in the player sets. I know I will get a couple! Keep the pledges coming in! This game will absolutely blow the socks off of M:TG. Three more backers to reach 700! Wonder if we can find another 300 or so after that :) Buckles on the Founder's codex similar to the box art for Serpent's Tongue would be cool IMO. So if the Founder's codex goal is reached people can then pay to get one after the fact, or should the pledge be upped by $10 now. In addition does it replace one of the codices you get with your pledge or is it an additional codex? @christopher Glad you like the glowing rune idea for either founder (or later enhanced codices). When exploring storage tome options some thoughts I've been having: If the Codex is the Magi's daily/battle spellbook, then we may also want a travelling spellbook. Something that is designed to be "light" and sparse on "details" with maybe a few pages for notes (recording duels, or interested incantations/specializations encountered) -- this would be most like a normal 4x6 photo album. Just a thematic cover, and normal protective pages Then we also have the "Research Library" books: This is the more collectors edition stuff, more like a stamp album -- incantations have a specific place, text on the facing page. So much longer, maybe only 1-2 incantations per page (rather than 8? in the travel version) Could also have Famous Magi Codices (designed for challenge encounters/special campaigns/etc, where you play as/with the spells a famous Magi was known for without customizing it). And I still like the idea of a box/chest for pure/efficient bulk storage -- especially for people who end up with a lot of duplicates, even after populating a set of collectors cards. I did Zombiside too. I didn't go for all of the "extras" but if ST does something like that it may help people customize their pledge to their liking--especially if these are going to be items that will be available after KS. For example, I'd like to see different colored focus gems: Perhaps a random one in each starter, but ALL of them are for sale/point trade on the website--and certainly offer them all NOW. Yes! We hit the $95k goal. I love the idea of Game Centers and Game Reviewers getting Core sets. Onward! Especially if you can tag locations and people relative to the Magi Community...or hmmm Magi Nation? Augmented Reality? That sounds fantastic! Using Geocaching tech via augmented reality (AR) would really be a wonderful way of interacting with the Currents of Magic within the world of ST. Master Magi Rodger Addendum: It seems that after input from backers, the previous possible 100K stretch goal was replaced by the current 95K goal, which IS Tier 7. There had been talk of a 100K stretch goal, but I haven't heard anything concrete. So just to confirm 95k Milestone is still Tier 7 right? or do we have a stealth tier some where between here and 120? Big congratulations on $95k. So glad they will have copies to send to game centers and reviewers. Sounds awesome if well-done, but might throw off the price. Hmm random, probably bad idea....but.... low power led and battery in founders codex for glowing runes? @Eric, I think that goes through preorders until final shipment. 140k? Yikes... I dunno guys we've already pulled off some miracles but that's a big number that's the spirit Jayce !!! The meek shall fail, cower and tell tales of horrors they seen!! So, if we hit 140k, we have the option to purchase the Founder's Codex for an additional $10? That's awesome. I'm going to buy 5 of them if that's the case. While Zombicide's approach helped increase their totals, I think it started to annoy backers -- since you had to keep upping your pledge to get a complete set. I much rather see attempts to grow the gamer base Ah, that sounds perfect, the 80K stretch goal does say that INITIATES now receive all exclusive Kickstarter cards. That would be the exact add-on I am looking for. @Hunter Warburton I increased my pledge by $44 to include 4 Initiate-level signed codices (which also includes all the Kickstarter rewards through stretch rewards). If they include the Founder codex at tenbux, I'll leave it there and switch over. I was a backer of Zombicide last week, and they had a whole smorgasboard of extras that one could pledge more $ for. It really helped up their campaign, I would like to see here an option to pay a little more to get another set of the Kickstarter exclusive cards. If one pledges as a magi cabal or a Speaker with two Master Players, they will need more of those cards to let everyone play what they want! @Magi of Breath: That is an amazing idea, and I really hope they do something like that. @Magi of Breath, I agree that's what I'd like to see-- fancy artwork, maybe a different name, but same power as a standardly available canon/obscura card I will ride a burro across the desert to get a key incantation from a hollowed out saguero cactus. And then destroy you alllll! @Magi of Breath That does sound cool. Or even as far as a version of an incantation that has one less syllable to cast. I think most of us are just worried about there being a spell of our dreams out there and we can never get it because we can't fly to the grand canyon on a whim. @Magi of Breath Now THAT is a good idea. I really hope this is the way they're leaning. So much effort has been made to prevent MtG-style moneysinking that I really doubt the intent is what you seem to fear. What I would think is really cool and worth the extra effort is special versions of existing cards. Different artwork, signed cards, things of that nature that would be really incredible to have but won't have any actual effect on gameplay. What do you think of that? Yes, I am thinking that it what they meant by allowing us to get them for materials/production costs. Just as a +$10 extra on any pledge I believe. Thanks Jayce, there is hope for the search being something really worthwhile, only time will tell. I am excited about the Founder's only Codex! It seems that it will require an additional $10 to one's pledge, maybe? Good point, Jayce. Yep. Must be something else. I'm going to bed :) I'd support it if it wasn't exclusives. Maybe if it was like a bunch of the higher-tier cards, but not something that only a select few people will get. I suspect they may be being coy here, I'd wait for more details. Remember that Game Centers are going to be Sacred Sites / Places of Power, too. Especially since the Sons would hardly have money to just fly all over the country and seed cards in weird caches all over the place! :D Perhaps they won't actually get the card there, but rather a code that remains for the next person or people? But if it is ultra exclusive, then not everyone can find it anyway ... so that wouldn't work, either The search would be really fun for the one person who manages to get the card, but then the couple dozen other people who show up and can't find it will be really disappointed. I don't like the idea of geocaching ultra exclusives. Really, exclusive cards in general that aren't at least available to the bulk of founders is something I don't want to see. And even that makes me a tad uncomfortable. Having to spend money to travel after having discovered a clue isn't something I can support. @gbreden You have a valid point, but I don't think in this case that "exclusive" equals "Black Lotus". I would imagine the cards will be different, and have a power all their own, but not necessarily an "I win" button. Yes, must wait for more info. But it is worrying ... The "Search for Power" sounds kind of like Geocaching. I do wonder how exactly they will go about hiding the cards, because it will favor those in close proximity to the hidden cards. Can't wait for more info. Sorry but I thought a selling point of the game was that -- unlike M:TG, spending money didn't equate to better cards, etc. ... since you could always use Avak'Shar to get any card you needed. If I need to buy a plane ticket to go pick up an ultra exclusive card, that puts me right back in the same M:TG boat, doesn't it? Wow, those are some serious stretch goals....I really hope we get a huge influx of NEW backers to help get us there! I'm very excited about the hidden cards in Sacred Sites, as well as the Founder's Codex and Specialization. And so far the tidbits of info being whispered around to founders points to a really cool future for The Search for Power. It just keeps getting better! I'm soooo tempted to raise my pledge even more...can't wait to see what the new pledge levels are (and hoping there's one that makes upgrading irresistible). Actual cards hidden at actual locations is a cool idea, but it certainly favors not only those that do the research but those that have the money to go wherever to get them ... ? AGH. Why must the Sons of Gabriel taunt us so? Intriguing stuff! Looking forward to more details tomorrow! I'm staying on it with an eye for new pledge tiers, but that Founder's Codex made me feel giddy inside. Yeah, see you tomorrow. Off to 140k I guess. Quick everyone raise their donation 68.55 dollars. yeah, guess we get to do this again tomorrow... See you there! Founder's specialization? Awesome! Actual cards hidden at Sacred Sites? Does that mean we have to travel around the world to get them?? Agh! You mean I haunted my computer all day and no new pledge tiers??? Agh! Yay, update #7. Oh, we still have to wait for the new set of pledge tiers, though... For the time being, I'm basically not backing anything else. I'll probably get some RMB converted after my vacation and send it home with my parents when they visit, but it's quite difficult to convert money if you're not willing to use an illegal gold cow to do the conversion. @LS Thomas Yeah I was going to just wait but got caught up in the excitement of the final days. Really wasn't sure they were going to make it. I was considering backing Starlight, but I had to back out as it's not easy to get USD here in China and the cost of wiring it back to the US to put on my CC is quite high. I'll probably buy a finished copy though eventually. Whew! That was something. We just participated in a last minute sprint with 3678 other people! Yeah, what a photo finish over there... Still hoping some trolls don't back out at the last minute since its so close... Wow KS can be exciting. Starlight Inception (space combat video game) just made its funding goal with minutes to spare! I've been following it since early on but it went very slowly for a long time. Very fun to see people get a chance to create and share! @Eric, I didn't see that, you probably posted after I went to bed last night. But yeah, 1700 is impressive. But there's also the concern of spread, having so many of them going to gaming cities may or may not allow for as much spread as if they were going more broadly. impressive info, Eric! I'm excited to see this fly! Not sure if you saw my post earlier today, but a quick estimate suggested about ~1700 codex across all the pledges so far. (Assuming Speakers went double player). That's beginning to get to a good critical mass. And with so many people pledging at levels that support 4+ player games I suspect we'll be able to introduce lots of people to the game shortly after launch Keep it coming!!!! )8^D @Eric, that's worth celebrating. I think it's a good bet that we'll make the stretch goals, at least the next one, but we need as many members as we can get. It's hard to say how many we need to reach critical mass. A new Sacred just pledged! Welcome! Right now we're trending to $105k, so it's definitely possible that we'll hit $120k before we finish here. Perhaps for $125k we can all get hats to attach to our cards. Yes -- if it meant 'cheap international shipping', that would be classic! That truly made me laugh out loud. @Eric that would pretty much make my month @Hunter it would be rather funny if that were "cheap international shipping" @Eric Perhaps ‘ud mugu gilemzu bašibad’? I bet if we finish translating these things <url>"summon figures from Brian?" My school once made a recycled boat that actually was floated with ping pong balls ... .worked great Sigh, I have enough interrupting ping-pong balls to float a boat; that update will never get here! How can we get ST to be 'The Hotness' on BGG? If all the backers went there are looked it up, would that do it? Indeed we did Master Kato! We broke our record! AGAIN! The Universe shows us everything we just need to learn to SEE. :) 666 backers ftw! Quickly join with me to summon update 7 from the bowels of hell! Sean Decker begins ST with some serious portent ... @Voidwalker LOL good point! :P @Christopher Gabrielson: Those figures you are waiting for must have had interrupt cast on them repeatedly. @Hunter Warburton: Put away those ping pong balls! Noooo! @Ervkar: Not the taser, anything but the taser... Now you did it. The figures are stunned and they can't get up. This update is never going to get here. :( Bwahahahahaha! 666 backers Someone had to point it out At end of last update..."Update # 7 scheduled for tomorrow! Finalized Stretch Rewards, New Pledge Tiers, info on the Post-Campaign World & more" So I'd say yes too! :D gbreden I'd take a WAG at it and say yes Will new stretch rewards come packaged with new pledge levels? Or do we know about that? Thanks! I guess my absurd guesses weren't horribly far from the equally absurd truth. Any one else interested in a little forbidden knowledge <url>"Ervkar": You were gone too long, I couldn't stand not knowing. @david LOL! Toast Anyone who is Seditious, Evil, or Rioting Thank the Almighty Sometimes Equipment's Reliable Where did Eric "Ervkar" go? I'm going to google it... Try Another Super Engineered Raygun? Tame Anarchists Safely. Electrically Reprogram? @Eric I give up ... unless it's 'Thank me that this isn't a l-ASER' Wow, some of you guys are just evil :P I have to be up by 3am (Eastern), but I know I won't fall asleep until this promised info is released. Or how about a laser pointer flash in the eyes... nothing like burning out your retinas to interrupt a spell! Pop quiz, what does Taser stand for and what is it referring to? No googling now! Lol! I love the 'Ultimate Taser Ball' video ... brilliant @gbreden : My friends say they are gamers. ;) @Hunter why not throw the stones? Nothing like a rock to the face to say "Oi! Wait just a second!" hmmm Interrupt tasers! Like Ultimate Taser Ball my new favorite sport. @DennisP somewhat same boat here. but hey. it's something I'm interested in, so I'm going for it. hoping for a good outcome in the long run~. @Hunter lol love the idea! and glad you got your friends on the boat :P or interrupt air-horns ... @DennisP: You know it's a good game when it makes you reevaluate your friendships even before you start playing it @gbreden: With interrupt joybuzzers, I fear nobody would ever get to cast a spell! not interrupt joybuzzers? A selling point for my friends is the "Interrupt Stone." We are replacing them with Interrupt ping-pong balls so we can throw them at each other when we want to cast an interrupt. @DennisP are your friends gamers? I'm trying to get my Friends interested but it seems to be a hard sell. I am beginning to wonder about my friends. If the first one is 4 ... maybe future ones could go higher? Really? I thought it was 4 for the coop. Although I haven't seen anything that will stop you at that number. You can go all the way to 8. will the co-op games only support 2-4? or can we co-op with a full complement of 8? Nearly $92,000 and we don't even know what the tier entails/ Yeah really, I think if we all automate it we might crash the server. >,< There is a certain satisfaction of .. How about now? ..No .. Now? oh well... NOW? *tee hee* I'm old school... I like to do it manually. :D I have only recently discovered this project, bit I am really excited by the possibilities. I have a restaurant that runs weekly game nights, and I have a feeling this will be a huge hit with my gamers! Try this <url>"Ervkar": Lol. Well, just the other day I was saying to the Pope, hey, you know that old Spear of Destiny you've got lying around... *ahem* Point taken. @Ervkar Damn right we're METAL! Anybody else been checking the page all day waiting to see what the new pledge levels would be? Woooo! My gratitude Titus. Well, $700K+ was on top. Ew boy. Maybe if we each tell 5 friends tonight to check out this Kickstarter Project, and they tell 5 friends, who tells 5 more friends, to tell another 5 friends... @Becky nabbing a Prodigy slot is about on par with the Pope delivering a piece of the Shroud of Turin and the Spear of Destiny to your door via Pope-mobile cause you seem like a nice person lol. Loving our epic KS victory, we're hitting potential stretch goal points before the Brothers Gabrielson can even get updates posted. This means one thing ladies and gentlemen. We're goddamn metal. Well according to KickTraq we're projected to cross $100k by the end of the campaign, which is AMAZING. =D Crux, that is... @Cruz, <url>"who's online" app reached from the bottom widget @MM Toastar: Sorry for the bad luck of your ex-backing partner. But the first thing I did on reading your post, was scroll down to see if a Prodigy level had opened up! No such luck for me. But we Masters still get plenty of cards for now. Just not for life. @longbeach: I went over to the website, but I can't find the map app. Where is it? glad it was a quick fix! Yeah sorry guys made a few SQL fixes and the reverse proxy had a short heartattack. All should be okay now, though you might see a little bit of site lag while it recaches stuff. I wanted to apologize publicly for having to lower my pledge *sad, frowny face*....family emergency caused my backing partner to pull out, and I can only pledge master level or my wife will find my codex, and probably set it afire. I tried to wait till it wouldn't affect a goal! Cheers, and can't wait to play! I <3 Tongue (btw I want a shirt that says that) Gunnar must have been battling evil forces nevermind it came back :) THE SITE IS DOWN! *runs around screaming* The website is down :( @ Becky, head over to the website, they have a map app that will show you there are Magi in your midst - best to be prepared with all the spells you can learn 8) 501% pledged Thanks to Extra hours at work this week I upped my Pledge to Master-Player. It's not much of a Jump but it is something. @PS Jayce Pentad: That's a good idea, and I have thought about it, but I presently don't even have 4 people to play with, only a very reluctant husband. :( I am trying to segueway us into more board, card and tabletop games, but he prefers video games. Hopefully he will have fun once we get started, but 6 inscription cases would be a lot for just the 2 of us. @Becky If you do Legacy Speaker you can choose 2 Core Sets and 6 Inscription Cases to the best of my understanding. It's worded a bit oddly but I am fairly confident based on the other Speaker levels and Master levels. That way you end up with enough for 4 players, tons of Inscriptions plus the Line for Life. @LS Techgnostik: Today? Oooooh! Guess I'm going to stick around for a bit, because if they add that tier, it will likely be limited. To our newer backers, please head on over to the forums and join the community discussion. We're all excited to see where this adventure will take us and we'd love to have you along for the ride. <url>"someone stop me from posted"...yeah, they should... :p thoses? wow... someone stop me from posted 5 minutes after I wake up. lol @ thoses fez's :) I want one too Informed Rick (who told Aaron, the owner) over at Noble Knight about this...asked him to check it out and if he isn't going to pledge to at least ensure he stocks it. I do a lot of trading for credit there and would love to be able to continue my collection through them in the future. @Titus I'm not so interested in most of what you're offering, but I'm WAAAY interested in Tales of the Arabian Nights....contact me on the official ST forums about that one if you want to sell it separately. @Lindsley Wish there was a like button. Love the Fez sight. Expensive but fun! Oh man I want a Fez with the Serpent's Tongue logo on it: <url>#9115124 Nearly at 500% percent funding. @Teamski I hope there will be too (not that I'd drop my pledge now), but it seems like there is significant interest from all of us :) I'm hoping that there will be some pledge levels added between Speaker and Font. That would possibly cause me to up my pledge.... Hmmm...some interesting irrational numbers: e = 2.71828182485904523536... Phi (Golden Ratio) = 1.61803398874989484820... Sqrt of 2 = 1.414213562373095048801... Hmmm...how about the imaginary i = Sqrt of -1 Whatever you do, please do not divide by zero. The universe might collapse. Well, now I'm a Speaker (I suppose that I'll need a real name now...); and I'm willing to deal with shipping as it comes, now and later. I could see doing Eternal myself, especially if ST thinks about using my school as a base of operations for their take-over of Japan and the rest of Asia. I don't think it would be hard to appeal to my fellow BGGers in Japan to get their ST fix from a local source, especially if ST can convince their manufacturer to simply send product from the factory (saving a shipping step). I know for a fact that the Second Eternal Pledge is a group of six (including myself and Michael), and the Third is a group of two, I believe (Michael again, and one of his friends). Sorry, guys! Hmm, you're right, I was the fifth eternal pledge, but some of the earlier pledges were cabals... so I have no idea of my actual ordinal. @Eternal Nielsen...I was hoping to think of myself as the fourth eternal. I believe there might be a few more eternals than three before us. Not that it matters, eternal has no beginning nor end, right? I personally would like to be eternal number 3.14159265358979323846... As a matter of fact, maybe all eternals would be interested in selecting an eternal number as their own...such as e, 1/pi, etc...I hereby call dibs on pi. Plus I think the line for life option is amazing (even if you are overseas, I think, and the shipping will be an issue). I started off at Magi and quickly upped to Legacy Speaker, myself. Of course I've gotten in even deeper (the fifth Eternal) -- but I might end up dropping my requested reward back to just Legacy Speaker while leaving the pledge high. I don't need that many copies :), but and very inspired by the concept and want to back it as much as my situation allows. @Eric Nielsen: Thank you for letting me know. I'm upping my pledge now. I am worried about game speed (from the vid, a 4-player game looks about right, and I'd rather have 2 4-player games running once people start to get their legs under them). As for culling, I'm not at all into cherry picking and not really worried at all about the CCG aspect of ST. Call me burned out on M:tG. I'm totally looking at making this as rich an experience for my students as possible. @ (@_@) If you want to support large games I think the two Master Player option is the way to go. 8 player is the max they've been discussing so far, so 8 Codices are all you need. And you'll still have plenty of inscription packs (especially if your worried about culling some special cards for yourself) And you'll still get a ton of Avak'Shah to fill in any missing pieces. @Speaker Thomas, 800 backers, that sounds low to me, I'm hoping thinking that a round 1000 would be nice and possible at the current rate... if we all promote in intelligent ways Alrighty, I've been testing the waters for ST with my students (they work hard to learn English, so I was leery of doing ANOTHER language with them), and my adult classes are thankfully interested (big, group games are always popular). Now, some math (and this may have been answered, but it never hurts to go over stuff again): If I got Speaker Legacy, I'd get my choice of the Master sets. So, if I got Master Player x2, then I'd get 8 Spell Codexes, correct? As opposed to Master Player x1 and Master Collector x1, then I'd get 6 Spell Codexes. Finally, getting Master Collector x2, I'd get 4 Spell Codexes... I hope we hit $120k, but I'm more interested right now in seeing if we can hit 800 backers before it ends. Agreed Speaker Jayce, it is VERY cool of them to continue tallying totals for the stretch goals even after the KS ends for all pre-orders. Here's to hoping we hit them all before the KS even ends! It's more like 5.75 days, there tends to be a surge at the end of a KS, and they are going to continue counting after the KS -- adding preorders done through the site to the KS total to determine final stretch rewards. In the end it's all money after all! Pretty cool of them and totally not something they'd in any sense be obligated to do. So we have a darn good shot at the $120k goal whatever it is! I'm wondering what they could possibly have for $120k which would get people to pledge $32k in the next 4 days or so. Interested to see what those extra stretch tier rewards might be. They said it would be heavy... It will be close...... Here's hoping. -Ski Looks like we may just make $100k if things continue at this rate. Also, looking good for having at least 700 backers by the end of the campaign. 2.7kgs! That IS quite hefty! I can certainly see the problem with shipping internationally! Even with a reshipping service, you're looking at US$40, at least, just for ONE of those. And Masters and higher will certainly be paying more... I volunteer to be a center in Asia to have their manufacturer ship some of the print run(s) to. Seriously. ST can have free storage at my school and I'll be a shipping drone. Yes the current estimates for one set is 6 lbs. There are some general shipping estimates to Europe here: <url>"seed" the community. But yes, they are soliciting ideas for good stretch _rewards_ If you have suggestions post here and I'll repost if that forums is hard for you. Most people posting (myself included) keep posting large grandiose ideas that aren't practical really for a stretch goal. Be nice to see more small, but good ideas I think Behold the power of Update #6! I mostly keep up with KS projects via iPhone and iPad and the forums are very challenging on iPhone and so so on iPad. It's not a huge deal -- I posted in the thread -- but I can't easily browse it so I appreciate Eric commenting about it here. @Jayce Have to point out the irony. The mobile phone is limiting your involvement through communication during travel. And I feel your pain. Are mobile-friendly forums a possibility nowadays? I feel like the technology should be more advanced in this regard, but increasingly I'm finding forum chat posts a major problem for even my iPhone. Wow, I go to bed and now we're up over 600 backers. Perhaps we can stretch it to 700 before the campaign ends. I'm saddened at key dialogue with the creators migrating in advance of the end of the KS. The forums are not very mobile friendly so it dramatically limits my involvement due to work and travel for me. 90k should be a hard copy of the serpent's tongue. Two for Magi. Four for Cabal or higher. Better yet, why not just sign up for a name over at becomemagi.com and ask yourself. The forum over there will be around long after the kickstarter pages is gone. It's really easy to sign up and create an account, plus you may want to sign up and get your preferred screen name before someone else takes it! They've asked for our ideas for good rewards for a next stretch goal over on the becomemagi forums. If you have suggestions, get ye over there :) Or post ideas here and some of us can post them over for you You know, seven is a lucky number and a tier 7 stretch reward sounds mighty fine :D Yup. I'm so glad to see this game succeeding! I leave my PC for the weekend and we blow through three stretch goals. Way to go Garielson Brothers! Been gone a couple of days and now over 85k. They are really cooking with gas now. Hmm? The front page updated. All my three thumbs up for this: Themetic/Storage Tomes! Amazing idea! Yay!!! $85k! Awesome :D @Pentad...many thanks. I don't doubt they took me seriously but I am only one voice in the ether. I would love to see them jump on the bandwagon and be able to see this in play downtown later in the year. $85k! I'll hit up my friends in Vermont actually. I love Quarterstaff! I used to live in Montpelier and come up there a ton to play Warhammer 40k back in the day. Any and all Vermonters please contact Quarterstaff Games in Burlington and ask them to check this kickstarter out. I already did but the more requests they get, the more attention they'll pay. (and yes, I do appreciate the ridiculously low probability that there are many more Vermonters on this list) No more update? Everytime I look there's more and more numbers on the board, the Gabrielsons must be revising their update every couple of minutes "Ok so 85k stretch reward..." "We can't" "Why?" "They're already there" "....damn" Man we are really rolling! I am sad I cannot access the main website from work. I cannot even check in on breaks....ah well se la vie. Soooo close A little bit more to 85k... ST is about to become the 6th most backed boardgame in KS history.... <url>#600! Love the tomes for extra non-codex cards idea...especially if the flavor text and art in the tome corresponds to the card that is store in each respective pocket. Some other random things I've been pondering: 1) I liked how someone (think it was Christopher) had commented that the game is already very mobile and that it almost doesn't need a table/floor for play. Was wondering if more could be done to explore further removing some of the need for a flat surface. Got to thinking that some form of a either velcro or magnetic stole could be used for the willpower/resonance/essence chips -- ie a tassled scarf type thing where you could detach/reattach the counters. (Don't want it to be gimicky) Chips are probably better for 99% of the time, but... I also kinda like the notion of having to hold the focus stone rather than putting it somewhere (and if you drop it, you've lost focus), etc Not sure how to deal with the actual placement of the cards or the ready stones. (But the mobile aspect is why I didn't find one of the other commentors comments about a playmat with positions for cast spells as interesting.) 2) Themetic/Storage Tomes. I know there's been several threads about how to store the extra incantations -- the ones not in the codex. And while there's been some talk of using standard 4x6 index card binders. I think it could be fun to see thematic tomes. IE larger versions of the codex, in-game universe. Either "blank" spell books, or famous grimoires (lends themselves to addition Inscriber like pledge rewards) and to collectability -- something like "So an so's Early Research on the Elements" with pre-arranged layout for where incations belong with more backstory, etc. Each card from the initial release could have a home in one or more of the tomes. (And plain blank tome can hold duplicates or be used by non-collectors) I hope $100k is reached. I think with enough people talking about it, this will happen. -Ski But that was several days ago. Any recent jump is due to something else That would be me I was halfway between as it was. I might still drop to a lower reward but leave the pledge high Did someone bump up from Sacred to Eternal? @stephen. Give them some time. I thought they posted earlier that they are finalizing some new details... I think they've been more successful, faster than they imagine. I respect that they are cautious about over promising out of enthusiasm. Also remember that they are several hours behind the east coast. I will agree that a simple update rather than the comment here about their status would be easier for others to find @Stephen, despite the amount of money, this is still a pretty small group of people doing a ton of work behind the scenes. Poor Gunnar has bee working his fingers to the bone on the website. I'm guessing part of it has to do with all the work that goes into charting new tiers as I doubt they thought they'd need one to cover $100k. @John Lee Yes, Christopher has stated that you will be able to choose how your name goes into the game (they'll do it via the survey that goes out after the KS ends). Oh, and welcome! I am a tad worried that the stretch goals have been passes without any real communication (update) for days. For the cash this game is generating I find its a tad poor form. At this point we are going to blast through another stretch goal without it being posted. Backed without hesitation when all 5 KS specializations were offered to Adepts :]] Might be bit of a trite question, but will we be able to choose how our names will be written into the game? I know it's far off for me as an Adept backer, but I find my English name to be a bit generic... Ah excuse my egocentricism; just really pumped for this game and the chance to be a part of its history. @LS Thomas, don't worry it wasn't what I was thinking either... XD I had a bunch of silly incantations and then that turned into just drawing funny things on the cards... And then my brain went ADD on me and that idea popped up! Now I shall go to bed... G'night fellow Magi! Will there be any more stretch rewards? Updated the kickstarter rewards page on the website. Also updated formatting and added Kilogram weights to group shipping page. More page, structure, and content updates coming soon! @PM Cetus, now that you mention that would be a cool idea. Not what I was going for initially, but it could be cool to have a record like that. @LS Thomas, that would actually be a pretty cool idea... Sort of as a way to keep track of who you've dueled type thing? Take one with you to a tournament or con and after the match, win or lose, you could sign each others card (real sig or Magi name) and keep it as a souvenir to show your cabal who you met. I think I found the answer. Inscription packs will have 10-12 cards. If there are 288 in a case, then at 12 cards per pack that is 24 packs. If it were only 10, then there couldn't be 288 in a case. how many inscription packs are there in a case, anyway? @Christopher, that mostly works, just not in China. But, Gunnar knows about it and it's not fixable. Since we have a small community, will there be a map on the site that we can all register on? It would be great to see where all the Magi reside so if one took a road trip... maybe a smartphone app that's location based? Magi Finder?? Detect Magic? Thanks Chris! Keep up the great work! 8^) @Christopher, at this point I'm more interested in seeing how many people we can get by the end of the campaign. It would be nice to break 700, even if that's a lofty goal. @Derron, it was a joke, it's literally cards without any actual incantation written on them, so we can fill them out ourselves. Not something that would be useful for anything other than novelty. OTOH, having a card that's not usable for play doesn't mean that it wouldn't be a nice collector's item. LS Thomas, what do you mean blank incantation cards? I've thought about the mat. It might also be nice to have a tote, although that would be more involved and probably ought to be something that's available after launch. What we really need is blank incantation cards to fill in. Actually the mat idea is cool too! RPG supplement would the pinnacle of awesome. Please do this Site is down for a little bit while I fix some things. :) [Boxed_Stuff] <-- Take one Monday?!?! Outrageous! I demand stuff! Because reasons! So I heard a rumor that new stretch goal on monday. remember only a rumor. Awesome stretch reward idea: RPG supplement released free to all backers when it comes out. That would make my day~ Definitely hoping for a discount on International shipping... Been wanting to up to Magi, but its a mite prohibitive. 8( It may be time again to ritually cast an Invocation of Gabriel... discount for shipping that is Hopefully they can announce something about a discount for international pledgers, and a next stretch ^^. woohoo got the 75k art upgrade! @Steven de la marche: Thanks! Rejoice I must, for there is no going back once you have pledged to learn the ways of the magi. ;) @master Becky: nice testimony! Welcome ! And rest assured , you wil soon rejoice in its power and be glad that you have answered its call. Don't feel too bad about missing it. I was on when it was added, and it was available for something like half an hour. You pretty much had to be checking the page right then if you wanted it. Last night I woke up to see a shimmering blue orb hovering over my bed. I screamed and backed away from it, but it rapidly expanded and engulfed me. In a flash, the pulsing energy seared strange pathways in my brain and limbs. . The orb released me onto a barren rock strewn plain. Radiating out from the spot in which I stood, were energetic ley lines in luminiscent colours. My legs buckled underneath me. The last thing I remember, as consciousness began to fade, was an echoing voice intoning "Serpent's Tongue - become power" over and over again. . This morning I found that I had mysteriously pledged myself to the Master level. Yet another mortal who has been unable to resist the siren call of Serpent's Tongue. Oh my, I'm away for a few day and we boosted up to80k... amazing... I think I'll leave for another few days and we'll reach 10k for sure.... Actually sad I missed the inscriber upgrade though :-( Sooo, next stretch rewards? I'm excited to find out what they'll be! :D $80K -- nice work folks! Woke up and the first thing I checked was here - glad to see we crested eighty thousand! Oh man, almost $80,500? This is awesome. I can't wait to play this game! Since we reached the 80K reward goal what is the "And possibly more?" @Titus: pledge for the full amount, select the most expensive of the rewards you want, and explain in the post-ks survey when that comes out. Anyone know how to get 2 things for 1 pledge (i.e. $210 for the $85 & $125 things?) That option would also be good for both the affordability and profitability of inscription packs. There was a discussion about magnetic cards on the forum, and it looks like a lot of people didn't like the magnetic cards (myself included; they seem like they'd be hard to work with). There were suggestions that instead a later release that consists of a magnetic codex and a set of 33 magnetic sleeves for your cards might be better. That way, the people who like it can have it and the people who don't want it aren't stuck with it. magnetic cards are nifty, but sound like too much trouble to me. Not staying put, wearing out, sticking or repelling undesirably, adding weight, adding cost to all future card purchases ... I can't really get behind that idea yet. Maybe all my misgivings are unfounded, but for now I'm thinking there are better stretch goals out there ...? Wasn't it $100K where they might do magnetic cards? That would be freaking amazing... Cruising past the goals set...love to see us moving on up in backers and funding! Welcome all new Magi. Please Help! I registered with the user name connectink and reset my password but it still won't let me log in. Is it a error with the website? I am not allowed to re-register but I really want to be in the community Watching the vid, the placement of the cards might be aided with a mat of some kind. Rituals go somewhere while shields go elsewhere. While I don't think there are SO many spells flying around, the cards that have an enduring effect (both to self and THEN to others) could get quite crazy and an aid to help remember them could be helpful. If you get your artist(s) to design one, I'd be willing to go to Artscow to get it made (<url>’Shar ranks work. The broad information is the best. Leave the specifics to the people with questions. I have a post about me answering questions on the store page. Please post any information as comments on that post to keep it consolidated. Here is the page: <url>#!/pages/Anime-Games-Central/191828024878 Wooohoo! We hit the $75k stretch. This one was important for me personally because I really, really wanted to see the full art upgrade done. Not to mention the Founders pins are going to be stellar. And wow, 538 backers! HAHA.. I think it's time to think about new sketch goal as 80k will be reached soon... @Speaker Pentad, You didn't say nothing bout no plane Pentad! Excellent work all! I have no doubt that we've come this far based on all of us spreading the word about the words as it were. Let's keep that street team action going and get the word out for this fantastic game! Tier 6 is well within our grasp Magi and for collector nuts/people who appreciate the incredible art on these cards/people who are looking forward to crushing their enemies in a wide variety of ways (like say myself on all counts) I think this one's the big prize for us all. ALL the KS exclusive cards? Yes please, as time goes on and the few hundred founders become a very few in a sea of players having those cards in hand will be something to show to others... then crush them with of course. Heh from the start that was my personal dilemma, the Magi level was perfect for me in terms of cost and getting what I wanted to kick the game off with properly... except all the KS specializations. Bulwark and Golemgineer are beastly specs (more the former to my strategic thinking but I shan't reveal my combat strategies ;) ) while the other two are A. powerful, if not as appealing to my mind, but B. Gorgeous pieces of artwork. I'd put Flame Sculptor on a poster! @Magi Face I love it when a plan comes together. ;) @PS Jayce Pentad: I feel like a member of the A-Team then. Or ST-Team (^_-)v. Tier 6 is artfully done, with all lower pledge levels upgraded to what Master got before and Master getting a new card! I love it when everyone benefits. Not far from that one at all! (@_@), thanks for the thoughtful comments and discussion! Henceforward I will refer to you as Magi Face. $75k! WOOHOO! *happy dance* I am pretty psyched to see that we're over $75k now, which feels like the "Ultimate Edition" of the game with full art upgrades, timer, more cards, Avak'shar ranks, pins, signed Codexes... Amazing. I can only imagine what the Sons are feeling through all this though they have remained pretty professional through it all. My own feelings are already somewhat proprietary toward the project and I'm just someone who stumbled onto it, thought it looked cool, and got sucked in. So congratulations to the Gabrielsons on all this awesome. With 8 days still to take it over the edge! I spent a bit of time today getting more people interested in ST. I'm glad all our spreading of the word is paying off! =D Woot!! I must ask in anticipation of some hefty shipping fees: Any projections on how shipping will be discounted for us Europeans? ~GTG~ We did it!! @LS Toastar, good for you. Every bit counts, but I think that the high end rewards are quite nice. We're trending towards $94k now, it would be nice to have 600 or more backers before the campaign ends. Upgraded myself today....I can't tell you all how excited this game has made me. Keep up the good work! Here's to 80k! $75k exactly, next stop $80k and beyond. I only wish I had more money to contribute to this dream. Congratulations Magi. Now, $5,000 more to reach the ultimate goal....I feel us all getting stronger. And we thirst for more. Outstanding! Keep it rolling. -Ski Ooh, 75k. Excellent. I knew today would pick up a lot in the last few hours. That seems to be the trend. :) @Aaron many thanks! @AaronGabrielson: I'm currently reading (and watching) everything over at becomemagi.com, and enjoying everything. One one hand, I'm very excited to know that the final shape of ST is solidifying thanks to the imput of backers and additions to the team. As a longtime gamer that's done plenty of playtesting, I'm a bit worried now that these changes are occuring during the campaign (!). Still, ST really looks like a game system that has language as its solid core, with more advanced mechanics (mudras? Did I read that right?) for advanced players. It looks like a good game for all levels. In my mind, ST already made its (modest) goal of 18000, but with the 75000 it feels like its the game you dreamed of. I'm excited to be a part of that vision, and look forward to the final, full expression of the game world your family has opened up to the rest of us. I'm all for a little magic. @Eric Nielsen, I forwarded your comments to Christopher and he is working on some ideas. He is going to contact you soon. @Aaron, I've been trying to get in touch with Christopher, but if you're the project manager you might be better -- I'm interested in upping my pledge level rather significantly, but wanted to have a brief discussion with someone on the project team. @Son of Gabriel 2 That was a well put and inspiring comment. I am enamored with the vision of this project! @Aaron, the more I hear from people involved on the dev side of the project, the more confident I am that my money is being entrusted to people who know what they're doing. Until I get the beta version to play with, I have to take it on faith, but it's taking less and less the more people that sign up and the more I hear about it. I'm not as active as I always have been, but just want to say I'm excited for this project beyond words! As the days grow closer to completion, I'm all giddy like a school girl and totally ready to begin not only learning this game all the way through out, but spreading the word and showing off test games at my local game store. :) To (@_@), some good comments. It does feel like the Kickstarter money figure is brought up often as the ultimate yard stick of progress. From behind the scenes where the Sons of Gabriel sit, it doesn't seem that way. We are in this for the long run, laying the foundation of something that we hope will change the world. Serpent's Tongue is going to be paradigm shift in what gamers think is possible. It will become much more than a game in the lives of thousands of people. Today, after careful consideration we brought on board a new member of our development team. Howard Fullmer is our new graphics design and layout expert. He is a professor of graphics design at Utah Valley University. Howard is an experienced professional and we have complete trust in his abilities. He will be building the final versions of the card interface and preparing the cards, manuals, and codex for printing. We have set the vision extremely high ( <url>#1 thing the Sons of Gabriel are worried about. Our #1 concern is delivering everything in our vision, a gaming experience that will break the fourth wall of reality, that will create a fantasy experience unlike anything before it. Aaron Gabrielson Son Of Gabriel 2 Serpent's Tongue Project Manager @MMKato: Every convocation needs a bookkeeper, otherwise no one gets lunch. No offense felt, and none intended. Please don't let me dampen your enthusiasm (And, I'M certainly looking forward to the achievement of the next stretch). @Eric Nielsen: I was VERY impressed by the timer stretch goal for ST. It was THAT stretch that firmed in my mind that I really should be a part of ST. Because of the ST fans, my impression is that the game has gotten not just a monetary boost, but a technical one (the addition of linguists). ST was probably as finished as it could be when it first came to Kickstarter, but I'm pretty sure that Kickstarter has changed it. In the case of the hand gestures, accelerated it (and this last, will there be enough playtesting? Of all the leaps, this one feels the most drastic--and not at all part of the original presentation of the game. And, on an off-note, I hope that the downloadable versions are printer friendly...). Indeed, I think ST has a very nice stride to it, a more honest progression. The ideas that founded it appeal. The (modest) stretch goals that it put forward do feel good. I'm looking foward to the remaining days with the project and certainly hope to swing a higher pledge. Well, I'm the one that does the majority of the counting. Sorry if it offended you. @ (@_@) The thing is, to me, stretch goals when done well, are a sign of a project that knows what they are doing. In the case of this project, they had a vision -- they knew what they needed to make the minimum version of their (now our) dream a reality. But they also had plans from the beginning as to how much it would cost to make it better -- better artwork, better timers, etc. Another project you commonly comment on had a similar set of initial goals -- but things there got a little off the rails once those were blown by. And the new stretch goals (or lack thereof) started to generate controversy and some backer fatigue. The presence of stretch goals, especially the ones here, tend to make me very confident in the team -- almost all the benefits are centered around one-time sunk costs for upgrading the game. (Whereas some of the rewards other places continually lower the per-unit profitability of the pledge) Now I''ll admit (of course not having seen the Codex in person) that I could be tempted special edition/designer/fancier versions as higher level backer (not stretch) rewards, or hearing some more ideas for upgrading the poker chip counters (I think they''ve said those aren't the production version either.) thanks john! I just freed up an inscribed spot for one of the more active members. Any takers? @O Zeiger: It's too much focusing about the money, I suppose. Money, money, money. Of course, the purpose of Kickstarter IS to get money. I sat on the fence in regards to Kickstarter for months before I decided to take the plunge. In the few short months that I have, it's been creepy how it has evolved. Stretch goals are becoming THE thing, especially in these game campaigns, and summon up images of carrots dangled before the horse. I'm not so naieve to think that things don't cost money, and more things cost more money, but when I do put my money in something, I like to know what I'm getting, I like to read up on what others are saying. And more and more I find it difficult to want to stick with Kickstarter as a venue to not just BUY games, but SUPPORT the PEOPLE behind the games. Because I don't see people. I see dollar signs. To (@_@) I think I understand what your saying. Though honestly this project has fit your "more adult" description for much of its history. It has gathered a strong committed following of backers who are into the dream. And the number of comments / number of backers was indicative of this. But, the KS comment page is limited in function so many (most?) of the core backers moved to the Board Game Geeks forum and now that the official forums are up we've moved deep discussions there. . I'm sorry you are getting a bad feel from viewing recent comments (I haven't been checking these comments for the past few days). But let me suggest reviewing the comments from the start of the campaign or wade into the official forums at www.becomemagi.com Game projects tend to have really interesting stretch rewards (since adding an interesting feature to a board or card game is far easier to spring for than adding an interesting feature to, say, a watch), which of course makes people pay more attention to the money count. Oh, it's not just that one comment. It's Kickstarter in general, and I suppose these "more juvenille" game-supporting Kickstarter projects in particular. If I look at the "more adult" offerings then the tone is just so much different: The excitement there feels more genuine, about people putting in money, yes, but more interested in the dream we're all making happen. For all these game projects, it's just sad that it's just a money-counting-count-down. Scroll through the comments... It makes me kind of ill. I browse the rest of Kickstarter to feel better about Kickstarter. I think that was just said because it's the most likely explanation for why the pledge number went down. It doesn't feel like enthusiasm when comments are made about the financial ability of backers. I'll take life without the guilt-trip. Yeah, I'm sure we'll wind up boosting that number nicely. I've noticed that a lot of pledges tend to happen later at night. I'm still hoping to get in touch with the Gabrielson's, wanting to ask about any alternate reward arrangements possible at the Font levels. @Sam, it's over $73k now, but that was a bit of a set back yesterday. We still have plenty of time to hit $80k and possibly $90k. I don't think it's fixation on money really, just enthusiasm for the project and hope that we will achieve some of the stretch goals that will improve both what we get in return for our support and also the quality of the finished product. One thing about Kickstarter, all this fixation about money is really creepy. It's opposite day haha. @Prodigy Speaker Pentad: Did it get back over 73K? I'm seeing 72,891. Seems someone is being indecisive or something. I may be adding a few hundred more in today. :) Very impressive that in a half day we've come back from a few reduced pledges already to back over $73k! Great growth! Climbing toward the 550 backers mark quickly, too. Can not wait to start playing! @Chistopher Gabrielson: Can you get in touch with me when you have a spare second (or rather, create a spare second)? :) $2,059 to go! Revolutionary. . . hooked right from the beginning !! @Gunnar: We greatly appreciate all the work you've already done. We know you are working your butt off. We can be patient. I'll post this one more time in case someone missed it: "So I talked to the owner of one of the local card shops in town about Serpent's Tongue and he said to post about it on the facebook page of the store and that if I got enough people interested that he would stock it. So now I'm asking all of you to please visit the store's facebook page and share information, pictures, links, etc. for the game. Feel free to mention the kickstarter and the reward levels for store owners. I would love to have Serpent's Tongue become a regular gaming event in my town and I think with your help this just might become a reality. Thank you for any assistance you can offer. Here is the link: <url>" This is a great opportunity to get a sacred or eternal font and maybe some extra backers on top of that. Does the Master Players set come with 2 of all the bonus rewards (including Sacred Sites?) $2,743 remaining. It just won't stop. $2,683 remaining. Hey guys I'm sorry certain parts of the website have not yet been updated. My internet was out all of Wednesday and I had to got out of town on Thursday (I'm on a hotel computer at the moment) until Friday night (late). I will be working on the website tomorrow (Saturday) and getting everything caught back up. Thanks for your patience! Hope the new community features and working well for everyone! @Lars, just change your pledge ("manage pledge" button) and you should be sent back to amazon. Nothing gets charged until the funding so you have plenty of time $2,558 remaining. @Jason Thank you for the heads up! :) @Lars Yes, if you look at the bottom of the page under Manage your pledge, there should be a link for change payment method...I had to fix a wrong card issue myself yesterday. I noticed I chose the wrong card on amazon, my mom's card was on from before instead of mine, is it possible to change that? @LS Thomas: Thank you. I'm looking to pledge more, but finances are finances. 9 days. We'll see. @Michael Nope, not me. I'm planning on keeping my Prodigy Magi as well. I wonder what the Founder's Sigil can look like. Hmmmm...picturing it in my mind. Haha, I know at least some of the drop in price is my fault - Hannah and I are part of 2 of the Eternal cabals, but Hannah still had her pledge on file. So that's 200 off right there. Can't account for the rest unless other members of the Cabals of the Mirrored Font or Mikh'ael had pledges and withdrew them - but we gained more than we lost from mine and Jon's wheeling and dealing, so not much I can do. (@_@) the more the merrier. From the looks of it, we're going to have a pretty good community before the final ship date for the sets. No big deal, someone probably either accidentally had pledged too much and realized it or bit off more than they could chew and had to adjust accordingly. It happens in KS, we've got this. : ) But on a positive note, I pledged. Oh well, onward and upwards! Been out of the loop for a day. What happened? Did we lose some money? @Legacy Speaker Voidwalker, well like 6 days ago it use to be 1, which it was me, but i updated to Eternal @Legacy Speaker Voidwalker, yes they have Have the scared fonts level always been 0? Whatever happened, it happened suddenly. It couldn't possibly be a large number of people changing their pledges unless they all happened to choose the same 5 minute interval. WHAT THE FRACK? What is going on, we were doing great. And its true, we have more backers. I wonder if people switched pledge because of the international shipping rates. How odd. Wow, why the drop? We have more backers than when I checked last night, same number of Eternal Fonts, but less total dollars? Weird... From what I've seen, we haven't lost an eternal font, which makes this case alot weirder. Hope we'll go in plus before the end of the day. yeah, 80k is still easily within reach. Ali je tu kdo iz Slovenije, da združiva pakete in znižava stroške? We only need to average $1000 a day to hit the last of the announced reward tiers. Given the progress as of late, I'd be really surprised if that didn't happen! Wow... what happened? Hmm that is quite a shame. But it won't keep us from reaching 75k at least I believe. huh? did we loose a eternal font? Right now it looks like we may need stretcher goals to cover $100k. This is really exciting. So I talked to the owner of one of the local card shops in town about Serpent's Tongue and he said to post about it on the facebook page of the store and that if I got enough people interested that he would stock it. So now I'm asking all of you to please visit the store's facebook page and share information, pictures, links, etc. for the game. Feel free to mention the kickstarter and the reward levels for store owners. I would love to have Serpent's Tongue become a regular gaming event in my town and I think with your help this just might become a reality. Please be mature and don't spam or do anything else that might jeopardize the adoption of ST at this local shop. Thank you for any assistance you can offer. Here is the link: <url>′s equal a level 4, and four level 1′s equal a level 4, but you can not combine a level 3 and a level 1 to create a level 4. Nor a level 2 + a level 2 to create a level ' @Kato Well, we got a new Eternal Font pledge today. That'll do it XD; Also of note we have made more money today than yesterday with less backers. $5,598/42 and $5,704/29 respectively. $1,527 remaining. @Jonathan To follow up, Dimensional Exile as seen in <url>~GTG I loved Lost Magic :O Come on! 75k is ours soon! That pin identifying us to others sounds just awesome! Really really want that. @SolarboyLuis yep quite a bit like Lost Magic, but we were going with a little more epicness, theme, of course the ability to stare down your opponent and do fiery things to them. The genera concept is very similar though. @Unisus - I understand completely, I think the forums are your best bet for finding people. Also I like the idea of creating our own distributor out of a KS backer. I will check into that, thanks for the idea! @Brian: That rune drawing thing sounds almost like Lost Magic(Ds game) xD. @Unisus You can get in contact with at least some of the other backers by using the official forums: <url>"Do you have plans to take Serpents Tongue on the road to GenCon or other major cons? Seems like a great opportunity to spread the word!" Guys and gals, can't express my glee that we're going to hit some of the higher stretch goals! The correct mix of suspense and reward from the Gabrielsons, you've managed to get a community together that wants to thrive and interact across the world. Getting people to sit down and play a game in person is hard enough, online it'd simply not work for most. Was the online component (i.e. Skype webcam games) always part of the plan, or has this arisen from the huge support of the backers? Just waiting to hear back from them (know they're probably very busy) about any alternate reward possibilities in the sacred - enternal font range. I'm not a store, don't need 15 copies. But would like to get something more than my current Speaker Legacy if I up to that level. I really hope you come to Gencon. Would be a big boost for the game I think, plus would be neat to organized play there. I was on the fence too it does suck not being sure >.< but no pressure man do what you want to do with your money. I think its fairly certain we'll hit 75K today :) (I'm on the fence about a pledge increase that would get us there) O.o wow we might hit 75k today we are so on track for 80k and beyond! here's hoping for magnetic cards and codex's Wow! Just a few hours ago we had still to hit $70k and not only did we blow past that, but we also broke 500 backers! Sweeeeet. So close to 75K! I hope my new title shows up as I post this. It's nice to finally be able to say hello to all you wonderful Magi. 500! And a new Eternal Font? Big money, no whammies!! $2257 to the next Tier! 500! Woot! #500! Sorry got caught up in the excitement. More More More!!!! Oops. Under $5k I meant to write, though strictly speaking that /is/ also under $50k... Congrats on the $70k!!! And thanks to the Magi who pushed us over! Under $50k to go! About to hit $70k and 500 backers! Wild! I like the idea of a light quick on the feet style. Quick strikes, mobile, defense... more a wind thing. I wonder if the Dervish Sage will be something like that. Fremen fighter style... with magic. @Benjamin - I think that's intensely creepy. I mean if I had fans I would probably be creeped out by that. It's like when people sing at Andrew Hussey. To paraphrase Hussey: "The only time my fans creep me out is when they sing en masse". As I sit here waiting for a job callback, I penned an updated review-and-link because hey, why not. I also checked out the kickstarters linked on PA's most recent comic rundown and pledged Zombicide, checking out the other right now. I note that the point about board and card games being a different kickstarter dynamic from video games is pretty much valid. Timo: I do note one major issue you will face is that you NEED to be able to erect level 3 shields or else your playstyle falls apart versus anyone who can consistently cast a level 3 spell. As Christopher has noted though, that's the point of having master level incantations and why there are balance levels, but that'll be the issue- trying to get your defenses to where they can't be evaded or broken through, that seems almost impossible to do reliably. The defensive playstyle using the golem will probably be most successful against other people trying to be defensive since you can open holes for your golem, but we'll see. We'll have to play against each other when the playtesting publications go out. @Michael, oh I'm aware that simply having the golem won't win the match for me, but my playing style has never been to attack aggressively. I tend to sit back and throw up defenses until I am as close to untouchable as possible. Now if I can use the resonance from those defensive spells to power up a golem which could then be used to either defend me or attack my enemies I can see that becoming a fairly deadly combination. After reading through the shipping costs at the ST-page, i wonder if there are pledgers from Germany who are interested in creating a drop point for their rewards, maybe one who has experience with big deliveries from overseas, who could send the stuff to all the other backers once it is here. @Micheal - I think when referring to Tyco as "him", it is only proper and correct to use capitals ie - "And then the prophet spake unto the people of Him, the Alpha and Omega, He who delivered onto the sick and stricken children vast bounty of PSPs beyond easy reckoning, and the people were glad." Timo, the issue is that the golem's damage is predictable and shieldable, so you'll need to be pro-active in either removing shields or casting enough to get resonance to level up your golem's attack - I don't think being a golemgineer will be as laissez faire as you think. Even golems may be restricted, attacked, or shield-blocked. But it'll be a challenge that'll surprise some people I think, especially at tournaments. I love that card too. Of course I look forward to being good enough at the language and having Eve Speaker so I can pass resonance out to my teammates. @christopher you might want to prep an other stretch goal, cause we are going to smash this one in less than 48 hrs. I love the idea of Flame Sculptor. Guess there's something romantic about the idea of controlling the uncontrollable. IRL however I can see myself leaning towards Diabolist Golemgineer as my style tends to be to sit back and let someone else do the dirty work. Haha yeah, I notified him during one of my "get people to pledge" blitzes, along with people at some D&D forums where ST hadn't been mentioned, and the game shops in sydney and halifax - figured SOME will buy in, even if they don't buy in during the pledging blitz on kickstarter. Also some people might be taking a wait and see attitude I guess. @Cowley, perhaps if he backs us we can get an incantation to do just that. It would be completely useless, but I'm sure somebody with big bucks would pay for a card that would blow their own mind. @MhidDa - You are right, this game may very well explode Tyco's brain by virtue of it's very nature. I was thinking that you could use the game to enhance your skills while you didn't have anyone to play with(in close proximity), and that you there could be some way to register your cards to your account, so you needed the cards IRL to use them in the game. @Cowley - that was my thought exactly. I have definitely seen some concern from his corner regarding the whole KS idea but he has shown support for particular projects on it, especially due to his love and concern for the tabletop genre, and I know he is a rabid language and magic lover...seems like the perfect combo to me. I was a bit unsure of Tyco's actual angle on Kickstarter, I was left wondering if he thought is a good thing or not, and also the PA report has been critical of elements of KS. Having said that, I would think Tyco would fall over himself to play/understand a game based on language and role immersion. @MhidDa Nice job! Speak the word, far and wide. Tcyho over at pennyarcade.com was talking Kickstarter today (namely Zomibicide, Ogre and the massive success of Double Fine) so I sent him a quick message about Serpent's Tongue. Having followed their site for years and knowing what kind of games garner his interest, I thought he might want to give you guys a gander if he hasn't...and if he mentions you...well, those gents have a veritable army of e-followers. Also, $6,131 to go, and we are now trending above 91K. @Mitchell having sage in your name, always a good idea. @Jake awesome title, speaks well of your preferred play style. @Techgnostik +1 I know I might be one of the few on this, but I'm not at all keen on the idea of a video game version of ST. Tools to facilitate online/remote play of the CARD game, yes...but any kind of video game version that gets rid of the cards altogether is a bad idea in my book. The physicality of the Codex and the cards and all of the components that go with ST is part of the draw, for me. One neat Idea I just had was to make the game into a pc game in the future. With voice control, AI, multiplayer and everything else. What would be even neater would be if every backer/those in the "Ordo Principum" got it for free, + beta access etc. I think it would catch on. In other news I need a incantation for getting rid of moths, greater glyph of banishing perhaps? All told 800 trillion of these little fuckers HAS to stack up as about a greater demon... anyway I look forward to how much closer this day will bring us to the next goal! That is the best part about getting cases! the opening! I remember pooling my money with friends and getting a case of MTG cards man it was fun opening them all. The other thing I can't wait for is tearing through my booster pack case like it's christmas morning hahah. Oh my yes! I can't wait to playtest the game though I'm not sure obscura is included in the kit. Indeed Scribe Mitchell I'm looking forward to play testing just so we can get more info on the goodies. The two I'm really interested in are the Dervish Sage and the Servant of the Silver Cord. Shame there is no info on them eh? On another note We're already screaming towards 70k... I wouldn't be surprised for us to hit 80k within the next two days! Let's keep up the momentum! That's another fun question! What is everyone planning specializations wise? I'm with Eternal Englund Bulwark sounds like a bloody lethal spec if used properly and I'll certainly be playing that if I get it (oh goddess I hope I get it) Diabolist Golemgineer also sounds like a fun spec from the KS exclusives list. For team play EVE Speaker is just plain epic as a force multiplier. I also like the sound of Druid and... Void something... I'm spacing. There's so much to try out that I won't be limiting myself any where except tournament play, constantly reworking decks and trying new things is the way to go! I'll probably go with the title "Abjurer" to reflect my intended specialization (Bulwark). We'll see if I change my mind after a few games :P Yeah Spellweaver does sound like a neat title to have. Elemental magic is fun too I'm a fan of wind based magic myself, so much fun to be had by creating a vacuum around your enemies. @Eric Spellweaver sounds awesome, I understand trying to stay away from sounding specialized. Then again I've always had a soft spot for elemental magic. lolz Anyone else what to "Throw your name in the hat"? Ahhh that is a good question Jeremy, I'm kinda torn myself (I suck at names and titles) But I was thinking something like Wandering Sage *Insert magi name here* Adept Schneider as of now I believe I'm taking "Spellweaver" as my title. I like Elementalist but I decided to keep my title separate from anything that sounded like a specialization so I could keep my play style fluid with out clashing with my own canon for myself haha. So I was bouncing around the forums and was quite enjoying the prefixes that you guys were giving yourselves. I think one of my favorite was "Timekeeper". So of course this got me thinking, what would mine be. I'm torn between Evoker and Elementalist. What would yours be? @PS Pentad, you'll always have that element in larger gaming situations, the question comes down to how does the community handle it and how significant is the impact on gaming. Fortunately, with a game like this if that ever does become a problem there are ways of dealing with it. I don't think it's going to be much of a problem when playing in person, but it could be an issue with later electronic forms of the game. But, I think the devs know that's a potential problem. And so far I've been quite impressed with how on top of things they are. Definitely makes me comfortable trusting them with my money. $6,971 to go! Heavens that was no better. I guess someone has to be the worst at this. Hmmm, I am not sure how I good I will actually be at a language based game given I can hardly even string my native English together in coherent sentences. "That looks to really buff Kickstarter projects" I hope you were able to secure the BGG slot for the next week's giveaway. That looks really buff kickstarter projects. @PS Pentad, Spoken like a true gentleman sir. My hat and monocle go off to you. @LS Thomas Nice link, I hadn't watched that one. I was a forum moderator for my old WoW guild which was pretty large and did a lot of raiding, but evolved from a small family role-play guild and never wanted to wholly lose some of that quality. So I definitely don't care for drama, personal attacks or repetitive unproductive arguments. : ) I know eventually we'll have nerd rage in our community, any competitive game develops it one way or another, I just hope we can build the culture of Lady and Gentleman Magi enough to weather it well! *Ding Ding Ding* And that's 24 hours folks! The final tally is 42! That's right, the answer to life the universe and everything! @PS Pentad, that's one of the advantages of starting a new project, we get to set the tone of the community far more than the developers do. Which can be a good thing, but often times it's what ruins things for the majority of people that don't like that garbage. I forget if I linked this earlier, but I think it's something that the team already realizes they need to do if they want a quality community. <url>"Ludicrous Speed," which in turn is faster than light speed. : ) @Jayce. What? *Sigh* Moments later it's 41. It's gone...plaid. 40 actually. Kicktraq doesn't update immediately. And now it's at 39. Was this in the news or something today? Some serious velocity going on since update 5 was sent out. I knew that would bring more backers. So happy to see it! I wanna be a Prodigy Maser. Pew Pew. And as soon as I say something someone else pledges. 37 backers. 36 backers and we still have nearly two hours left for today. @Prodigy Speaker Pentad: Ooh, thanks. That's pretty cool. Wooo! Ordo Principium updated!. Also is the 80,000 says "obscure Master exclusive card" is that meant to say Obscura or what. Oh and the Ordo Principium has Prodigy Masters listed as Prodigy Masers. thanks for the answers. everyone. This pace is ridiculous. After this tier we should hit the next level really quickly. Thanks, Quantum Mike! Before I forget, I have just posted a review of Roll20 highlighting some of its mechanics that should be useful for Serpent's Tongue both for competition and roleplaying elements, on the official forums. I'm a backer and have beta access, so i'll also answer any questions about online play in general (for those who usually play their card and board games in person), facilitations I've learned to make for online fair competition play, and the general features of Roll20 inasmuch as I can test them, over there. I'll be running a shadowrun campaign next week on Roll20, so I'll post any Serpent's Tongue relevant observations while doing that, and of course when I someday get my hands on a playtesting set or the real cards, I'll do further reviews. meanwhile: <url>"those" looks. XD;;;) I think we are seeing first hand the problem of technology failing magic wielders. The Murphy-onic field is clearly at work here. $8,971 to go! Things have been pretty brisk today. Ok now I'm confused, Christopher just said that the "All KS exclusives to all backers" reward was in the 75k tier in the website Q&A... but it says 80k here... clarification guys? Also glad to see you're ok Gunnar @Karl From what I'm reading, the first "Master Players" set includes 2 core sets and 2 cases of inscription packs. Basically, I understand it to be everything in the $85 Magi level x 2. I'M ALIVE!! Please direct any website related questions,comments,issues, etc to me on the website using @gunnar. Thanks!! My internet bombed out last night around midnight while I was in the middle of the rewards page. Net is still out so I'm sitting at McDonalds using their free wifi on my POS laptop. Founders page and rewards pages will be updated ASAP. Thanks all! @Legacy Speaker Thomas: well, it would be no worse than a game of M:TG I remember from years gone by. My best friend and I used to team up against her fiance. He used to get so angry haha. :) @Karl If you got the Master Player's set then that should include enough for 4 people right out of the box. From my understanding that is. @Karl; Not only that! It will allow you to play either competitively or cooperatively with up to FOUR friends. IF of course, you chose the "Master Players" Tier (The first one). as this includes 2 core-sets and each core set is made for two players to enjoy^^ You'll have plenty. You could even get one of the cabal sets. I just upped my pledge from 85 to $155. This will now get me enough stuff to easily be able to play with 3 friends right? I just want to make sure I have enough books and counters and gems to have friends be able to play instead of just watch. Incantation spell Earthquake: YOU SHALL NOT PASSSSSS!!! Just pledged @85, looks like a very interesting game with a new twist to things. Lot of mystic. Kicking it forward form Zpocalypse. $10,405 remaining. I don't own a comic shop, if that is what you were asking. I do have a local comic store I support and love to hang out in. You have comic shops? :O OK cool. Pretty excited for this game. Also excited to bring it into my local comic shop. Over 450 backers now, wow! And now I wonder where the edit button is :P As far as I know, everyone from adept and up get the rewards, but it may be lower. If it doesn't say otherwise in the stretch tier, I believe that initiates and above receive them. So do we know where the stretch rewards are going to be added? I went for the Magi set and didn't know if anything was being added to it, like the lapel pin. For the 80k reward, I believe that it would be wise for you to have it as a full set of kickstarter exclusive cards in addition to the exclusive cards announced at your tier. In that regard, that should encourage individuals not to downgrade their contribution if they only upgraded for the cards. @Master Andemaker: Totally agree. The Founder pin is the one swag item I super want. Especially if everything arrives before GenCon... I look forward to some duels at the convention and recognizing other Magi! @Ryan: Know that feel, bro.... I'm mostly interested in the 75k Founders' Badges, as I love me some swag^^ I really hope we get to the level to get all the Kickstarter rewards. It is my completionist tendencies but it bugs me to not get all the Kickstarter special cards. :lol: @Terence I wouldn't take it too hard, as a speaker pledge you name will likely be in the first expansion they do I thought I was happy with Magi, but this new level is causing consternation! Glad to see the website back, it was worth the wait. Looking forward to the new FAQ. I'm very dissapointed... I was on a waiting list to upgrade to a higher level, but went to bed early yesterday and looks like I missed out... Site looks great. Thanks Epic new update! And yeah, I'm miffed that I missed upgrading to Inscriber...damn me for sleeping instead of camping!! Can't wait to jump into the new forums though, been waiting for those to arrive. Hey guys, haven't been around as often due to some work picking up, but wanted to just congratulate you guys on reaching $60k! Always had faith we'd get this high and I know it'll only go higher! :) Thanks for the gameplay vid as well! I really want the Tier 6 rewards... 16.7k for the unlock for everyone eh? lets get to it! So we need to kick it in high gear for that 80k guys! Who doesn't want ALL the KS exclusive cards? @PA Schneider, there's a few features that it needs, like something for Timezones, but in general it looks good and doesn't seem to be missing anything that's worth making Gunnar stay up even longer. Yes they are! I am a little sad at the lack of a RP forum but meh I'll live~ Gunnar has been through enough over these two days. I must say, the new forums are EPIC! Nice to see we now have something to fill that $85 to $155 gulf. Looks to be a good place to be. I won't be downgrading though. @Scotia Draven, the biggest issue there would be 3 person PvP where two of the players focus on the other. Co-op it shouldn't be a problem. @legacy Inscriber Mitchell, thanks for the quick response! Going to bump my pledge level then! :) @Scotia Draven, nice to have you aboard! this game can infact be played solo along with a group of people ranging from 2-8! I am absolutely astounded at all the loot you get with each pledge level. This is something definitely worth investing in. That said, I have a question: can this game be played with 3 players, or must it be either 2 or 4? I went Magi, but would consider going Magi Officiant if the game can be played with 3 people. My card/board game buds and I are the "3 Musketeers" most of the time. :) Haha! awesome points yesss. *gnaws on the points* Inscriber Mitchell receives two awesome points from me for a Ditzy Doo avatar. In other news the new $125 level is an EXCELLENT deal. If I had more friends in the local area interested in playing I'd round them up for it. Ah nm, I misread the pricing for Inscriber. Carry on, nothing to see here. YESSS! Are there going to be any more? I'm guessing no, since there are only so many plot-points available in the story, but it would be nice to know whether to sit here spamming my F5 key or not lol. And update #5 too! The New website is up :D Wow. I missed the opportunity by about an hour :( All I would have had to do is up my pledge by $20 too. Grrrrrr. With this new level we are sure to hit the 75k goal! Luckily with the new tier we are already past the 50% mark of our daily avg. Yeah, it's the same deal with the antagonists and blank cards they had at launch. They can only do so many. I wonder exactly how much space we get in the books? 1-2 pages? more less *shrugs* who knows as long as I can pass my knowledge to future awakened I shall be content. For slots that involve input and inclusion into some aspect of the game at launch, there is only so much room -- I'm surprised they went with as many as 5 in such a small tome. 350% funded by the by, woo! Wish I could have upped my pledge, unfortunately, I go to school, and don't have time for a job before summer. Indeed congratulations must be given, I just wish my future incarnation did not select such a garish name for himself, but what can you do hmm? Considering how quickly those spots went, I think there probably should have been a few more. QQ: Would we be called Inscribers or Scribes? (Given that this was a common question when Inscription came out in WoW there was a constant argument about this :P) And yeah, I had to go for an Inscriber slot ^^;;; A cool prodigy slot would be getting to help write a future campaign for ST Congrats fellow Inscribers! Oh well this should be interesting indeed my future incarnation shall read my own work. @Majjintor Congrats! You definitely snagged the last one. Feel free to let me know if you ever decide to drop that Prodigy Magi spot... ;-) Exciting but no way I could go up that high lol annnd done woo! now I'm excited Was waiting to see what the new Prodigy level was, but all I can manage for now is Magi. Excited to support great gaming as I can, and proud to count myself among your ranks. Christopher is going to make it nigh impossible for me to get to sleep tonight. @_@ Create a new account :-) I know I could but that would free up the prodigy magi slot and if I back down I wont be able to go back >.< One left... I took the #4, upgrading from legacy speaker Take it. You can always give it up later. one more left gahhhhhh Only three more....I'm so tempted but I'm not sure I want to give up my prodigy magi level reward...though being in the codex would be nice... Thank you. :p how you feel right now is how I felt five minutes ago :p well doing the math I could still eat...but gahhhhhhh *rolls around* So tempting it is! also grats Fuchs Damn it. Now I'm going to be poor this summer. Thanks for convincing me to raise my pledge qq Really makes me wish I had the money. Oh, well. Adept lets me play, and I can be satisfied with that, even given how awesome the expensive rewards are. Gah, I wish I could up my pledge. Gahhh it's so tempting! I soooo want to get that level but that would mean me not eating for a little while >.< @Bobby Allen Out of Dallas 1-3 June? The exact days I will be there to harass Ervkar. Tis a shame my fellow Magi. @Ervkar I don't claim that as my idea, I read it somewhere in the fractured morass of ST pages and forums. Can't recall where though. I lay no claim. @Jake Englund okay, good. Makes sense, thanks @gbreden you can spend resonance to reattune inscriptions that you've already cast, I think there are some options before a stalemate, though I suppose it would make sense for two evenly matched magi to stalemate, both get exhausted before overcoming the other XD Nearly $13,000 remaining! Go go Gunner! Gunnar SLEEP. we can witness your greatness in the morning. Oh man, I am kept away several days rebuilding my PC and look where the devs and community has brought Serpent's Tounge! This is great! Gunnar, I can channel some Reiki your way if you are interested in Remote Energy Healing and Invigoration! Well don't kill yourself Gunnar, we need you alive more then we need a forum! [Shatner] GUUUNNNNAAAARRRR! [/Shatner] I'm going to open the site up tonight even if I'm not done. Just a FYI. Right now I'm working on updating the Ordo Principium and rewards page, and configuring a Q & A plugin. Great and amusing video! That was fun to finally see in action! I'll be there from May 30th to the 5th of June Magi Allen but I already have accommodations worked out but thank you for the generous offer! Once we get the new forum going PM me, I believe I'll be running around as Ervkar Faust or something of that nature. Magi Kyle and I have worked out a naming theory by the by. Every magi has three names under the following system: Incarnation name: so Eric Glocker for example, is the name of my present incarnation. Every magi goes through a "waiting period" or a "stealth mode" after rebirth living naturally under their given name before awakening to their second name. Nomine Magus: (pardon the butchered latin) the over all name/identity of the mage in question. Whether it was the name that the mage discovered magic under or just one he's grown found of over the centuries it is his core identity and personage as a magic user and what "reasserts" itself after the new incarnation awakens to magic. Ervkar Faust in my case. True Name: The true name of a thing is powerful indeed, every thing in the universe has one and it it not something any one wishes to share lightly. Knowledge of a true name grants the possessor great power over that person or thing by the means of sorcery. link for those who don't like mobile youtube. <url>"No, I was wondering oif they would consider adding something like that; a 5$ per card extra donation system or something similar to what Zpocalypse did for several extra bits. " Why argue with someone who is making the same points as you? I think that overworked vs ignoring you is the answer. Christopher, do you mean that the walkthrough is gone, and you can't find it? Because if you can, how about a link? This is the one thing (a video of gameplay) that I most want to see. Prodigy Levels! Now there is no way I can leave my PC and risk missing out. Damn this work thing getting in the way of my accumulation of power! Best of luck to the Sons of Gabriel, we're rooting for you. Bwahaha, just finished creating a second account to deal with the vagaries of limited edition level pledging! Can't wait. New pledge levels hmm? fun fun And yes guys we are SUPER busy trying to get this update ready for you all. SO much stuff. The FAQ will be integrated into the website as well. They explicitly stated that they have scraped all questions from comments and PMs and are answering them in a massive FAQ document that should be part of the update, which in turn is waiting on Gunnar's marathon web session. So you haven't been ignored. They answered your question along with mine and others, "Answers are forthcoming," in the manner I mention! We are all impatient to get more information -- I know I am. No reason to think that folks running a Kickstarter aren't reading every comment and PM though, that'd be silly and self-defeating of them. If anything I think this team errs a little on the side of caution, not wanting to commit their answers until they are certain. In your case, you are basically making a suggestion that would alter the manner in which they approach their rewards which I think any KS that didn't initially start that way would be slow to adopt without reflection. So I think an answer would naturally be slow in coming on that point especially. @magicpink - I think they are just really busy and they would likely need some time to think about your question as it is problematic. One of he benefits of the kickstarter cards is that they are rare, if you put a value on them then someone could buy 200 extra eve cards and then sell them after market. This would not only be a flood on the market but also cheapen the value for supporters; playing a rare ks only card is less special if someone across the table, shrugs and plays the same card he bought on eBay for 50 cents. I'm sure there is some moderate compromise but it isn't a simple answer No, I was wondering oif they would consider adding something like that; a 5$ per card extra donation system or something similar to what Zpocalypse did for several extra bits. I'm aware something doesn't exist for it currently. As for patience, my post is long gone and was made several hours ago; I can't imagine anyone at this point would see it. I emailed them the same question 3 days ago and still never got an answer. I completely understand if they're swamped but I think I'm being pretty patient. @magicpink. I think they are sleep deprived. If I recall correctly your question was is there a bridge between 85 and 155 where you could get the additional cards without the additional benefits of the 155 level. Start with the 85 level and add and extra 5 bucks for each additional card? This project still has 12 days. Is not one of the pillars of the magi patience? Calm down, They've got an faq coming. So... any other ways being considered to get the exclusive cards? I've noticed my question's pretty much been ignored. Don't forget there will also be things like your artifact and specialization, which there are supposed to be slots for in your codex as well IIUC. @Bobby Allen, you can fit 33 cards in the codex, but from the looks of the pictures there are other pages. Quick question. at the 11 dollar level it mentions a 44 page codex. I thought the codex was 33 pages. Not complaining about more pages. I have yet to complement you on your video. I think it is amazing. The 3d effects without glasses are just wow. Why don't you have 87k backers? The 428 of us need to go social. Facebook, twitter, tumbler, reddit, etc.. 12 days is an eternity. Cast your incantations on all your friends/followers. @Gunnar Wow, you're a nut. That's some serious dedication. Wish I knew an Incantation of Healing... 6.9 wow man that's dedication! thanks for your effort! Gunnar: Get some sleep. No need to kill yourself. Woah. So if you die, who can fix it when we accidentally break it. Take care of yourself, do it for us. Going on 30 straight hours of non-stop work! (only minimal bathroom and food breaks). I'M DOING THIS FOR YOU GUYS. :) Remember to follow us on Twitter @SerpentsTongue_. When talking about the game or language, use the hastag #serpentstongue! We all look forward to seeing you talk #serpentstongue up on Twitter! @Brian, honestly, tell him to take a nap before he gets too exhausted. The last thing we need is for him to fall asleep at the keyboard. @Master Magus Kato I'll take that bet, He's still plugging away! Thank you for the information @Jason, Until the official forums are up you may want to check out the Serpent's Tongue forums on Board Game Geeks. There are threads gathering magi from different regions. Perhaps Louisville? <url>#5! :P While we wait for the website it's now about time to start hassling Chris G. about Update #5 like good little backers clamoring for attention from their overlords, I mean, Archmagi! Rar! : ) I support having a ST wiki, I would atleast contribute to it. @Gunnar Rest it only gets busier form here on in. Sleep well. We can wait. Nice, I always love it when we crack that next $1k over a stretch goal. We are going all the way to the top, gang! Rok Al'Dash! Level 1 Healing of Sight and Mind. Keep going, Speaker. There is work to be done. That's liquid love for the game, Gunnar. We are all counting on you. No pressure though. :D Seriously though, we'll all live if it takes a bit longer, good sir! omg I swear my eyes are bleeding.... Because I am bored: <url>"of your casts" sounds right. Resonance is a characteristic of the card and it may vary from card to card. Of means the resonance value of the card, off would mean some indeterminate amount of resonance. (/rules wording geek) As a side note, on the eve speaker, should the 5 ability say allies earn resonance OFF your casts instead of OF your casts? Wow. We actually hit that 60k pretty fast. Congratulations! Good Guy Gunnar: Promises site update. / Doesn't sleep til it's up. After excitedly showing my almost 11 year old son (who I game with excessively) this site and explaining what we would be getting this summer, he looked at me and said "A game...with homework?" And I thought...yeah, kind of, but only the best kind. Which led me to this post and thank you to the creators for making a game which promotes the idea that power requires discipline and practice. Far too much entertainment shows my son (and daughters) a world where a fluke gives someone limitless power without either having to earn it or be responsible for what that power could mean. I can't wait to bring this to the table! (By the way, his comment did nothing to hold him back from going to school and telling all his friends about it). Hang in there I have done a couple of 36 hour days at work lately, so I can sympathize. We do appreciate it Nope go glitches, just slow going. I'm SO TIRED. Haven't slept yet, haha. Should have the website back up here in probably 2-3 hours. Sorry for the delays, it's crazy how time consuming these things can become! $14,630 remaining. Hmm, the server's still out, hope they aren't having too many unexpected glitches. @MM Longinus, yes, I think they likely have things in the ethics guide to deal with it, but it's ultimately going to come down to how tolerant we are of bad behavior. I suspect that in person it's going to be less of an issue than online though. Some food for thought about gaming trolls in general <url>#5, Speaker Thomas! It would be rather intersting a serpents tongue wiki, but they tend to take a while to gather up steam. I can imagine all the stubs at start with all the cards. I think the play test kit is something that should have been in early as a later stretch goal. Having it earned at this point is definitely reasonable. Now that we're down to one stretch goal, I hope they're coming up with one more just in case we have time to shoot for it before the kickstarter ends. Awesome day gang! Can't wait for the new site and Update #5, not to mention $75k! Tier 4 complete! And by Wiki I mean not a wikipedia.org entry, but a dedicated ST Wiki. Is there any interest in that? I'm not much of a wiki buff. We made it! We made it!!! WOO HOO!!!!! Did someone already do a Serpent's Tongue Wiki? If not I think I might set one up. Yeah, we did it! Playtest kits all around! Just thought I'd throw in my 2 cents and say I'm really excited about the co-op possibilities of this game. My gaming group doesn't like to go head to head with each other, so we will be focusing on the promised 'Out of Eden' campaign and other such goodies. Heh I put the extra 2$ for that nice even number. Huzzah for 60k! now for 75k stretch goal! everyone wants a pin right? WOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Aaaaaand got a screenshot of that for posterity. Such a nice round number! Haha XD Lol, okay, getting a master set to push us over the edge XD @Gunnar, you get all the good incantations. Let's make it a ritual cast: Website Upgrades! Woo one more Master Magi and we got the stretch goal! Currently casting incantation: Website Upgrades! I'm impressed by how large the average pledge here is. It's not quite as high as it was, but it's still over $140 per backer. I know! @Master Kato, Gunner is working on the site. Sites down! $157! $237 to go! 282 to go ;3 You guys (guys as in the all inclusive gender neutral term) rock! 27 backers in one day! It's a new record! *confetti* Also $283 to go. So close. Will we see it by the end of the night? Can't wait to play a game of this with my friends! $368 to go! Yessss! New website incoming! Thanks Gunnar. I'm looking forward to the new content and forums. Good luck tonight. @bobby, From what I have seen yes they will be legal. The intention for them is to be a powerful reward for us founders but not completely broken. Not having them will in no way impact your performance against a founder using one. WOOO! On another note we're about to break our record for backers in one day. JUST A QUICK NOTICE: The website (becomemagi.com) will be down for a few hours tonight while I switch over to the new stuff (page updates, forums, cabals, faqs, etc.) Note: In my earlier question I meant "how soon after the end of the promotion in 13 days", I know we won't get it before then. Woot, I can't wait for the P&P Prototype. Chances are good we'll hit 60K by morning. Heh, probably higher the way this things still going! Yeah I'll probably end up pushing my eternal font pledge a bit higher to account for extra signed codexes just to have multiples. Even if the game only ever took off among all the people backing it here, it'd STILL have a devoted following, to judge by our averages. Just 453 more dollars - we should hit 75k after all. I have a question, and it's a self-serving and oppressive one but I will ask it because I'm not the only one: if we hit 60k stretch goal and we're funded at above 60k, how soon are we likely to get access to that playtesting PDF? Will it be almost right away, a few weeks, etc? I am literally trying to block off time among friends to play some. Will the ks extras be legal in tournaments? Have you guys (UnBoUnd) considered sending a prototype copy of Serpent's Tongue to Tom Vasel from The Dice Tower? He is pretty big in the board gaming scene and is a trusted source for reviews by many gamers. It would be a surefire way to hugely increase this game's exposure. Might be too late to have him do a review prior to the end of the kickstarter, but perhaps worth a try? www.dicetower.com Less than $500 to go! It's great to see so many new Magi joining the ranks of Serpent's Tongue. If you have questions or want to discuss things, check out our temporary forums on Board Game Geeks: <url>"meet" the conlang guys! Very happy to see them on Twitter, too. Followed. Speaking of conlang, I found an interesting mention of Serpent's Tongue on a podcast called Conlangery. It's at the very start of episode 46, found here: <url>åtte skjebnen ville deg vell~ And it looks like tomorrow will bring 60k ^^ @Rebecca Kozma I knew you'd be hooked mon ami. As many nerds as I have in my friends list I figured this would take off like wild fire! We're gonna have to play a match or two via skype once we get the play testing kits. I might even try to make the long journey north for your launch day party. Don't forget all we do have a quasi forum running over on boardgamegeek and we can always use more participation! A friend of mine on Facebook linked this game and it looked like so much fun I had to take part! I'm planning on having a launch day party at my house for all my friends when the game is shipped to me so we can all play together. Excited. $3,775 remaining! I hope that I moved all the post, please add anything that I missed. So I moved our discussion about the language over to the BGG forums. <url>"remind me" button to watch the project. Those also get a mail with each update if i remember correctly. And it's not only the stretch goals, the new pledge levels are also something that should be announced, as maybe there are people who would pledge for one of these if they knew about. Yeah, to back up what people said earlier - A Kickstarter update sends out an email to all backers, if everyone had an update, people who don't frantically check the page would know about the 60 and 75k stretch goals. While I think we WILL hit them, the more people who are notified the more encouraged they are to spread the word or pledge extra. Which of course is the point of stretch rewards. Here is roughly a 2009 estimate that i found in a forum, couldn't find anything recent, don't know if this is even accurate. Will have to do some research. GenCon: 10x10 booth $1100 (entreprenurial booth) - $1600 Hotel - 3 nights $450 (taxes) Travel to and from: $$$ 100 copies of game to sell: $? - estimate roughly @unisus I have to agree on the update thing. While I'm really looking forward to the project one of the things that I'm dissapointed by is lack of updates. If I didn't constantly check on the main page I would never have known about the new stretch goals or even that 75k was updated for include signed codexes for all. Updates really do help stir up interest and excitement for the project while allowing people to know something has happened. Did anybody mentioned yet about introducing this game at Gen Con Indy? Like I said in an earlier post, it would be great cause it will get more eyes. I posted about the one in Spiel Essen, that is the biggest board and card game convention, Gen Con being second. It will definitely get the extra kick it needs once this game kicks off. Hell, I will help fund ST to show up at the conventions. All we need is to show to 2 of them and that is it. Word will spread after that. What do you all think? Its something that we all can do to really elevate ST to get bigger. PayPal is not as common as some think - and i know not little people at the sellers end who would rather do anything else but allow PayPal... @Christopher: i think it would be a good idea to make updates not only at the front page, but also (or maybe instead, if also is not an option) as an update - it draws the attention not only of the backers, but also of those just watching the project via reminder button. There could be some potential backers, who otherwise get the impression, the project doesn't get much updates (implying it doesn't get much attention by the people running the project). I wouldn't say the PayPal thing is typical per se. It's permissible once a project hits funding but only the biggest projects I've followed did it. Oooh, signed Codexes at the 75k stretch goal! Better get your writing hand exercised and ready to go! @PS Pentad, that reminds me, why isn't there a PayPal option yet? Typically projects add that when they get to their goal, and at this point a huge number of people would have to change their mind to make the project not get funded. Hopefully the folks running the project will set that up. Or I missed it. Oh hey, that's actually 300% funding also! Nice. I like the new stretch reward added to $75k also -- all Initiates and above getting signed Codexes! $54k, we are getting there! <url>"sold" for a couple days now and finally decided to just run it full bull and enter at the Magi level. Definitely getting lots of positive word back from friends as potential backers and from my local game store. I look forward to gaming with you all for years to come! Thanks! The better I understand the rewards the better I can explain them to potential backers. Also with the website overhaul this weekend the rewards page will be updated and cleaned up to be a little easier to navigate. Time to start asking crazy questions! You heard the man! @Terence, If you go to BecomeMagi.com and click Kickstarter Rewards at the bottom of the page is a matrix of the various reward levels. Hopefully Christopher will post that matrix on the kickstarter page. Between the Project Home page and BecomeMagi.com you should be able to find most of the answers you seek! Glad to help collate though! 2 Hardbound Spell Codex’s 140 4×6 Incantation Cards, Specializations & Artifacts PLUS 4 Inscription Packs (40 Adept-Level Incantations) 2 Focus Gems 60 Heavy weight clay Essence, Resonance & Will-Power Chips 2 4-sided dice 2 Ready/Interrupt Stones 2 Hourglasses (15 & 30 Seconds) World & Rule Book ‘Out of Eden’ Adventure Campaign Quick Start Tutorial & Solo Challenge 10 Encounter Cards (Random Challenge Deck) "The Gentleman Magi - a modern guide to magical etiquette" Insert. The Core set's included components is on the Project Home page. Initiates get the signed Codex, Apprentices get one normal Codex as part of their Lone Magi set. Adepts and above get 2 or more Codexes. Each normal Core set comes with 2 Codexes. Core set does not mean one of each card, it means the boxed two-player "starter set" of the game. I am so confused about what comes with what. I really wish there was an FAQ. So what DOES not come with a Codex, and what comes with multiple Codices? I was reading Core Set as 1-of-each card, but does that just mean same as Adept or Apprentice level? I can't belive I'm the only one so confused... Nice, $53,000 even! Over 360 backers now, too! $7k to the Playtest stretch goal and $22k to the Founder's Sigil and final art upgrades for the launch set! We can do this, Magi! @Longinus Signed codexes are not included in the higher pledge levels but you can add $11 to any pledge level to get one. In fact, you can get any combination of pledge rewards by adding the pledge levels together. You'll get the highest of the titles involves and all the rewards. They'll figure out exactly what combination you wanted via the survey that gets sent out after any Kickstarter. : ) All backers will get worked into the story in time but only the limited slots get worked in at launch most likely. Eternal and Sacred Fonts will most likely be part of the evolving metaplot since they will be "Places of Power" in the game world, which Magi battle over for purposes of control. Do the pledge levels above $11 receive a signed codex by the makers or are they exclusive to the $11? Do the eternal and sacred fonts have a place in the story? <url>"With payment of earth, we sacrifice this dollar. With payment of air, we sacrifice this dollar. With payment of fire, we sacrifice this dollar. With payment of water, we sacrifice this dollar." -From a 20th Century Magi's experimental codex. By all accounts, it didn't work. $7,431 to go! THE SERPENT DEMANDS THE SACRIFICE OF YOUR FUNDS! Huzzah a meeting of the minds! Maybe for a $80,000 you could sign some specialization cards. Then it would be like a real black lotus @Terence: same here, but I'm not gonna worry about it until after the Kickstarter is over and they have a chance to collect themselves, heh :) @Terence, they haven't added mine yet either, considering how quickly things are moving, I'm not bothered by the delay. I backed this a while ago, but my name isn't on the website. :( @Randy The new forums are still being worked on by Gunnar and hopefully will be up sometime this weekend as per his note below. Official forum? What's the link? I couldn't find one on the main site. Well so far less than 10% of those (37 total Prodigy slots) are guaranteed to be at launch, so they can work 'em in over time. ; ) That's a lot of characters to incorporate. I know right? I remember signing up when this project started...has it been that long aready? Impressive to see us almost to 350 backers already! Seems like we just hit 300! Ahh, so good to see an SCP referenced here. God, I love my fellow geeks. That was ah very interesting read it does fit a bit doesn't it eh? Goodness. A Southern accent might've ended up with sulfuric acid! I quite like that one. Author says that the users accent is what cause the odd side effects. (H2O=>HCL) @Kato Thanks for the link, haha that was a fun read. : ) And here. An oddly appropriate SCP. <url>"sch" is a variant of the dutch "g" but with an s in front of it... So if you can't say g, like we can, you'll never pull of a "sch" But then again... For some unknown reason, there was a stubborn kind of people we now know as the Dutch that wanted a language so unpronouncable for outsiders, it might as well be used for a game like this.... I...can't figure out how you say sch Forget the Dutch 'g', how about the Dutch 'sch'? On the pronounciation: i'm pretty sure, that each language area will have kind of its own, just because there are sounds that are very difficult to speak if you are not used to it from childhood - try the German "ü", or if you're really into challenges, take the Czech "ř". On the Pins: while i really like the idea of pins, i'd not make (pledge-)rank-pins. They are too easy mistaken as actual signs of mastering - but i guess there could be lots of (pledge-)Adepts mastering the spells much better than someone, who may have pledged as a Magi or even a Master. So a pin which just shows you are an insider would be a good choice in my opinion. If i get one, i will be sure to put in on whenever i have my Codex with me *smile* i absolutely can envision two strangers meeting somewhere in the world, each one recognizing the pin the other one has on their jacket - both drawing out their Codici and starting a duel... @Matthew, again I'm still not convinced of the terminology (way too Terry Goodkind BTW :-), but at least we see eye to eye on the basic principle :-) @Christopher Just wondering, but is there actually a system in the words or are we just grasping at straws here :-) On a side note.... 60k Reward... ME WANT... $26,424 to $75k haha! Getting ahead of myself? Nah, I just want it all! 12k, not 22, so not as huge a deal. We've got some marketing to do Magi.....22K for all that has been set as a carrot in front of us. All that power...all that control....it must be mine!!!!!! Muhahahahahahaha!!! Oh yeah. That $60k stretch goal is so not going to be a problem. The not having to wait to get an idea about what the game is about is going to get some more folks on-board. And being able to playtest will be a great way to start the community early. So I'll definitely get the word out... and probably figure out throwing some more cash at this myself, haha. The $75k rewards would also be very awesome, being able to finish the art overhaul and get those super-awesome pins!!! They're as good as ours. 16 days is plenty of time =D Let's make it happen! Do want the 60k one :O Well, time to do the social organizing thing. Tweet people, talk to your local gaming stores, post your backer status on facebook (there's a handy link), talk to friends, talk to relatives, etc. See if people are willing to try something. Use the exclusive cards and their value, and the 336 current backers, to encourage people to play. I'm going to go make a topic on BGG right about now, but I think everyone would love to playtest. I know I and my friends would. Thanks for picking a really intriguing reward system, Christopher. I'm going to go and work on drumming up more interest. 60K Stretch Reward HRRRRRRRRRK WANT @Raoul I would define motion as positive, as you are adding energy, while stillness would be removing energy and thus negative. Maybe "additive" and "subtractive" would be better terms? I suppose if you analyze it too much, it all just devolves into which dichotomy you want to choose, haha -- but I think there is likely one which would explain them all. Or at least, it will make me happy if there is. =) For the folks noting all the stuff about spheres, an interesting observation which I didn't see someone make but I'm also way behind on the thread (should this move to bgg?): the inner circle has the names of all the spheres, mek mind, al soul, qu quantum, nas matter, vin force, BUT the bio sphere, according to the 11-minute video, appears to be rak, not ko, so, interesting divergence there. Also, I'm curious about the symbols on the outside. el and vin have 4, the rest have 3 (notably, those touching the horizontal are the sounds with the single symbol: het, fos, gu, el), and I feel like part of the symbol attached to het is hidden by the serpent along the circumference, the symbol is too similar to one attached to... I think it's uur? (doing this from memory, on a trip XD) Hello Matthew, your explanation is indeed a bit more elegant, allthough I don't really lik the explanation positive and negative. There more to counterparts of the same sphere. I mean which would you define positive, motion or stillness? I've been thinking on it and I think that maater might be divided in Ith, upon self Uur upon others I also have the feeling that soul might be divided in Good (Dash) and Evil (Bek), No prove as of yet, just a gut feeling. And I would find it logic if mind was divided into will and focus two of the inner energies. Again, no prove as of yet. @Raoul @Jeremy Looking at your analysis of the 18 words, it seems to be correct. Something which would offer a much more elegant explanation, though, is that each of the 6 words in the inner circle (the 6 spheres), could be divided into POSITIVE and NEGATIVE energies. This explains both Ko (+el, life; -rak, death) and Nas (+thol, motion; -gu, stillness) and I imagine it could be applied to each of the other spheres as well, though I don't know how exactly. Will there be pronunciation guides on the main website? It would be super useful to hear the sounds pronounced and a few strung together so they could be practiced. Please give me the Dutch "G" I always have a laughing fit when a natve english tries to pronounce that one. Legacy Speaker Raoul Hagenbeek, I agree, with practice even a non-English speaker should be able to learn Serpent's Tongue just like any language. The current phonology will most likely change however. I wouldn't read too much into the current list of sounds. I am also planning on including some sounds that might give a little challenge to English speakers. Sounds that they are not used to pronouncing :-) @Aaron son of Gabriel... Technically I suppose you could expect people with too thick an accent to learn to surpress it. I mean, let's face it most people for whom English is not the native tongue will face similar problems. They must learn to pronounce serpent tongue as it should be spoken. Thus I see no problem in people with too thick an accent to learn to pronounce serpent tongue the same wa as these people should. Sure it'll take a little practice, but even though pronounciation is based on the english language. It IS a different language alltogether, so it could require some practice. That said as kind of a linguist myself, if you evaluate the different syllables I can hardly find one that would become unpronounceable. Mostly because each contains but a single vowl. The tricky ones in my opinion would be those with the combination TH. which could lead to fun pronounciations And I suppose Dash and Nas could sound pretty similair coming from someone speaking through the nose. But other then that the whole thing will prove more amusing when vowels are spoken in different accents. (Of course Ive only seen three syllable spells and none of the longer ones) Legacy Speaker Raoul Hagenbeek, great comment about accents. I am meeting with our linguistics experts tonight and will ask them about that. My vision is that an accent will not be a deal breaker in tournaments. It is possible that an accent gets so thick that the Serpent's Tongue is not recognizable though. At that point it would be become a problem for the speaker I would imagine. Wow, not too far to go to reach the $50k stretch goal! Welcome all new Magi. On another note, anyone else excited about the Aya’huascan advanced specialization? When I saw that specialization, I knew then that I had backed the right game and game Dev's! You can see a list of advanced specializations here: <url>"Het" (which could be will) @Raoul a shield itself is just a material item, thus the matter domain. And yes I think you might be right about the motion and immobility thing. @ Jeremy, I think you're right, but not as much stop as void of motion. Your comment about KOTH would mean, somthing like liquid life blood... So could force be seperated in Motion and Immobility? A shield is sturdy force, @Raoul I don't think Gu alone is used for shield/defense/protection. If you notice on the glyph for lesser binding of etheric protection, between Rak and Gu the glyph passes through Ith and Het. I think these two influence Gu for the final effect. Al: Soul Rak: Life or self Ith: Shield + Het: of Will + Gu: Stop = Barrier But as a level 1 spell only AlRakGu is spoken, so in higher level spells you probably have to spell out the connections more. This would also explain why higher level spells need more syllables, as the workings of these spells are more specific and require more explanation to the cosmic energies of what you're trying to ask them to do. ture, if it wasn't for jeremy I wouldn't have seen the first clue... On a related sidenote, on the website we show the spell for lesser etheric binding as Al'Rak'Gu. It would roughly translate (through my eyes) as: protection (gu/defense) for the soul (al) through binding the etheric energies (rak/death) Ahh wait suppose credit should be given to jeremy too (I'm tired) still nice catch @Raoul Wow, I think you might be right there really neat that you caught that. @ Jeremy thanks man. I can't wait to get my hands on this game. I've played lots of CCGs but this one takes the cake. I still love to play Netrunner (have a 10000 card collection) and VTES. I even gave Rifts a try, its pretty good, the quality of the cards were really good to. Shadowrun TCG was good to. To bad people didnt give Netrunner, Rifts and Shadowrun a chance. Well at least we get Shadowrun Returns, another one i pledge to. Oh my, I see part of the pattern now the inner circle represents the 6 spheres... Etheric Mek: Mind Al: Soul Qu: Quantum Physical Ko: Bio Vin: Matter Nas: Force The second ring divides these elements. For example I think Bio is divided in: El: Life Rak: Death And Fos as sub-sphere of quantum stands destruction Looking at the Lesser Death Touch (the only card we've seen front and back. Domain etheric (it first word is in the etheric plane) Al 'Rak 'Fos Al: Sphere of Soul Rak: sub-sphere of death Fos: destruction So it's a damaging (death) spell through destruntion of the soul.... I've also seen indicators that Gu might mean something like protection/shield/defense as part of force that would make sense too. So if I would guess a low level physical heal spell could be something like Ko'Cath'El Physical domain Bio Sphere Sub sphere of creation (Qu quantum, where Fos equals destruction and Cath might represent creation) El Life. Of course this is pure speculation on my part. @randy only if your opposition calls it into question, but I have a feeling that as the game goes one learns the other accent and the way they pronounce things @Arnaldo we thank you. only $2,139 more to go. That's better and more complex than I originally thought. It does, however, make things more difficult for accents or ESL people. darn it, broke down and upgraded to ETERNAL FONT!!! so i just realized why koth is the way it is... i think. ko is the root of the bio domain, and th is probably from thol. Thol is from the force domain and might represent flowing, since blood does indeed flow. Also just looking at the function of spells can show you their roots. Example (hypothetical) the spell Time Stop: Time is one of the basic ideas in the quantum domain, and Stop or stopping is an idea from the force domain. @Randy if I remember correctly, I think those 18 words are only the basic ones, and others are formed by string together ideas. Such as Ko is the word for the bio domain, and koth, ko+th, is the word for blood. So there may be many more. *info from <url>"Dash" and someone pronounces it Daash, or Dosh, I would think they'd both be acceptable, as it is clear which of the 18 words they're using. You know, it will be interesting to play online with people that have distinct accent of the english language... I mean, as a Dutch I have learned the rather "posh" English, but I've learned to speak different accents due to acting classes and just plain interest in language. I've been said my Irish Brogue is rather authentique :-) I can imagine the language of serpent tongue incoorporating these different accent and would love to hear the difference between for example the Aussies, Americans, Irish, Scots and Brittish.... Since it is said to be based on english. The real question here, will these accents become punishable on tournaments or is the language formed in a way that even the slight differences between accents will not form a barrier in casting spells. Awesome, good to know about the multiple pledging! Good to know I can still expand my pledge if I think we need that extra nudge to get to whatever the next tier will be when this drive is finishing up! :D This game will be awesome, can't wait. I need an inscription that will allow me to bend time and place myself in July. Magi Cowley has entered the fray. I'm going to use my Australian accent to sow confusion and disarray. Naw, it's not a living card game nor designed as one - there's intentional randomization with a normalizing element. It works fine for the games it is for, but it's intended here as part of their finance model that people actually buy inscription packs, just not the rare-resale sheer cost issue of MTG. I mean something kind of has to be an LCG from the ground up - of course EVERYONE would prefer the LCG model, it's cheaper. Everyone would prefer it for MTG also. While I admire the Avak'Shar idea, allowing players to purchase cards with points obtained via boosters, I much prefer the LCG route. Each "booster" has preset cards, i.e. no randomization. This means players can decide which LCG packs they want to purchase, and be guaranteed to receive the cards they want. It works rather well for the Fantasy Flight LCGs. thanks Eternal Jake...I pledge for sacred font, i wish they at least add line for life, at least just to get one set of expansion and inscription case added. I'm really debating if i should get the eternal font. @Randy, that's what ultimately killed my interest in MTG. I took a couple years off and now I'm only able to play with people that were playing the same time as I was. At this point they've updated the rules and released I think 6 editions since I was active. One of the perks of the game, is that people should be able to play with me in perpetuity, even if we have to use the set I have. Well, as I'm fond of pointing out, Avak'shar ranks mean that the average cost of a rare should be around the cost of 3 boosters (assuming average rank points is 3-4) since you can send away for 1 copy with the benefits of those 3 boosters AND keep all the cards you got from the inscription packs. The MAX a rare should cost is as much as 9 packs + shipping, but this is still way less than the top magic rares. Inasmuch as the game is a money chase, it's a very limited one where no one will have to look forever for the cards they want and so on - as to banning x cards from competitive play, well yeah. MTG has formats that move on and formats that don't, L5R has restricted formats, and so on - the issue becomes that of any tournament setting, if something is so powerful that it dominates the playing field it might need a ban or restriction to support it. We'll see how it goes when it's out, but we're speculating about a game we haven't seen. Just, anyone worried about this game becoming as much of a rare hunt as MTG - Avak'Shar ranks are a rarity cost limiter, anyone selling a non-exclusive card for more than the cost of 9 boosters will be ripping people off, basically. @Arnaldo I think that's pretty much the case. Unless they'll let you over-pledge by the amount of the other reward and sort it out after getting funded, yeah, second account would probably be easiest :) I hope that they somehow find a way to uphold what they said about how someone that just wants to buy the core set, and never any other cards, can still remain highly competitive. The thing I hate about CCGs is the power creep, and how blatantly money-grubbing some of these (cough...MTG) companies get with the pushing out of hundreds of new cards every single year. Cards becoming "antiquated" shouldn't happen. That's probably the only thing that would drive me away from this game, should it ever happen. how can i pledge on two separate rewards? anyone know how? Its seems like i might have to open another account. @Michael, if the cards become too much of an issue for competitive play, I think that tournaments will probably just remove them from play, or just from some divisions of play. It is fun sometimes to play MTG without any restrictions, but it does have the nasty side effect of making it an even more expensive hobby. We'll have to see how it plays, but at this point, I think it's too late for them to take back the exclusives as many people pledged for them. Personally, I'd be reasonable fine with it, as long as I got all the other stuff. Legacy Speaker Fuchs, yes a pronouciation video is an excellent idea. We need everyone speaking the Serpent's Tongue the same way. I am very excited about the language aspect of this game. The language is being built for the long run. We are taking care that the foundation is well laid from a linguistic point of view. Re: A discussion that happened earlier I do think a lot of people pledged with the goal being kickstarter exclusives as much as anything else. While my pledge being cooperative with a bunch of people in two separate cabals means I have now gone well beyond "getting the exclusives" in terms of commitment, it was the availability of this limited run of cards which got me to pledge in the first place. I'm sure I'm not alone - and the limited printing nature of some cards has been a selling point from our intrepid developers (Christopher for example comparing these specializations to Black Lotus in terms of increasing value once people have bought in). While I understand people who don't get in at startup wanting the exclusives, the exclusive cards are extra trading capital for kickstarter founders and represent an implicit promise that they will be, well, exclusives. I confess I'd be a bit disappointed if they entered regular circulation instead of being for the founding magi, well, exclusively. On another note, a bunch of friends and I are going to be running some games on Roll20 once it debuts on May 1, so I'll keep an eye out for its usability for ST once we do that, and report in here about it (I'll probably also post a review on the Serpent's Tongue forums at Boardgamegeek. I encourage everyone to check out Boardgamegeek.com by the way, since it has a Serpent's Tongue forum (which I know is linked from the updates), and will make a good place for organization leagues and cabals for the game post-release. @Christopher, so they'll likely be slightly smaller than 4x6? As long as they fit in a 4x6 sleeve I don't think it's going to be an issue, but if they're just too big to fit in a 4x6 sleeve that would probably require special cases. @Chris Have you finalized the dimensions of the cards yet? Are they exactly 4" x 6"? I've seen good quality photo sleeves measuring 4-3/8" x 6-1/4" but I have no experience in photo sleeves or trading card game sleeves. (I suppose this can wait until the game is printed, but why be patient?) I started a thread on BGG about sleeves. Hope you find it useful. <url>"4x6 protective sleeve" and found quite a few options. Photo storage is one possibility as is recipe card sleeves. I think the latter is probably the best option as it's typically designed to handle wetness. How about these? 200 for 5 or so dollars. They don't look very tight though. <url>"Inscription Packs contain higher level Canon cards and all levels of Obscura. The Incantations, Artifacts, new Specializations, Nam-Shubs, and Rites are classified as Canon, Rare and Legendary. Inscription packs come with a controlled randomization of these categorizations. Plus a randomized amount of Reputation." If some higher level Canon cards come with the Core set then those might overlap. Otherwise I think the idea is to keep the two groupings of cards semi-distinct actually. Looking forward to more info also! I'm pretty sure that there's some overlap between core cards and inscription packs. Core set well be standardized but I'd expect to be able to find anything this isn't Avak'Shar exclusive to potentially show up in the inscription packs. And as for how the inscription packs will be packed, I'd expect sort of a "structured randomization", but there are a ton of design serials as to the particulars there and it may be too soon for that kind of product decision, or potentially something they don't want to disclose. I don't believe that anything in the core set is also in the inscription packs, based on what has been said thus far. The core set is the apprentice and adept level Canon while the packs are the magi level Canon and the Obscura. Not 100% specifics yet but that's what I think we know. I still would really like an FAQ on Core Set/Magi Set/What's in the Inscription packs (how many unique, how many doubling of Magi or Core Set cards, etc). A really clear breakdown of everything. Indeed Eternal Englund, and Is what I am excited about. I just want to make sure, though :D I think there will be considerable value to both 1v1 and team competitions, and those competitions might be tiered based on skill level. Depending on how difficult some cards are to cast, I mean, certain folks might be sought out for teams because of their aptitude with a particular class of spells or specializations. For example, I think I'm going to be totally hooked on the Bulwark specialization, and try to focus on those kinds of spells first, and that'll probably pair really well with a glass cannon type of specialization (But we'll see!) @Christopher, I think there's plenty of curiosity about gameplay balance. Especially for those of us that have played other CCGs and TCGs. I'm also curious as to whether you imagine the tournament scene being 1v1 or teams as well :) Awesome, can't wait to read all the FAQs! I can't wait to start diving into the world setting and "fluff" for Serpent's Tongue. I see the possibility for an amazing amount of storytelling here, and I look forward to both seeing it and participating in it! Heh better get the next stretch reward ready we are gettin close to achieving it! I'm impressed with the number of new backers between today and yesterday $46k! Awww yeaaahh! @Eternal Jake Englund: If you have any luck with Card Kingdom let me know. I have Seattle friends who play there and aren't in a position to back the Kickstarter but could become players after release. @Fuchs If it's any consolation, I didn't even notice either of the two typos until you pointed it out ;) Also, just sent my first e-mail to promote ST among my local game stores.(The Dreaming, in particular) *fingers crossed* My typo has been quoted. I am sad now. Mobile device typing is too hard :p "As long as they are balanced towards the gameplay, I see no issue with it. Now, if thy are better than anhing else in the set, that's a problem." I am in agreement with this. Not to mention, in hosting a competition, if something does end up being too unbalanced/overpowered, those running the competition could set their own rules banning particular cards. (I know it's a bit of a cop-out like MTG but unless you're omniscient, it happens from time to time.) It still wouldn't affect the value of the card too much in collecting or casual play, at least if other CCGs are any indication. (e.g. Skullclamp) I am so close to jumping from Magi to Master Player. So tempting...... As long as they are balanced towards the gameplay, I see no issue with it. Now, if thy are better than anhing else in the set, that's a problem. But from what I can tell, they all seem fairly balanced. Well, it DOES happen in CCGs(e.g. Black Lotus), and it IS nice to incentivize backing the project early. The thing about the Kickstarter-only cards is that while they will be powerful, they won't be BROKEN. There are other solutions in the game to just about anything a Kickstarter backer might throw at you, you might just have to be a little more creative. I think they've been very careful to try to maintain the balance of the cards, with the understanding that there are some more "efficient" cards that are rarer, and these might be of that class. And there's nothing to keep you from obtaining such a kickstarter card if you REALLY want one, you might just have to pay a fair amount to buy it off of a backer ;) (And I think a number of people are backing _because_ there are kickstarter-only cards, changing that out under their feet would pretty much be a sucky thing to do.) I'm not a huge fan of Kickstarter only cards that might be powerful. I like exclusivity but I also hate feeling like those who weren't hip to getting in early are forever locked out of some cool card with awesome art. I would much prefer they be eventually put up as something you can buy with ranks - even if they are really expensive to buy with ranks. I know I would personally feel bummed if I was the one discovering the game late and then was immediately locked out of some good cards (especially if they are competitive). @Gabriel Caban Welcome! While we're waiting for more gameplay videos, you can always send your friends over to the official rules page and have them give it a read. I found it quite instructive and a good peek into the gameplay: <url>"Magi" (particularly when always capitalized!) lends itself easily to being a title, similar to titles of nobility in Europe. It works perhaps MORE nicely if it's a way of setting themselves apart from "mere humans". ("Most of the members of this Council are human, but /I/ am Magi.") I see a lot of Magi considering themselves a superior breed, even transcending humanity altogether with their pitiful single lives and lack of TRUE power. @Thomas Sure, like the MTG format, or in the changes a person makes to the world during their life :) Just meant in conjunction with Speaker, and with the similar usages of speaker in the other tiers, Speaker Legacy just don't flow as nicely as Legacy Speaker does (for me anyway, but we've already concluded that I'm weird XD) @Fuchs, thanks, I think I'm making the right decision here. It's a chunk of change, but from what I'm seeing, the game should be worth it. Plus, it means that I only have to convince people to play with me, rather than buy their own set. I'm sure once they play they'll be hooked like I was after the first game I played of MTG. @Kato, I say they do as many as they can, unless of course they can find a way of using the money to provide more content. @Jake, Legacy is also a noun under some circumstances. How many more art upgrades do you need anyway? I am the Black Wizards^^ Anyone?... @Fuchs: Yep, it is. I mean, it just sounds better, given that Speaker is a noun and Legacy is an adjective too ^^; And I tried having "Speaker of the Eternal Font" in my name, which is a pretty grandiose title, but a little too verbose for the space it's usually placed into, so I decided to just use Eternal, and I'd supposed "Speaker of the Sacred Font" could just abbreviate to "Sacred". XD Congratulations on upgrading Thomas! Glad to have you in the Legacy Speakers! As a sidenote, and I only know this from an email I got when I wrote the staff, the title for that tier is actually "Legacy Speaker (Last Name)" I also had it as Speaker Legacy before that :) @Magus Jonathan Butz - Here is a response my brother Christopher gave someone else on the same topic- I thought about this quite a bit actually when designing Serpent's Tongue. I chose the word Magi to be simultaneously singular and plural in the game world. In THAT world its become a slang term for the truth behind the legends of Mages, Magicians, Druids, Fakirs, Sorcerors and others claiming mystical powers. Somewhere along the line Magi became one of the most common terms used to refer to Speakers of Serpent's Tongue and its particular form (plural in the singular) denotes that you are talking about someone real, someone with true power, rather than the charlatans of fantasy stories. The grammar surrounding its use is different as well, rather than saying he is a Magi (that probably really hurts your ears huh lol) in the game world one would say he IS Magi. Possibly a shortened form of He is OF the Magi. I upgraded myself. It's a chunk of change, but when all is said and done, being able to play 4 player games and getting future inscriptions is nice. Plus, the cost of living around here means that I can afford to splurge once in a while. I really hope we hit that $50k mark, I'm working on converting my friends. I believe that they stated that they would not using the term magus because the pronunciation could be confusing to someone who hasn't heard it before. So they were just going to use magi. @Jonathon, that depends upon what precisely you mean. Yes, magi is plural, but it's also genitive as well. But at any rate, I'm not really sure that it's worth worrying about. ... Dammit comma. What are you doing there? Bluh I should ,have remembered that. Just as a note to other backers, "Magi" is the plural form of "Magus". As in "I am a Magus, and we are Magi." Like cactus and cacti, but with reality-altering incantations instead of spines. Unless you have a reality-altering incantation that GIVES you spines, in which case it is exactly the same. Presumably it works the same way with "Nagus", but I don't actually know that and would have to refer to an expert. 6,999 to go. I'd like to see the other stretch rewards. Give us something to look forward to. May I add one more reward for the next stretch goal? An actual video of people playing the game. Honestly even if people are playing on note cards I want to see how the game works. @Jayce, the challenge is getting the money out of RMB and into something like USD. Getting a CC here at all is nearly impossible for foreigners. Virtually everything is done with cash and if you're extremely lucky, they'll let you pay with a Unionpay debit card. Unfortunately, it's basically useless outside of China and only uses RMB. I still have 18 days, so I should be able to work something out before I run out of time. Is there anything over there similar to the "Virtual Visa Cards" that some European backers used for the Wasteland 2 KS? I'm trying to find a way of paying to upgrade to SPEAKER LEGACY. LINE FOR LIFE, but I'll have to figure out how to get my RMB in my bank to a US credit card to pay for it. Worst case I borrow from my parents and pay them back. That $40 fee to wire the money is killer. Considering that this will be my last purchase of anything major in China, I think it's a worthwhile choice. @Lindsley: I think it's just you...? I still see it on all my devices, anyway. Is it just me or did the next Tier Goal just disappear? Heh, the more I look at the demo videos the more excited I get about this game!!! @Zeiger: A tech section would definitely be interesting and something I'd follow! (Never underestimate the resourcefulness/usefulness of a group of dedicated fans, especially when a decent number of them are geeks XD) @Master Englund: You make a good point about voice rec (I have some experience with this at work). This is something I'm interested in exploring. . @Gunnar: Maybe you can create a Technology Section (or something) on the forums? A place to discuss video clients and phone apps and the many other things Magi will develop. I'd love to see a Necronom-iPhone as used in the Charles Stross books! Now I'm excited. /Agree with Jake. If we're going with Judeo-Christian mysticism (which we are), Then a certain group of people may be descended from Lilith, First wife of Adam, mother of all monsters, and consort of the Light Bringer. Probably the Speaker Antagonists. :p Ooh interesting stuffs indeed.-/][\- this is gonna be very fun to work with story wise @Majjintor Potentially Lillith, on top of the options you suggest? :) Hmm I can't help but notice the flavor text on the card. That MOST humans are descended from the all mother. I'm curious as to who those other humans are descended from. Are they created beings or perhaps just another line that popped up? I can't help but think there may be a way to wrangle a speech recognition engine to handle the small subset of sounds that makes up Serpent's Tongue. I guess we'll have to see when it comes out how complex the spells can get, but there may be some potential even though modern speech recognition still kinda sucks. But, this coming from the guy who worked on the rules engine for MTGO, so, lol XD; @Magi Michael: There is a forum thread on BGG discussing Video Clients. Once the R20 Beta opens I will probably make some mock cards and begin testing the ST mechanics as I understand them. The forum link: <url>"how to cast" it was listed at BGG but I can't watch it at work. (Two hours or so until I'm home! :) ) I'm glad others are interested in Roll20. I find it funny... almost as if the energies of universe were aligning to produce two kickstarters simultaneously that mesh so well together.... hmm... @Tiwaz that's about how I'm understanding it too, though for some of the level 3+ spells my guess would be that even if you get a refresher (or if it's the first time you're seeing it), it may actually be a bit of a challenge to pronounce it correctly if you haven't practiced, so that might be a check/balance for what sure seems like a pretty powerful ability! So, just to be clear here, if I'm reading this right, One of the powers of the Eve Specialization is basically, "Pay 2x the spell level in resonance, look at the back of the card"? As in, I want to cast a Level 3 spell, but I don't actually remember the incantation, so I can spend 6 resonance, and LOOK AT THE BACK and check the incantation? *_* huh... It was mentioned downstream: Roll20 is looking amazing, and the very fact it has a facility for voice and visual chat makes it great for Serpent's Tongue where you need to be able to see the other magi's "hand" and casting stand (I've already tested out a table with a suspended webcam to give people a top-down view of my hand and board situation,with a tilted casting stand to display the card "up"). Roll20 is also web based so maybe the developers of THIS kickstarter project can use THAT kickstarter project for official tournament functions online. Hmmm, I was pretty sure I was going to want to focus on the Bulwark specialization, but Eve Speaker looks pretty hot if we can hit that goal, hehe =) The forum should have at top, an informational section, FAQ, company announcements, etc. From there I would think a general discussion about ST, A tourney section, Maybe a section to discuss strategies and tactics? If we are having to sign in, what about a section specifically for the Founders, that only we can see to keep our close tie to work with the dev team going throughout the years... Hey new stretch goal! wooo looks like a fun specialization RP Forum is a must! Looks like we've got a grand ole community of roleplayers here, must encourage it. There looks like a definite interest in a meet-up/online match-up section where people can post a 'who wants to play?' I personally would love some sort of dedicated RP forum, not sure how others would think of it but I love my RP. I am still working on the forum situation fellas. If you have any requests for forum structure let me know. What sort of forum categorization do you want to see? @Magi Apoc: Mmm pizza. Now I want to go out for lunch. It feels hard to believe there are still 18 days remaining! I really hope we can blow out whatever new stretch goals they post -- I'm ready! Since our group lives on islands surrounded by a heck of a lot of water the geographic region makes sense to us. But for Magi living in urban areas things are different. I think over time the threads may coalesce around specific Cabals. The Cabals could be based in a city, cover a wide geographic area, or simply be a group of friends who live all over the planet but have joined together. So I see it as Cabal-centric rather than geo-centric (though most cabal members will usually be geographically close). I think both are acceptable... the diaspora of the Magi is wide and varied, while some collect in cities others form bonds over larger regions. The Magi of Chicago are no less or greater than their brethren of the Sahara...though they do have better pizza. :) So I was looking on the BGG fourms and wondering... We currently have threads for both Metro areas and Geographical regions. Should we do one or the other, or keep both types? Well regardless of a single pin type or multiple I will proudly bear mine at events! (Provided I can get to them!) beta+1 I decided to back ROLL20 so I can Beta Test it. Besides using it for remote RPG I also want to test it with Serpent's Tongue. Is anyone else doing the Beta? A Magi's welcome to you CW! Excited to be #300! Finally...300 Founders! That's a good idea, I should chat with some of the game stores in the area and see if I can get any on-board! (The Dreaming, Berserk Games, Gamma Ray Games, etc... :P) Especially any that have play areas, since I'm sure people just SEEING the game will be a big step towards being impressed with it and wanting to try it too. I have a friend who had a booth at PAX last year and probably this year as well, if there's any one-on-one questions he might be able to answer about the process, for anyone who's interested. (Protip: Avoid getting set up next to the Dance Central booth XD) I have a Dev crush on UnBoUnd Games! I just love it when Dev and community become closely intertwined. Can't wait to see the pins (we all know we're going to get there). I twitted a local gamestore today, hopefully they check it out. Nice. I shall wear mine with pride. I like the one pin idea, it's far easier noticing a guy has a pin then having to pull out a massive chart of pins to see what level backer he or she was. I can't wait YEAH! Second Stretch Goal! Well, I'll just be comment 800. Come on, 300...step on down! Okay so I backed this and just checked back to find I wasn't a backer. Weird. I thought I read something about the Font supporters getting a few pins (like a couple of each level)...? I know I'm gonna want a pin, anyway XD;;; The eternal font backers should get a nice certificate or something comparable, since they were designed for a game center, and the founders should get pins based on their level. Aaaand forward again. Thanks to whoever upped their pledge to boost it back over $42k! Ouch, we just went backwards...ok, who dropped their pledge amount? Don't make us throw the Codex at ya! Anybody else notice the ST banner ad appearing on BGG now? Just saw it a moment ago: "Finally a TRUE spell casting game". Nice. Alright! Digital timers for the win! I'll definitely be playing it at PAX, lots of people come by and ask what you're playing when they don't know. Was sure true with 7 Wonders! But thanks, gonna go buy my tickets right now! Woohoo, new stretch reward! :D Having the game at PAX would be a great way to promote it. As an aside, Pax Prime tickets have now gone onsale. Chris, I really feel it could be very beneficial to consider attending to promote ST. Here's a link to preliminary panel information. <url>"the average number of packs to send away for it" and only exclusives or promos will go above that due to inaccessibility (or I suppose anything you can't get with ranks), I also want to applaud the idea that, while anyone can make a given codex (there are only 198 cards in set one after all, which provides a lot of combinations but is not overwhelming), it'll take a fair bit of studying and learning the language to excel. This way people can't buy a tome of good incantations and be a master magi in 30 seconds, or rely on luck (the lack of a randomized draw makes every decision strategic). I can't wait to see this game take off, I know it will at least among the dozen people I'm planning games with, and - Speaking as someone invested in the project, if I had to name ONE priority it would be actual judged competitive matches via Skype or other online venue, once the difficulties with that get worked out. This is mostly because I don't see many people in physical proximity to me picking this up right away. I think a cool goal would be a Physical Serpents Key. Something cool for the table. BTW, what does the outter band of symbols on the key represent? The runes are neat, on it. 1: I'm super stoked over reaching the 42K stretch goal! It's not the answer to life, the universe, and everything, it's /ten thousand times more/. (Mathematically, that is.) II: I'm an Eternal Font backer, and I support a single Founder's pin. A single design can be produced for much less cost than specialized ones for each tier, and can be more distinctive. If there are multiple pin types, a player who isn't aware of Kickstarter might not recognize a rank-specialized pin. On the other hand, if there is a single founder's pin, it can easily have a symbol that any player would instantly connect to Serpent's Tongue, granting all founders immediate recognition from fellow Magi. This seems like a better solution both from a cost-of-production and benefit-to-recipients standpoint. C: I love what I've seen of the world of Serpent's Tongue, and can't wait to get my hands on everything about the world setting and "fluff". Congratulations to everyone backing this project, and to making stretch goal #2! Woo more stretch rewards! Also anyone else looking into playing ST online until the ST team can get around to making a client? Besides Skype and Google+ have you guys looked at Roll20.net? <url>~! Wonder what the next stretch goal will be? @ Gradius - Check the Q&A under what do I get: <url>#8979394 Inscription pack appears to be 10 cards A case has 288 cards - I know the math doesn't add up...but that's what we have so far :) Ah thanks LS Techgnostik! I wasn't sure if that meant you received the 288 or a subset of that amount. I'm gonna wait and see what the next stretch goal is before committing, being in the UK means I gotta think about shipping alas (my question answered by the forums...) apparently 4 boosters contain 40 cards, and a case will contain between 275-300 cards. So probably 28 inscription packs come with the case, plus all those juicy Avak'Shar points @Gradius " The case alone retails for $75, and includes 288 additional uncommon, rare & legendary incantations." Now go upgrade! :) This is probably a question already answered, but how many cards are in a) an inscription pack, and b) a CASE of inscription packs. I'm dangerously close to bumping up to Magi.... XD @Ryan You must be reading pages from my journal :) Totally understand. I'm just selfish. I want more info and I want more people buying into it. Then I want the game asap. :D I believe there's a note somewhere about Christopher currently finishing an MBA - and it is exam/end of term time... between that and all the other bits of life that twist in and out; I'm certain things are just really, really busy for the devs, but I'm sure they're planning some info releases soon, including a game-play video. Excellent. The timers are a great idea since it takes the focus away from watching an hourglass (and they are easier to toss in a pocket and survive transport). I still think a video of a round or two being played would go a long way to swaying fence sitters. Peachy keen, we did it! Thanks and welcome to our newest Magi -- you've made this better for everyone! Next up, 300 backers! Congratulations everyone! Sweet. Jubilations all round! UnBoUnd team, bravo :) @master dannicus: Indeed my work too shall suffer for today. Please post them quickly so I dont break my F5 button. Congratulations everyone on making it to the Tier 2 Stretch Goal! Electronic timers for all! Oh this is not good for work productivity. Now I have to sit and refresh until I see what the next Stretch Goal Reward is. Yes!! We hit the Tier 2 stretch-goal!!!! Finally backed the project. Only $230 more to the next tier! @ the Sons of Gabrielson: I'm backing this project as part of a cabal with my two brothers. Would it be possible to have all three of us credited as founders and have the Avak'Shar ranks split between the three of us? Also, would it be possible for those in cabals to pay a couple more dollars for more pins? (At least to have one for every member of the cabal.) $10.....$10 until another wonderful addition to the game we love.... Get it Done. Ok folks, the wife and I decided we're upping our game to Speaker Legacy to help us get to the $42k stretch-goal. Now someone go out there and get us the next $10! @Prodigy Master Brimstone I think you misunderstand my post. At no point did I say that anyone had previously said that not all founders were important, or that they shouldn't get pins. I was actually just making a point that having a single founders pin design would recognize the importance of all founders equally (and I myself made the suggestion that perhaps only Apprentice and above should get the pins...that was made mostly from a financial perspective). Only $230 to go til Stretch Reward # 2. Call your family, friends, neighbors, heck your enemies (Get them into the world of ST and then fry them with a carefully pronounced Fireball Incantation) GO GO GO! I think Master Techgnostik you misunderstood the earlier comment. Noone said that some founders would not receive the pins. Rather that each rank could have a founders rank pin. At no point did anyone say that all founders were not important and that not all founders should have a pin. That being said if it were one pin for founders, then later there were rank pins, that too would work fine. Again I am still not opposed to paying a little extra for the pin and having that help to swell our pledges. We are getting a LOT of material here and it wouldnt hurt to pay a little extra for something cool. @Ryan I think your idea of having one pin design for all Founders, rather than separate pins for each rank, is absolutely the way to go (maybe the pin could be for Apprentice and above levels only). It was a team effort and all Founders are important and should be recognized as such. @Aaron Would it be possible, near release, to include a video tutorial of how each piece should be pronounced? The phonetic rules are awesome. but there are those of us that'll still get it wrong unless they hear it :p only 385$ to go! woo. Also that is a good to hear that it's going to be laid out how to speak the serpents tongue, would be rather odd to see people speak the words differently and still get the spells off @Jake Englund, the language will have clear phonetic rules (at least for English speakers). There will be some sounds that will be more challenging, but it will be designed around English speakers primarily. That is an important game play element because there can only be one correct way to speak an incantation. If it is ambigious it will cause problems. And a pin with a serpent on it would not only appeal to me from the ST perspective but also my Harry Potter house Slytherine leanings. ;) I could see one flat founder pin. Then later on sell unique pins for each rank. That way as people gain ranks in tournaments or whatnot they could have a pin denoting so (similar to military ranking) and us founders would have something unique. I would happily wear two lapel pins in a tournament - one to denote my skill level and one to denote my founder status. As a side note, having one design for all founders would make it easier to get the numbers needed to make an affordable bulk order. Quick question for devs - are the tier level Avak'Shar ranks cumulative? When we hit 42,000 does everyone upgrade from 6 ranks to 20 or combine the two for 26? You make a good point about bulk orders. Keep in mind that at this point there are over a hundred adept and magi but not the other ranks. Stretch goals ensure more backers and thus more magi at every level, making the pins more cost effective to a certain degree. Though I think there is a point to be made for interim pledge levels. I agree 100% with this. Two things I am willing to caveat. First that these pins should be founders pins and unique to any other pin. Even if that means it has a little pip on it, or a red star or something denoting founder. Then each rank should be denoted as well from Apprentice to Speaker. Now we have to be realistic about the cost of a pin. Pins are not cheap. I belong to a certain fraternal organization that orders pins frequently and I promise they are not cheap to get. That being said I think that pins should NOT be part of a stretch reward, but instead should be an additional item you can purchase like the extra tomes. First make sure you have a minimum of 100 people willing to order them so you can place a real order amount and not the ridiculous price of ones and twos. Second you charge for them a little more than cost and that helps reach the next stretch goal and fund the game further also. Win-Win. Everyone gets cool pins, you have a design for future pins (minus the unique founder mark), and you help further fund the game. I would be willing for sure to throw in a few bucks for a cool exclusive pin. And I remember how popular items like this are with LARPers. And make no mistake this game is a LARP style game. You dont have to dress up like a mage to play it, but you speak in an ancient language and use somatic components to cast spells. So... LARP. Anyway these pins could be a boon to draw people to the game for neat swag. And then you sell them at future conventions to the folks who attain ranks within the game. Cash Cow much? Anyway I am just saying, there is loot ahoy and I dont want you to miss the boat. Yes, lapel pins sound awesome! As long as they meet the high quality standards you've set for everything else, of course. We're soooo close....can't wait to see the next stretch goal. Also very stoked to see the next update from Aaron on the language and new team members! Go ST! Soooo Very Close. I like the idea of pins, I mean, you could wear it without anyone but another magi even knowing what it means. And yet we can pick each other out of a crowd. I for one wouldn't mind colourcoded pins, however I would love the kickstarter pin... if any would be different from any pins you might want to release at a later date... something with the word founder comes to mind... As you keep calling us that. I'd wear my Serpent key lapel pin with pride :-) Lapel pins sound ok, so long as they are good quality metal ones with different designs for each pledge level. Just having different coloured pins would be a big disappointment. I'd want something unique to my level of donation. Make us want to collect lapel pins as well as your cards, and you're onto a winner ; ) Also, despite only having just prepurchased the game, I'm already wanting to show off to my friends: the market for t-shirts, paraphernalia, posters etc is something that could definitely make you some quick bucks. For those who can't afford the jump from $45-85 or $85-$155 you could offer low cost merchandise to catch the missing money. For $11 you could easily offer other rewards as well as Codex, (face it: we all own a Codex) and maybe tack them onto other reward pledges for the more generous backers. Personally, that's where I'd like to see the next stretch goal heading. We want to promote your hard work, it deserves more attention fo sho. Welcome Magi Joshua! This is a great community for what looks to be an awesome game. While we're waiting for official forums (technical difficulties) check out the forums on BBG. <url>"SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY" Haha :) hopefully you can spread that enthusiasm around and get some other people to pledge too! But even if not, we're getting closer! Yay! You'd have to beat a whole lot of people to get to a place as prodicy or antagonist Master Malpas... one of them being me ;-) There, thats better. :) And if you open up any more slots for prodigy or antagonist speakers, I will absolutely pledge up. Welcome to the flock Joshua, wether you be initiate, magi, master or speaker The fastest I have ever backed a project. 2 minutes from video to 'Pledge'. Congratulations and looking forward to this! Augh, that last $978 to the next reward tier is tormenting me XD; Thank you in advance to the awesome folks who are going to fill the gap! (Only building on top of all the nice folks who have contributed so far, of course ;D) Well, it's _gotta_ be better than learning Lojban XD Super exciting! This ling nerd's hoping that we can get the IPA equivalents for the syllables because I will INEVITABLY say them wrong, unless we can get quite a bit of leeway in the vowel sounds ^^; @Aaron, that would be awesome. I teach English and I'm always up for studying a new language. I haven't really had the chance to try my hand learning a constructed one before though. Thanks for the update Aaron! Awesome to hear. I look forward to seeing it! I wanted to let everyone know that our language team is working hard. We should have some new Serpent's Tongue language details to reveal next week. I will also be introducing our two newest members of the team soon. They are graduate students in linguistics with extensive experience in conlang design and cultural/historical linguistics. I have this vision in my head surrounding the lapel pins, walking through the halls of various game related events and conventions, a silent nod to the lower tiered magi, a knowing smirk to my fellow Masters, and a reverent bow to those who have gone before us. I figure I'll get onboard the name change train. Here's a fact about hour glasses. After prolonged use the sand wears down the inner glass and shortens the flow time. Er... 觉得, :) Me too 我想Brian讲中文 Glad to see the pin idea may have legs after all! I am psyched about swag. @Apocryphal Lore, for the most part I think it's going to be a logistical challenge. One of the big problems they're likely to encounter in China is getting things addressed so they get where they need to get. It's not easy sometimes to get the Chinese characters you need along with the Pinyon to ensure it gets to the right place. Which is why I'll be having mine shipped to the US. At some point they'll probably want to find a distributor in China, or Hong Kong to handle it as it's a lot easier for people that read and write Chinese to get things addressed properly. But, I suspect that the rest of Asia is probably not as bad. Ooooh! Lapel pin! Yes! What about a possibility of small items like posters, stickers, posters, t-shirts or posters? Did I mention posters? Because I really like posters! @Jeremy congrats on the Prodigy slot! @Thomas, there is some information on international shipping in the FAQ. I believe brian is trying to organize drop shipping to europe and asia to save costs. Canada is listed on the project home page as $9 for every level. It looks like shipping is just about everywhere but it might not be very cheap for magi in Bafwesende @jake Englund It's not just the cost of shipping it's figuring out where they can ship it and what the duties involved are. There's a reason why I'm going to have them ship my materials to my parents instead of me. And it's not just the cost of shipping. Looking at the rewards, I think we need something for the $85 to $155 hole. I'm not sure that it needs to be extravagant, but that's a really large range with nothing to fill it out. Even just a few extra inscriptions or some sort of mat to play on would probably do the trick. Finally got around to backing this. Can't wait to see those pins. ok, midwest thread is up on BGG <url>"line for life" stuff. This is probably written somewhere but I missed it - for Eternal Font level backers located in, say, Canada, is there a shipping cost requirement? What about on future expansions? The Asha'man from WOT is 100% what I was imagining when I said a lapel pin would be awesome. I can already see it on one of my mandarin collar black shirts for a tournament at GenCon! Well, I'm off to bed, I can't wait to see what we're up to in the morning (I won't be surprised in the least if we've hit 42k by then :P ) Also just a quick update, for a future reward I am working on. We really liked the idea of a pin that can be worn to tournaments and such, and we want to make this happen. Not sure where the reward will come in, but we want a special pin for each of the kickstarter ranks. Made me think of the Asha'man from WOT. Also if your reward contains multiple sets you would receive some lower ranking pins as well. Oh, I think the devs are likely aware; one of the things I greatly respect is that they don't promise what they haven't researched and thought out; likely they are looking into what they can concretely offer at the next stretch goal @Thomas I like the idea of a certificate. And I think someone else mentioned our name on one of the 4x6 cards. Not sure how possible that is, but I'd love to see a "Backer's Card". Something in 4x6 with a bit of artwork and our name/rank on it. I'd keep it in my Codex. @Prodigy Adept Schneider, Oh we're watching. The Pacific Islands are once again a place of mystic power. Magi looking to play around Hawaii should check out the start of our Cabal. <url>"Speaker of the (Eternal) Font"? (And, for example, my font isn't a cabal, think of it more like... maybe a school. Right now it's just me and my place of power, but others may be drawn to it, and I'll teach them :D ) And we don't need more font backers to get to $42k, though they sure wouldn't hurt, just some more people willing to back it at any level! Tell your friends!!! Oh, clever! We've only changed our KS usernames to display with our titles included actually! Mostly for the convenience of the Sons of Gabriel who otherwise look us up to see what pledge level we are. Pain! Also it is just fun to have it on there. I might not have it if I were still active on say, Shadowrun Returns or something. :) Well, I'm the "John" of The Eternal Cabal of Mikha'el (and going in with Michael of the same for the 3rd Eternal Font), and right now, no title. (The first Eternal Font was on his account, the second is on mine.) Correct me if I'm wrong but an Eternal Font is a Cabal of Magi, wouldn't they all receive the title Magi? Perhaps the Main representative could be named Champion, not a level so much as a high honorific? Eternal Champion X, Sacred Champion X? Just a thought. I'd like to see Eternal Font added onto the titles here, the way lower level titles are. Also note that there are only 13 people pledging on the three lowest tiers. =D Ok, don't want to alarm anyone, but with the 283 backers, the current arrangement of purchases, AND the possible charity of buyers sharing / selling on their core sets.... we have a MINIMUM of... *...does the maths, thank you physics degree...* 953 players..... Almost 1000 players!!! That's one startling fanbase for a kickstarter project :D So, you'd better roll out the third tier of over funding rewards. It could happen any second... :3 there has gotta be one or two maji cabal'ers that did not know that they are actually Font material. Am I right? can somebody wake up another Eternal Font? They are gonna miss the fun! Very nice intro! @ Magi Zeiger: Serpent tong will be the next world language if we can all pull that off :-) Maybe they should start making a dictionary so we can actually speak in serpentong with each other then we can do away with english :-) Alas, my only consolation is the memorization of a few spells. Hopefully that will be able keep me safe as I wait in hiding for a new codex Nice intro Prodigy Master Brimstone! Really sets the mood well. Rock On, almost to $42k. I wouldn't go admitting that if I were you. A Magi without his codex is truly vulnerable. I would look that up for you, but I seem to have misplaced my codex. We'll have to wait to old fashioned way I've already gotten a half-dozen friends psyched about Serpent's Tongue, and I'm collecting players for a local group to play regularly. Anyone know a quantum spell to advance time about three months or so? I'm very excited and can't wait for it to come out. I think the Sacred Font level should at least have a line for life. Even if its just one set of expansions, etc. This is better. My persona comes through. I walk through burning houses laughing amid the destruction. I bathe in the flame, yet I feel no burn. The fire caresses me like a mother to a newborn babe. I sleep on a pillow of charcoal and brimstone. I am the firecaller, the Imp of flame, and the Ifrit of terror. I whispered in the ear of Prometheus and I scared away the Sabretooth who threatened my tribe of wanderers. I bathed at Pompeii in the liquid of life and I breathed the smell of Rome burning around me. I burned in chicago, and crashed with a great zepellin to end its days on the earth. And now I come again. I am Master Magi reborn and with me I bring power. Power that can be weilded, power that must be respected, power that should be feared. Someone better come up with a new stretch goal soon cause this one isnt going to last long :D. Dang gang, I go offline driving around and we break $40k. Amazing! I love this, so exciting. I've also been sending the link to some of my local game stores. I'm hoping that one of them will pick it up, because it will make it a lot easier to have local players :p @Speaker Hagenbeek: I agree a way to find nearby players would be great. Some of the backers list their location. But I'm waiting for the start of the official forums, then I'll create a thread for Magi in my part of the world. Grats on 40K $40K???? That's ridiculous, and 19 days to go. It's going to be exciting fellow Magi.... I believe we would need another 60k for the magnetic films... would be nice to see more physical upgrades.... I really like the concept design of that timer. Eager to see what comes next! The mysterious magnetic films maybe...? Closer and closer, they'd better get ready to announce our next target :-) Getting pretty close to that goal! Hey peeps, I'm a UK-based player whose pretty stoked about ST. I've set up a thread that I hope is in-keeping with the "getting to know each other" feel - not restricted to anyone in anyway, so come say hi :) Definitely come chat with us on the BGG forums. I need more ST chat to spice up my work day! @tiwaz and @Jeremy Schneider Check out the BGG forums. We should meet up for a game or something to get to know other ST players. I'm not sure how conscious people have been of this but there is a group of players using the BGG forums here: <url>Åndemaker's realization that you can pledge the level you want and then adjust for shipping later -- keeping momentum going helps attract more backers which gets us all more rewards via stretch Tiers. It's a win-win. Obviously it's cool if you want or need to wait until later in the Kickstarter but there is a subtle advantage to pledging early -- and it's said that wizards are subtle, if also perhaps quick to anger. ; ) I just wanted to say thanks to all those international backers who have been so patient while they wait for the price of shipping, it's taking so long because I wanted to be as exact as I could, and there are quite a few options as well. So I am hoping by the end of the week, maybe Monday to announce more details on international shipping. Thanks again for the patience, and nice job on rocking the stretch goals!!! So I just looked through the backers list and found that @tiwaz and @Chris B live in near me. Awesome. @Åndemaker Indeed, welcome to a new Master! This is quite a ride, only $3033 away from Tier 2 achieved! I'm riveted! @C. Nilssen I think I speak for everyone when I say, Welcome. So I finally became a backer^^ Took the Master Player tier, but the Speaker Legacy is looking mighty tempting... I've been following Serpent's Tongue almost since the Kickstarter opened, but I have been waiting for the international shipping details. Silly me didn't realize I could just modify my amount AFTER they figured that out... But now I'm here and can talk to you, fellow Magi^^ I think we'll definitely hit the 42k stretch goal at least. Those timers will be great for other games and uses, and lend themselves to the LARP aspect too. Just make a cloth belt pouch and put one in, with protrusions for the buttons, make it look even more artifact-ey. I hope so too, Magi. They are potent, as we have seen with their most recent "Conjure $10k in 24 hours" rite... Prodigal Speaker Jayce, I sure hope you successfully pronounced the "Command Gabrielson to take our money" incantation. I hereby issue an open challenge to the Sons of Gabriel: I defy you to conjure a pledge reward level that overridingly compels me to give you more of my money, ideally without having to give up my Prodigy Specialization. I await your response and demand satisfaction! @A Nemeth LOL!!! @apoc,@techgnostik... "nothing says forever like a line for life.. surprise her!" @Tech Speaker Legacy, choosing two Master Collector sets, would give you the 2 Core Sets you get from your Master Player plus so many more Inscriptions! I'm sure she could be persuaded to see the merit in this with the right ritual...:D @Techgnostik - if you figure it out, let me know! :) @Apoc Lol...can you teach me an even more powerful Incantation? You see, the lady is already a part of this deal...I just need to convince her we should throw in a larger share than our current Master Player. :D You need an arcane artifact of financial absorption - a wife/fiancée .... It was a level 4 ritual just for me to upgrade from magi to master... No rush, you've got 20 days, but now that we mention breaking shields - it does seem like it might not be too hard to break a mage who doesn't have shields and counterspells at the ready. Only 6 essence, and look at Flame Eternae which is 1 and 1 per turn with focus, or spells that deal MORE than one damage to your essence. I like that element, with its emphasis on healing, dodging, and shielding - you can't just madly rush your opponent without potentially hitting issues against a well protected foe. I do wonder, the rules seem to imply this but it isn't stated - once an incantation resolves and is then discarded, it doesn't go back into your codex. Does this mean we are limited to 33 incantations per PVP duel max? I know in longer campaigns you can spend resonance to re-attune, I wonder how reattunement works in PVP play. *furiously casts Shield of Financial Protection* There, that ought to last me a day.... Do it Must resist urge to use minor etheric spell to break Techgnostik's will @Techgnostik roll me a will save. Must...resist...upping...my...pledge...amount! Not sure how long my Will can hold out.... Going to talk it up at the MTG tournament so yeah, um we're going to need another stretch goal in about 4hrs at this rate. I like what I'm seeing. Even if the game doesn't catch on, I'll still have a really nice collectors item for my collection. Plus, being self contained, I can always just play with a few friends like I normally would do. Now, to dust off my magic card collection... Oh wow~! What an amazing increase! Bring it on! This is exciting! Haha, definitely. Our only issue is we're going to have so many multiples with only 198 cards in the first set. Then again that just means I have more to give away, trade, sell to collectors, or whatever. Also the Rank we'll acquire means we can pick up anything we somehow don't get, or pick up multiples of specific rare incantations for friends. It is great to see so much support for what is sure to be an amazing game. I can't wait for Gunnar to roll a critical success against the dreaded Forum Monster. That is so awesome you guys have been able to get a group together to buy into it at the top tiers. Love to see it doing well! That second Eternal Font is yet another friend and I chipping in- the notion being we can each think of a use for the excess sets of material this will generate, and the result being we can afford to be cavalier in creating beginner's codexes, taking them to local game shops, helping people get into things - not to mention a lot of material to trade or pawn off on our friends when the time comes. Also we ended up with so many people in the first Cabal by now that our share will ultimately be smaller than if he and I had simply pledged as Speaker Legacies. Boom, problem solved. I know the level was meant for game centers, but I figure if he and I use it to spread the game around among friends and family, that's as good if not better. I DO still know of 2 separate groups trying to get people to buy in at 300-400 apiece and then planning to distribute their reward, but they ended up not getting everyone involved onboard, still, 3 weeks to go. Good wishes Michael+John in the newest Eternal Font And the original Cabal of Michael, John, The Other John, Lily, Elbret, and Hannah I walk away for a couple hours and look at how much money you all raised. Awesome *shot up It was increasing at ~$1000 per day, we just shot but to almost 10x that growth today... I hope this is a new trend! Well, hopefully Michael was right about those two other groups planning to band together to pledge at $2100, hehe =) $4193 from Tier 2 unlocked! Two Eternal Fonts? : D Whoo-hoo! Another Eternal Font backer (putting us up to three thus far)! Hello and cheers to you, whoever you are! (And same to the Eternal Cabal that I missed cheering on as they backed the top tier as well!) Very exciting if more groups can get together to support at that level! We're sure getting close to that next reward tier! Let's make it happen!!! =D Don't worry about those Specialization, you'll all want to use mine once it comes out anyway. ;) Haha can't say I approve of my name being on the cabal but I respect that it's a working title -we don't actually have a name set up or picked out. I only just found the list of kickstarter-exclusive specializations on the website, and I can't wait to see what the other speicalizations are like when they get listed. I know there's probably an effort to try and avoid too much of a spoiler on cards before release though. Apparently my idea of cooperative cabals caught on because I know at least two other groups putting together plans to pledge at 2100. future plans: xbox... maybe kinect?! Update #4 is up! Nice one, very comprehensive. Better be ready with a Tier 3 soon, we are making progress fast! Haha, I know a couple of linguist in my near friends that will love this game for the fact that they can probably utter out the highlevel incantations without tripping over their own tongues. Which I probably will. I'll be sure to take the game to my local gaming store once I get some friends to play it, which won't be too hard I suppose. That's why I want a few backup codexes so I can build a few basic ones and have people try it out on the spot. Hoping to grow some community sprit that way and actually get people to play it. Skype is basically the plan for our group. I'd love to have some way for people who aren't physically close to still "officially" participate, especially since I know lots of people who don't live near game centers but love the concept. Still, I'd trek a few hours out of my way for a tournament. I'm probably doomed though, my fiance has a real faculty with languages, and if that kind of skill translates over to "remembering your incantations", well I'm in trouble. I can't wait for a LARP adaption. I hope that there will be some more people from near me will join the game. Can you imagine, you're just strolling down the street minding your own business, codex in your briefcase and someone walks up and recognises you. He utters a challenge and you take out your codex and pawn him right there in full daylight, with people stopping to see what you're doing. But even though that might be a bit farfetched I could enjoy playing the game over skype or something too :-) Hey well done! Thanks for clarifying about the exact issue -- go community :) Almost to $35k already! Oh okay, I didn't know if that would cause account problems. But I just talked to someone at my bank and just arranged an electronic transfer card instead, which solves that problem anyway. So - there. Shifted my pledge to Eternal Font. Please disregard the previous message, I'd had no luck getting them to do this earlier, but when I mentioned someone would only take credit, solved. Thanks for creating this awesome thing, we're glad to help fund development and encourage people to play this - we'll be working on LARP adaptations as soon as we get it. Applause and thanks on the project from, Michael, Hannah, John, Lily, another John, and Elbret You can have a different billing adress from a shipping adress, thus the one with the sufficient limit could pay and the shipping could take place to another adress. However, I don't know which creditcard types you have, but some allow you to create a debet on you card and this does not count to your maximum credit limit when paying. Maybe you could look into that option? Our situation is basically that the person who can make a 2100 dollar electronic payment without credit limit trouble - see it's not lack of funds so much as lack of a credit card funding source that can go over 2000 dollars - is not optimally positioned, geographically, for distribution. We might have to do this anyway, and have things shipped to the optimal address instead. Maybe we'll have him make an account representing our group specifically and set one of our addresses as the mail address, but if there was a way to pay otherwise, it would be useful. On the other hand, I understand it's best if all pledges go into the goal and backers column to show how well the project is doing. Is there a way you can all pool the resources to one person and make a single payment that way? Can't use alternate payment with Kickstarter generally, their system has no way to process that and count it toward goals. Since they've hit the basic goal already technically they could set something up with PayPal but that can be a bit of a hassle for a project like this. Wasteland 2 did it and it confused the heck out of people even though it ended up a net benefit. I'm in the same boat, Techgnostik. Some friends and I like the concept and what we've seen so much that we plan to band together and pay in at the Eternal Font level as a group. The issue we're facing is being unable to use our amazon payment source for a single 2100 dollar payment. I sent a message in about this, but figure the dev inbox must be flooded, so I figured I should ask here too in case anyone is wondering: Is there any alternative way of paying for the reward level and pledge we want to make, such as multiple smaller payments or payment via paypal, money order, or cheque to a physical address? We know this is problematic, but the five of us talked it over and if there's any way to make this happen it'd be awesome. We live in diverse areas (Australia, Canada, 3 different places in America), so we'd get everything sent to one place then disperse it among us ourselves since shipping it to multiple addresses would probably be a hassle for the project - and we'd take it to our local game shops since, especially here on the east coast of Canada, I don't see it immediately being accessible to everyone, likewise for our Aussie friends. If there's no way to do this, we have a backup plan, but any alternative non-amazon payment method where multiple payments can be sent at slightly different points in time would be good for our purposes, it's the one lump payment on our credit via amazon that's difficult to manage, individual payments or a secured physical payment would be easier. But if that's a problem, we'll figure something out. After coming across Serpent's Tongue, all other CCG's (proposed and existing) feel like lifeless, hollow, pointless frivolities. Is anyone else experiencing that? Excellent! I know when I am eyeing projects to back it always worries me a little when they go for long period with no updates. I would hate for someone to have that impression of ST when we have gotten so much updated info in the comments. Chris G. posted last night that an update would come today whether we hit $30k or not so it should be in the pipeline already. : ) We need a new update on the update page. The last was over a week away. How about some details on the sects? Man, love that digital timer! Hope it makes it to 42! This is a rather exciting project and I can't wait to give it a go! I'm very glad you decided to fund through kickstarter, otherwise I may never have heard of it! :) oops <url>"Coming Jan. 2012." @Chris Well look what you found. What is this? <url>"Screw it. If I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna go all-in!" I want the materials to _really_ get some people involved, and show support for this awesome idea! Otherwise, I'll just have a bunch of pretty cards sitting around, and I already have boxes upon boxes of Magic: The Gathering cards to do that :P So let's get to $42,000!!! =D Three upgrades into the Speaker Legacy already too! Excellent, bring on the momentum! Welcome Eternal Font Englund! You've made our amazing communreven better. Mahalo. You're welcome ;D (*fingers crossed* that I can get some friends/coworkers/other folks interested, haha :P) Awesome! Tier 1 achieved! Thank you to our first Eternal Font! Wow We made it!!! Awesome! Teknomancers! wooo! I really hope we hit that second stretch goal. I really want that timer. I love the vision statement! Would you guys consider doing an update sometime including some of the new links and stretch goals? It would be cool to be able to easily show new people. I'm keeping abreast of things pretty well I think but it's hard to communicate out clearly to potential new test subjects. ;) Also: Go Teknomancy! If you are going to make the timer electric, make sure it is made of polished metal or wood (however that works). Just make sure it is high quality and give at least a small backstory (like a magic artifact disguised for the 21st century). How much does it cost for you to make a single adept level set? I'm just wondering because we're getting awfully lot of stuff for just $45. Even though the timer looks great, and I can understand the necessity to not have too watch the timer, I hope it doesn't influence the game-experience by adding an electronic device in a game that does it's best to give you a true mage's experience, like the codexes and other materials do. @christopher yea. I get what you mean We've added a half dozen new folks in only a day or so -- welcome aboard, Magi! Yes, from what I've read the audible timer would replace the sand timer. The reasons were because an audible timer adds so much more suspense to the game than the sand timer does. @Tiwaz: if i understood it right, the electronic timer would replace the sandy one as they were to bulky and heavy, but i could be wrong. I like the 3k idea. If you guys could do it with 4 slots it would skyrocket the funding. $28k! Only $1997 to Tier 1 Stretch! Three weeks left! Keep Speaking the Word! I am so excited for this game that I'm keeping up with comments while visiting Kuau'i. I would happily buy a book of the grammar for the constructed language. It would go on my shelf with the nerdy Klingon language books I have. @Chris, Publish it, it can go on my shelf next to my text book on Tolkien's Elvish. June is to far away. /SIGH/ Call it the Lineage of Gabriel, Speakers who have learned not from the flawed line of Adam and Eve but who were taught the Tongue directly by the Archangel once the cat was out of the bag already. Or something. :) I don't know how I could resist that... Damn. I'm telling you, roll out the $3K visit packages now. 8 base sets, a pizza party, and the Gabrielson bros teach you the game. My local game/comic store asked if this was listed at any distributors yet. Any word yet on who or when? I have been very ... mmm vocal about the game. I talked the game up this afternoon at our community game club. One of my students sounded pretty interested and might be joining us as a Magi. Doing what I can to spread the word! Nice, I like the new stretch tier! More goodies! Glad to see the 250 backer mark, here's to the next 250! $2442 to Tier 1! Would we still be getting the sand timers as well, or would the electronic one REPLACE them? Just curious. Congrats on 250 backers! Oh wow, that timer would be the bomb! Such a simple thing, but it would make such a nice addition to gameplay (and the cool factor of the components). I'll be keeping my digits crossed. BEWM Okay, I REALLY want the 45k artifact... Focus Bomb! The timer image really doesn't do it justice, but it is seriously sweet! Tier 2 reward looks great. Thanks for the clarification, Chris. Sounds interesting, I look forward to more into. wonder if first move could be a hand gesture to warn pvp what level of game you are about to unleash, giving opponent(s) chance to bow out/ parley/retreat ... maybe larpers use gesture to initiate battle... the possibilities.... what makes a gesture successful and what balances the gesture? ( counter gesture?) does it cost resonance, will, how do you resolve a gesture, is it depicted on 4x6? I agree it can increase immersion and interesting it identifies more advanced gameplay. @Jayce Thanks, my spelling degrades with the passing of night. @Chris. I'm looking forward to the hand gestures. I believe it will draw me even deeper into the game. If I find myself playing someone who hates the hand gestures I'd probably omit them. Being a Gentleman Magi and all. Wary! : ) @chris I'm still a little weary of these hand signs. Do you perhaps have an example card, to demonstrate? @cy : yeah not all locations are familiar, ive heard. Had to build it myself, it's alright though, was still delicious. sounds its going to be like picking up an rpg for the first time, first few times you struggle with modifiers saves, challenges etc, and after a while its not so complicated. I am interested to see a beginner game, maybe someone will post a good video. I think it will be fun to watch at tournaments @Gunnar I don't hate it or anything, but I know I am unlikely to successfully juggle words, gestures and actual tactics of play simultaneously at a high level of proficiency, which makes me a little sad. The language, having a structure to it, I was hoping to be able to study in its own right. It is hard to envision a gestural side having that same internal consistency, which would mean rote memorization to associate them with the spells. Not impossible but to me, harder in a less rewarding way. Other opinions may differ! @Cy, did you order it that way or did you build it yourself? I ate a McGangbang tonight, and it was epic. @Prodigy Speaker Pentad - Chris can correct me if I'm wrong but I dont think every spell will have a gesture component, some might have just a gesture, some might have a phrase and gesture. Also I think he is still looking for input on such things, so if enough people don't like the idea or want to see something else we can nix it. So for the Free Action cards you can play multiple without wasting your Action Phase? That's an interesting prospect.... Wow those rules look interesting, nice to have insight into the game. BOOYAH! Quick-Start Rules! <url>"The threads of time are being rewoven, an archmagi is currently seeking to establish a common area of static temporality within the shifting planes....." Forums! Forums! Forums! I need to express my prodigy master ego before all the little mages and adepts and flaunt myself around before they get cards to kick my butt with ;). I believe the forums are just around the corner, in the interim, I slightly updated the FAQ on Geek <url>#8979394 Ah man seeing all these new people signing on is great! Happy Friday! Lots of new info and stuff to be released soon(ish)! Should be a good weekend! It's been mentioned before, but you guys should reach out to the folks and Penny Arcade and possibly think about going to PAX Prime in Seattle over Labor Day this year. It's a huge gaming convention that includes some big players in the board game world such as Steve Jackson Games and Wizards of the Coast. I for one would love to sit in on a Serpent's Tongue panel at PAX this year. Yes, it's a complex ritual requiring hundreds if not thousands of magi! I thank you for your warm welcome, now... is there an "increase funding" spell available we should cast ;-) Welcome Magi Hagenbeek! Congrats on the cabal. Okay people, you got me over the line.... I love the idea of this game and am starting my own cabal... (maybe if some other options open up later on I'll upgrade :-) Time's an illusion, known to the awakened. Still, Happy Friday! Awesome! Hopefully 30k is only hours away! Woot 27k, we are now 150% funded! So, just in case any ST fans are out there on Twitter, use the hashtag #serpentstongue for your twitts. Watching this project is getting addictive. $27k and counting! @ Magi Ryan, We are really striving to be able to have everything ready in time for GenCon. We would love to be there. @Apocryphal Lore Thank you.. I decide to $46 tier rather than $25 tier so that I can play in solo or with friends!. Oh, and is ST going to be at GenCon this year? The release date is listed as July but often Kickstarted projects arrive much later than projected. I would absolutely love to meet some designers and compete in a tournament at GenCon if it comes out in time and they are able to make it. It would also be a killer way to advertise the game as well. @James I didn't respond to the FAQ because I was keeping all my chat in the one discussion thread. Don't get me wrong though - I'm happy to chat/discuss/hype/speculate any time you want! @Kenny - Yeah, if you look on the Project Home, about mid way down there is a list of everything that comes with Adept Probably just because it's format is a bit FAQ that's all :) I have a question: Does AEDPT level contains solo campaign adventure also?? Darn it I wanted to help hit a stretch goal so I finally kicked into the 4 player $85 level. DARN YOU for making me want this so much. :p Also why am I the only one to respond on the BGG page? <url>"2. Nah the inscription pack cases will not be guaranteed to include every card of the Obscura set. Although it will get people really really close if not all the way when they cash in Avak'Shar ranks later down the line. What we are trying to figure out is whether we can give a complete set of every card in the game (or almost every card some are only available through Avak'Shar ranks), in lieu of inscription cases as a stretch reward it would still be approximately 275 -300 cards, but rather than having them all randomized it would be set. Still not sure how that will pan out just yet, cause of minimum manufacturing restraints, so we are just collecting everybody's feedback first." - Chris G. Thank you Speaker Lindsley! @Apocryphal: They stated that they were looking into it, however it would be more costly from a printing/ordering and logistics perspective. It is under consideration possibly for a higher stretch goal. They are aware of the massive interest for sure. I sent a note on reddit to Noah Bradley who has done some art for Magic and other fantasy stuff, linking him here and mentioning you guys might still be looking into art. There was some talk about offering complete sets rather than cases, those questions in part I think are being echoed else where, did that conversation land anywhere? @J. Schneider thanks for the response, I wasn't aware of the backlog :D And yeah, just broke $26k. Niiiice. Woohoo, $4k to go! :D @Techgnostik don't worry they will get to your question, I'd imagine that they have a pretty good backlog, and as far as I know it's just one guy answering them all. @Gunnar: My world suddenly got brighter even thinking about those robes. Now comes the long wait for reality to catch up. (and yes dammit I'm still waiting for my Hover Board, no thanks to Michael J. Fox) Thanks for sharing. So can anyone answer my question from below? If I am signed up as a Master Player, do both my wife and I get our names in the game down the road, or would we both need to pledge separately at the Magi level to get that? Are we going to get pictures of some more of the art? Perhaps a feel for the difference between some simple spells and more advanced spells? Maybe even some info so the devious among us might start memorizing language? ;) Not yet Apoc... we're still discussing it :) This is what happens when I try to be technically savvy, the 404 is a highway in Toronto and thus it shall remain in my vocabulary. The maintenance page was clever, just curious, does this mean we finally have titles for the creators? The Archmagi Gabrielson? I voted for that to be real, it reminds me of the techo-mages from Babylon 5. But you can vote for it to be real. <url>#8979394 Also, $25k! Welcome to the new peeps! Alright should be working correctly now. :) <url>"definitive" information feed down there. Darn late night typing skills. Oh, I know we are waiting some ideas to firm up, I'm just expressing a pleasant surprise at the unstoppable rise :) We need to collect all the information that's out so far. An FAQ as previously suggested and agreed upon by one of the Sons of Gabriel is good. Additionally we have stuff here in Comments, on the project Home, in the Updates, in the videos, on the site (including the blog and /its/ comments, and on BGG. I've been working hard to try to read it all and it's a bit of a challenge. Since the game is somewhat unusual I think a definitely information feed is necessary to help overcome potential new Magi getting confused and/or overwhelmed. We don't want the game's features to paradoxically become barriers to entry! Looking at that pledges grow, I have to say: 30,000? We're gonna need a bigger boat. :) I am too, A dedicated forum is gonna be great! so many things we can do there. Very excited for there to be a dedicated forum. The BGG threads are getting a little lonely. @Magi Majjintor: Thanks! Though I remember my days as an Adept fondly, there is much more to master. They have several stretch goals in the works, partially dependent on getting solid cost quotes in I believe. It's pretty common to not announce a new stretch goal until the current one is attained though. Couple different schools of thought on that. @Magi Zeiger No I thought he said additional stretch goal, I've seen the current one. @Zeiger Huzzah! another magi in the ranks! @Ethan: Do you mean the first stretch goal? Check the homepage it shows an artifact every backer will get if funding reaches $30k. You promised us a stretch goal 3 days ago. I am just wondering, where is it? And now I am a Magi! (some friends signed up so I have people to play with) Haiku = an extremely minimalist East Asian version of the nam-shub! Hah very nice card! I can't wait to see what else will come! Speaking of which i have a question can other prodigies pair up or something like create a father/son, or sibling relationship between their two characters? @Myo Gak: I walk your footprints Inhale life, exhale haiku You beat me to it. :) Awesome! Can't wait to see my encounter card! :3 Want to upgrade soon So I wrote you this haiku Love, "Speaker" Myo Gak Speaker Antagonists are naughty, Oadicul. the encounter card looks amazing...great art there, and all those possible actions will really keep players on their toes...also i like the idea that he is gobbling up his other incarnations to gain power...ick. Very soon! (maybe tonight, probably tomorrow!) When are we going to see a Serpent's Tongue forum so that we can discuss in a less vertical manner? The more that comes out about this game, the more I like it! Great work on the encounter. It looks great! Now I only have to decide if I'm bumping up to Magi or Magi's Cabal. (Never mind, that's a 3) Did I read that right? Jase Tilmath casts at level 5?!? So his incantations blow right through level 4 defences? Jayce v. Jase... Gonna be a fair fight I see. Wow, that is... exciting! Great, thanks Chris! @chris - thanks for answering my query about facing ourselves so well and so quickly...i thought it was a pretty annoying question, but you nailed it better than i could have hoped. Thanks! :D Do you know how much will the shipping cost to Slovenia? @Speaker Marche Please help me, o Speaker... I have yet to access a hundredth of your wisdom and power and fear I might never... Could you use your words of power to make my friends see the truth? Or bestow on me enough wisdom to discern worthwhile friends from profanes? @Atarun: LOL , if that happens ( though I think it unlikely) you should use a Nam-shub of them to change their perception. :-) make them love the game. Should not need a high level nam-shub because this game is so great they you can't help but love it ! I want to get all my friends to become Magi, but I'm a bit scared. If they are not interested at all in Serpent's Tongue, I might feel like I need to change friends. XD I keep hitting F5 and we keep getting closer to $30k! :D "BTW - if you have sent us a message that has never been answered - (Except for shipping questions - Brian is working through those) feel free to resend it. There was quite a flurry there for a while and I dont want any of you to slip through the cracks." Thank you for mentioning shipping questions. :) Knowing somebody (in this case, Brian) is working on it, I can rest and wait quietly for answers (while I try to get friends on board... already found one who really really wants to become Magi :)). Wow, less than $7k away from our first stretch goal and some sweet upgrades! Keep spreading the Word, Ladies and Gentlemagi! May I suggest trying to get onto wired online. I could try for you if you let me! :) Go 200!!!!!!! Hell yeah! Grats everyone on the 200+ backers and $23k! Congrats on 200 backers! $23k and 200 backers! Awesomeness! For the people who want more, make the codex or the cards signed and make it cost more. Or as a really expensive tier, like most other kickstarters, host a party and invite people who have ideas and funded at that tier. Just ideas though one more backer and we hit 200! This is probably the coolest game I've ever heard of. It's a shame I did not hear of it sooner though because I would have grabbed the SPEAKER ANTAGONIST so fast it would have made your head spin. I'm a bit confused about how many cards are in the Core Set, if the Magi cards are in the Core Set, if the Inscription packs are the same as the Core Set or is a different set, etc. Could there possibly be an FAQ? This really looks fantastic-- I'm looking forward to playing this with friends! @Zeiger - My pleasure @Everyone - Please upgrade the Wiki entry, I'm not very technical with computers and what is posted there is just about my limit. So if others could add pictures and references etc., I think it would be appreciated... plus the Wiki-Marshals don't seem to like it when a page just has one editor - <url>"What our real goal is, and we have not announced this as a stretch reward on KickStarter yet, because its just a possibility, is to revamp the Codex AND the Cards before launch so that they will be magnetic. Yep magnetic. the Cards will have a micro-thin glyph made of metal on the back which will lock into embedded thin magnets inside each page. We have made a prototype and theres something truly sweet about it. No pockets... your incantations just float there on the page securely but detach easily with the right amount of force. But that is about a $100k stretch reward. " SWEET @Christopher: In decending order of preference - Antagonist Speaker, Prodigy Speaker, Prodigy Master (though this doesn't have the Line For Life...), Speaker. I am so excited about this game, I can't put it into words! Are you considering a waiting list for available Speaker slots? Or maybe open slots where the speakers will not be part of the story line at first. Invisible speakers! @Ethan, I just asked a similar question about game balance and Christopher answered here: <url>#8958671 Will a Apprentice be able to beat a master? I like the idea of memorization but there should be a tiny bit of luck. Just enough so a apprentice will win approximately 5% of the time. In MTG one deck always has another type of deck to beat it. If you are providing us every single card (expect Avakshar cards) people will find the best possible formation and then it will be more like grinding instead of playing the campaign. Basically do certain cards beat others? These comments move so fast now! Jeeze, so hard to keep up, but there's just a huge grin on my face as I read everything going on on here. :) Don't worry, I'm around, I just have a lot of work falling onto my lap finally (two bands of mine finally getting some real momentum). Seems there's a little magic in my life since I discovered Serpent's Tongue. Man life is good. Any news about shipping costs? (To France, in my case.) @jayce, sounds like fun, the building of ledgends. I would also support sets as a stretch goal, but i would more like to see things like better art and packaging, game improvements and such. @Jeremy Thanks, I've been kicking around what I could do to help and that's been my best idea so far. I've had the same problems you have in the past and we are going to be really well set up at the start, especially since there will be a skill aspect to the game that is a little unusual in its form. I want down the road for it to be a big deal for players to meet us founders, so it benefits us all to help build each others' legends! @Chris/Gunnar Would you guys consider a Backer-exclusive area of the forums at all? There are pros and cons to such things I am sure but while I'm sure there will be trading forums eventually I'd kind of like to maintain that community vibe we are jammin' with here so far even after launch. Not to exclude others, obviously, just to maintain this group so that we don't just melt into the larger population that hopefully will manifest! hm @Jayce a trading network doesn't sound like a bad idea at all. I've played a couple of card games in the past and I always seem to fall into one of two categories either: A. having more cards than those around me and can't find others that have what I need, or B. having very few cards and none are very trade worthy. Being able to reach out to a different group other than our local group would be awesome. A lot to think about here. Just a reminder that this team is already trying to somewhat limit the random factor or at least mitigate the worst effects of it by their concept of Avak'shar / reputation ranks. So if there are particular cards you are missing you will be able to "buy" them with Avakshar. The amount of Avak'shar from a full case based on the little we know so far will probably be around 112.5. Plus what you get from your core set which is unknown. Hard to say how much this will get you in terms of rare cards but it seems like it will be a pretty solid sum. That said I support full sets as a stretch goal reward, keep in mind as we discuss this that we only get those rewards if sufficient backing comes in. If too many of us are sitting back and waiting to pull the trigger until a reward is unlocked, that might not happen both because we are in something of a Mexican standoff with each other and because not getting closer to that tier might hold back others from pledging at all. Just my $0.02 as a Speaker who wants to see us all get the absolute most out of this KS as possible and for ST to be as successful as possible. I understand the reservations of Magi Mark and Adept (?) Eric. I'd also like to say that I /hope/ to see about we backers creating some kind of network for ourselves so that we could for example trade more freely among one another so ensure we all get what we need down the road. We are likely to become some of the representatives and promoters of the game in our local groups (some of us already are!) and let's help each other achieve Mastery! The random factor is what I think is putting me over the edge of not going up to Magi. As a competitive card player, wanting to collect everything and be able to use everything is a big priority. I don't play MtG because it costs so much to get everything needed, so it would be great if this game could be affordable for the collector/competitive players! I also vote for complete set vs case of inscription packs if that is possible. The random nature of the packs almost prevented me from pledging at the Magi level. BTW...I would LOVE to upgrade to speaker... I love the idea of giving at least one copy of each card instead of a case of packs. Personally I think one copy of each card would be way more eco-friendly (less packaging) and would reward pledgers for joining the party early! The fact that I missed out on the higher levels is killing me. :( Yes! So happy to hear about the campaign expansions and weekly txt based campaigns :-D This is great you guys just keep impressing me ! Keep up the good work :-D How will tracking of avak'shar work for these campaigns? I am so intrigued by this game I just want to know everything :-) The wait is killing me,..... I want to play !!! That sounds really cool! Weekly text based campaigns and challenges will be awesome! :D You guys rock! ^_^ So glad I was one of the early backers for this project! I would accept complete sets of cards in lieu of at least some of my case rewards. I suggest if you implement this giving the option to backers at those levels so we can choose, though so far I can think of no downside so I personally am all for it. Would REALLY like any of the $175 or higher levels. The higher the better! I got a lot of friends into a cool new card game back in late 1993, and they showed their friends and so on, now I'm sure a sizable chunk of the M:TG players in North America could trace the way back to me. Please put me on the waiting list as of my previous comment :) You said instead of a case of inscription packs you'd get the full compendium of the game instead, what about the Master and Speaker levels where they receive multiple cases? Would they get the remaining cases? Christopher, would it be possible to pledge extra and get a Magi's Cabal Pledge Level added? I would love to be able to run this at local gaming groups, and I would definitely be interested in adding in 11 extra dollars for a signed codex as previous higher level backers mentioned. @Jeremy Awesome! Can't wait to hit $30k! woot 20K I just backed as the Master Player and am waiting for the shipping cost to Hong Kong. This game is like a GM or Mage's dream comes true. Love your concept. As soon as I receive my set I will work on DnDing all the spells and force my mages' player to cast their magic. Stumbled on your game (I'm new to Kickstarter) and got really excited about the concept! Not only is the use of props intriguing, but the fact that it's really skill based and has a deep background is pretty fantastic. Kudos on the vision! Hi please post up international shipping costs soon - I'm in Singapore. Also can you open up more prodigy level rewards : ) Deep bows. @Chris - am I too late? Did I miss my opportunity? If there's an available upgrade slot, I'm in. I will chime in and second Tiwaz's motion for sure. A complete set of cards would be wonderful if it would be a complete set of every card. Please more info on ANYTHING! I examined the same stuff over for three hours. I MEMORIZED your website! Please clarify what the "Complete set of Game Compendium of Cards" means. Do you mean 2 extra sets of the 140 basic cards that come as part of our starting set, OR do you mean a 2 complete sets of the entire cardset including both base game and the cards normally just available as part of the randomized inscription packs? IF it's the COMPLETE card set, including rares, chase cards, etc, then I would prefer that. If, however, it is the 140 cards that come with the starter set, then I'd prefer the case of Inscription packs. Basically, which ever option has the higher chance of giving me an absolute complete set of every card. I too would go for a prodigy spot if it came up, but at the same time I don't want more to appear for 2 reasons. 1) they exist a a variety of pledge levels which means they weren't amount rewards, they were temporal rewards - first people to pledge the project get the prodigy spots - it would seem unfair to expand them. 2) If there were a lot of prodigy spots or speaker spots available they would loose their meaning... Right now those 18 people can feel really awesome about being Speakers, a very select group of the 162 of us... If they expand that to 36 spots it becomes less of a big deal, and more people will want spots, expand it to 72... Well you get where I'm going. I did have an idea though. I don't know if this is economical - what about printing unique cards for a new posting bracket.... Like for a extra $75 a unique card will be produced with your Magi's name - like 'Kirassus Othen' and you could choose an existing specialization, and your Magi card would get all the powers of that specialization but with a minor tweak to make it unique - like the 2nd tier costing one less resonance....then you would be the only one in the world with a Kirassus Othen Card... I know manufacturers generally print cards on sheets and then cut them so I don't know if that's even physically doable....but maybe it opens a new line of thought about other pledge incentives Congrats on making it (though, after the first couple of days I saw this as a forgone conclusion). I feel Atarun's comment about international shipping, but pledged as I did anyway, hoping that the promice of a lower rate will indeed yield reasonable postal services. I also feel Terence Bowlby's desire for more limited spots (I'd go for them), but understand that the current story only allows for so many. But, if all goes well, I'm assuming that there would be additional limited spots for any expansions. Here's hoping! And, finally, the fact that the game DOES have a collectability aspect is the ONLY thing that has been bothering me. This was somewhat alleviated by the fact that the packs give me points to "purchase" cards. But if we're being offered complete sets as opposed to more packs, then I would prefer that. I like for my games to feel complete. Hey there! Serpent's Tongue looks and sounds amazing... I SO want a full set (the $45 reward), but I live in France and to pay $48 in shipping... I just can't make that work in my head. :'( @chris : I have raised my pledge for the speaker ,just could not select the correct reward yet... Also let me know when shipping is definite then I will add his as well ;-) Thanks again (also thanks to your relatives for giving me this chance ) When talking about a complete set of the game compendium of cards x 2, does this include a) the cards available from the inscription packs of the first set or b) are we talking about the cards included in the 2 player starter? I'd prefer a complete set of the game compendium of cards x 2, if answer a) is correct. @ Chris would upgrade to speaker anytime. the option of getting a full double set sounds great to me... Do the inscription packs contain cards that are not part of the regular game compendium or they randomized cards found in the game compendium? If they contain some cards that are not in the base game compendium then I'd want to get the random action. If the inscription packs are just more cards of what is in the game compendium, then might as well just go for the complete sets x2, right? Unless I'm misunderstanding... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE open up more of the limited spots! How many inscription packs are in a case? @chris : I would most definetly love to upgrade to speaker ! Hope I am not to late again:-s (time difference probably made me react later then other interested peoples) Just tel me how or when and I will upgrade my pledge ;-) if stil possible If the rest of the updated artwork looks half as good as the new stretch reward card does I may never play... I'll be to busy staring at my cards to actually form a coherent thought! @Chris - yes! :) Any hint how much Avak'shar we'll gain from a Core set? : ) Pondering Master Player vs. Master Collector sets for my Speaker rewards. Leaning toward two Master Collector sets personally as I think enough of my friends will pledge and/or buy Core sets themselves that I won't need to personally own 3 or 4 sets. The way I look at it stretch bonuses that add to what we are already getting from our tier rewards are gravy. Almost every tier is a significant preorder savings vs. what we are likely to pay retail in the future, in some cases even moreso. Not to mention we Prodigies who get a benefit tough to put an additional value on. I'm totally fine with some bonus ranks, an exclusive card and more artwork -- the core set boggles folks I show already! Mighty nice to give the option for another backer to upgrade to Speaker in lieu of an IRL family member too. Oho, first stretch goal posted on the project home page, at $30,000! Ah thank you for clearing that up! I can't wait for my case to come in! I thought it was that a pack grants a random amount from 1-9. Did I misread/misremember? @Chris - Okay, today's question, on the subject of Avak'Shar. You've said that A> Each inscription pack will have a code that will grant Avak'Shar, and that individual cards can be purchased for 1-9 (depending on rarity and power) Avak'Shar levels. Will a single inscription pack grant 1 full level of Avak'Shar, or will it take several, and if so, how many? After I've opened my case of inscription packs, how many Levels of Avak'Shar will I be able to claim, and thus how many top tier (9 Rank) cards will I be able to redeem? @Apocryphal Lore That was me too. Finally on the band wagon (or etheral vehicle, etc.) Can't wait. :) So glad to see this is happening not that I had doubts. I want us to blow the doors off of all stretch goals!! I'm recruiting coworkers, should have an initiate and an adept incoming shortly though I might have convinced the adept to go magi. ;) Can't even type! *days this past week, is what I meant. :) Forums coming soon on our website! Stay tuned. I've been working 14-16 hour todays this week, it's brutal! Congrats on funding, well done Magi! Magi Thomas :-) Haha we did it! Congrats to all the magi! @Tiwaz - it seems there might have been multiple magi waiting for the appropriate moment to jump to master or uninitiated waiting to jump to magi.... In the 45 seconds after it hit 17,930 it jumped to 18,155 or so :). I admit, I was debating the jump until that moment. Having more solo/group adventure scenario will help. Congrats to the team! WOOOHOO, FUNDED!! YEA!!! :D there it is...congratz guys. We did it! Bring on the stretch goals! We did it! Welcome new mages of all levels! Lol, or someone could do a Master pledge while I type. All we need is one more Magi level pledge... I thought it was close enough to make it official: <url>#8945627 I think that does work much better, incentive for everyone to pledge and get the word out. I have been spreading the word about this kickstarter with my friends irl and over IRC clients It wasn't until the update #2 that It occurred to me to post in forums. Ah well stuff happens and things can only get better. @Chris Over on the Shadowrun Returns kickstarter they released some art for use on adding to blogs and your Facebook cover photo. Could you guys make some for us so we can put them on our facebook cover photos!? I would totally be down to change my already awesome cover photo to an even more awesome official backer of Serpent's Tongue cover photo. :) I really won't consider it spamming so long as we are thoughtful of where we post and how. @jayce summed it up nicely in a comment on the 2nd update, saying that we should check forums first to see if a fellow backer has already posted. I know that I for one was tweeting about this before the rewards program was even posted, and will likely continue for the next 30 days. Anyways, bottom line is be careful with how you post, because spamming will often have the opposite effect to bringing people in. They will start actively ignoring you. Plus, this game DESERVES to be in the top funded games section once it's over with. We need to get it into the top funded section! :) @Chris You know it's funny but I've been posting links even before the reward. I thought the reward was a cool plus, but in all honesty, even if I wasn't getting the reward I wouldn't care. I believe very strongly in this game and I want to make sure that it gets as much exposure as possible. :) I think it's fine either way, I don't see the problem with it in all honesty. The great majority of us (can't speak for all) WANT to share this regardless of what is attached. Nifty game idea (wish this had been around during the pen-and-paper role-playing years)! One wierd thing: I note that Rambo is listed twice in the Ordo Principium as a fellow Magi. One extravigance: Only found this project a surprising, what?, 4 days after launch and would have happily pledged more, but all of the highest levels are already gone! I know that backstory and such are probably set, but I certainly hope I'm on your mailing list for any future projects! Thank you and looking forward to the game! I can't wait to see what they are! the codex is something im looking forward to! I wonder what they will come up with Yes! Less than $2k to funded status! Bring on the stretch goals! hah, yar it doesn't get much more symbolic than that for the struggle against the self, does it? @Oadicul, that means you've encountered your good twin! (Since, y'know, you're evil and all!) I love posting about ST on Kotaku. :) Just did another one, check it out! <url>#comments so...what happens when antagonist oadicul fights antagonist oadicul in the adventure, for example...world shattering paradox? Almost to $16k! Hey now that the update for Avak'Shar is out, please remember as Gentleman (and Lady) Magi to please not spam boards with this content, and to preferably customize it with your own thoughts or take on Serpent's Tongue. We do not want to bring any unwanted ire onto our benefactors here nor do we want to tread on one another's feet while spreading the good word. To that end, I also recommend checking any forum for previous posts by fellow Magi before wallpapering them. Instead we could reply to such a thread or posting with more support! Just my thoughts, not Words of Law (yet........) :) For those of us who have pledged already, is there any chance we'd be able to increase our donation for extra items without losing what we've already signed up for? I'd love to be able to support 4 player games from day one, but don't want to lose my rewards as a prodigy adept. hahaha nice to know my last name sounds villianous all on it's own...but antagonist sakall will be antagonist oadicul, methinks... So, we can see previews of the spells in the videos, and previews of what specializations look like at BecomeMagi.com, but while you mention Artifacts often, I don't see any previews of them yet, could we get a preview artifact? Pretty please? Also, looking at the Inscription Packs info page has left me with one burning question: What is a Nam-Shub? Damn, once Artisan Dice goes live with polyhedrals (his next Kickstarter probably later this year) you have to do something with his d4s! Getting me all worked up now, haha, Kickstarter crossover madness! That would be awesome for some reason I feel i want to get half the people involved in this into a skype call and play a round of Aye Dark Overlord for i sense that it would be hilarious and awesome. As much as I like the name Majjntor I hope they let me use my real name, and should we start a RP on the forum once things get settled? @Brian I can't wait for these dice to get fulfilled, kudos on getting in on them also! The ebony and ivory should be awesome! @Brian Yes, two sets of D6s that I can't wait to see. But I think Artisan is still designing the polyhedral dice so that may be a ways out. But if you do work with Artisan on dice I will certainly increase my backing. I can't get enough custom dice. @Prodigy Speaker Jayce, that's awesome! I can't wait to get my hands on mine, I just got the set of four and I chose the ebony and ivory wood for my set. I got the collectors set of ancient bog woods from Artisan dice but I believe it is going to be awhile before he has polyhedrals up and running. @Cy, I've become the same, I am backing two other projects that I haven't even looked at, this one is an open window on my computer @Brian No I had to back out last minute due to me getting a red light camera ticket. Curses! :( Wish I could have. @Chris Gabrielson Not before I excoriate them! Muwahahaha, their flesh shall be mine! So I'm looking at finalizing sourcing for the 4 sided die, and I keep wishing we could get a four sided die made by Artisan Dice. Did anyone else get a set? I F5 this page a lot throughout the day :) No kidding! @james thats what you get for not checking for updates every 30 seconds like us noemal backers :p Okay, SERIOUSLY? I just happen to bounce over here to see if there's anything new, and WHAM! a new backer category and BAM! it's already sold out! AArrrrggggghh! Yes, though I believe they can choose any name they'd like, I'd prefer a Dark Nemesis named Sakall rather than one named Cutiepie94 :) Congratulations, BUYING this game is already the best RPG session I've had in about 2 years. :P I can't wait... Anyone else notice that the speaker antagonist's names sound villanous? @chase corned beef obviously Serpent's Tongue will be one of the most innovative games of all time. Something really special being created here. @Apocryphal Well, chance favors the prepared mind, so I suppose from that you could argue that they are one and the same, yes? :) He is moving through various stages of his spiritual awakening, heading towards transcendence! @Joseph... did the opportunity appear or are you already climbing ladders of power through incantation? I wonder... ;) How am I to refuse a Prodigy Master opportunity that appears so fortuitously? Though I imagine my face will be quite red (and crunchy) when someone sets me aflame with my own incantation Congrats on breaking $15k! Let's see those stretch goals soon I hope! : ) Welcome Speaker Antagonists! Oh dear, a co-op enabled immersive TCG. I guess I didn't need that money anyway...it's a fair trade for untold power and artifacts right? I do love my artifacts. I started throwing money at the screen but nothing happened. So I just opted to pledge 45 to be able to play with a friend. Looking forward to this! Okay you've got my $45 and I'm debating bumping that up to $85 just to be able to either support 4 players right away or have a whole bunch of spells. This sounds like it'd be a great party game too. Imagine drunk casting. :) have you guys considered trying to get a spot in knights of the dinner table, or dragon magazine? KOTD does lots of reviews on new card games and such...that would be a great place to turn some gazes your way. Woot its getting serious up in here - timeless forces positioning themselves on the board, Speaker and Antagonist, recurring motifs of a primordial struggle. We lost an antagonist I think Weird we went down $100 but added a Speaker and still have the same number of backers. I would really love to up the level to Speaker but it's all about the comparative budget. I have to put 'game spending' into a category. Most games cost ~ $60 and I don't mind giving ST a double share of my budget, but as it approaches 3-5x the budget, it's harder to justify... Perhaps if there were some lower-level incentives where I could up my investment by 30-50% or maybe I'm just being jealous of the Speakers; covetous even :) Oho--a challenger appears! :) Now we have two Speaker slots for some lucky folks! Well worth it just for the option to get a whopping six cases if you chose two Master Collector sets. Whew! I'd like to be a Magi level boss though. Muwahahahaha! >) Now I'll be an Antagonist! :) Welllllll, with my upped hours at work, I guess I could up my pledge. :) Just need a Speaker or Antagonist to step up and we're at $15k! Can't wait to see the stretch goals (and gotta check at work to see if my bonus pay is coming before this ends... might be persuaded higher...) i repeat: gwahahaha. Oh I mean.. Evil Antagonist Sakall Of course it was you... you evil bastard Speaker Sakall (he and I know eachother for years in real life). Nice now just one Antagonist and one Speaker slot left! That Antagonist could put us over $15k! gwahahaha...doom. So what will it be Krell, roast beef or corned beef? aw, and here i really wanted to fight the boss known as majjintor :P Man I really wish I could afford speaker antagonist! ah well, I suppose prodigy magi is as close as you can get to cannon protagonist~ I can live with that @ jayce possibly :P instead of doing a playtest video they should do a livestream of a playtest with pausing after x amount of time for Q&A :O Rawr! Is it bad that I already want us to have some sort of con? :D oh ho! we have an antagonist! but whom!? No problem good sir! Just patrolling the ether is all. I dig the ominous note there too... @Christopher Is the new title Speaker Antagonist or Prodigy Speaker or some unholy amalgam? : ) @chris ...it all started because they couldn't agree to have corned beef or roast beef sandwiches for lunch... @Krell Maybe one of us should make a specialization especially suited to taking on Speaker Antagonists! ; ) @Krell Not sure which is worse, the Pants-less Landsharks over on Wasteland 2 or the Ponymancers here. ;) @christopher, the audio timer sounds amazing! Watching the sand of time flow though your fingers is one thing, but waiting for the inevitable but unpredictable - that is real tension! I'm not sure how the timer will work exactly but I have this vision of someone stumbling over their incantation in a moment of pressure... This is all very exciting stuff! ahahahaha lets continue the pony jokes by demanding the boss be a ponymancer :D Curious about the Avakshar system for sure. I'm not on so many forums as I once was but I'll do what I can. yes, but i like having a specialization slightly more :P Very tempting to be a "Boss" in the game... I wonder... heh, the new speaker level gave me an idea. you guys should add a pledge level with max 2 and have it so the pledgers names would be written into a future expansion(or just the lore) as two big time rival mages always against each other :P just a random thought I had and wanted to throw it out here before i forget. Awesome new level, hmmm.....; Oh and when you are ready, you might look into getting Tom Vassal of Dice Tower to do a preview of the game, if possible logistically. Almost to 14K, looking good! sooo the new speaker levels are for being the bosses in a campaign? ;D oh ho whats this that just appeared? I have a few questions, 1) there are sample chips, stones and hourglasses on the website, are these fairly representative of what the final products will look like? 2) where can we get more backstory?!? :). I'm really curious about the ancient roots and progression - I can totally see using this as an RPG supplement/base! 3) I'm an active member of the geek (bgg/rpgg) but I haven't seen any thing there yet (I'm a paying user so I have an ad blocker). If you're marketing on the bgg ad space you're hitting a big chunk of users but you are missing some core users who are primarily forum/database users. Are you guys mounting an entry for the game soon? Would you give permission to use your website media for users to mount it for you? @Christopher The Kicking It Forward link appears to direct to kickingitforward.org%20 and doesn't reach the page as a result. 100+ go team magi! Oh, I noticed that higher levels don't include the Initiate level's signed Codex. Is that something we can add +$11 and get along with our higher tier pledge rewards or should we use a second account if we want to do that? I know that my work friend was also interested in doing something like Adept+Initiate if it is relatively easily done. I surely would add that on myself. Kudos on pledging into Kicking it Forward, I will definitely be increasing my pledge as a result before this comes to an end. I am very excited about this project and am fairly certain that one of my friends from work will be pledging in before long as well after today. Can't wait to learn more! 100! Our first century of magecraft! Wohoo 100! Super excited for the game, looks really great! It is those with patience who mark epochs This looks awesome - I can't wait for it! Never really got into card games before but I am excited for this. Hopefully I can get some people at the office to play. So, uh, how about dropping a couple of $1k-$2k "Visit" slots into the pledge rewards? I've seen many games basically offer a reward that was 8 copies of the base game, delivered by the designers, along with a pizza party and teaching the game. Haven't seen many of them sell, but on the other hand you did manage to sell the $400 slots in like 15 minutes, sooooo... @Jeremy, I know right? With my prodigy magi pack i'm gonna have far more cards then i will most likely need. I hope they do something like it sometime in the future So I realized that when this ships, I'm going to have a lot of cards; much more than the codex holds. Have you guys given any thought to, down the line, selling a hard-cover tome to store cards? Maybe something like 4-9 cards a page and maybe about 30+ pages. Are there any plans to make a PDF of the rules available before the end of the kickstarter? I know some of my more skeptical friends are interested in seeing the rules before jumpping in given how different the game appears at a glance from games they are used to. Speaker Pentad, perhaps some raging mage comics should appear into the ether from the speakers and the community. That is a fun sounding idea for a creative outlet based on Serpent's Tongue. Nefariousness seems to run rampant with the Speakers...Mua ha ha... Congrats on 13k and counting, and the kicking it forward is wonderful! I am definitely interested in other reward levels...I cannot wait to see what is to come! @Gunnar Don't make me start a new genre of rage comics, "Mage comics" haha! Yes, my nefarious plans are just too large to imagine. Too many speakers shall ruin my ideals! >) @Speaker Chia - We've been discussing a lot what further reward levels we want to open. Don't worry we are going to open a few more levels up, we're just working on the specifics! @Prodigy Speaker Pentad - AWWWWWWWWWWWW YEAAAAAAAAAAAAA! @Prodigy Speaker Krell - <url>"Kicking it Forward" as a possible way of gaining some visibility. It would mean putting 5% of profits from the finished product (you'd probably want to clearly define this since there are several different products that seem like they will be released at launch of Serpent's Tongue) into Kickstarter projects of your choice, and that commitment would let you add yourself to the roster at Kickingitforward.org and use the logo on your own KS here -- just a thought since you are actively soliciting ideas! @Sakall Thanks! Nifty stuff and I sent you a friend request, o Speaker. of course if you'd like to friend me on facebook that's fine as well *shrug* it's really just a little thingy on my facebook page...i'll copy paste it here ‎: HEARKEN ALL YE WHO SEEK THE LIGHT OF KNOWLEDGE : ~ ENLIGHTENMENT AWAITS ~ But so do many other magi who seek the power and the glory...and some do not share well. Will you reach the pinnacle and soar over the threshold of transcendence, or fall to ash amongst the shadows of your rival's blinding wrath? *TERMINUS EFFECTUS* ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *cough* so yeah...this game looks intense, the concept is totally unique, and the guys behind it have a great attitude and approach toward the gaming community...take a look at the rewards for pledging to see what i mean. then it was just a link to the vid. @Sakall Would you mind reposting the piece mentioned somewhere where we can read it, or at least link us to it if it's public? : ) I'm curious! Yeah thanks for answering that, it's going to make this story very interesting, especially for prodigies thanks chris, glad you liked it yeah, the whole card flipping thing was just a thought i had...it seems unlikely someone could get away with that at a tourney, true... cool on the language thing, thanks for answering that. brando, that whole idea of the multi-incarnational thing sounds really great, there's some serious story potential there. um... if there are ponymancers there have to be ponyslayers, all i'm saying... do ponymancer's have extemely high friendship levels? Oh my how intersting that would be great if we hit that mark. I hope at least for 40k so we can get those special codex's Interesting note here guys. There is a trend tracker for kickstarter and at our current rate the projected amount of money appears to be.. well take a look for yourself. <url>"Ponymancer". :D Also, Specialization: Ponymancer. That is all. (Master: 10 Resonance: This card is now 20% cooler) Question: So, at the Magi pledge level, as part of our bonus stuff, we get 2 of the special Kickstarter Specializations (of which there are 4, which you have previews of on your webpage). Do we get to PICK which two we want, or do we get two of the four at random? Colorful ponies! With bulbous heads and talking about friendship all the time? the horror, The horror! * (ruins the game for everyone) and/or (makes it the best game ever) by suggesting the most powerful spell in the game should summon colorful pony like creatures* :P We are gonna blow the doors off this one! Already over 60% of the way there in a WEEK?! I'm thinking this is gonna be another one of those 450% funded projects by the time it's done. :p @Brando - thanks for answering my question, EPIC stuff :-). I have a feeling that the next 33 days will make the waiting once funded feel like an eternity till we get our hands on this incredible game! Magi Thomas @Gareth Thomas - Yes Magi Thomas fits into our theme great. Serpent's Tongue is set very much in OUR world, with your character's back-story going back thousands of years and many lifetimes. Its this back story that you will experience and participate in through the cooperative adventure 'Out of Eden'. Each ACT moves you through your various incarnations, from the ancient to the modern. So Magi Gareth Thomas is alive and well in our time, but exists simultaneously at many times throughout history. Its this 4th dimensional bridge that allows a Magi to re-access the power cultivated in previous incarnations. This is the journey of a Magi's soul to God-hood. As soon as I saw this I had to jump in - initially as a Prodigy Adept, but then I kept thinking about it all day, talking to folks about it... and I couldn't help myself, I came back and "adjusted up" to the Master Player level. Can't wait, guys! Finally it's a staff pick! I was wondering what was taking them so long! :( This game should have been a staff pick a long time ago. Also, $295 is weird for me, I'm just gonna add an extra $5, make it an even $300. That'll make me feel better. :) Wooohoo! We made staff pick right on the front page of "Discover"!! Down to the last Prodigy Magi slot! Exciting stuff! Mid-South Con (<url>"Krell" so it stuck with me. : ) I was going to go with Kauri, they are so amazing, but at least I get one of them in my set and some unseen goodies! I wanted ten or more for Burning Wheel. Getting randoms for your players is super cool of you! Awesome, I tagged the last one(PM). I am spreading the word! This game is going to be amazing! Awesome! Yes, who is the third Prodigal Speaker?! Comment and join us, O Tertius! third prodigy speaker just went :O whodunit @Majjintor Oh for sure, sucked me right in. : ) Gotta learn enough about the game and setting to come up with something awesome that I'll want to play all the time, haha. Point of pride it'll be after all. And I'll have to get good at the game so I can trash groups of my employees at once after I get them into the game as noob--I mean apprentices. @Jayce Pentad, I know I can't wait to see what my character will be in the story! but you have to admit getting the entire game + you on a card badass too. @Majjintor Prodigy Magi is badass, man, probably what I would have gone for if not for my bonus money. You'll be a legit character in the game! @ jayce i was going to comment on your name then i saw your icon ahahaha. and i just got the kauri set :P and 4 random packs to give as bonuses to my dnd players that do extraordinarily epic things during a game :) I wish I could afford the prodigy speaker set, ah well Prodigy Magi will have to do. Hope those who get the speakers really enjoy their purchase ^.^ @Krell I got the Collector's Ancient Woods set... At the very last moment, too. Thankfully I recently paid off a bunch of bills and have a bit of mad money for a change. ^_^ @jayce i know the feeling :> did you get any of those artisan dice from that one ks? ::highfives Krell:: I'm so spending too much money on KS lately... i just noticed my name is an example, lols :P same ;D YAY FOR RANDOMLY CHECKING FOR UPDATES Yes! Prodigy Speaker nabbed! So psyched -- I /just/ missed the Speaker slot that opened up last night briefly and was bummed, so have been watching like a hawk since the mention of PS slots coming soon! Thank you ST team! ActuallyI have a question regarding prodigy character slots. Are we just getting a character named after us? or are you allowing us to submit a character for the story? :D Glad I could give you guys a laugh! I've definitely linked you guys on Facebook a couple of times... XD Have you looked into d20radio.com? I know the forums there might be a good place to post about it. Alright, I have some news on international shipping. Right now after our $10 discount, shipping will be around $48. Our goal is to get shipping down to $25-$30! I'm working on several different methods for this and I'm confidant we can lower the cost for our international pledgers. Also don't worry if you live in a location where it is cheaper to ship to, we will definitely take this into account. Prodigy Magi #8 reporting in, I can't wait to see what will come count me in on a prodigy speaker when that goes up :) Ahh, cool! That makes sense (Dominion is one of my top 5 card games of all time. :) ) I'm pretty sure, with the quick spike so far, that you can definitely hit $40k, and more! With such a cool and unique game concept, I seriously can't see why people won't drop the money! *releasing any card binders Are you guys planning on releasing in card binders/folders for our extra inscirptions and spells? Or do you at least have a suggestion of something that would be around the same size as the cards that I could use to store my cards? Hi Chris, thanks for the update about Inscription packs, very informative and my thoughts about this game just keep getting better and better. Will there be an opportunity to add additional Inscription case / packs at some point if we wanted to before the game ships? I just took the last line for life!! So if I'm reading the previous comment correctly, the current line for life will not include any personalisation of myself into the game? you sure you don't want to add a few more speakers? ;D So, I don't know if you're familiar with BoardGameGeek.com, but you may want to to head over there and do things like add Serpent's Tongue to the Database, and advertise the game in the Kickstarter forum there. If you're not familiar with BGG, it's basically a website dedicated to hobby gaming, and it's been something of a powerhouse for Board and Card game Kickstarters. Getting your game into the top of the "Hotness" column and/or having images from your game get into the top 10 image board on the front page (and I really feel the art on your cards will easily take them there) can pull a lot of interest to your Kickstarter fast. I have seen it pull a game over $4k in 3 hours (surpassing it's funding goal in the process) more than once. Pledged, with full Wifely support even. My girlfriend and I think this is the most amazing idea to come from a gaming company in a long time! You've go my support and keep up the wonderful work! lol @ nerd-gasm. My thoughts exactly when we originally started play testing the game. Thanks Chris, will adjust pledge when Briam has found the right solutions. This game just looks amazing!! Looks brilliant and pledged but any update on international shipping? I'm in th UK. FOR THE LORE! i'm already having visions of different "houses" of magi having battles to determine their positions of power in the world...*diabolical laughter*...at any rate, i'm in. If I knew I'd have people to play with in Korea with me I'd definitely back at the highest! As it stands it's already so tempting to go higher... Ah man, I really, REALLY want to see this get funded! A game that doesn't require you to sit and actually stay seated to know what happens once you get good enough? You will surely be praised by friends who can't stand my inability to stay seated. Not only that but it's an actual BOOK!!! AND A LANGUAGE!!!! *_* What role-player hasn't wanted that? I'm going to go quietly have my nerd-gasm now... *_* Looking forward to casting some epic magick battles with my brother! Great job on the immersive game design! It's really pleasantly surprising to see so much interesting innovation in one game. =) I'm really looking for more details on gameplay, such as the more complicated, higher-level incantations. Christopher with this getting funded (and so far it looks good) I will be in contact about a convention that I would like to make sure this gets demoed at. I know its ground floor now, but I want to see it be demoed and successful. I truly truly want to compliment your artisan approach to gaming, one of my favorite gaming items I have seen and had the privelege to back here on Kickstarter. All in on the highest backing level, this is one of the coolest and most unique looking games I've seen in a while, can't wait to get my hands on my spellbook! :) This could so be used for a LARP. I am in for that alone. This game sounds really interesting and unique. I am excited to try it out.