Thief He's name is written in one of the below comments. If you live in the USA, you can sue his ass. <url>"like" Shining Force. So it's a just a dream to get a game that even slightly resembles Shining Force these days? His facebook (Robby Mulvany) profile is fairly easy to find. He'll probably ignore or block anybody who asks for a refund. I think its safe to say that we will not see a final product for this game. Not a big surprise but I had hoped to see a small dev get a game out on XBOX. ANY UPDATE ON THE GAME?! left comments on his youtube videos made within the last week This e-mail, <email> is apparently him. I plan on bugging the shit out of him. This user's account has been deleted. Damn, you are right @leo, I didn't noticed the literal copy n paste reply. Very disappointed.... This user's account has been deleted. Here is what the Kickstarter rep said: "Hi there, Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. I’ve reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. My goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon." What a crock! As an update, I spoke to my bank so I can get my funds back, unfortunately my bank rep stated they needed to hear from Kickstarter regarding this (which I did report about this project), and he was familiar that Kickstarter isn't in charge of handling the transaction and explained to me the pledging process. He went on to say that the creator is the one who really has to follow up with the project, not Kickstarter. What a joke! Very infuriating considering that Kickstarter probably is aware of these practices and turns a blind eye to situations like these thus them posting their terms of service. As for the last post regarding the creator's website disappearing, I think he monitors the comments section to check on his pledgers to see if we caught on. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I reported it as well. I suggest (like others are saying) to report it as well. I think it might be good to have everyone start e-mailing weekly to request info and money back. I will be sending mine out today. What email or contact number do I make to Kickstarter? I already contacted my bank and they stated they need to talk to Kickstarter regarding my claim as this project info will back up my claim this is a scam project that did not deliver what was originally promised. The only hope is to go to your bank/card issuer and see if they will help. Given the amount of time that has passed, the chances are slim but it's worth a shot. I am only out $25, so it's not worth the hassle for me but I do encourage anyone else to give it a shot if they are so inclined. Also, make sure you report this campaign to Kickstarter as fraudulent. How do I go about getting my money back?! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. well, the website listed below (www.shiningempire.com) is just a blank page. Looks like we all got ripped off at this point. This user's account has been deleted. Consider this a dead project. Anything? This user's account has been deleted. For more clarification, I backed the game up with the "weekly development updates" pledge, so if this guy lost his ability to post updates via kickstarter due to "log in" issues, can't he still keep the backers updated since he does have the e-mail addressed of those who had that pledge? Not happy at all and I hope the word gets spread out on this project cuz a failed promised release date is nothing to laugh at when money is on the line. For more clarification, I backed the game up with the "weekly development updates" pledge, so if this guy lost his ability to post updates via kickstarter due to "log in" issues, can't he still keep the backers updated since he does have the e-mail addressed of those who had that pledge? Not happy at all and I hope the word gets spread out on this project cuz a failed promised release date is nothing to laugh at when money is on the line. Wow, more excuses...show us updates now. And if he somehow manages to show his new "updated" game, the backers should ask for a refund cuz this is the most mismanaged kickstarter I seen. The guy works with pixel 2D graphics, how game breaking can development be? Sorry but I ain buying that explanation. Hey Everybody- I emailed the developer and asked for an update...info... something. Here is the response: Sorry for the delay and lack of updates - there's going to be some more info VERY soon. More videos, screenshots, info. The game is a huge endeavor and I definitely underestimated how much work would go into it. I've had to rebuild the graphics engine from the ground up because we were having issues on lower-end PC's. When you've got a world that's thousands of miles of open world you've got to be very careful how to stream in data. I was in such a rush to get the kickstarter out that I built it in a way where it was very under-optimized. Update please? last one was on August 14th. Any update? This user's account has been deleted. @World How could he make an alt account and post in the comments section when only backers can comment? @world that is why I am having a bad feeling about this kickstarter project. All this time and not any effort from the creator to communicate any info on this channel. :/ This user's account has been deleted. @ Ricardo, I guess we'll see by the end of Oct as stated by the campaign. But yeah, the series of unfortunate events on top of working on other projects for whatever reason is a bit disheartening. Here's an update from the developer: <url>"ideas" and "promises" added with delays with no progress shown and troubles with the Kickstarter log-in database/email? As a contributor, I am trying to think this is project is a bust. Any new info and screenshots checked facebook to no new updates, last update 20 feb Been a little quiet lately. Any news? I like the idea of a prelude game, $5 is an good price point. Without being too blatant it needs to advertise Shining empire to people who have never heard about it, whilst still being complete within itself. So someone could buy it and not feel like they bought 1% of a full game, whilst still wanting to buy Shining Empire. I don't have any issue with it delay the main game a bit as it will ultimately help to improve the final product I like the new idea of being the uncle in a brief little prelude. I don't see any bad sides and we kickstarters all know that the games won't be immediate anyway so little delays here and there that improve things never hurt! Just my own two cents. There is always the possibility of setting up a paypal account for anyone who wants to join in later. The main thing now is for ACLLC to take his bow, then set up the update schedule leading into the beta sometime around August. And we're officially funded! Looking forward to the next steps. Hopefully we'll get the other stuff too. Congrats on the success! Slightly bummed on no ship battles or achievements, but a good game will stand out regardless. I agree with @timster80 I hope we get to $3,500 as I wanna play airship/sea ship battles! That would be epic! Come on, backers, lets go for the $3.500 stretch goal! I think Arcade County was hoping word of mouth was enough but I agree social media would be a strong tool in this last week. By connecting your facebook now, everybody that pledges from this point forward would know where to look after these 6 days. You could tell each pledge that if they 'Like' Arcade County on facebook they will receive some fancy avatar item or something at release. May not be much going on yet but as we get closer to june before the email dev group, it would be very beneficial to show off a tad more so that we can establish what suggestions are appropriate and what should and should not be talked about on facebook vs the dev group to keep the facts away from the suggestions. I am very interested in what the Shining Empire Life server is all about... Ahhh, so what you really need is a friend who can handle the social media and PR stuff! Well, I do live here in Dallas. We may even know each other....if only I knew your name. The folks behind Arcade County is actually just one guy, he happens to be in the main video too since you're hinting around visibility, can't miss that hair! He has been known as Slim in his game community and has always seemed somewhat private to me and who can blame him since he ran so many online role playing games without KickStarter, he has had to deal with the worst scum of the internet and I am sure he does not take his privacy for granted, I wouldn't. He may not be the best at replying but he has been pretty straight forward in his projects to this point and should not disappoint, if you really want the insider scoop I suggest pledging enough to be part of the dev group. Yeah, the lack of reply kinda hurts the progress of the Kickstarter. More info about the development, questions answered from pledgers, and any status updates would be great. So.....Can we find out a little more about the folks behind of Arcade County LLC? I feel kinda weird not even knowing any names. Also, do you have a facebbok or twitter account? Those can go a long way towards boosting the visibility of this project. Visibility=more backers=more monies=more awesomeness! Been playing this guy's games long before he was Arcade County and i cannot wait for the sense of nostalgia this game should have. Really hope we get some online features with or without the stretch goals, his online games in the past have always had a certain level of epicness. And another question: Does players have to be online all the time? Because of the server you mentioned. Online Coop would be great, I'd love to see Shining Empire reaching that goal. Maybe I'll raise my pledge. Question: On the 50$ level, do I get a physical copy for PC and can I get a code for the digital Xbox One Version? Just wondering, could get to know the people behind Arcade County LLC a little better? I'm sure your backers would enjoy learning more about you guys! Right now, all we know is that you are from Dallas, Tx. and you make great games. Congrats on reaching the 2nd stretch goal! Hope we can reach the 3rd goal too! Upped my pledge. I really want to see this succeed, and I have a little extra money coming in, so happy to help. As long as I get my digital copy for Xbox One, I'll be content. Thanks! This looks a little amazing. Pledged $50. May increase later depending on funds. Had a question on the $50 tier. It says we get a physical disc copy of the game. Would that be a physical copy on any platform we want? Or are you only doing physical copies for Mac/PC? Can we pledge $100 to get the $50 tier twice? Clearly, I meant to say "I wished I could turn them off" I agree with the creator re. animations: I, too, always wished I could turn them on just to have the battle finish quicker. In every _strategy game_ (points to the target audience), people seem to turn them off. @Eric Matthews while it would be cool to have those animations, if they are included I would like the ability to turn them off. They get tedious after a while. This user's account has been deleted. Being a 'Shining Force' spiritual successor, I was expecting the animated fight scenes between two opponents. Is that going to be an option? So excited about how versatile this game will be. Farming, building, adventuring. Huge map! Traveling adventurer or property mogul? Sweet. :). Can't wait to make some bacon!!!! Great game from the looks of it! So, I pledged for the $17 tier, I assume at some point I will be asked which version I would like? (Xbox One as of right now) :) I think greenlight would be a good idea for publicity. I'd also suggest contacting as many gaming sites as possible e.g rock paper shotgun, eurogamer, joystiq etc for coverage. We need to get those stretch goals met. have you thought about putting the game up on the steam greenlight? Woot, funded. Now let's push this as far as we can. Third time is a charm ;). Do you have some stretch goal prepared? DING!!! Funded!!!!!!! @ACLLC thanks for the response! The tombstone idea is solid. Less than $200 to go! This user's account has been deleted. Also, I second World's question about Shining Anvil In the first Kickstarter, you mentioned sending your party to "other worlds", which I understood as another player's game and fighting their party. I don't see mention of that in this Kickstarter. Was my understanding of that correct and, if so, is it still in the game or will this be strictly single player now? Either way, I am in and I am glad to see that we are close to the goal! I have a couple of friends that were also fans of Shining Force and other similar games like Final Fantasy Tactics back in the day that I think will be interested. Also, I am a bit leery of the perma-death idea for the main character. I mean, if I play the game for 85 hours and then bite off more than I can chew or do something stupid like blow myself up with a bomb and then end up having to start over from scratch.... I will likely not start over and will just not play the game again. It was always bad enough losing a couple of hours of progress on a game because I forgot to save my progress. Losing the whole game would be ... rough. I think that perma death in an RPG crosses the line between "challenging" and "Discouraging" but maybe that's just me. Awesome art in the hardcopy just makes it that much better. The main reason I like to always have hardcopy is because I've had to do quite a few software migrations, and installing from disk is always easier than trying to remember where/how you downloaded something in the past. Already almost to the goal, that's pretty sweet! Wow. I don't know how I missed this before, but it sounds like an amazing concept. What encourages me most is your commitment to making NPCs do everything the player does. In that respect I do have a question and, if I may be so bold, a few suggestions. Will there be NPC adventurer's who independently and/or in groups go on quests or are they limited to the villages? I might suggest giving NPCs the ability to lay down a blueprint of a building they desire in your town. This could be a transparent image of the building and the player could dismiss the blueprint or deliver the materials to create it. Dismissing the blueprint would obviously upset the NPC who laid it, but building it would do the opposite. This would make the game feel even more like a living world where NPCs have agency of their own. Also, if you're aiming for the game to be virtually endless, I might suggest adding in skill atrophy of some kind. Otherwise eventually the player is going to be god-like and without a need to maintain skills there won't be nearly as much to do. Just some thoughts - thanks for reading and best of luck with the campaign! This user's account has been deleted. Ok, time to up that pledge then, i do also get the digital download with the physical box, right? (included previous reward). Just to make sure ^^ I ask you because i am in Europa so.. Btw, about the box edition, what about shipping? Is it included or not? Darn, that pitch sold me completely out lol. Just stumbled across this kickstarter on kicktraq and had to pledge as it looks great. I love the idea of being able to run a town. Also I love a game with vast game world. Sometimes its nice to just head off into the wilds and go exploring... Wish I could afford the $200 level, but I'm stretching my resources for the $50 level. Gotta get the hard copy of the game at least! :) that 200 is totaly worth it I upped my pledge This user's account has been deleted.