On the surface, the story behind the much-buzzed-about home networking start-up company Soap, Inc. seems like the story of a lot of tech start-ups. Someone discovered a new way for technology to solve a problem and, more specifically, recognized the potential of helping millions of frustrated home owners simplify home networking. But below the surface, the story of Soap, Inc., a company now poised to revolutionize the way consumers interact with home networking, is as much about the someone behind it as it is about the start-up itself. So how does an idea go from a pipe dream to collaborative relationships with the leading hardware manufacturers? Turns out, sometimes the journey truly is more interesting than the destination. Soap CTO Alex Jones’ journey to start-up success began in childhood. Always a tinkerer, Jones displayed an uncanny prowess at a young age for taking things apart, figuring out how they work, and putting them back together again, and found a true passion for computer science that continued to develop in to high school. “My family nicknamed me Magneto,” Jones said with a smile. “I used to spend any extra time I had in high school in the computer lab trying to learn as much as I could.” As a young adult, Jones started suffering severe migraines and was eventually prescribed Vicodin. In the years since Jones suffered his first migraine, the medical community has reconsidered how they treat patients with narcotics. But by the time he was taken off the Vicodin, it was too late. Jones was addicted. “This is when all hell broke loose, but I didn’t know it. I didn’t even know I was addicted,” Jones said. “The spiral began when I realized I liked this drug and it did something for me it doesn’t do for everyone. I now know this is a disease. At that time I had no idea of the danger of what I was doing so I kept going back for more.” During this same time Jones worked with his father in a tech business. On Jones’ 21st birthday, his father was suddenly diagnosed with leukemia. Within a week, his father was put into a medically induced coma due to complications from the chemo treatment. Two weeks later he passed away from those complications. Jones and his brother found themselves in charge of a company they joined because of a man who was now gone. His brother was left with liabilities that forced him to file for bankruptcy later that year. “At that point the drugs were my emotional support system and crutch,” Jones said. “I realize now that I was mad at God and the world. For the next five years, my life continued to get worse. I was in a dark place and made many of the mistakes that most addicts do while stuck in the disease of addiction including arrests and legal problems.” Sick with addiction, Jones made a decision in 2012 that he has regretted since: he bought a plane ticket and left the country. But, before long, he found himself on a return flight back stateside… with nothing but 8 hours of self-reflection and the Atlantic Ocean between him and the justice he had evaded. “The desire to get better and to be where I am today was always inside but I couldn’t get to it because I didn’t know how,” Jones continues. “I have learned the importance of hope. If you lose hope you give up on your life and you become ready to die. I was at this point. Then out of some miracle, I found myself placed in a court program designed to help people turn it around.” He entered this HEALS Program in 2013, which was specifically developed to rehabilitate addicts through intensive behavioral counseling. “It’s a program that just gets your life back together. And I needed it. I totally needed it,” Jones said. “I volunteered. I went to counseling. I got the tools I needed to really stay sober.” And in his sobriety, Jones noticed the trouble his parents were having managing all the tech devices in their home. Soon, Jones started to develop the ideas that would lead to Soap, Inc.: a way to monitor and control all the devices in their home, including parental content controls and device timers, home automation devices, with one intuitive and easy-to-use interface. But Jones soon found that although his idea had legs, he could (and should) not outrun the consequences of past mistakes. On the heels of a successful initial crowd funding campaign for Soap, Inc. on Kickstarter featuring a hardware component of the technology, Jones filed bankruptcy to begin the process of moving on from rehab costs and medical bills, a step that allowed him to focus more attention and resources on developing Soap. After recognizing a shift in the marketplace, Soap has evolved from concentrating on hardware to developing software that is universal across many routers and home automation platforms, enabling the company to potentially serve a larger market. And like the company he founded, Jones has evolved. He has evolved from an addict at rock bottom to an advocate for the HEALS program, even sponsoring a bed in a sober house with a monthly donation. “I realized that in order for me to stay healthy from the disease of addiction I have to give back,” Jones said. “So I look for opportunities to be service to anyone I can. I go help the homeless with money and care packages. I give rides to people that need to get to appointments in our court program. I volunteer wherever I can. The amazing thing about service is that I get more out of it then the people I try help. The service has made me so grateful for life and where I am now.” “I’m grateful for all those bad experiences because it makes me who I am today,” Jones said. “And who I am today tries to do as much good as I can.” Jones has found a way to weave that sense of gratitude in to every aspect of Soap, Inc.’s company culture. “It’s a great product that will give many people the ability to download an app and simply manage the complexities and potential dangers that come with more people using more technology at home,” Jones said. Although the path to innovation isn’t always pretty, it typically isn’t as lined with adversity as the path that has led to the truly revolutionary technology behind Soap, Inc. But who doesn’t love a good comeback story? Soap plans to launch in March on the Apple App Store and Google Play, thus giving consumers a new home networking solutions app. For more information on Soap, go to www.soapapp.us . Backers, Just a quick update. For those of you who have pledged for hardware, you will still receive hardware. The new hardware will do 90 percent of what we pictured Soap to do. We are very excited to get this out to our backers. We are very close to start fulfilling our pledges and appreciate everyone's patience. We have received some hardware and are working tirelessly to get them over to out to you guys. We want to give you guys a product that not only meets our visions, but will also fulfill your needs and what you wanted Soap to do. Thank you for all the support. Soap would not be at this point if it were not for you and we truly appreciate each and every one of you. Soap. We wanted to provide all our backers with an update on the Soap status. Don’t worry there aren’t any upgrades in this update : ). The Bad News We were hoping we would have our assembled board today to show off to everyone, but there has been a delay (we know its lame). They are having to assemble these first few boards by hand; which slows down the process quite a bit. Obviously for future PCB production runs this will not be the case and they will be to be produced at a much faster rate. The Good News While there is a delay, DEVA/EMI has assured us that we will have our first batch of boards sometime this week. So on the bright side of things it will only be a few days at the most. This package is probably my favorite of them all. Adding another Wi-Fi card to Soap might seem strange at first thought but the benefits of a secondary high-powered card are pretty great. This will make your Soap the top dog in the world for routers with speeds unmatched by the current ugly routers in the industry. • 2x 802.11ac (ngba) Wi-Fi modules from Soap doubling Soap’s routing abilities. • Over 3 GB/s Wireless. Speeds are maximized with Soap mesh. Get double the speed. • With Soap mesh, you can create a 3 GB/s wireless link. This means that your Soap devices will be able to communicate more to each other with no wires and fast as an SATAII connection SSD. • You will be able to double your network loads. • Double your customizations. • Double your mesh speeds. • Your Soap device will be a Hex-band router. • You can create six networks. Once installed, you will be able to manage the secondary card in our Soap Settings and it will be as simple as telling Soap what you want to do with the extra speed. Included with this upgrade: You will receive a second Marvell 802.11ac Wi-Fi card along with the one that comes standard in Soap. This will come pre-installed. Four upgraded SMA connected High Performance 5” antenna. (not required to work but will help with range and signal strength.) Soap Wi-Fi Upgrade: $100.00 Q. What Soap models support the Wi-Fi upgrade? A. You can upgrade any Soap model including the Solo, Dual, Quad, and 8.4. Q. Can this work with a cellular expansion as well? A. No, there are two mPCIe expansion slots. One is already being used by the first Wi-Fi card and the second would either be used for the cellular expansion or the Wi-Fi upgrade. Get it Here . wanted to show you guys some of the progress, here are couple of images of the Soap board. We will have assembled images in coming days. We wanted to say THANK YOU to all our KickStarter backers, we had over 300 pledges on our IndieGoGo campaign from you guys! We are offering a couple different upgrades and accessory options currently on our campaign. We thought you guys may be interested. Colors Upgrades Now Available: We have been in discussion with our manufacturing team and by using a metal anodization process, we can create Soap in a variety of different colors. You can upgrade your color for just 15 dollars. We are also offering a white digitizer upgrade option for only 10 dollars. To upgrade visit our IndieGoGo campaign, and pledge to the Color Upgrade option, once the campaign ends we will contact you for your color choice. The stock color is Soap Blue, as show in the image below. Check Out Here Soap Speak - Wireless HD Bluetooth Microphone and Speaker with 3.5 MM adapter. Speak to Soap and let Soap speak to you. Controlling most of our apps via voice. This accessory will allow you to check up on Soap and our different apps via voice from anywhere you place it. You can have multiple units to utilize the voice features anywhere in your house. Also will integrate with Google Now. high-output speaker and listening mic. - 3.5mm audio jack for connecting to a speaker and mic. - Bluetooth 4.0 low-energy, enabling a range of up to 150ft. - battery power/micro usb and can be charged with Soap Dish. - super long battery life: 8 hours consistent use and up to 2 weeks of standby time. - voice automated security - Voice recognition for router features like voice WPS. - can be used as a home automation trigger and listener. - Works with 3rd party development and has API For the next 48 hours you can get Soap Speak for 20 dollars off of its price of 60 dollars. Check out these upgrades here. Hi Guys have some good, bad &amp; GREAT news for this Update. So let’s start off with the Bad. TEAM USA LOST ;-(. Ok now to get serious. On to some GOOD news, Soap is doing great and has raised its goal on indiegogo! We are already working to move ahead with manufacturing as hitting this new stage in volume and new campaign goal will now allow us to achieve a better production price (HINT HERE To a surprise down below – Our Savings = Money saving opportunities for you guys/gals!) . We have received a notice from our manufacturer about our board. It was identified that it needed to be changed due to some issues involving silkscreen and a drill hole that required an adjustment, but not to worry it only set us back about 1-2 days. Its official KitKat is running on our prototype board! We had a meeting with Freescale last week and are excited for future items to work with Soap and the IOT world in general. We would like to get any help from our backers in our WikI creation and community creation. We need help with moderators and people that will keep the “trolls” in line! We are expecting Soap in the coming week and will post a demo asap along with a board picture for those who are interested. We will be sending out the first units in the next two weeks and if all tests go as planned will begin manufacturing the beta units! We plan on sending these first units to a number of people for reviews including and not limited to hackaday as they have been kind enough to offer to beta test Soap! Below (at the end of this update) is our most recent prototype and development platform which has enabled us to do software development and work on drivers. It is missing a couple features of our final board but 80% is the same. Ok so before we get to the GREAT stuff, lets answer some questions we have seen that are outstanding. If we missed yours, apologize but feel free to email us at <email> and we will get you an answer. (1) Q. Will KS backers be receiving the same stretch goals from the Indiegogo project or not? I can tell you that I have seen this question asked nearly 10 times now, and the simple answer is YES. Anything being included (AT NO COST) on the indiegogo campaign will be provided to all KS Backers. However, if its an add-on you will need to back that add-on item on indiegogo to get it. Hope that is self-explanatory. (2) Q. Why haven’t we posted a demo? Being that our this update identified at-least one reason for the delay, we plan to receive the modified board by July 12th or earlier. That being said, our new plan is to have a video up within a week of the boards arrival. (3) Where’s our Love here on KS vs the slew of updates on indiegogo? Our apologies for that and you all have every right to give us a virtual slap on the hand. But we’ve got some more news and images below that they haven’t received yet just for you guys. Ok so onto the GREAT Stuff: (1) We are going to make a deal available to all KS backers to give you all the ability to upgrade from the Touch/QUAD to the 8.4” or from the Essentials to the Touch/QUAD unit should you choose to take advantage of it. So here’s the deal…act fast if you are interested. (Please keep in mind these that you can only back upgrades for the number of devices that they backed on KS.) a. Soap QUAD (formerly Soap Touch here on KS) backers will have the ability to upgrade during the next 24 hours on indiegogo for $75.00. Yes that’s not a typo; initially we were offering this upgrade for $300.00. This won’t last a minute past the 24 hours. After 24 hours the upgrade price will go to $100.00, which is still a massive savings. b. Soap Essentials – As you know this device was only made available to KS backers, and as stated previously should you want to stick with this model it will be supported. So if you want to upgrade here’s a great opportunity for you. To upgrade to the Soap QUAD (formerly Touch) we are offering a $50 upgrade, to upgrade to the 8.4” the upgrade cost will be $150.00. Once again this is a steal. Don’t let it pass you by. (2) Inductive Charring – As you all remember in our last update we decided to include the battery in all devices at no additional cost. Well here’s more for you at no additional cost (Partially). We have modified the case of our devices to be ready for wireless charging! Exciting right? Now here’s why we said “partially”, we will be providing an add-on available on indiegogo for the charging pad which we plan to call the “Soap Dish”. We estimate that this will be sold for $75.00 and will let everyone know once its available on indiegogo. Here’s us showing the LOVE, check out the rendering of the charging pad before it’s on indiegogo. (3) Soap Multi-Tracker Tool (Soap Bar or Soap on a Rope)– I’m sure you’ve seen may variations of devices on KS and indiegogo, that can track devices and more, but the plans we have and integrations we plan will make this addition a must have. We will provide a more detailed update and feature set on this product soon but are estimating a $40 offering price on indiegogo campaign. Once again, here’s the LOVE, image first to KS backers before indiegogo. (4) By the way we have fun playing with naming these devices but would love some feedback from you guys, give us some add-on device names that you think sound good or make more sense? Thanks Soap Team Hi again, We wanted to re-post part of the last “Non Confusing Update” as our copy/paste between multiple documents accidentally rearranged the update order and possibly made it more confusing. Sorry for that. To assist in this cleaner update we have bullets for each clarified piece. Our reason for starting another campaign is pretty simple, our project faced some interference during our KickStarter campaign that caused loss of exposure and most likely affected the total volume of backers we could have received. As the campaign grew we realized that we would need to manufacture more units and had hoped to reach a level that could bring down our cost of manufacturing. Thus the reason for starting another campaign to aid in increasing the number of units to be ordered which in turn will lower our cost of manufacturing. (Hope that helps clarify) The Soap Essentials &amp; Soap Touch (“previous product name”) which all of you backed here on KickStarter will be called the “Soap Quad” moving forward. There is absolutely no difference in hardware on the Touch or Essentials (non-touch screen) which you all backed here in comparison to the “Quad” with the exception of (1) a non-touch screen model is not being offered to new backers, (2) backers on this new campaign are paying MORE than KickStarter backers did, (3) the offering of the 8” touch screen, which is at a higher price point and (4) an internal battery is now included. Speaking of the internal battery, all KickStarter backers are also going to receive the internal battery included in their device at no additional cost. Yay! Right? As to any backer who added extra funds to include the battery, we will be upgrading your battery to a more powerful battery. The “Soap Essentials” model itself is being eliminated from manufacturing post-delivery of the KickStarter backer units . This decision was made purely to allow for ease of support on our devices. Support for the unit itself is NOT being terminated in any way whatsoever as of this time. In fact the devices share nearly identical hardware with the exception of the touch screen, which allows for all devices to be maintained within a single update. We hope this helps clarify any concerns. In any event, we appreciate all of your past, present and continued support. Please keep spreading the word about our revolutionary product and its availability, whether it’s by mentioning us on Facebook, sharing our website or our new campaign. Anything and everything helps, and who knows there may be more surprises in the future like the one above as lower cost of goods allows for extra goodies! Lastly, we are super busy at work for you and it is sometimes more difficult to reply to a comment or create a complete new update that needs to be structured for the public vs just replying to an email, so If you have any questions or concerns, please email us directly at: <email>, <email> or <email> and we will make sure to get back to you as quick as possible. Don’t let that deter you from commenting as we do love feedback, but note that you may not get a reply to your question as quickly or until the next update. Thank you, The Soap Team Want to just clarify, As many of you know, we only were able to be listed on kickstarter for half the time we initially requested. Here is some answers to questions some of you have brought up. Soap Product Line Specs: If you cant find the tech spec on the general list scroll down to the extended detail list for more information on each technical specification. iMX6 1 Ghz -1.2 Ghz Quad core 1MB L2 (Soap Quad and 8.4) / iMX6 1Ghz-1.2Ghz Dual Core 1MB L2(Soap Dual) /iMX6 1Ghz Single core 1 MB L2(Soap Solo) 2 GB DDR3(Quad/Dual/8.4) / 1GB DDR3(Quad/Dual/Solo) 8GB(Solo)/ 32 GB On Board Storage(Dual/Quad/8.4) X10-310Mhz 433 Mhz NFC Insteon RF Bluetooth v2.1 + EDR, v3.0 + HS, v4.0 WiFi 2.4/5 Dual 802.11AC(Master) up to 1.3+ GB/s and Beam-forming technology(see below for detailed specs) WiFi 2.4/5 Dual 802.11N(Secondary see below for details) Zigbee- 802.15.4-2009 (2.4GHz) Z Wave- (EU 868.4 MHz /US 908.4 MHz /HK 919.8 MHz /NZ 921.4 MHz /AUS 921.4 MHz) USB 3.0 x 2 open ports USB 2.0 x 1 open port with USB OTG and UPNP HDMI for display and more to come. SD Card Expansion Slot • SATAII(8.4 Soap has Populated SATAII for 128GB SSD storage ext.) mPCIe Expansion port x 2(One open for customization and other is populated with our high speed 802.11ac WiFi card) Battery- 2600 milliamp(if you paid for a upgrade you will get this) HD LCD- 800x600 inch Capacitive Touch Kyocera Display/ 8.4 inch has 1024x768 Kyocera HD Display. Soap Specs Detailed CPU: Freescale® i.MX6 Solo ARM Cortex A9 (1.0 GHz, 512KB L2 Cache, ) Freescale® i.MX6 Dual ARM Cortex A9 (2 x 1.0 GHz, 1MB L2 Cache, ) Freescale® i.MX6 Quad ARM Cortex A9 (4 x 1.0 GHz, 1MB L2Cache, ) Freescale® i.MX6 Quad ARM Cortex A9 (4 x 1.0 GHz, 1MB L2Cache, ) 8.4 inch RAM: DRAM up to 2 GByte onboard DDR3 memory, 1066 MT/s Ethernet 5 RJ45 Gigabit Ethernet I/O Interfaces 4 x USB 2.0,1 x SATA ,1 x SDIO, 1 x I²C bus, 1 x CAN Bus, **4 x PCIe 2.0, 1 x USB OTG, 2 x USB 3.0,1 x SPI Sound I²S Graphics Integrated in Freescale i.MX6 Series Video (VPU), 2D Graphics (GPU2D) and 3D Graphics (GPU3D), 3D graphics with 4 shaders up to 200MT/s, dual stream 1080p/720p decoder/encoder.OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenVG 1.1 Power Consumption Typ application &lt;5 Watt Temperature Operating: 0 to +60°C commercial grade Humidity Operating: 10 to 90% r. H. non cond. / Storage 5 to 95% r. H. non cond. Video Interfaces: 1 x HDMI, LVDS 2x24 Operating Systems Android 4.0, Linux Storage- 8 GB/32 GB on Board Storage with SD card expansion unpopulated and a SATAII Connection available for expansion and boot up. (8.4Inch has SATAII connection populated with a 128GB SSD boots from SATA) WiFI 802.11AC(Primary): Directly from Marvell data sheet: -Dual-band (2.4/5 GHz) IEEE 802.11ac 4x4 System-on-Chip, the Avastar 88W8864 is specifically designed to support the speed, reliability, and quality requirements of next generation, Very High Throughput WLAN products. -4x4 MIMO 3-spatial Stream -Dual-band 802.11ac offering 1.3+Gbps WLAN PHY rate -Backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n -Channel Bandwidth up to 80MHz -256 QAM Modulation Scheme -Market proven Implicit and Explicit Transmit Beamforming technology -Low Density Parity Check (LDPC) Secondary WiFi Chipset Specs 802.11N 2.4/5.4 Dual band IEEE 802.11a/b/g/j, 802.11n, 802.11d/e/i/w, 802.1X, 802.11k/r/v/h Data Rates 802.11n: from 6.5 Mbps to 150 Mbps (MCS 0-7),802.11a/g: from 6 Mbps to 54 Mbps 802.11b: from 1 Mbps to 11 Mbps 802.11n Advanced Features1-SS, 40MHz bandwidth, Greenfield Preamble, Short-GI, 1 spatial stream STBC, RIFS, A-MSDU, A-MPDU, Aggregation with Block-ack, A-MSDU inside A-MPDU, PSMP, MTBA, Fragmentation and Virtual AP support (up to 8 BSSIDs) QoSWMM and WMM Power Save Support -Wi-Fi modesEmbedded Wi-Fi client and Access point Network Protocols TCP, UDP, DHCP, ARP, IGMP, DNS client. Integrated web server. -Supply Voltage3.0-3.6V, 1.8-3.6V Operating Temperature Industrial Grade -40ºC to +85ºC Typical Transmit Power(+/- 2 dBm) Wi-Fi: 18 dBm for 802.11b DSSS 17 dBm for 802.11g/n OFDM 15 dBm for 802.11a/g/n OFDM Rx sensitivity (+/- 1 dBm) Wi-Fi: 1 Mbps -97 dBm (&lt; 8% PER) -54 Mbps -76.5 dBm (&lt; 10% PER) -MCS7 (20MHz) -72 dBm (&lt; 10% PER) MCS7 (40MHz) -69 dBm (&lt; 10% PER) Zigbee Specifications: 802.15.4-2006: DSSS High performance Zigbee receiver with -101dBm Rx sensitivity Support for multiple Zigbee output powers up to +20dBm Zigbee Certification 802.15.4-2006: 250Kbps 802.15.4-2006 (2.4GHz) Bluetooth Specifications: High performance Bluetooth receiver with -95dBm Rx sensitivity Support for Bluetooth Transmit power class-1 Bluetooth: 1, 2, 3Mbps Bluetooth: GFSK, DQPSK, 8DPSK Bluetooth Qualification Bluetooth v2.1 + EDR, v3.0 + HS, v4.0 Z Wave Specifications: RF • Freq for 9.6kbps / 40kbps EU: 868.42 / 868.40MHz US: 908.42 / 908.40MHz HK: 919.82 / 919.80MHz NZ: 921.42 / 921.40MHz AUS:921.42 / 921.40MHz High Sensitivity (-102/-98dBm) FSK Modulation 9.6kbps/40kbps Data Rate -22.0dBm to -2.0dBm Output power (ZM3102N) (EU, US) -23.5dBm to -3.5dBm Output power (ZM3102N) (HK,ANZ) Complies with: EU: EN 300 220 US: FCC CFR47 part 15 HK: HKTA 1035 ANZ: ANZ 4268+A1+A2 X10 RF US- 310 Mhz and EU 433 Mhz Insteon RF- Data rate Instantaneous (within a single packet): 13,165 bit/s Sustained best case (over multiple packets): 2,880 bit/s Sustained average case: 180 bit/s[4] Message types Standard: 10 bytes Extended: 24 bytes Message format/structure Source Address: 3 bytes Destination Address: 3 bytes Flags: 1 byte Command: 2 bytes User Data: 14 bytes Message Integrity: 1 byte Devices supported Unique IDs: 16,777,216 Device Types: 65,536 Commands: 65,536 Group Members: 256 Insteon engine memory requirements RAM: 80 bytes ROM: 3 kilobytes Typical application (light switch, lamp dimmer) memory requirements RAM: 256 bytes EEPROM: 256 bytes Flash: 7 kB RF physical layer Frequency: 902 to 924 MHz Modulation: FSK Sensitivity: -103 dBm Range: 150 ft unobstructed line-of-sight[5] The Soap Essentials and Soap Touch is now called the Soap Quad, it was renamed. Soap Essentials is the Soap Quad without the screen. We are not offering the Soap Essentials for anyone other than you guys and are offering you a way to upgrade to a LCD unit. We are still going to manufacture the Essentials for the backers that do not want anything else and are happy with the unit as we will fulfill our commitment to you. For all kickstarter backers, whether you have an essentials or touch, you would be receiver the Soap quad. The essentials you would receive the quad without a display. We changed the name for the product and we made some confusing changes. We are sorry for any confusion and we are hoping this clears up some of that confusion. We just added an upgraded version of the touch. the 8.4 is just the same carrier board for both the touch and and quad just with a larger screen. no matter what product i.e. soap solo, dual, quad, or 8.4 the carrier board that we are creating is the same unit. We are not creating a new product line prior to sending out the original product. It is all part of the same product line. We are still on schedule to release the early testing units at the end of July When we asked for support we were not requesting you to purchase new products. We simply added some upgrades you can purchase and give more options for the products we will be manufacturing. we are doing a secondary campaign to bulster more support for the soap product. the more pre orders we have the cheaper it will be to produce. For those of you that are wondering and want a firm date for the demo, it is being manufactured as we speak in California. We plan to have the demo in the last business week of June and have a video on the 26th. What the future looks like for kickstarter backers. June 26th. video, test prototype Stress testing, software loading for the first week of july. If the board passes our stress testing, we will order the first 300 Soap devices with EMI manufacturing. Within the next 2 to 4 weeks EMI will be shipping to you guys directly. You are the first testers of the product and we are counting on you guys for feedback. Every 2 weeks after the initial wave, 50 units will be shipped out until we reach our 200 early release units. If you decide to upgrade to the soap 8.4 and are afraid that it will put you back in line, do not worry. We will make sure your place is the same. we will just change the unit you receive. Either way we appreciate your guys support. please keep spreading the word and we look forward to doing business with you. If you have any questions or concerns, please email us directly at: <email>, <email>, <email>. we will make sure to get back with you in a timely matter. Thank you, The Soap Team We have quite bit of bigs news and some exciting things that will be happening! Check it out out our notes... We have started the Soap Developer Community and we ask that any one that wants to follow the development process, check out the API and start developing hardware or software for Soap go and register now and you will be the first to receive the Soap Developer kit when ready. We are finishing the site and will continue to add specs, info and more Soap information. www.soapdevelopers.com We are very excited that we have more firm dates on our the arrival of the first 5 final production Soap devices before the end of this month. We are hoping to have them by June and we will begin the process of sending out the first units for early developers and testers. We know this is exciting news. Big Good News! After much pushing from a lot of you guys.... We have another big announcement and we think you will be excited to hear this. With our recent progress and finalized production plan and timeframe we have decided to run a secondary crowd funding campaign on indiegogo.We know most of you have been telling us to run indiegogo this for quite a while now as we all feel a little like we didn't get the full shot or opportunity we could have had on here We are looking to get enough on indiegogo to add another 200 piece build to our large order with our turn key manufacturer for August and we think this is a great avenue. At this moment with all your pledges we still only have about 800 units to build and to get to the price break we need that makes making all these devices reasonable we want to cross that magic 1000 piece order saver. we would love to be 1000’s more and to be able to make Soap popular enough to be in more homes. To potentially urge you guys to maybe share this campaign with others and to potentially upgrade you own Soap device. We have some new Soap Devices you may love and we want to make sure we give you guys a way to upgrade if desired. Go check out our project below….There is a lot of information and stuff you guys will love listed on the project. <url>" (1280x800) Screen, 450 NIT and Glass Digitizer. **(Soap Touch Only) HDMI Internal SD boot Firmware Please take note of the additions and changes as they are final. With the changes to our final design that we feel has allowed us to take big leaps forward. Development Notes and Changes: We have decided to use a SOM from Congatec. Congatec imx6 SOM We have added a multi RF module able to communicate on 310/433/920 MHz(This was possible by all the people that pledged extra to get the USB 3part) We have added X10 RF -We have legitimate 1000 MB/s Ethernet. We have found a solution to the imx6 470 Megabytes per second limitation. We have legitimate USB 3.0 on Soap -You may notice that we have two WiFi chipsets both being dual band. We have made our final decision and we are going to be in the final. We will be using Marvell for our wave 2 chipset. We decided that the cost of development time with Quantenna is too long and more expensive then planned. The disadvantage of this is we will have a minimal speed reduction from the 2 GB/S to around 1.7-1.9 GB/S with all streams or to 1.95 GB/S with both chipsets on all streams(Only really possible with another Soap device) if you utilize both wifi chipsets and point them at a device with the all streams. We are aware of the RAM reduction, we apologize for this but our appetite was too large for our stomach and it just wont work. Soap with no Rope will be functional with all Soap devices but will requires the thumb adapter or another WiFI router or Bridge to link to. Partners and Affiliates: We have a few new companies we are working with to make this all happen: HWI - This is schematic review, design and revisions and our go to Support Deva (they are IEM partners)- California- This is our turn key quick turn prototype company they handle suppliers, print and assembly. IEM and EMI <url>— This is our turn key manufacture that will be handling our large orders in the amounts of 500 and more. The will also do the part supplies, printing, assembly, packaging and shipping. Everything after final design is done. General Partner ,Soap Team, and Other Misc. Trade Relationships List(people we work with): IEM, HWI, Deva, Sage, Intel, Avnet, Arrow, Embedded works, Marvell, Freescale, Congatec, Sigma, RF solutions, Sparklan, Mouser, Digikey, Microchip, PLX and more. 2. Software Status- We have been working with a couple of programmers and have recently begun work with a remote firm to finish the software. Finish is a relative term in software but we are using them to finish the three phases and begin phase four. As you can imagine we will always be working on this with updates and new ideas but we have put development in these phases We have the software development in progress and divided into 4 phases. 1. Soap Basics- This requirement is to combine all the linux and android drivers available for all the parts in Soap and to compile it into our Kernel. -This is in progress as we speak 2. Soap Library and System development- This is what it sounds like and will be what our Soap apps are able to access for their creation -This is has partially begun but we are waiting on the first phase to finish Soap Apps. 3. Development of apps for android that will on Soap and be manage through its own UI. This also includes the android phone and tablet apps along with the IOS apps. -The process, UI and partial development has begun. For phase 1 2 and 3 we expect to complete we have been told to expect 4-6 more weeks. We will begin the Developer community, new apps and fine tuning old ones. This will include support and updates for existing apps. This will begin in July and extend for the extended future. -The Structure and flow process has begun on these but cant move much further until phases one and two have finished The planned apps we talked about previously have been combined into a more functional three apps system. -+Soap Automation Manages all the home automation connectivity Soap Voice Recognition and Management will be standard on all of our applications but will ask to be configured before functional. This feature utilizes voice control to manage Soap. IT will utilize Soaps Microphone or the Microphone of the device you are currently near. When installed on the device it will listen for your voice and can act of commands based on what you tell it. The great thing is you can set permissions on voice. So Soap owners can get full admin access and even give guest voice control access to others so they can utilize features you allow. To full use this you will need to install the Soap Voice apps on all devices. -+Soap Guardian This will manage your parental controls and user level access This feature will have the voice recognition and security ability and will be controllable via voice. -+Soap Secured This is the custom security and privacy, along with the previously called flypaper apps. We also have been integrating Soap Voice Recognition and Management in the security app This feature utilizes voice control to manage Soap. IT will utilize Soaps Microphone or the Microphone of the device you are currently near. When installed on the device it will listen for your voice and can act of commands based on what you tell it. The great thing is you can set permissions on voice. So Soap owners can get full admin access and even give guest voice control access to others so they can utilize features you allow. To full use this you will need to install the Soap Voice apps on all devices. -+Soap Theater and Music We are working on our Media streaming and theater system app that allows mixing and matching of wifi, bluetooth and any speaker to create a 5.1, 7.2 or whatever floats your boat theater sound system. Also will have voice control function. -+Soap Router and Networking - The routing function and radio on/off ability will be built into the system along with some custom network management abilities to allow translation between different RF. We will have a app that runs at the higher level and will allow router control and connectivity management. Soap uses a WiFi direct and Mesh Networking and has standard network routing architecture to act as a router. We are working on our own custom system level management for this also as default. So that your router and internet wont crash if the app crashes on Soap. Will have voice WPS ability and other cool features. Soap Energy Management (System Level with App level access) This is the ability to tell Soap to save power in your home via IoT devices and on the device itself. This will notify you of home automation devices left on and idle and will even turn things off if you allow it to manage your own. This will work like Power Saver mode on your phone or tablet except more functions to save power. Soap Phone, Tablet Android and iOS Apps- Soap will have remote access and management apps for android devices such as phones and tablets and will also have the same app in the iPhone and iPad Version. These apps are being designed now and we will start development when the batch of final prototypes arrive in June. These apps will allow you to manage Soap and you home from their interface. So you can control it anywhere you go. We are in the process of allow multiple types of remote access and local access: Remote Display and UI access- This will be exactly like you are on the Soap device. Similar to remote desktop but for tablets and phones. This is the easiest way to manage Soap as it wont require any fumbling with the UI to figure out what is what. IF you know your Soap device you will know this one. HTTP Access- Another method the app will be able to connect is through our app and using the http mode which will connect you to your remote access ip address if your are not home or if at home it will access the default gateway. This is just like managing your router today. This mode will not allow all the functionality as the RDA but it does work best when bandwidth and speed are a concern. Also usable on desktops, laptops and other large machines Soap Static App Control- This will simply be like any other home automation app that controls a hub. IT will work both locally and remote and will allow total administration and management within the app itself and wont require opening your device browser. Ethernet Control: Any device connected via PORT 1 on the LAN connections will be given a default gateway redirect when first powered on. This will allow you to configure and setup Soap via PC. Soap Touch- Soap can be configured, managed and totally usable with no need for any other device. Meaning you can just turn Soap touch on and it will guide you through. Soap essentials- Soap essentials will require any above configuration procedure or a HDMI or Wireless Display with a Mouse or Keyboard to configure. We have put a auto pair wireless display function in the design of essentials allows those with no HDMI the ability to stream to their smart TV right away. All of these options are under development and not final. We will not be able to finalize these feature until a later date but this what we are working on now. Other apps- You can run a lot of different apps and Soap is being be registered with google play. Chromecast works, Netflix and more. One apps note discussed on KS and here is the Soap Integrate and Connect App(that is not the name) it is the app that will tie in all your favorite apps and then will allow you to utilize that particular app in a way that makes use of all of Soaps abilities. Example: When soap detects you arriving home it will use wireless display or a chrome cast to stream your next episode of your favorite show on Netflix. Third Party Developer Apps- We still are going to allow 3rd party hardware and software development in the open. We are expected to have our API and SDK up by the end of June. This will be a rough version and require us all to work together to pull it off. Our major concern in this area concerns the Security, Privacy and Potential data mining risk. We are discussing our final process for the Soap verified safe process that will allow a developer to have us list their app as safe and verified non malicious. We are considering a similar process as good play and that if its a unknown source Soap will notify users of the potential hazard and offer you a way to bypass the permission check and/or allow or to block. This is not concrete yet and we will not know more for a couple weeks as our final architecture turns out. To put you minds at ease you will not have a monthly fee to operate Soap. The talk about premium apps was not correct. To all backers outside the US: Please be on the look out for surveys and emails from us in the next month. If you’re email has recently changes please email use directly at <email> for us to get you fixed. We will need you to verify what kind of power supply plug you require. We are using something similar to the apple charger which allows easy change of the plug. We are not using a wall wart. This means that we will be able to make sure you can plug Soap in no matter where you are. We are going to need a response via email and will also try to do a survey for this as we didn't mention it in our previous backer kit surveys. ++++All Developers, Coders, Hackers and more that are interested in creating apps, hardware of both that will work with or on Soap needs to contact us. Send a email to <email> and tell him of your interest and we can get rolling.++++ Join the Soap Developer Community- We are in the process of building the Developer Portal for soap which will allow for the easy portal and platform for multiple developers to work together on Hardware and Software that works with Soap. We feel this will be a great way to grow the Soap community and to just make great technology. This will be announced and running in the coming weeks. If you have any request or conceptual ideas of this please email <email> as this portal all of ours and any ideas and help is much appreciated. The User Interface- This is something very important to us and we really want to make Soap and easy to use and possible while also allowing a lot of development access and will be posting the design planned soon. We realize that with the amount of apps and, programming we are working on is a big workload but we are making adequate strides to keep a good timely pace. If needed will remove certain features for beta and release a software update and auto patch with the additions so we can test as we go and not have to wait for all of it to be coded to get moving. We are trying to do everything concurrent this is a challenge at times but we are moving along and are grateful for your support. 3. The Case and Packaging- We are working with a engineer to finalize our injection mold. It looks like we will have a three piece case design as follows. 1. The outside case 2. The inner housing 3. Back access panel door. We are able to make all three pieces in one mold and this allows us to save a great deal of income. Packaging- We have our packaging design done and hope you like it so far. We are still working on the inside of the box and what it will contain and if we are going to use recycled paper or go green. Going green would mean a digital startup guide and would be easy for the Soap touch people but this plan will pose a problem with the none LCD Soap device people. If you are not able to figure out how to get it working. If you have not seen it you go to our website to take a look at both. 4. The Final Prototype- After our most recent changes to the PCB with the SOM change we had to alter our original print and get it redone. As of now Deva(a great prototyping company in California who is pattered with IEM) is doing a small build quantity of Soap and its expected to be done in the middle-end of June. We also are expected the early OS build to finish up mid June so it will be just in time for the print. We are confident that we will have a showable demo in June and are excited for this. 5. The Estimated Arrival Time Line As we said we are waiting for the June deadline to finalize the device. This is expected to be the last revision before production. We think we still can keep close to our timeframe because of the people we have chosen to work with. IEM is lining of all the parts needed for our larger order now at the same time we are finishing our final prototype. This allows them to have all the parts ready to go when we are. Once this June batch of prototypes is tested and deemed ready we will notify IEM to begin. We already have told Congatec about our quantity needs for the coming months and they are excited to be part of the Soap project. We are still expecting to stay close to our time frame we are in the process of finalizing dates for delivery, amazon preorders and more. Depending on our finalize large qty agreement with the manufactures we will be working with potential outside revenue to allow us to do a larger production run and keep the cost lower. As you know this takes negotiation and prices can be significantly reduced with a large enough order so we will be working on a way to increase our order load for our retail round this may be done with Pre orders or just us footing the bill and having them in stock. We have been able to keep all of the design, development and manufacturing of Soap in the US :) Outside the US Only: We are also still on track for the Europe and Asia version we are working the required certifications concurrent with the US version and since we have been able to use multi RF modules we are able to create only one hardware type and to adjust the modules RF with software. Since we are not on the shelves of Best Buy YET our requirements for certifications are minimal especially with the SOM and Modules choices of hardware but we will work to get as many certifications done as possible before shipping. We expect production runs to happen like: 1.(Agreement Complete)Final Functional Prototype Build(June) 2. (Agreement Complete)Beta 100 Unit 50/50 Touch/Essentials Build(July-August) 3.(Agreement Complete) Late Beta/Retail 200 Unit Build Order ratio of 2:1 Touch to Essentials(End August- Sept) 4. (Terms being negotiated now)Retail 1000 Unit Build- 750/250 Touch/Essentials.(Oct)-Finish fulfillment 5. (Terms be negotiated)5000 Unit build order(Dec-Jan)- All KS pledged will have been fulfilled by this time Obviously this is a generous time line and doesn't calculate in revisions. If a change is needed then you can expect a 4 week delay for schematic, layout, BOM part find, Review, Print, Assembly, test. So we are not expecting or anticipating any changes or needed revisions. 6. Process and Procedure for rewards Our current plan for the early units is to begin the manufacturing of those units in July after the final prototype undergoes rapid stress and environmental testing. We are in the process of compiling the list of backers and the ETA for their product. We will be notifying you individually by email and you will be given a Soap order process ID. This number is going to be your ticket in line. We will be organizing who gets Soap when by giving each backer a number based on when they pledge and their and selected reward. So for example all June-Sept backers will be organized into a list and the first pledge will receive the first product. The early units will work this way do the the staggered development waves. Obviously we want to order in as large of quantities as we can as it will cost less per unit. We will be doing this for the early units as we expect to have a large enough manufacturing order to get all the later units complete at the same time. So what this means is June-Sept pledges will all be numbered and notified by email of their number and place in line. All Oct-Dec retail units will just be given a id number such as 1RM1214ST for the Soap Touch and 1RM1214SE for the Essentials and will be shipped at the same time. To all backers outside the US: Please be on the look out for surveys and emails from us in the next month. We will need you to verify what kind of power supply plug you require. We are using something similar to the apple charger which allows easy change of the plug. We are not using a wall wart. This means that we will be able to make sure you can plug Soap in no matter where you are. We are going to need a response via email and will also try to do a survey for this as we didn't mention it in our previous backer kit surveys. If your email has recently changes please email use directly at <email> for us to get you fixed. If you are a dollar backer or none reward pledge and we have your information on file you may be receiving a Soap care package in the mailbox(yes the old one) It will contain Soap Company, Product and a little gift of thanks. We also will include a coupon that will give you a discount on the retail product that can be entered when purchasing for a lower price. Its just a little Soap &lt;3’s You Care Package. 7. Soap prices: The price changes are NOT FOR KS BACKERS only for new orders so do not worry. You may have noticed our retail price is on our site. We are working within our BOM and burn rate to set the accurate sales price. This price will be as significantly more then what you guys have paid as, we expected. We will be doing another survey that will ask you some questions about suggested retail price and your preferences. This will help us to finalize a retail price we list for customers in the future(not KS backers). We also will ask you about each feature and you rating of that potential feature or option. So please fill it out! We are aware that we have unloaded a lot and you will have questions. Please ask by email. Please email any questions to <email> Comments are not able to be answered as easily as emails. Love, The Soap Team. On side note please go to our Facebook and Twitter page and follow and like us please. we are going to start using this social media outlets more often in the coming weeks and we hope to have all of you apart of it. We have been putting together a large update with a lot more final information. The problem is we don't have the final information yet. We can give some soft dates though. We plan on having our first live demo of Soap around mid June. This will be a demo of Soap that all of us including you guys have worked together to create and be a demo of the July units and what we will have manufactured for the early units. We have been able to find solutions to allow for us to keep to our time frame as much as possible and we want to walk through them. We have been able to make a few things standard that we don't want to announce yet we would rather show you but they have to do with: -SOM Vendor for CPU (For any hardware guy this was a obvious change that needed to happen for development) -Battery power -433, 310, and other Misc frequencies. -Storage -Wifi 802.11ac Modules availability Marvell and Quantenna -Premium apps from Soap and subscriptions available and discounted price for KS backers only As for software this is being put together as we speak and is one of the things we are still waiting for updates from our programmers. As soon as all the information is ready we will post the update but we are going to spread our updates out to a frequency of about twice a month as there is little information to do a full update every week. Hello, Apologize for the missed update. We have been meeting with suppliers and manufactures and we will be posting more informative update later this week. We have some more defined information with production, API, apps and finalized features that we think you will love. So hold tight and Friday we will have more information. Hey just thought I would post a quick update for you guys. We have some new renderings of the Soap device that I thought we would show you guys. Let us know what you think. Also if you guys have questions please email us at <email>. Hello Backers! It has been another insanely busy week here at Soap, we currently have a lot on our plate and are working like crazy to meet all our deadlines. Things are going surprisingly smoothly for a tech project. We hope to have a bigger update for you in a week or two. New website The Soap website has fresh new update and is a bite easier on the eyes, make sure and check it out. Final Case Design We are planning on having the final case design to show you guys in next weeks update. BackerKit Don’t forget to sign up for BackerKit we need everyone in the system so we better track all of you guys. Again thanks for all the support! Soap Hello! Weekly Update: This week has been packed with a large amount of work varying in type from software to hardware and everything in between. Here are some key notes and topics: We are expecting our newer PCB print to arrive in the next 1.5 weeks and are excited for this! We will be posting pictures as soon as we have something presentable. We will be taking these ones to the assembly plant immediately and will be sending a lot of Soap Touch and Essentials off to different places. One of the places we will be sending the devices is to US and EU regulatory testing and we hope to have Soap submitted to a few more countries for testing within the same week. This approval process will take about 3 months so we are still on schedule for Soap in July and are excited to be keeping the pace. We have finalized on a LCD and Digitizer that will look beautiful in Soap and we are excited to have been able to make the HD glass on glass digitizer and LCD assembly a real spec and not a just a dream. Message for specs! Soap has been invited to a couple of big conventions and meet and greets in San Jose in June and other locations. More details soon. We are also dealing with a developers and have created a project with some project management software for any remote developers to allow us to work together with more fluidity. Email or message for info- <email> If you have a app idea or a accessory idea email Alex at <email> Please finish the backerkit survey and take a look at all the home automation accessories and upgrades we have been testing. If you are confused or need help send us a direct email at <email> PS-We are aware of the emails and are trying to keep up with all the questions. So please be patient. And as always thank you very much and we will talk soon! We have sent out backerkit invites and hope you guys have had a chance to take a look! Invites for this are in your email. If you have already used backerkit check it out again, as of today we have added a lot of home automation items and a few more cool items that we have been specifically testing with Soap. We think you will like them! We also have fixed Canada shipping. If there is a missing Soap Automation device or accessory you feel we should have available send us a email at <email> or message us directly on kickstarter. Some of the items added are the Global Cellular mPCIe expansion for LTE and 3G World Data for all carriers. LED bulbs, Switches, Sensors and more! Thanks, Team Soap As promised here is our weekly update. BackerKit Invites Invites for BackerKit invites will be going out Sunday or Monday, keep an eye out for a couple new addons that will be available. Software Developers This week we have been in contact with multiple software developers to find the best one that will fit in with our team. Soap is hiring If you would like to develop software or accessories for Soap please contact us at <email> Website Still under construction, we hoped to have up this week but it is not quite finished yet. We should have a bigger update in a few weeks times, if you have questions or concerns please email us at <email> Website Update: A new updated website should be up and ready to go in about a week. So keep a look out for the new design. We think it looks much better, and we hope you guys will think so as well. Office: We are currently in the process of moving into our office and should be all moved in by the end of the weekend. BackerKit: We will be sending out our BackerKit invite in about 10 days, and we will make sure we do an update when the invites go out. Pre-Orders: If you missed the Kickstarter campaign or know someone that wants to pre-order Soap, you can order Soap at the link below. <url>"look" like a developer. We would like to address this and state the clearest we can that we are hard working people that are a little over ambitious at most. <url>– Camera, Speaker, and Microphone will be added to the Soap Touch 125K – Optical Audio will be added to both Soap Touch and Soap Essentials 175K – Quantenna QAC2300 WiFi Chipset will be added to Soap Touch 185k - Quantenna QAC2300 WiFi Chipset will be added to Soap Essentials A Couple New Pledge Levels Added Sneak Attack Double Trouble Special: Get a Soap Touch and Soap Essentials at 50 dollars off of the regular Kick starter price. Free USA Shipping. 2x Soap Touch Vacation Home Special: Get a Soap Touch for you home and vacation one for your vacation home. Free USA shipping. We just wanted to send out an update to say thank to you to all of our backers, and wanted to say how we greatly appreciate your support here on Kickstarter. We are only ten days into our campaign and have already hit our goal of 80,000 dollars, this is awesome. We thank you for your continued support and ask that you continue to share the Soap with anyone you can so we can hit these stretch goals. Thanks! We have decided to open up 20 slots to the sixty dollar price on the Soap Essentials, So if you want one you better get on this one! SOAP ESSENTIALS SUPER EARLY ADOPTERS SNEAK ATTACK: Be one of the 20 lucky people to get the Soap Essentials Device for 40 dollars off of the full Kickstarter pricing. This is the last time the 60 dollar price will be available. FREE USA SHIPPING! Stretch Goal Update 125K – Optical Audio Connector Included We will have an Optical Audio Connector added to our PCB. 150k – Soap with Linux is available At 150k we will offer the option of ordering a SD Card that will boot Soap into Linux and allow you to install Linux as dual boot or run straight from the SD card. The Soap with dual boot Linux is targeted at people who want the ability customize and hack their Soap device. 200K – Internal battery will be built into Soap. Soap will have an internal battery that will allow it to be powered anywhere. 275K – Bubbles will be available as an upgrade. Soap bubbles is the same concept as our Wi-Fi range extender but will do all the wireless connectivity from Wi-Fi, Zigbee, Z-Wave, BLE and Insteon. We plan to have soap bubbles at a 60-90 dollar price point but this is not set in stone. 400K – Soap with No Rope will be built in. Soap with No Rope is 1 to 1 connection. You will be given a small Ethernet/USB hardware piece that will plug into your WAN source (Modem or router) this will then transmit the signal at wireless gigabyte speed to Soap and would remove the need for the cord to get the internet flowing.‏ More Q &amp; A and Clarifications Clarity on Soap Bubbles On the project page it originally listed the Soap Touch model including the Soap Bubbles product, this was not correct, the Wi-Fi 802.11AC range extender is what is available as an add-on, not the Bubbles product. Though we have decided now to add a stretch goal for the Soap Bubbles product, this will allow all pledges to add Bubbles if we reach the 275k mark as an ad-on after the funding period has ended. Also the range extender will be an October ship date. The Soap Wi-Fi Extender The Soap Wi-Fi Extender is an 802.11 Ethernet/Wireless bridge access Point simply designed to give greater covered over your house. This will be around 65.00 dollars there are currently not to many WIFI 802.11AC and we will be pricing it to be competitive as we want to make the whole home network experience easy. (Will be shipping in October) Soap Essentials/Touch Super Early Adopters Both the Essentials and Touch Super Early adopters will be receiving Beta units in July. The Beta Soaps will have the same functionality and connections, but there will be bugs that need to be worked out. All the Super Early Adopters will have the chance to swap out their Soaps with the finalized model in the fall if needed. We are anticipating most issues will be easily fixed with software updates. Per the request of some of our backers we have added a developer pledge level. Developer Special : Early beta access to the Soap Touch Device, Access to SDK, 1x Zigbee Module Zigbee-Pro w/wired antenna, 1x Zigbee-Pro w/o wired antenna, 2x Z-Wave ZM3102 Module, 1x BLE dev hardware, 1x Bluegiga- Bluetooth 4.0(BLE) module‏, 20x Soap rewritable RFID tags‏. This is meant to give devs known working modules with our devices and full beta and SDK access‏ We have decided that all of our Kick Starter backers will get a 2-year warranty with their Soap device. The warranty will cover any manufacturer defects and will include all parts and labor. Unfortunately we can't cover drops or any sort of water damage :( With this we want to make sure that you are getting the best quality device possible and don't want to leave you hanging if something goes wrong. We just want to send out a message about another project we think you should check out. We are planning to build native support into Soap for PebbleBee. The PebbleBee has some great features! Communicates with Bluetooth 4.0 Low Energy enabling a range of up to 150ft. Has the ability to operate in private mode for your privacy, to preserve battery life,and increase wireless performance. Is 5 mm thick and 40 mm diameter. Battery lasts up to 3 years – and can be replaced. Utilizes a 3-Axis gyroscope, 3-Axis Accelerometer and 3-Axis Compass. Includes a temperature sensor. Comes with a free API for developers to utilize all the PebbleBee functions and Sensor data for whatever you want! Check out their KickStarter @ <url>