Hello all, We got news last night that our iPhone 5/5s Spike cases had completed manufacturing in China and were being packed on to a pallet (pictured below) for freight shipment to Malaysia where the final assembly and pack-out occurs. These cases will undergo an incoming quality control inspection from our team in Malaysia, then keyboards will be assembled and installed, and then will go through outgoing QC and testing before being put on another pallet and shipped air freight to us in the US for final processing. So while this is a huge step forward for us, there are still a few milestones between now and when we can provide you with solid ETAs. The wheels are turning however, and we want you to know that there are teams of people in three different countries working together to make Spike happen. The QC, assembly, testing, and pack-out should be about a 2-3 week lead time set of processes, and it takes about a week to move a pallet from one place to another via air freight (although expediting is possible, it’s prohibitively expensive to ship close to a ton overnight). So while we still have several weeks ahead of us before we get that pallet back to us in Seattle, we are already moving leaps and bounds faster through this process than with our iPhone 4/4s Spikes. This shipment will be more than enough to cover all our iPhone 5/5s related Kickstarter rewards. We’re also working to incorporate iPhone 5/5s parts into our iPhone 4/4s Spikes to facilitate a more timely production of those units. As stated, you can request a change to the iPhone 5/5s versions of Spike, or an address update if you’ve moved, by sending us a message on Kickstarter – and if you have already done so, we have received it and will confirm with you before we process your reward for shipment. It’s been a long road up to here, both for you as our backers and for us, but we want you to know things are finally beginning to accelerate up to speed. We’ll get back to you shortly with a more solid ETA for your Spike delivery. Best regards, The Spike Team Greetings Backers! As discussed in our last update, we just returned from a long trip overseas. The purpose of the trip was to manage and supervise the beginning of full scale manufacturing for iPhone 5/5s versions of Spike. We visited five different factories between Penang and Shenzhen to get everything in line for the production start up, which has currently begun. Manufacturing of all the components that go together to create Spike is now underway, and assembly of the final product will begin in about 3 weeks. Our first run is for about 3,000 units, and unlike for our previous generation iPhone 4/4s Spikes, these will all be complete at the same time rather than trickling in. We’re working on retrofitting and adapting new-generation parts to the iPhone 4/4s versions to continue to try and smooth out that process, which as you probably know has proven more difficult than we ever anticipated. While in China we worked closely with the producers of our tactile switches and were able to tailor these switches specifically to Spike’s intended feel and user experience. After 5 different revisions we succeeded in reducing the actuation force requirement down to 50% of what it has been, while maintaining an extremely tactile, snappy feel. Being there in person was really beneficial to expediting this process and we couldn’t be happier with the results. The new switches will allow you to type very fast without sacrificing accuracy. Take a look at the following pictures from our trip: After all of the pictures and narrative (although brief), we know the bottom line for all of you is when are you going to get them! Although, we don’t have a firm date yet, here is what we do know – we are in line for production at the injection molding facility in China and we expect that they will be molding our first run during the week of the 12th. The keyboards should be in production the week of the 19th. We expect that by the end of the month everything will be complete or almost complete. We are only hesitating on an exact completion date because we have made too may predictions that haven’t gone our way and this is the first run with a new product. However, we will either be ready to ship by our next update (1st week of June) or we will have a realistic ETA. Meanwhile, we are continuing to ship the iPhone 4/4s units. If you would like to switch your order from an iPhone 4/4s version to the iPhone 5/5s version, please send us a message on Kickstarter and we'll confirm with you before shipping your reward. Thanks for reading! The Spike team @ SoloMatrix Hello all, We’re continuing to ship iPhone 4/s models at a slower pace than we would like, however, we have shipped approximately 66% of iPhone 4/4s Kickstarter rewards, virtually all in Pitch Black. As we have mentioned before, our manufacturer had a problem when they tinted the plastic with the red or white color. We do expect red and white within the next week or two. We recognize that due the long delay in getting the iPhone 4/4s Spike into production that many of you took advantage of our offer to switch to the iPhone 5/5s Spike. As you may know from the photos we have posted in the past, this is an entirely new product, and both the case and the keyboard and have required completely new injection molding tooling. Fortunately, we learned from our mistakes: we greatly improved the overall design from an engineering and manufacturing perspective and moved the case molding and assembly to a high quality company in Shenzhen, China. The result is that preparations for full production are almost complete. Tooling has been completed and raw materials for production and assembly are being acquired and consolidated at our factories in both Shenzhen and Penang. We are flying overseas the 14th of April to help ensure a smooth start for the iPhone 5/5s Spike production. As production will be ramping up exponentially that week we will be poised to tackle any hiccups in the production line as they happen. To date we’ve had very positive experiences with our new manufacturer in Shenzhen (just outside of Hong Kong) during the development and prototype phase and are anxious to witness the actual production. Any backers at the iPhone 4/4s levels who wish to switch to the iPhone 5/5s models are more than welcome to do so – just send us a message on Kickstarter and we’ll sort it out before shipping your Spike. We’ll send out an email before prepping your shipment to confirm and give an opportunity for any last minute changes. Next update we'll post photos of the iPhone 5/5s Spike manufacturing and assembly processes from our time with the three factories that produce the various components of our keyboards and cases. Best, The Spike Team Hello all, Happy 2014! We had quite a start to the year with a surprise trip to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. We hadn’t planned to exhibit at the show, but our new manufacturer invited us into their booth where we were able to demo Spike to the public. We received 100 sets of pre-production iPhone 5/s Spikes the day before the show so we spent the first week showing them off and these last couple weeks with loupes and calipers going over measurements. We’re sending in an updated drawing package overseas today that should cover all the final tooling improvements. CES was a good way to do some on the fly beta testing of our hot off the presses iPhone 5 models. Based on feedback, we’re tightening up some of the dimensions around the hinge and significantly reducing the key actuation force to facilitate faster typing. Chinese New Year is coming up soon (1/25 - 2/8) so we’ve been pedal to the metal to get any necessary tooling mods started before the lengthy shutdown of both China and Malaysia. iPhone 4/4s models are currently undergoing tooling &amp; material modifications to combat issues that continue to impede production, including the micro-cracking around the hinge (particularly on the White &amp; Red models due to differences in material characteristics) where we’ve seen breakage occur. We've had to do a lot of incoming quality control on this end to ensure the cracked units we've received get filtered out and returned to Malaysia. They're not visible to the naked eye, so we're currently checking every Spike that comes through our door with a microscope. We just recieved word yesterday that the modifications are complete in Malaysia and they have passed at a rate of 100% off the line (they've also moved to using microscopes to QC check at the factory). By the end of next week they're sending us a shipment of 200 units in Pitch Black – Red &amp; White are going to undergo a bit more testing to make sure the pigments used in the plastic aren't causing any more issues. As a result, black Spikes will be fulfilled quicker than the other colors – if you would like to switch over to a black unit it's likely you will get your Spike before the white &amp; red units. Please send us a message if you would like to change your color to black in the interest of time. Overall, we continue to be impressed with the quality of our iPhone 5/5s models and plan to have those in production a couple weeks after CNY ends, and fulfilling rewards shortly thereafter. Any backers at the iPhone 4/4s levels who wish to switch to the iPhone 5/5s models are more than welcome to do so – just send us a message on Kickstarter and we’ll sort it out before shipping your Spike. We’ll send out an email before prepping your shipment to confirm and give an opportunity for any last minute changes. Attached are a few pics for your viewing pleasure! Greetings Backers! iPhone 4/4s News Another shipment of all different colors of Spike for the iPhone 4/4s have reached us today, and we’ll do our incoming quality control check before processing and fulfilling more rewards next week. Meanwhile in Malaysia we’re in the transition of changing our current plastic to a more robust and forgiving plastic to nip the current issues with small cracks in the bud. We have developed various solutions in the assembly process that also fix these problems but they require much more time due to added processes and so we can’t yet bring our production rate up to where it ought to be. However, with a more durable plastic blend we think we can return to pumping Spikes out full force before long. In the mean time, we’ll be shipping more units as we receive them, but not before making sure they are all structurally sound. iPhone 5/5s News We received our first samples of our new iPhone 5/5s Spike cases and here are our first thoughts: they are awesome! We’re more than impressed with the quality of these parts and with the engineering abilities of our new manufacturer. We’ve been inspecting every detail of every part down to the 1/1000th of an inch and have found very few dimensions out of tolerance. Work has already begin on the tools to correct the ones that are before the final polishing and texturing is applied. We received several combinations of different polycarbonate and TPU (thermoplastic polyurethane) materials and think we’ve selected a perfect fusion of an extremely tough hard outer shell with an ultra-cushioning soft inner liner that will protect your iPhone from whatever you throw at it – or whatever you throw it at! In addition, the keyboard effortlessly snaps on and off the molded in hinge axle pin not only protecting it from breakage but also allowing for easy ‘hardware updates’ and multilingual support in the near future. By the end of the month we’ll be receiving 100 sets of Spike in four different colors, Ice White, Pitch Black, InfraRed, and another that we’ll be keeping under wraps for now. We’ve attached a couple pictures below of the new Spikes: Some technical specifications of the new Spike: Weight: 1.7 oz (48 g) Height: 5.04" (128 mm) Width: 2.52" (64 mm) Thickness: 0.47" (12 mm) @ top; 0.57" (14.5 mm) @ keyboard We'll have more news later this month regarding both iPhone 4/4s and 5/5s models of Spike, so stay tuned! Best regards and Happy Holidays, The Spike Team Hello all, Firstly, we would like to wish all of our American backers a Happy Thanksgiving! We just received the first photos of completed sample iPhone 5/5s Spike case parts from overseas and thought we would share them with you. Sometime next week a FedEx package with sample parts will be headed our way for inspection. Note: The colors of the cases below are not colors for final production - the plastic materials used are just for testing and pre-production purposes. These are essentially complete cases - no further manufacturing processes are required (for example, no sonic welding problems that plagued us with our previous design). What happens next with the iPhone 5/s case manufacturing: Sample approval (dimensions, fit checks) Final material selection (stress tests) Adjusting injection pressure and temperature to ensure there are no aesthetic issues (e.g. flashing and sink marks) Mold texturing (surface finish of the plastic) Before January we will receive our Pitch Black, Ice White, and InfraRed color samples as well as a fourth color which we will be introducing soon. Upon approval we will be poised to enter full mass production in January. When we receive our first samples in the mail we'll take some more pictures and send them your way! Best, The Spike Team Hello all, The beginning of good news for all of you that have waited so long! Production of Spike for the iPhone 4/4s is finally getting off the ground and we are now (1st week in July) starting to ship units. The case color for all of these very first production units we are shipping is Pitch Black, however, they will be followed shortly by units in the colors of InfraRed and Ice White. Below are photos of both the InfraRed and Ice White keyboards for your reference: In the interest of time and expediency, the units are coming to you “plain wrapped” in standard mailing boxes, but included is a convenient instruction card with installation and usage information as well as tips &amp; tricks and troubleshooting information. After production is in full-swing it is our intent to have available on our site an area of Usage Tips that is updated by both ourselves and by other users of Spike. iPhone 5 We received our first 3D printed prototypes of the new case last week for design confirmation. While the models check out and look good, the material used in place of the TPU liner is a cast urethane that is a bit soft and sticky. It is a good representation in terms of visualizing the final design, checking dimensions, etc., but the limitations of the 3D printed material make case installation and removal a bit tricky. Our keyboard supplier/manufacturer is currently producing functional samples of the new keyboard, which was significantly slimmed down. We will be building full working models in the near term. We expect to start production tooling by the end of this month (July). Production could be begin within 45 days from tooling start, but for all the obvious reasons, we are not yet prepared to cast that date in concrete. Here's a pic of the case, we'll post more as soon as we get a completed case/keyboard combination: Spike 3 We are confident that all of you backers that paid a premium price for what we believe will be an extremely cool product would appreciate knowing that we are attacking the final design and production issues. During the interim, you will receive either a Spike for the iPhone 4 or 5 (when shipping) depending on your order. Because of the much longer than anticipated production delays, we know that many of you are switching to a newer version of the iPhone. Please let us know so we can modify your order accordingly. For the Record To all of you, we certainly know the disappointment and frustration many of you have felt as a result of the really long delays in getting Spike off of the ground. We as the principles have been severely chastised and criticized. In part, we deserved it - we missed our original estimates by a long shot. Things were significantly more difficult and took much longer, but we have tried to keep our head down and get you the product that you originally backed with excitement and enthusiasm. We still have a long ways to go to satisfy all of you, but for what it is worth our goal is to just that. As you can figure out, these delays are costly for everyone including ourselves, not only financially, but also, in the intangibles such as goodwill and even pride. We struggled, found the money, and invested far more than the Kickstarter funds to finish development and get to where we are today. It is our goal to meet all of our commitments first, and then find a way to make up to all of you as our early supporters with something tangible that demonstrates how our team appreciates you as our backers. Stay tuned... Best regards, The SoloMatrix Team Hello all, We're currently writing from Penang, Malaysia where the several factories that produce Spike are located. It has so far been a very busy, productive, and extremely informative trip. Production of Spikes for the iPhone 4/4s is fully underway. Below are some pictures of Spike on the various assembly lines. We'll be arriving this coming Friday hand carrying the first 'for retail' units that will immediately be shipped to backers upon arrival. We'll be able to carry between 50-100 units on the plane (depending on customs restrictions), while the remainder will be shipped via air mail to continue processing and fulfilling rewards. Black models will ship first, followed by white and red. Our plastic injection molding factory: If you've heard us talk about tools or tooling, these are what we are referring to. Each of these is one tool, that liquid plastic is injected into: This is a sonic welding machine that is currently producing Ice White Spikes. Two plastic halves are set together on a fixture, or jig, and ultrasonic vibrations rub and actually melt the plastic pieces together: Spike bottom case half fresh off the sonic welding machine: Here are Spike parts headed down the line for inspection: Here's a picture of finished keyboards being put on the first set of Spikes: We have had a few assembly hiccups, most notably with our metal snap domes activating our PCB switches, but we've found the root cause, which was the tin plating on the copper traces causing shorts circuits. Here's a picture from a 12X computer microscope: As you can see, there are little metal bridges between the traces. This causes shorting and erratic functionality (dead keys, miss-hits, etc). It was difficult to diagnose because we haven't experienced a similar problem with our PCBs made in the States, but it all became clear once we put them under a microscope. We've changed the plating material on the copper from mechanically brushed tin to chemical plated nickel, and will not be experiencing this problem moving forward into mass production. While we've been here, we've also gone over the second stage of DFM (design for manufacturing) of the iPhone 5 Spikes, and it is going very well. We discussed a few potential problems and have already submitted another revision for review. All in all these versions will be much easier to manufacture because of the far more simplified design. We should have some prototypes very soon that we will use to confirm the design before committing it to the tooling manufacturing process. Here's a 3D printing machine that will be producing our prototypes. It shines a laser into a bath of resin to form solid parts, as shown below: We'll post pics of the i5 prototypes as soon as we get them. We will be processing rewards in the order pledges received, so keep a look out for your Spike in the mail over the next few weeks! Best regards, The SoloMatrix Team Hello all, Our golden units came over the course of the last two weeks. The first package we got were actually the "golden parts" (i.e. unassembled parts for inspection), which were great, but didn't tell us the whole story. Monday of this week we got them fully assembled. After spending the week scrutinizing the golden units we've decided to move forward with production of the cases, which is scheduled to begin this coming Tuesday. Once it begins we'll have a better idea of when it will end but the whole process should take about 3-5 weeks – they'll start out a bit slower before moving up to full swing to ensure a smooth production process. When the process kicks off next week we'll receive a timeline and breakdown of expected dates to receive units. We do know that they will be producing black units first before white and red because of the limited quantities of the latter colors. If the lag will be more than a couple days, we'll let everyone know the exact details and provide an option to change colors. Stay tuned! -The SoloMatrix Team Greetings all, Spike for the iPhone 4/4S: Early this morning a shipment destined for Redmond, WA left Malaysia containing our latest set of Spikes – the 'Golden Units'. This refers to what is intended to be the final revision, identical in every way to retail-quality production Spikes. When we receive them on the 15th we will review every detail before confirming that we can go into full-swing production and start pumping out Spikes to fulfill our backers' rewards. Stay tuned for an update next week regarding the Golden Spikes. Yesterday evening we concluded initial design of Spike for the iPhone 5. The next step we will be taking is submitting our design to our current manufacturer so that they can begin DFM (design for manufacturing) where every part is evaluated for manufacturability and guidelines for the tool making are drawn (draft angles, injector locations, gating locations, eliminating sinks &amp; weld lines). Here is our latest design! Spike for the iPhone 5: The new design features an ABS shell (hard plastic, shown in black) and a co-molded TPU liner (soft, rubbery plastic, shown in charcoal) for maximum protection in a minimal package. The contrast in the two materials also makes for a great aesthetic. With the phone removed and the TPU highlighted green for visibility: This next view illustrates our new hinge design that sits flush with the rest of the case at only 2.5 mm: The iPhone 5 went on a diet and so did Spike. We've reduced thicknesses in every dimension, even taking 2mm out of the keyboard. Here's a profile of Spike in InfraRed: We left plenty of room for accessories ports on the bottom: A back view of the Ice White trim. Though these renderings don't show it, we plan to bring the TPU liner out on the backside chamfers to add a little contrast as well as provide a flexible hinged edge to facilitate getting the phone in and out of the case. While we have not entirely ruled out a two-piece split case, our intentions are to keep the case contained in one piece. And here's another new feature to the iPhone 5 versions, a removable keyboard. This view of shows the keyboard stowed in the back pocket with the hinge block removed (it's shown in the first three pictures of this update) so that the co-molded steel pin is visible. The hinge block, which is attached to the keyboard, will be able to snap on and off the pin. This feature will allow us to produce different keyboard layouts and legends easily, giving Spike's multilingual users the ability to swap between different languages. Many of these new features are win-wins for us; they not only add form or function, but also simplify manufacturing by removing parts and eliminating troublesome assembly processes – goodbye sonic welding! We're anxious to know what you think of the next Spike and welcome your input on the it's new form. If you would like to switch your current iPhone 4/4s reward to and iPhone 5 reward, send us a private message on Kickstarter and we'll update our records. Stay tuned next week for an update about our Golden Spikes! Best regards, Cody + Robert Solomon &amp; the SoloMatrix Team Greetings Backers! Re: Spikes for iPhone 4/4S We're still waiting on final inspection units from Malaysia, which we had hoped to get before March but our sonic welding woes have proven more stubborn than expected. Last week our manufacturer built a new jig to hold our case halves together during welding, and the last few days they have been tuning the new tools. Our on-site contact, Mr. Lim, knows a lot about the process and he is very active at our factory, putting the pressure on to get it right. The good news is he reported that the alignment problems were solved by the new fixture, now it's just a matter of doing a thorough enough weld to stand up to drop tests (the process is somewhat analogous to spot welding, so it can result structurally weak areas if there aren't enough spots). Our factory wants the next week to fine tune the assembly before sending us our review units, because they want to get everything right this time around. Pending our approval, we'll be able to move into our Kickstarter production shortly thereafter. We'll send an update as soon as we receive this next set. Re: Spikes for iPhone 5 We've spent a lot of time in design review for the iPhone 5 models these last couple weeks and it's coming along nicely. We're looking to release drawings to our manufacturer by the end of March to stick with the schedule provided in the last update. One of the major new features we're looking to incorporate in the Spike 2 and 3, and possible Spike 1 as well, is a removable keyboard unit. This would benefit us in assembly and repair, as well as giving the user the ability to swap out different languages. We're also looking to give our case a TPU liner for added protection against drops. We've followed the iPhone 5 design language and reduced our thicknesses across the board, including eliminating the bumped-out hinge. In a couple weeks we'll have some preliminary drawings of the new features and design that we'll be able to share with you. If you'd like to change your order, please so do by sending us a direct private message on Kickstarter so that we can ensure everyone's request is fulfilled. Have a great weekend, The SoloMatrix Team Hello all! The Spike team has had a busy schedule these last few weeks, and we come bearing news from Las Vegas all the way to Malaysia. We'll break it down into 3 sections: CES, iPhone 5, and iPhone 4/4S. CES Update As was said in the update earlier this month, Spike made an appearance at the Consumer Electronics Show a couple weeks ago in Sin City. While we did not exhibit at the show itself, we did have a booth at the acclaimed ShowStoppers press event. We’re please to say it couldn’t have gone better. In addition to getting to show our product on live TV and radio, we also were able to demo our pre-production units that we received from the factory earlier in the month to journalists and developers alike. The vast majority of people loved the product, and the popularity of our booth, which was packed from doors open until doors close, was testament to the huge amount of interest in Spike from people of all mobile phone backgrounds. In addition to press coverage, we were also there to meet with several interested distributors, retailers, and investors in order to help us advance our product and company out into the worldwide market. Our meetings went great and we are working to solidify deals and purchase orders from several major retail outfits in the next month as we start going into full swing production. We were also able to meet with a ton of interesting people (including a lot of fellow Kickstaters and past/present Project Creators) for everything from product feedback, advice, and to discuss future partnerships for integrating other technologies, such as battery packs, into our future products. iPhone 5 Dev News Speaking of future products, let’s talk not-so-distant future: Spike for the iPhone 5. Also debuted at CES were our first iPhone 5 prototypes. Using hindsight to our advantage, we’ve redesigned Spike from the ground up for the next generation of iPhone. Following the new form factor, Spike grew to accommodate that essential 5th row of apps but also shrunk in every other dimension. The case has slimmed down significantly and from a manufacturers perspective, is a much simpler design (e.g. our 6-pc. case on Spike 2 became a 2-pc case, top and bottom). One of the biggest problems that Spikes have encountered at the factory this month is the sonic welding of the case parts, so we’ve eliminated that threat entirely on the future versions to avoid another headache. The keyboard assembly is also getting a makeover, as it will be shrunk in every dimension (except of course key size, which will remain the same). For our prototypes we were able to actually design the case to be able to retrofit our existing keyboards (which is what we demoed at CES) in order to show a proof-of-concept, but that won’t be the case moving forward. We’re also attempting to light the keyboard using the screen, but it is actually quite an engineering challenge so that’s looking like 50/50 right now. iPhone 4/4S Status And finally to Spikes for the iPhone 4/4S, which is the main focus of this month. As you all know, we received our first 10 units earlier this month from the factory. Since the last update we’ve received 2 more sets for a total of 30 units. Of those, only one fit to specification. That may sound like bad news, but in fact it’s good – it means that under the right conditions we have a working unit. Our work has been spent, calipers in hand, inspecting every detail from injection gates to cooling sinks and making minor adjustments the tooling to fix any production issues. The biggest problem we had, as mentioned above, is the sonic welding. Sonic welding is a process that, to sum it up, uses high-frequency vibrations (i.e. sound) to rub two pieces of plastic together until the friction causes the plastic to melt and fuse together. It’s how we turn 3 pieces of plastic parts into one top half of Spike, for instance. In our case, and you only find this out once you go and try it, our ‘beading’ (little interlocking ridges that get fused together) weren’t big enough and the parts weren’t staying fused together or they overcompensated on the welding process and the parts warped inwards causing the case to fit way to tight (see pic below). The good news is it’s a tool-safe fix so none of the molding needs to be redone. It’s only unfortunate that the three sets we’ve received so far are mostly rendered unusable. We’re being airmailed the next set on the 4th of February, and our factory ensures us that they have fixed the problem. What does this mean if you’re waiting for your Spike for the iPhone 4/s to arrive? If, and this is an optimistic if, those units that we receive in the beginning of February do work as expected (i.e. we get ‘golden units’) then as soon as our factory is back from Chinese New Year (they’re in Malaysia but it’s celebrated by a large part of the population) we can give them the green light to begin full swing production ( ~ 200 units a day at first). They would then be airmailed overseas to us for fulfillment of your rewards. To sum it up, the earliest we’re going to see ‘retail-quality’ Spikes is the last week of February, so in that case, depending on shipping times from Seattle to you, you could see your Spike arrive at your door before March, or right at the turn of the month. If more adjustments have to be made to the tooling, it kicks us back 2 -3weeks because we wouldn’t be able to make those adjustment until after CNY, and we have to get another set of articles for approval. We’re hoping, as I’m sure most of you, that this next set will be the ones. We’re sitting inches from a big red button but can’t press launch – it’s torture! We are an optimistic bunch though; even with all the setbacks we’ve had along the way. Our manufacturer has also been an excellent resource; they’ve noticed and fixed problems that we (or anyone else) never would have noticed. The sooner we can give them the green light, the better for every party involved, and they are well aware. As always, before we can go ahead with Spike 3, we need to give the green light for Spike 2 – so those are still set to lag 3-4 weeks behind that date. So as soon as we receive those next units we’ll send out another update, and hopefully it’ll be as easy to type as it is to read! Until then, Robert + Cody + the SoloMatrix Team Hello and Happy New Year to all our backers! Today we opened a box containing our first-run production Spikes that were air-mailed from Malaysia last Friday. We received the first 10 units today and will be looking forward to another 20 by the weekend, just in time to get them down to Las Vegas for CES. Calipers in hand, we will be scrutinizing every detail of these first units to make sure every tolerance, radius, and dimension is made to spec. A picture says 1,000 words so here are some of the very first photos for your viewing pleasure: Unboxing More unboxing Extra sets of keys All the parts Keyboard close-up with final printed legends Side view with keyboard stowed Angled back view All three! Quick access, typing, and full screen modes If you want some more shots, we'll be happy to take any, just let us know in the the comments. Now we only have black keys (and phones for that matter) at the moment, and these units are painted (not molded from colored plastic as they will be when you get yours), but you get the picture! We will be bringing these Spikes, and more, to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas next week. If any of our backers are attending this show, we would be ecstatic to show you these in person! Our booth is at the Tuesday night ShowStoppers media event (must be an attendee or have press credentials) but we will be in Vegas on Monday night and Wednesday as well. If you will be there and can't get into ShowStoppers, send me a message and we will plan on a time and place for meeting up. What this news means to you We're getting really close to full iPhone 4/4s production We've identified several issues with these units already that require a couple modifications to the tooling and manufacturing processes We estimate that we will be able to give the green light for full production within 3 weeks, if not sooner Spike 3 production for the iPhone 4/4s will begin subsequently after we give the green light Spike for the iPhone 5 design is well underway; we've learned an enormous amount from these current models and that's made the design process exponentially easier and faster – we already have a couple great-looking working prototypes that will make an appearance next week at CES. We'll do an iPhone 5-centric update later this month that will give you a comprehensive view into that process, including design renderings and photos of the prototypes As mentioned before, if you would like to switch around your order to or from the iPhone 5 model of your Spike, just send a quick message and we'll make the changes. This was a great way for us to ring in the new year, and we wish all of you a wonderful 2013! Best, Cody + Robert &amp; the SoloMatrix Team Hello Kickstarters! It’s been several weeks since our last update and much has happened in the world of Spike. Firstly, the iPhone 4 and 4S models are finally in the production stage – injection-molding tooling is being cut from steel in Malaysia and in just a couple weeks we’ll start receiving first-run parts hot off the presses. Keep in mind that on a Spike 2 alone there are close to 80 individual parts that each need their own tooling (okay so 34 of them are keys but that’s still a ton of parts!). It’s quite an operation but thankfully our industrial designer has a lot of experience in the DFM (design for manufacturing) department so that means that even though there are so many parts the assembly is straightforward. Running parallel to the tooling, we are also designing and building the test fixtures for the factory for quality control right on the line. We’re dealing with tolerances that watchmakers are much more familiar with than keyboard designers so we’ve had to come up with some creative pass/fail tests to ensure only the highest quality parts made exactly to specifications will make it into your Spike. Once the tooling is cut we’ll receive the first 100 units for testing before giving the green light for full-scale production, which is a high-speed process that can produce several thousand units over the course of a couple shifts at the factory. We’re all super excited to get those beta units for testing as the quality of materials and assembly will be far better than even the best 3D printed SLA prototypes that we’re so familiar with at this point. We’ll be bringing several of these first run production units with us to the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas at the beginning of January (for those of you who will be attending CES, our booth will be in the Showstoppers section on Monday night). There will be some great press and also a huge opportunity to meet with distributors and retailers to get Spike on store shelves ASAP. Unfortunately, this also means we won’t have units to ship for the holidays – but in the world of technology and consumer electronics, CES is the biggest holiday of the year. In addition to our production quality iPhone 4 Spikes we will also have the first iPhone 5 prototype of Spike with us at CES. We’ve gained an incredible amount of knowledge through the iPhone 4 design process and are carrying that with us throughout the iPhone 5 development and production. We have identified improvements in the design and in simplifying and accelerating the tooling and production processes. Our designer is busy putting our ideas on paper and we’re excited to include some added functionality for these future versions. Some of the ideas we’re playing with for the iPhone 5 (and later!) models are backlit keys, composite material cases (hybrid hard ABS / soft TPU), battery modules, and belt clips, to name a few. We’d love to hear any features you’d like to see in a future version of Spike, so feel free to leave suggestions in the comments. All the best, Robert, Cody, + the SoloMatrix Team P.S. Last month we showed you renderings of design changes that we wanted to implement in Spike 2; today I’ll leave you with real-life photos of those changes in our final pre-production prototype: P.P.S. If you would like to switch from an iPhone 4 model to an iPhone 5 model of Spike, please send us a direct message through Kickstarter and we’ll make the changes. Hello all! As mentioned in our previous update, some of us were going to Malaysia to meet with our manufacturer and kickoff the production tooling. Robert Solomon and Steve Korn from our engineering team spent a week with our key supplier CPI and went over every detail of both tooling design and production startup. It was a great trip and we gained a really solid relationship with our partners on the other side of the Pacific. We were also extremely impressed at the quality of CPI's facilities (see picture below) ! They've agreed to rush the tooling for our injection molding to a 30-day turnover time from when we release the drawings to full production. There are over 15 parts for Spike 2 alone that need injection molding tools made for them and we've already begun sending drawings to CPI. Photos taken from our manufacturer's facilities in Penang, Malaysia We have also, in this last week, been in discussions with retail outlets in the US regarding distribution once we have landed product. A couple of very knowledgable individuals in the industry tried out our pre-production prototypes and provided us with some great feedback about optimizing the user experience of Spike. As a result of these feedbacks we've made the difficult decision of having to delay the manufacturing process a bit further by a few weeks to make some changes to our design that we know will improve the experience of the end-user, you! We know no one out there likes delays, most of all us. Balancing between our commitment to time and our commitment to quality is a difficult challenge, and both come with their own set of implications. The bottom line is that we all agree that the improvements we've made in the last couple weeks outweigh the negative impacts of production delays and we're confident that they will ultimately increase your satisfaction with our product. The end of a long days work – every last detail is important! Our designer has been burning the midnight oil to get our modifications into the 3D files and the 'Design For Manufacturing' (DFM) drawings that show how to produce the parts using injection molding, and it should all be wrapped up by the end of next week at which point we can all breathe a sigh of relief. So, what does that mean for you? As production is only as fast as the slowest part it means assembly of Spike won't take place until next month, November. We're estimating that we will have orders of the iPhone 4 versions beginning to be fulfilled by the end of November. As we said in our last update, we're also allowing anyone who upgraded to an iPhone 5 to change their Spike to the iPhone 5 version, due out in January. Send us a quick message if you would like to do so. Our next update will highlight some of the important changes we've made – until then we'll leave you with a picture of Carmen, our CPO (Chief Puppy Officer), hard at work! Thanks for reading, Cody &amp; Robert + the SoloMatrix Team <email> spike.solomatrixinc.com Hello all, We just flew to Malaysia to go tour the factories that are producing Spike but wanted to give you a quick update on our pre-order website which was just recently completed. We've opened up pre-orders to the public outside of Kickstarter at <url>– thanks Adam!! Today is our first day in Malaysia so we're all pretty excited – expect some production updates soon! Best, The SoloMatrix Team P.S. It has come to our attention that someone out there has already created a fraudulent website claiming to sell Spike located at <url>– this is not legitimate and we are looking into ways to get it shut down. If you think you can help, send us an email at info(at)solomatrixinc.com – thanks!! Hello to all our backers! Since out last update we have been busy at work finalizing the specifications for our production tooling for Spike 1 and Spike 2 . We’ve received our final round of pre-production prototypes and liked them so much we have officially given them our seal of approval and sent the final CAD files and specifications to our manufacturer ( Spike 2 CAD rendering shown below): It's pretty amazing how that can turn into this: We’re flying to Penang, Malaysia on the 16th of this month to meet with our manufacturer and check on the tooling and production process. Generally speaking, tooling takes 2-3 months for a product like ours depending on the complexity of the design. Our manufacturer has quoted turnover times of 30-45 days, however tooling is as much an art as it is a science, so we can’t yet say that number is set in stone. Spike 3 shares a similar design with Spike 2 , but because the case is aluminum the manufacturing process is vastly different – we’ve sent out bids and received quotes from fabrication shops in Idaho, Washington, Oregon, and California and hope to finalize a contract in the next week or two. Because no actual tooling is required for the aluminum case, Spike 3’s timeline is more flexible and gives us more room to firm up our relationship with CNC shops here in the US. Regarding shipping costs for those living outside the US who did not include it in their original pledge: we’ve received about 98% of the survey responses and so we will begin sending invoices via PayPal to the email you provided Kickstarter. We’ve also been working on an e-commerce website that will allow us to continue accepting pre-orders. We’ve hit some roadblocks along the way but have overcome just about all of them by building the system from the ground up and are in the bug testing phase right now – it should be up and running within a few days from this update. We’ll post the link and send an announcement as soon as it’s live. Thanks for tuning in to our update, keep a lookout in the coming two weeks for news about our website and trip around the world – we’ll be sure to send pics! Best regards, Robert &amp; Cody Solomon + the SoloMatrix team P.S. Don't forget to tune in to Apple's announcement for the iPhone 5 tomorrow – we're beginning the new design as soon as we get our hands on the specs! Hello to all our backers, First of all, thank you all for making this campaign a great success – we couldn't have done it without your help!! Here's a taste of what's to come: In the next week we will be sending out our backer surveys that will give you the opportunity to input your shipping address and color choices, as well as a couple other details We've been working on building a website that will allow us to offer Spike pre-orders to continue building our customer base by taking orders – we will be selling Spikes at their suggested retail prices but as a Kickstarter backer you'll get a special discount code that you can share with your family and friends We've confirmed the third color for Spike 1 &amp; 2, and you've all seen it: it's the red that you can see in the main photo of our Kickstarter page. We're calling it InfraRed and it will be an option in the survey that will show up in your inbox this week We're receiving our final pre-production prototypes for Spike 2 later this month so we can give them our approval before giving the green light to begin the tooling. A lot of time has been spent on the refining process and so we're really excited to see them in action! We'll post pics as soon as we get them Stay tuned for more to come, and keep a lookout in your inbox for your survey! Thanks all, Cody and Robert PS. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for the most up-to-date coverage of Spike! Hello everyone, We had a great last 7 days for the project, we reached 100% of our goal AND crossed the 1,000 backer line! But we still have more than two weeks to go, and we still need your help in spreading the word about Spike. Share our project link ( <url>¹. Below are some pics of what we have ahead of us: Spike² parts should be close behind so we'll let you know the progress in the coming weeks. Here's a couple more shots of Spike¹ in various poses, including "watch-a-movie mode" (the keyboard functions as an ad hoc stand – a useful trait that shouldn't be ignored!) And one of the back of Spike¹ while in full-screen mode: Here are some future Spike³s waiting to be CNC machined: We've also revised the keyboard legends with a new font: Tell us what you think! So far we've had a great reception of our project here and we want to keep the momentum going for the next 30 days! Help us out by spreading the words to your friends and family on Facebook and Twitter, here's the shortlink to our Kickstarter page for sharing: <url>– let's make Spike into a community! Thanks again everybody, we'll keep you posted on future developments soon. If you have any questions, comments, feedback, or suggestions don't hesitate to send us a message! Cody &amp; Robert Solomon First off, we want to give a big thanks to all of our backers! We're really excited to be on Kickstarter, an amazing and creative platform to bring ideas and products such as ours to fruition. While we don’t know the exact date for the introduction of the long-awaited iPhone 5 from Apple, we all know it is around the corner. We also know that lots of existing iPhone users will be standing in line to get their hands on one. From the time we have one in our hands, we estimate that it will take approximately four months to tool and manufacture Spike keyboards for the iPhone 5. In order to make sure our Spike collection will be available to all backers of this project, we have a special offer: as a backer you will be able to purchase an equivalent iPhone 5 version of Spike¹ and Spike² for today’s Kickstarter prices of $25 and $50 respectively, as soon as they become available. Of course, you will be among the first to have one in your hands. If you want to get ahead of the curve, we've also added two Future Proof reward levels at $49 and $99 that will allow you to pre-order both versions (iPhone 4 and 5) of Spike¹ and Spike² . You'll receive the iPhone 4/4s version this September and we estimate we'll be ready with the iPhone 5 versions by January. Thanks for all your support, we are honored to have so many new members on the Spike team – don't forget to share the project with your friends and family across all your social networks, let's work together to beat our goal! Best regards, Cody &amp; Robert Solomon P.S. Find us on Facebook and Twitter !