I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Not sure if it really will help, but: I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I too have not yet received my reward or any communication in over the years, I can only assume that this creator never indented on honouring the agreement. I request a refund under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount as soon as possible. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Completely ridiculous that yet again another company didn't deliver I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I never heard from this project ever. Not a single message. I appreciate a refund now. Thank you. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Can you please send me my refund. It sucks getting screwed on these crowd funding sites when you're just trying to help someone make their dream a reality. Please come clean and refund my money. -Shane Completely forgot I even backed this, I was looking back at my history... Where is my money? I never received my Spixi. After backing three tech projects which have each failed to be anything more than scams, the reality is Kickstarter is skimming their 15% "juice" and there is zero incentive in their business model to change or offer the slightest protection for backers. The only way Kickstarter will EVER be motivated to change is if the pool of suckers dries up and closes their account in LARGE numbers. Leading the way, I am closing mine after posting this comment. 1. Click on ‘Me’ from the top-right corner of the page. Under ‘My Account’ click on ‘Edit Settings’. 2. On this page, select the ‘Account’ tab. 3. On the right hand side of the page, click on ‘Delete my Kickstarter account’. Say bye-bye to your Kickstarter account. Honestly something must be done! I cannot believe they just scammed us like that! Is there any way we can hold them responsible for this and get something out of it??! Someone below mentioned this: <url>"Be respectful and considerate." With this SCAMMERS??? Really hard... Where is the refund??? Never got our refunds. Enjoy our $50,000. Never received the Spixi microusb payed.... Where is the refund you promise ? WHere's my money or product. Grow some balls guys! Send in a reply. Surprise! The numbers are both disconnected. World-class d-bag, hiding out, working on his next scam. Anyone want to give him a call: <url>"Be respectful and considerate." With this SCAMMERS??? Really hard... Where is the refund??? Where is the refund? Refund, please! So is he selling them on his site now, but not providing the product to backers? Where are the refunds? Washington went after a failed kickstarter project. <url>"Thank you Spixi". Because of projects like this (and too many others), my money will now stay with me. I'm choosing to see this as a $32 lesson that will save me lots in the future. Kinda worth it if you think about it. Looks like we've been bamboozled. I sent a message few time already but NO luck with response Paul, I haven't received a refund either. *confused* Do you have an ETA? Please let me know. Thanks! What about the refund thing? No refund here…2 months since he posted. I get that it might take a while, and that he does not really have to refund at all…given that we assume the risk not the creator. I won't be devastated if he fails to refund. I'm wondering the same thing Where is my refund? Escargot - New York, NY · Last login Dec 5, 2013 It's alive! Still no refund, why? Still no refund here either. Emailed <email> a few weeks ago, still no response. I sure hope that I'll get a Spixi eventually... Does anybody get refund ? Thanks When will the refunds be sent? This is a big disappointment. I had faith in this project by backing it. No lighting product. Everyone has been more than patient. I expected my refund by now after the last update. Failures happen, but these people need to do the right thing and refund the money to everyone they could not fulfill their promises to. We put the money up, now it's time to return it to us. No refund or further communication either. Still no refund, Also, I would love to return my 30-pin charger that I ordered (I got the 2-pack) it really is a poorly put together cable, that doesn't let the phone lay flat when connected! Still no refund, too. Still waiting for a refund. I was also an early bird backer. Still did not received 2 Micro USB Spixis!! No response from Escargot at all!! No reply from creator. Since he's not producing any Lightning version, I'm asking him to exchange with micro USB version and willing to pay for shipping but till today, no reply. Come on man, don't let your backers down! Anyone get a refund. I'm waiting on one Micro USB and one iPod Spixi. I'm a bit concerned since it has been north of a year waiting on this thing. Jul 9 is when these started shipping. It might be nice to have an update about these now. Still waiting for my refund. I'm still waiting for mine too. I was an early bird backer and I haven't heard anything. All these comments are not really giving off a good vibe either. These are trash. I feel sorry for the people still waiting on such a horrible product. It sounds and looks like money might be the issue. I wonder if they over ordered the micros and expected to get some extra sales in from those to make a larger PO on the 8-pin but with such a horrible device have been stuck with a lot of stock of a cheap product. Getting frustrated waiting for the charger and backers getting no replies or update from the creator! :( please update us on the shipping for iPhone 5 spixi and reply the comments! I sent Paul a Facebook message. Regret so much that I backed this. Live and learn. It has NOT been a year since was funded. Funding started Sept. 21, 2012. It ENDED on Nov. 1, 2012. There is another 2-3 weeks to GET the money. In the middle of August is when they FINALLY got APPROVAL for the lightning connection. Apple has separated approval for lightning connector from 30-pin approval. They will need to go through the same QA as micro and 30-pin. SO, be patient. I have been a Kickstarter backer for years. I have backed hundreds of projects. This is only the second project that has taken well over a year. The comments below are really bad. I'd rather wait even longer if I was guaranteed the product I get isn't a piece of crap. There are no good reviews. All bad. No replies and very few updates from the designers. As soon as I receive my product, I will post again. I would love for it to be a good comment. Shouldn't we have these for the lightning connectors already? I can get the same thing now from Scosche... <url>"discount code" on the website to even get their reward? Mine hasn't worked for months and I no longer can get in touch with them to figure out whats wrong! Only got 1 Spixi in the mail, where are the other 2 Spixi I backed for? i have received my spixis a couple of days ago. I backed the reseller pack at $150 but have only received 6 units not the 10 units i backed for. I have sent loads of emails to the company and to paul himself but cannot get a reply. Have they gone under????? @Emily - I also find that the cable won't retract fully. when this happens, I just pull the cable out a bit and then just let it go, so that it winds back up with some force. it feels counter-intuitive to do that, but it works. I also have some concerns about sturdiness. the spring does pull with some force - but the housing and winding mechanism feel a little fragile compared to the force of the spring. the micro usb head has a "lip" that sometimes hits the casing when the cable is being retracted, instead of going in all the way - it makes me worried about damaging that connection over time. I have the black glossy version, and it's a fingerprint magnet. I wish that the external shell provided some protection for the micro usb head when retracted (like the hinged usb connector is protected) - even though it's flush to the side, if the Spixi is packed loose with other hard items, I can see it being damaged. on the plus side, it does charge my phone, and it will save me a twist tie or rubber band when I am on the go. I think if you address the sturdiness of the casing and reliability of the winding mechanism, it'll be a huge winner. Wow. Look at all of the negative comments. I've decided not to use either one of the spixis. I just don't see the point in plugging my phone up and charging it on the floor. The cable is ridiculous in length. After using spixi for two days, the cable wouldn't retract fully back into the casing..... Why is the casing sooo big? This is a 2 ft cable that is soo thin. I would imagine the spooling mech. be 1/2 to 1/4 the size This user's account has been deleted. One of my spixi's just exploded whilst in the computer. One second it was charging. While I was on the other side of the room. I heard a noise and saw that bits of the spixi were all over the room. The tension in the spiral spring ripped it apart. Received mine yesterday in the UK. Feels good and works done with my BB. Hope I don't have any problems once I use it with the micro usb to lightning adapter for iPhone 5. Received my two microusb spixi. The retraction of the cable doesn't feel very smooth. Feels like it could break any second. 2 ft seems too short for practical use, wish the cable would be longer. The usb hinge doesn't look like it would last long. Wish the hinge was made from the same material as the body. Overall, the quality is a little disappointing, especially after waited for so long. Got the pixie today. No problems, works. The pull back of the cable could be snappier. All in all good work. Further test give me weird result. Dad's iPhone 4 (5.0.1) work. Mom's iPhone 4s (5.1.1) work. My iPhone 4 (6.1.3) didn't work. I also see the usb head part have different colour compared to the body. The packaging was so cool looking until I see a crack on the box that contain Spixi. :( Use for it a while and seem like the material might torn easily I received both my Spixi 30pin today. Packaging and envelop is in good condition. However when I tried to test both of them by plugging it to my MBA both didn't connect my iphone (or start the charging process). At the moment I'm plugging it to my macmini just to try with other devices and both also didn't do anything. Any suggestions? Received my two Black MicroUSB Spixi today. One of the boxes was broken, but the Spixi inside was intact, so I guess it served its purpose. Since the USB controllers are apparement, will they risk any damage it I put the Spixi directly in my handbag, or shall I better find a small pouch for it? Micro USB and 30 pin arrived today.... Look really good. Thank you! I'm not expecting this thing to last very long. The hinge is not going to withstand all of the turning, pulling and plugging its got to have. I just received my micro-USB unit, but the retraction is having a little bit of difficulty. It comes out very smoothly, but when it goes back in, doesn't always go in fully - I'll sometimes have anywhere from an inch to several inches left because they didn't roll in smoothly. Any suggestions on what I can do to make the entire cord roll in fully? Just received my 30 pin and micro USB units. They look great and the retract action is both smooth and predictable. They've already replaced the non-retractables in my go bag. Great job, guys. Looks great! I am concerned with how well the hinge will hold up. The plastic used is very flexible and lightweight. I just got my MicroUSB today. It looks and works great. Great job, guys! I'm here in D.C. & my Spixi arrived today. Packaging looks great and the Spixi itself looks and feels nice. I only got 1 but I know the other 2 are probably on their way soon. Thanks Escargot for the great job on the charger. Received both micro USB Spixi's today. Thnx. Umm.. Hi again. Just wondering if there is any news on the aluminium bad boys? It was 10 days ago I asked, so maybe you guys have missed it? They look great from the photo's, very professional. It will be interesting to see how well they hold up to use. When should we expect for the Android / iPhone 4 Spixi? :) @Markus on the main project page on the side where the pledges are. Look for the pledge level you picked and it should say your response underneath the pledge info and it will show your info you submitted for shipping. This user's account has been deleted. Hi there - good to know youre moving forward. However, how can I see my current shipping address? Thanks Status of lighting connector Spixi? I'd really like to see more updates on this issue. Hi there, great that they'll be shipping soon. My only concern is that I haven't seen anything about the aluminium ones...? I backed the OUYA and Almost 2 weeks after the last update so where are we now? You did state 1-2 weeks further delay. Pushed back another 1-2 maybe?! 3-4?! @Joe which model did you order? This project is a total disaster. If I ever receive a charger..look for a review at techsmut.com Any update for iphone5 charger? And shipping date? Thank David for the link, I'm glad you post to it it's really a good info to know for this project but other too Interesting: <url>’s MicroUSB to Lightning adapter to it. Will the total end connector stay attached to the side of the unit as pictured ? Any updates? Already mid March. Bought a 3 Metre Knock off Chinese one and it's crap, the USB enclosure is lose, slow to charge, I'm gonna chuck it. I'll Stick with MFI approved. Even two Metres, just so I could charge my phone whilst using it in bed LOL. That's the benefit of retractable long when you need, short when you don't. 3 metres would be good, whatever that us in feet. Paul, a 5 foot cable would be a great idea! Two feet is very short but I'm going to use mine with my zagg sparq so I don't have to keep charging wires that get wrapped in everything all the time. I cannot wait to get my spixis! Thank you for all your hard work! I can't wait to see the final product! And the packaging looks great!!! Do you see making a longer (than 2 ft) version down the line? Any update soon? I pledged and am looking forward to get Spixis. Thank you. @James see updates I believe ship date is Juneish? <url>"Estimated ship date: February 2013". Since it is the 10th, does this remain realistic or is there a more accurate goal? Thank you. This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for the reply Paul, any photos of the final engineering samples. @M Carlin Yes. Could this work for my iPad too? Hey Paul, have you guys been at CES? Any update to final engineering sample yet? I have never commented on a project that I've backed before, but I felt this needed to be addressed. I am a little perturbed that it is now going to be June before we see our product. I understand the set backs, but the Chinese New Year thing seems like a little bit of a joke. Do you really think China just shuts down their economy for 2 months each year? No. China is the number one country for manufacturing and they do not just shut down and put off projects for that amount of time. I have had products made in China and churned out the next month once the final design and tooling was complete. I am still excited, but I feel like you should at least upgrade the backers with 2 or more to one of the limited editions to compensate for the lapse in judgement on choosing a shady supplier. Have you guys started tooling? This user's account has been deleted. So, with the website going live and orders being submitted, is the estimated shipping time still February of 2013? Not trying to rush things, but submiting my order has me excited. :-) Thank you, David and Escargot This is because it was convenient when Spixi can conjugate with an HDD and other devices in USB 3.0. I was busy and did not confirm specs, I'm sorry... When a simple measurement was possible, I thought that it was interesting. Please do not tell me that measure is usable. Just a design. hahaha... <url>"We've done preliminary testing and can confirm that it will charge an iPad. However, as you may know, the iPad power adapter is rated at 10W, while the iPhone power adapter is rated at 5W. Because of the wattage difference we cannot recommend that Spixi is ideal for iPad at this time, without further testing, due to the narrow cross-section of the cable. That is primarily the reason why we are only marketing Spixi for iPhone and other smartphones at this time. We do plan on doing further testing with iPad, and as soon as we have results, we'll provide update for our iPad users." Hope that helps! hi guys, just wondering, because you didn't mention it in your product descriptions. how compatible is your 30-pin connector with the ipad? i understand that there are slight differences in the cabling/wiring used, so it could result in a longer/slower charging time if the wrong cable or charger is used? @Solomon, really? That will be great... as I am a fellow Singaporean... can recommend to my friends or get it as a gift.. I'm considering selling this in shops all over Singapore. =). Great product. Congrats guys. Another idea, instead of a flip open design for USB connector could you use a sort cable the length of three quarter around the edge then wrap around along a 'path' for the cable and the connector along the edge? This way when plugged in it don't weight the USB port it connect to. 30K Congrats guys.... Just pushed the project over the edge. Looking forward to the journey. Hi there. I'm a backer but couldn't chose what tip or color I want. Does that come later / after the 30'000 are reached? @Arnold - I could not agree more. So many issues on Kickstarter could be remedied/prevented with timely communication from the project manager/coordinator. As you saw in my post, when the information was given to me in a timely and thorough manner, I was completely satisfied and happy to wait. You could head off a lot of "What's taking so long?!?" messages by continuing to post regular updates and informing backers about the production progress AFTER funding has completed. Congrats on (almost) meeting your goal, Escargot! I hope this level of communication can be maintained even after the funding ends. As I witnessed in the past projects I've backed, the creator can be caught off guard by the 'tsunami' of things that happen and easily take offer all the time, energy and attention available. I know few of project creators that at the first was dedicating a high level of communication in the end when the manufacturing processes hit them hard was unable to hold the same level of communication, a couple of them even end up delegating the communication jobs to one or more dedicated staff and others just give up and decided to give most of their energy to deal with the manufacturing process. Even shipping process can be very time consuming and become a monumental job by itself. I recommend that you should communicate with other project creators about their experiences facing the unexpected situations and problem that arise in the manufacturing phase and of how to handle it. The average project creator seems to 'disappear' from the perspective of backers as soon as the funding end simply just because they don't have energy to communicate anymore. Good luck guys. Wow, that was an incredibly fast, thorough, and considerate response. I will wait, gladly and patiently. THAT is how you run a Kickstarter. Way to go, Escargot! Okay, I hate to be the squeeky wheel here, but now they suddenly aren't expected to ship until next year?!? I understant wanting to update the device to accomodate the iPhone 5, but I backed this wanting a plain ol' micro USB version, and that connector hasn't changed for years. Don't particularly like that the shipment of a product I could use has been delayed due to someone else's needs. I would ask that you consider not delaying shipment of micro USB Spixi and let the iPhone 5ers wait for theirs. @Ian S R. + 1 A wall USB adapter with an integrated design will be great and maybe by making it detachable to one another so it can be used independently or together. Might be to late in the game, but have you considered designing a wall adapter also? By the looks of it I can see you primarily designed these for use on computers USB, but it looks like it might be too heavy to just use one of apples USB adapters to charge an iPhone on. Just a suggestion, defiantly interested since i already pledged. @Patrick Whilst an interesting idea, I think Escargot are going for soemthing different. "From our research we determined that our case study users needed atleast a 2' cable to connect to their laptop and comfortable talk on their phone. At Escargot, we'd actually like to make a slightly longer cable than 2' (maybe try to squeeze an extra 6") and keep the same outer dimensions." Cheers Dave I have a suggestion, maybe too late in the game... Have you considered a reverse configuration where the USB connector would have the extending cable, and the charging connector on the "brick?" In this way, there would not be a "brick" hanging off the side of my laptop, and, if the lightning connector, in my case, would swivel to the side, instead of out, the "brick" could used almost like a dock, holding your phone upright. Thanks. ( If you like this idea, and make this, and it doesn't appear in the comments that I scanned very, very quickly, I hope I'll get one for free !! ) @Heri, I think Escargot are still trying to identify the maximum length cable they can put into their enclosure. "At Escargot, we'd actually like to make a slightly longer cable than 2' (maybe try to squeeze an extra 6") and keep the same outer dimensions." This was in answer to your question 5 days ago. Cheers Dave Thanks @Escargot for the reply. It is enlightening to know that I can leave the heavy USB charger on the table, and have enough cable to talk at the same time on the lightweight iphone 5. Would a choice of 2 lengths be difficult to achieve in the timeframe? Are there photos of the Spixi fully extended? Hey, I was wondering if you could show an example of the iPhone 5 being charged/synced with the Spixi. I have read online that Apple stopped licensing 3rd-party cables. I dont know if that means the Spixi will work or not but I would like definite proof if possible :) Otherwise this is an awesome cable! Good luck, I really hope this project comes into fruition. Thanks for the reply! I'll be upping my pledge momentarily. =oD Also, in agreement with a couple other backers, please do consider making a black iPhone Spixi as a stretch goal. I'd definitely like one. And yes, please do let me know if you are able to test out a Spixi for car use. Again, awesome project! Best wishes, Jo This user's account has been deleted. Apologies if this has been asked already. Will you be contacting the backers to find out which device they have? Want to make sure I don't get the wrong one sent to me. I saw the previous answer that only the MicroUSB would come in black, but I was hoping you might reconsider and perhaps add a stretch goal to provide the iPhone Spixi in black. Hello again! 1) Earlier I mentioned that I was interested in upgrading to the F&F pack, but I do have a few quick questions: Will the limited edition Spixi in the F&F pack be engraved like the LE standalone option? Or will it be just the aluminum body? 2) I have one of those awful 2-way retractable cords in my car so that my iPhone can be played through my car stereo. Have you tried using the Spixi for that? Or would it be better to just use it as a charge/sync cable? Thanks in advance! Hi guys, a couple of quick thoughts / Questions. 1. It looks like the 30 pin connector might be stable enough to hold an iPhone in this position? <url>