Any word on anything for this project? I know there were legal and zoning issues AND I know the creator said we'd get our money back because its been 5 years! Still nothing. Is it too much to ask for to keep his word and provide backers with what they pledged for? Any word on the arcade tokens/t-shirt rewards? I have but I met him and got it FYI 2016 almost to an end. Has anyone gotten a shirt or anything yet? I met Mike Watson if anybody wants to know He showed me where the arcade is hoping to open and what problems are occurring at this stage He gave me my reward in person and we even had a meal which he kindly paid for I am writing to say he is trying his best but THE MAN for a better word is trying to stop him He is almost open so bear with him as I saw the shop and it ha very big and should be a great place Thank you very much Hello any news on this as I arrive in USA in July and I hope this well be up by then I can't remove my below comment but all I am saying is I am visiting in July 2016 to USA so I hope to have all my stuff by then and see my plaque I would like to think it is there cause if it not then it's fair to understand I will feel, I will also be visiting Evo 2016 so I guess I will see Coming from the UK it wont be funny to find the arcade is closed and feel mymoney went down the tube but I hope it's all open I can't believe I have been ripped off I believe it's been over a year & I have yet to receive ANY of the rewards that were promised. I know there's a move & all but more frequent updates on here would be nice for the people who got you guys back up & running. has anyone received anything? Any word on the Tier 6.1 stick? Never received my shirt or tokens. Or the tokens for that matter! I still have not received my shirt or any information on the backer plaque. Any updates? Peter has a point. I hope we can see some photos in an update soon of the current progress. Any updates at all? Agree with Eduardo. Like to see the plaque and hoping to wear my tee over the holidays. Pics of overall progress would be great too!!! Any updates on Rewards? I haven't received the token bag or shirt yet. Are the plaques all up yet as well? Last time I went they weren't done yet I haven't got my Bag of Limited Edition Super Arcade Tokens *stream link will be provided tomorrow both as an update here and through our twitter @SuperDojo for people that don't twitter, the stream is at: <url>~!! It's like a patch update we ALL want. ♥ Keep the dream alive...let's go Super Arcade! It would be sick if you could add a skeeball machine to the mix when you reopen :) :) Super has reached it's goal! Congrats!! I just paid $90 as I live in England but I was wondering if you can use Abhi and then my surname you will see someone sent money where the first letters for my first and surname is A B and the A has the word Abhi from the beginning. Hope to visit next year or 2016 at the very latest Just pledged. Hope to keep the place open, Mike. Best of luck to you. Never been able to make it to Super; donated so that I can still have that chance when the schedule works out, and keep events going in the meantime. Wattson, there wasn't a place to add a note so for my 50$ donation, please put on the plaque "SoCal Injustice Community" - chef boooom It was a sad day when Toronto lost it's last arcade to some random clothing store. A part of me died inside that day, as I made a significant number of my friends there. I hope this does not happen to Super Arcade. Best of luck Mike, and I look forward to seeing your plans come to fruition. Halfway there! Let's GO. Thick Asian Squad We still need meter. Spread the word yo! Better get a spotlight for the stream seats. Pressure. Good luck. We don't even live in Cali but we gotta support the FGC. Gotta do it. Let's keep this alive! For the love of Super Arcade and Mike Watson. C'mon people let's exceed this goal! DODONPACHI!!!!!!!! Best of luck, Mike! Let's do this. We have the money, we can rebuild. It will happen. Super Arcade Hyper Fighting Dojo II This user's account has been deleted. We need a spirit bomb. Can't wait for this to happen!