Hey everyone! Hope all of you are doing well.....wanted to let you know that thanks to your support on KickStarter, we were able to VIRAL out to DIY Network on their show called "I Want That", you can go to our new site www.sushiquik.com to check out the TV VIDEO on our home page. Also, we just launched on Amazon Canada and it would be AWESOME if you guys could come leave a QUIK review on our new page...here is the link: <url>#50362877 ALSO, I really need your HELP with Amazon. If you haven't done so yet, please follow the appropriate links below to leave a review. It would be a HUGE help! If you bought the SushiQuik roller, please go to this link: <url>"sushi kit" in Amazon, you'll see that ugly plunger looking device as #1, which is total crap, trust me, I tried it while we were developing SushiQuik. So we need YOUR HELP to be #1 on Amazon and YOUR review will go a long way! If you bought the SushiQuik roller, please go to this link: <url>"The Dockster" is certified in Patrol and Explosive Detection. Working with 4 dogs in my K9 career, two narcotics, one explosive and another FEMA Rescue Dog, I simple love what I do. I must since I decided to go to Iraq, Kuwait and now Afghanistan to search for explosives. Docki was excited to know that a dog friend in the States sent a hello :-) I watch your link everyday to see how the funding is going and reading the comments and updates. Thank you for your idea, design and offering such a great product for us to fund. Really would be AWESOME to blow by 30% before the end of the weekend! So please help me spread the word to get there!! THANKS AGAIN!! Hey Everyone! Reading the very cool comment from Gerry below, made me realize that I needed to explain my approach when I priced for KickStarter. I wanted to make sure that my backers would get a SUPER SWEET deal for helping me out at a HUGE discount. I think FREE SHIPPING is a huge deal on this one because it's not the smallest thing to ship and the box is quite large. I also wanted to make it SUPER attractive for people to buy more then one, which is why I priced the add on at ONLY $25. So, this bring me to the begging part! :) All of you have friends and family that you REALLY care about :) So why not buy a couple more, and surprise them for xmass!! It's one of those rare times in life where you get to create a win-win situation, they are happy cause they got a SUPER cool SushiQuik, your happy cause their happy and I'm happy cause everyone's happy and I hopefully get funded! lol So help make the world a HAPPY place :) by jumping in and ordering a couple more! At $25 u just can't lose!! :) As always, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT AND FEEDBACK! :) Gerry's comment: Am posting this comment because the first thing I do before backing a project is look at the comments... so this is addressed to anyone thinking of backing this project... look around you at all the sushi bars and Japanese restaurants. Ask yourself how many people serve you sushi when you go round to their place to eat. Probably, close to none. Yet so many people love sushi! So why do people not make it at home? I've made it, and it's dead easy with the right ingredients (which are easy to come by - a good fishmonger will know the date their fish was fished, and whether it was frozen immediately or after landing, or remained unfrozen... and you don't even need raw fish). But too much sticky rice ends up all over the the places it's not supposed to get (including the kids hands and faces!). And the first few attempts inevitably end up limp and unimpressive. So imagine the market for a device like this. It's huge. HUGE. A $30 pledge is nothing (compared to some pledges that I see on Kickstarter). Go ahead. Pledge :) And for the record, I don't even know Brice Leconte! But having started up my own start-up, I know how important it is for more than just financial support. So pledge away! Here is a very cool blog and plug from Sam at In the Capital! Please share it with others. <url>