Still using, and loving, my first of the two wallets I bought here years ago. You made them too well! Just wanted to give you a delayed thanks years later.... this product is awesome and I use it every single day. The same one since the project was funded. Thank you! Hey, guys! are you offering your backers any discounts these days? I would love to give some wallets as presents to my friends. Thanks :) Superb product. Hey guys I am still to receive my reward. Can I get an update plz. Thanks The tight is awesome. I've used it every day since I got it and it's still fresh, stretchy and function as if it was new. Thanks! I ordered two because I wasn't sure which I'd actually want to use regularly or perhaps switch between at times. My wife decided that she liked my new wallet and stole one. Then Jack decided that he wasn't happy with the quality of one of them and sent us another... which my wife also snagged. Suffice to say that we love them and don't think we'll ever go back. Six months in and I can honestly say, I'll never go back to a standard wallet. I've had this wallet for over half a year. It is the best wallet I've ever had. Great job Jack! I also have never looked back. Have loved the TGT, thanks for a great project! I've been using this wallet for a few months now, and the TGT is still is tight as the day I got it. This, it turns out, is a bad thing. It's too tight and friction is slowly destroying my plastic cards. Also, the air gap never went away. :-/ Just had to drop by and say that I received my TGT wallet here in the UK months ago. As soon as it arrived I transfered my cards into it and have never looked back. Thank you Jack for a great product, I'm loving it :) Hi Jack, When will the next set of wallets for Gold members be shipping? Hello, it seems I too never got anything. Should I email the tightstore? Had this thing for 3 months now, and I freaking love it, I get questions all the time, wtf is that, then I send to the tightstore, good luck. Hey Jack, I'm a bit disappointed as I still haven't received my wallets ($24 backer). Sent you an email at <email>. Best, Nicolas Received it months ago. Just want to stay it's been fantastic using them and to be honest i cant see myself going back to the old wallet. What's really amazing was how much use i found when i went traveling the other month. Really alot of important cards/documents fit! Brilliant work! Looking forward to future products! Hey Jack . I sent an email to you on <email> - one month ago - and haven't received anything yet, should I be worried? How could I help you to speed it up :) Best Alex Hi Jack, I'm afraid I have yet to receive my two 2.0s. Could you please check on them? I have resisted the urge to buy a new wallet, because my current one is falling apart and my friends are considering throwing it away while I sleep but I want to replace it with the awesome TGTs! Nothing else will suffice! So please, for everyone's sake, follow up on this for me. Many thanks, Cynthia Jack- Thanks for the follow up. I've been very impressed with the customer service. Twice I have contacted you and both times the issues were QUICKY resolved. Looking to back future projects. Very happy with my experience with TGT. Tony Just to say great. Ordered two 2.0's, I must say they are fantastic, I love the pouch for cash, so simple but what a great idea. One very happy customer Jack, I never thanked you for the wallets. Even though I realized I ordered incorrectly, I have been enjoying my older brother twins 1.0! It is so nice to be "tight." And thank you for your conscientious business practice of sending another Americana because you thought the elastic was not of the quality you wanted. I really appreciate it. I am enjoying them. I am keeping the third one you shipped for use later when I wear out one of them. I know that won't happen for several years. Thanks! Lynn Never receive mine. Disapointed. Jack, I sent you the following a couple of days ago and haven't heard back, so thought I'd try to get to you here: "Thank you for the (one) replacement American 2.0. Since I had the reward level with 2 of these and 2 of the limited edition stone, I believe that a second American 2.0 is forthcoming. Is that correct?" Any info would be appreciated. Thanks and congratulations on your success. I love my TGHT 2.0 and 1.0! But there is a problem with the 2.0 after normal use. I hope its not just me. The fabric has started to wear a little at the edge. This has lead to the black rubber elastic stringy thing on the inside to expose itself. I couldn't cut it of put it back or I just left it alone. A few days later and its only getting worse. Received it two months ago, never touch my wallet again. And I did loved my wallet. Really cool thing you came up with guys :-) Awesome Jack! I'll keep a sharp eye out for it. Thanks again! Thanks for my TGT wallets! I love swapping them round and will purchase more soon. Hey Jack . I sent an email to you on <email>, but if I ordered a Cowman 2.0 wallet and haven't received anything yet, should I be worried? Anyway, reply here on email, whichever you want. Cheers. Hey Jack, My gf and I have been using TGT when going out over the past few weeks, and I must say I love it. Keeps my money safe, saves me from having to carry several items when going out, and feels and looks amazing! A few things we've noted though: 1)Its a nightmare getting TGT around my girl's blackberry bold. Waiting to see if it stretches out soon. 2) I love how it fits on my iPhone. I can still swipe unlock my phone and use the camera itself without having to remove TGT, but here's a question: have you considered a design that still allows you to view your screen while TGT is on? A transparent material maybe so i can see incoming calls? Just an idea. I still love my RPJ! Great job!! I got my cowman 2.0 a few days ago and i'm really digging it. Its so compact compared to previous wallets that i've forgotten its in my pocket and have to feel around to make sure I didn't lose it. Good stuff! I've pledged for A LOT of the various kickstarter wallets and the TGT is among my faves. Just got back to Boston today and found in the mail my 1.0 cowman and 1.0 Americana. A well made product I must say. This was my first kickstarter pledge and it was a success. Thanks to Jack and Dave for following up with my order! Keep up the good work. I pledged for the cowman 2.0, but ended up getting a new wallet before it came, and the TGT has just been sitting in my desk, unused. It's a great product so if anyone wants to buy it and actually use it, just email me rkim (at) rocketmail.com. Feel free to delete if this isn't appropriate, but I figure better to get it to someone who would appreciate it :) Hi Jack :) you're a legend for juggling all these orders and comments! I would like to also raise my hand and ask if my order will be on its way soon? I'm just so excited :) Cheers, Nicole Hi jack I've received nothing despite my pledge - update please! I just wanted to say that I've received my Black Stone 2.0 in the lovely land of Belgium. The final product is top notch and is exactly what I've always wanted. Thanks for the Kickstarter and brining this product to life! Hey Jack, I still haven't received my wallet. Did I miss something? I am an original backer, and have been waiting almost 3 months past when they were supposed to be shipped out. I'm fine remaining patient, but I would just like some comment or reassurance that this is normal. and if it's not, hopefully we can fix it. got my black stone 2.0. craftsmanship & quality are top notch...the bill slot fits more bills than it looks. it's currently holding about 15 bills, 2 credit cards, 1 atm card, 1 AAA card, 1 insurance card and my DL...and it's still roughly 1/3 the size of my original, already tiny wallet (compared to most other people's wallets). i had a trifold, and that was still too bulky to fit into my jeans most of the time and i usually zipped it up in my slingbag at work. now i can have my wallet on me at all times and not have to worry...and i like that it's small enough to go into pretty much any pocket i want, apparently even the coin-pocket that i used to hold smaller cellphones in. sometimes i walk around forgetting that i had my wallet on me. awesome work Jack! black/dark denim might be something cool to consider in future styles! :) Jack Can you confirm my Americana n stone 2 n my 2 TGT 1s are en route to the UK yet bud? When are the replacement Americans coming? Received it today. Never said "did not hear back", even stated that received a few messages. Said communication: got updates from different people but sometimes conflicting info, specific questions ignored, etc. It's cool though, good luck w/ future endeavors. This user's account has been deleted. Just received mine! Great quality and even smaller then I thought. Thank you! Just got mine and I love it. Fits very well in my pocket! Just want to let you know I received my TGT Stone 2.0 today here in Malaysia and less than 2-weeks since shipped (postmarked USPS Feb 4). Thanks! Hi Jack, what is the meaning of "...there was a problem with forwarding and we weren't getting some emails..." Do you now get all of our emails, now? Or should I Send my request one more time? Awesome. @Jack thank you for the update. Finally got my Stone 1.0 in the mail. Gave it to my dad as a (very) belated gift. He seems to really like it. @Jack still waiting patiently. Could I have an update please? Not just an overseas problem with delayed shipping, Still waiting on a wallet here in California. Just got a third message that it has been shipped, hopefully third times the charm. Not just an overseas problem with delayed shipping, Still waiting on a wallet here in California. Just got a third message that it has been shipped, hopefully this time it will actually arrive. Communication with customers and within tgt needs some work. Hey, guys....can I please get some information? I'm cool if it is going to take you a while to catch up, but I would really appreciate some information regarding when I should expect the wallet. I posted the same thing back on January 26 and heard nothing back. Thanks very much. I emailed Jack, I sent him messages through this kickstarter direct messaging system and on to his facebook profile but still no reply from any of these sources: I like to know when I can expect my wallet. nice to see they're being shipped...but i read that 2 weeks ago too and i'm still waiting. being that most people i see asking now are from EU or other continents...i'm wondering when i'll see any shipping info here in Cali. did everyone else get shipping confirm or anything before they got their wallets? this is making me sad :/ Got the second and final wallet, a Stone 2.0. Quite fast delivery time for a non US backer. The new colour looks fine and and having two TGT wallets gives extra options and is kinda cool. Cheers! I just got my Stone 2.0. I was hoping to get one with a (as the FAQ states) "lighter, lovely sort of grayish, green color." Unfortunately, I overlooked the update indicating that the default color had been changed to black, and that I had to make a special request for the original leather. Was there an option in the survey to request the original? If so, I managed to overlook that as well. My bad, I guess. The black leather is nice, so maybe it'll grow on me. Can we get an update on the 2.0 wallets?? I have a Stone 2.0 on backorder and would love to have it. The 1.0 basic model I have has been in my pocket since it arrived. Very nice still waiting for my cowman 2.0 in germany -_- Hopefully mine will arrive by end of the week.... Got my Stone 2.0 on Saturday. Very well done. just got mine end of last week with no problem in germany. i was thrilled to get it and am really satisfied with what you did here. great work - wish you lots of success with yer idea. thanks! Hi Jack. I'm presuming you're shipping to your overseas (Scotland) backers too? It's been a long wait but am looking forward to it arriving. Northern VA - Received my 2 Stone 2.0s today. I've never been so instantly satisfied while putting a product to the test. Thanks again Jack and best of luck. I'll be sure to promote TGT to my friends and colleagues. Indiana. Just received my 2nd TGT wallet ... my Stone 2.0! Nice! Although (_only_ for aesthetic reasons) I prefer the Cowman 2.0. I am so happy to have had this chance and got a couple really nice wallets out of the deal. @Lynn Iwamoto: I would assume you could get two metal plates to put around your cards, but I think that would 1) cut into the material, and 2) make it less TGT. Can you suggest a TGT way to protect against RFD theft? I'm doing to get my stone!! I've been checking the mail box nonstop. @Jason N, No I am wondering the same thing, My Americana is actually falling apart... going to email him to ask. I got my Limited Edition Stone 2.0 yesterday in the mail and I have to say that I LOVE it. It's such an upgrade from my old, bulging wallet. I put it in my pocket and it doesn't even look like I have a wallet in my pocket. The craftsmanship is absolutely wonderful. This is such a great product. I got an email saying stones should be shipping out at the end of the coming week :D kinda sad to be one of the first to back the stone 2.0 option, before it became a separate category and also the first batch to receive surveys but have no news of my wallet yet :/ i emailed 3-4 days ago and haven't heard an answer back either. i'm patient and all, but it went from pre-xmas to post-xmas to post-new-years and now...im guessing post-valentines? :/ Has anyone heard anything regarding the updated/replacement Americanas? I filled out the questionnaire, but that was about a month ago. Haven't heard anything since. I fully understand that sending out a packages to more than a 7000 ppl around the world is nightmare, but at least a minimal traceability would help, like and email: "Your Tight was shipped today 18 of Dec 2012 to you retype the address, expected is ..." At least something. The waiting is a real pain! :( whats wrong? it been 3 month ago . but still not recieve my stone!!!!! Have you begun shipping the stones and the new Americanas yet? Still haven't recieved mine yet I received my older brother twin 1.0s a few weeks ago. I didn't open them up because I assumed I know what I got and I was waiting to see which one I should give as a belated Christmas gift. I asked the person. Well, this person selected the Stone 2.0 with the black leather wallet and that is the one I ordered for him. My personal disappointment was that I (me, myself) didn't pay attention to the 1.0 and 2.0 differentiation. I just assumed they all had leather pockets. Mine didn't have the pockets. :( I just fixated on the pictures for the two with the leather pockets. I can see you tried to make it clear. The only solution is to pay attention and to buy ones with pockets in the future. Thanks. DO THEY PROTECT AGAINST RFD THEFT? any update? got one but not stone 1.0 yet I emailed TGT I just got a response it shipped today with tracking expected delivery tomorrow. since I live about 20 miles away. Hello, I still havent received my wallet and would like to know when it will be sent. Thanks, Arianne Carrillo When will the stones be available ? I cannot tell you how fantastic this wallet is. My old wallet was so uncomfortable that i had to take it out of my pocket to sit comfortably. Caused me to forget it at home all the time. This i can carry in my pocket all day and forget it's there. So far it is the perfect solution for me. Now just need to see how well it holds up over time. Great job! Hello, I still havent received my wallet and would like to know when it will be sent. Thanks, Arianne Carrillo Hey, I just wanted to say that my wallet is absolutely fantastic. I've been using it for a few weeks now and it is just great. I am sad, I have still not received my TGT and I think I was in the first batch. I have been sending emails and it looks like somewhere along the line, half of my address was lost...Someone said they were following up but haven't heard back in over a week :( Great product! Do you ever need to take out cards from the wallet to maintain its elasticity? I hate to bug you but any news on the Stone Limited 2.0 I'm looking forward to getting rid of my big thick wallet. Am I in the cue? Can I get an update? Thanks! Thanks for the update Jack! Hey Jack, I'm a backer of the project and I was a little late responding to the delivery email. I didn't get a chance to respond online with my shipping information and such until early January. I wanted to know if this was an issue in getting the wallet, or when I could expect it to be shipped. @Jack, thanks for the response, look forward to it! @Jack Sutter Thanx for the information. I've wrote an email to <email> hope they will help ;-) The last waiting for one Still waiting and hoping my Stone 2.0 Limited ships soon Still waiting in NJ, no sign or message. I still have not gotten my wallet either Is anyone getting a reply on wallets not received. I'm original backer. Disappointed at lack of replies. In Chicago and while nothing is impossible, I have shipping service in my building, so things don't get stolen. Still waiting in LA... Finally I received mine in Czech Rep, I took 1 month but not customs. The wallet feels great :) @ Mirko Maurice Search thge page for Gereon... I am in Los Angeles and have not received my TGT either. Perhaps the California shipment has been delayed somewhere?.... Hello Jack, you wrote " In the future, packages will be shipped within the UK so will not be subject to dues" Does this already apply to the stone 2.0 back-orders? And will you use this shopping option for other eu-countrys like germany, too? Since there are no customs due for packages between eu countrys afaik. Keep up the good work. Anyone get the TGT in Germany? This user's account has been deleted. Me neither got a TGT send to Germany. I got a shipping notification last year, but no wallet yet. Nothing yet in VA, survey competed 11/28 are you going alphabetically? :P Just curious if there was a way to guesstimate delivery. Even if you say 'Not until Feb' at least that's knowing something. Really looking forward to this :) Mine just landed in Denmark today, and i was starting to worry. They are awesome really happy i pledged for this. No TGT in Germany till now :-( Jack - I completed the survey on 11/27, and don't have a wallet and no one has responded to the email i sent 3 weeks ago. I just want to know if it is shipped yet, or if it is still on back order while you complete the Stone 2.0's. I have this fear that it shipped but someone stole it off my porch. received it in the Netherlands but 60$ reward and 20 euro customs. maybe some point to think about for future projects. waiting for my wallet in Cologne / Germany! Thank you for the update @Jack I cleared my 2 wallets from german customs today. I had to open the package and bring all the paper I could proceed from the payment-process and what have you ... let´s say: everything. In the end it cost me 7.14€. I really don´t mind the money. But it was NOT very helpful that the stated value outside on the package did not fit with what is stated here online. I had the $45-reward: one 1.0 +one 2.0 and the parcel said total value $35.50. It would have helped if there had not only been a delivery note but also an invoice or the like that explicitely lists value/price of each item contained and receipt of payment as well. I am not an expert on that topic and neither are custom-officers on kickstarter. It´s too new for them. so every paper that clarifies the situation is helpful.... let your professional fulfilment know that, will you? :-) anyway now I own some cool wallets I sent back my wallet for exchange. Any idea when you'll be sending out my replacement? My wallet just arrived (I'm from Brazil)! My wallet has not arrived to the Czech Republic :( It was sent on the 16 December @Oskar: got mine on Dec 15th also, customs notice arrived Jan 12th. That guy is ripping off other projects too! Check out his products page: <url>£11 customs fee.. Not sure if this can be avoided? @Gereon: When did you recieve your shipping confirmation? Mine was sent on December 15th and still waitung for German customs to contact me... I love the wallet, but after 2 weeks of use, the elastic stitch at the top has loosened up.. there is reduced tension. Just picked up my 2.0s from german customs, no import fees or anything. Love them! Can't wait to get my Stone 2.0 Been wallet-less for more than a year haha btw, the Stone 2.0's with black leather was a special thing right? Cause I wanna get one in addition to the regular stone 2.0 :( I did it for ya Jack! Keep up the good work :) Sweet update 8) Got my Cowman 2.0 but I ordered RPJ 2.0 and Stone 2.0... I love the wallet but disappointed that I didn't get what I ordered. Still waiting for my other one... Hi guys, I haven't received anything yet and, so far, no responses to email. Can I get an update? Survey Reminder does not disappear in my top page all the time. I am really irritated. <url>£11.07 import fee. Received my Limited Edition RPJ 2.0 but when I opened the envelope it was actually a Limited Edition Stone 2.0. The Packing list shows it as RPJ LE 2.0 but as I was expecting an entirely black TGT I was surprised to see a black and white stipe pattern. Can you let me know we need to do to get the RPJ LE 2.0 to me? Arrived today after the extra £11.07 paid but better than never! OK, looks like that a hand of people receive their TGT in Europe during this week. Hope I will get mine soon, and with no customs charge ;-) Anybody in Germany or Europe receive his order till now? I received another Kickstarter-Project from the US, that was shipped a few days later and stucked at the custom, this week. I haven't recieved my wallet yet is there anyway to contact the manufacturer. Hi! I left a comment a couple weeks ago, but never received a reply, I was wondering if you had received my emails. I've sent two, one was about a month ago I believe and still have yet to receive replies from either one. Sorry to be impatient. I'm just excited! P.S. I was trying to change my order to a cowman 2.0 if that is possible. Surprise mail in my letter box today, 2 TGT wallets all the way to Australia... Thanks so much for getting them out :) The packaging looks great too... very impressed. Really like it! Don't go too crazy with all your success. Keep innovating! Got my Americana 2.0 today! (Got the £11.07 customs charge too though!) looks like im in the same boat as a bunch of people. Emailed twice in the last few months inquiring abut the status of my wallets. Dude, I'm yearning for my badd ass liitle tight wallets!! And bingo! Complete with £11.07 customs charge, but I have my wallet :D Hello Jack, I think that you are really busy. But, it was over more than a month since I began an email with you. "Last notice. Don't delay!" Survey which I received last was 2 Dec. . The following is the last hope after all. I want the "The RPJ 2.0. with black leather" and "RPJ 1.0". and plus refund $10. . I thought after I confirm your email, and I thought I'd Survey. But.... There is not the wallet which I choose when I do Survey. What should I do? <url>" The older brother twin 1.0s" instead of the RPJ 2.0 with a black leather pocket, which was what I had chosen. No big issue with me, but wanted to let you know. Tks! Jack did you see my email yet? Emailed you twice about my tgt wallet Got my TGT today, living in the UK got no additional charges for it either. Looking very cool, and the leather is niccccccccce! Hi, still waiting for mine in UK - but will give it a while longer... Jack - I read the comments about the VAT charges for UK based people and thought I should let you know that you were given incorrect advice by your shipping company. The import VAT threshold is £15, very slightly just under the £15.30 you've mentioned (although I'm surprised how mean customs can be to charge fees when it's only slightly over!) Here's the link to the info incase it helps: <url>£8 duty and £3.11 fee from Royal mail to say we have to pay is a joke though! Anyways paid mine and the wallet seems great! I understand that you have a lot to take care of right now but could you please respond to my message(to you via KS) or mail(to <email>) asap. I have the same problem as Rami, I got sent the wrong item. Thanks for a great Kickstarted! Any news on when we can expect our Stone 2.0's ? I just received my wallet and I loved it :) Good quality and it is even thinner then my Bellroy wallet (which I already find very thin). Waiting for the wallet to arrive however is a little less than pleasant as the reply to the email I sent regarding the shipping of my wallet only arrive 1 day after I received the wallet. I would advise putting more priority into replying email than rushing out the wallets. Keeping customers informed and happy is also a big part in doing business :) I ordered 6 in November. I have not received them. Can't find any way to reach anyone for information. so excited to receive mine starting to feel left out :( Guys do you think that keeping debit cards so close together in the TGT will ruin them? Jack, I switched out my old wallet for the TGT 2.0 about a week ago to try it out, and so far, the hardest thing about it is just figuring out what cards to keep. The wallet is well made, and a pleasure to use! Definitely one of my better purchases on Kickstarter. Jack, I've had my TGT for a week or two now. Just want to say that I love it. Hope the issues a few are having will go well for you. I expect that there are many like me that are very happy. Thank you for creating the TGT and bringing it to Kickstarter! Hi Jack, I have received one of the Two ordered. Its Amazing. Awaiting for the next one to be delivered too. Regds Ramanathan Gurumoorthy Hi Jack I'm in Ireland and I still haven't received mine, any update would be great ! Cheers Dave Just received mine from sunny Sydney, Australia! Love them! One minor problem though as I received the incorrect order. I had put down extra instructions in the email field (Stone 2.0 instead of Cowman 2.0. If unavailable then please leave Cowman 2.0 and change Cowman 1.0 to Americana 1.0) but it seems like it was overlooked.. I then sent an email on Mon 17/12/2012 5:25 PM Sydney time to confirm my order but no reply. :( Are you able to make it all better again? (still happy but want to be happier!) Jack, first of all, hope you're having a great new year with this project. Second, I dont want to get upset as i really do love your concept, but i would appreciate receiving some email or msg concerning my order. You've sent the wrong item and I've lost count of how many messages and emails I've sent out regarding that. Please get back to me when you get a chance. what is the timeline on the stone 2.0 backorders? Do we know when the Stone 1.0s will be ready? Could you check the status of my wallet? I was expecting mine for Xmas and I got nothing, I Also wanna know if the only difference between the 2.0s is the styles(colors)? Cause to get the wallet early I can change the style. Good day Jack: Could you help tracking my shipment, since I'm in Mexico the package could wind up in customs, and those guys provide no information unless you ask! If you can track progress up until it leaves US soil, the rest I can check. Regards Thanks for the updates Jack! Looking forward to getting my stone 2.0 n Americana 2.0 8) Received my Cowman 2.0 today, with the Stone 2.0 on back order. I wasn't expecting anything till mid February, so I'm very happy. Thanks for the great new wallet. PS. I'm in Perth, Australia. Got mine a little while ago, and wanted to say thanks! They seem very good quality (the leather was SUUUUUUUPER soft) and I look forward to getting it into my wallet rotation. Kudos to you Jack for the quality product, speedy processing, and all around great experience with the TGT! "@International backers, the USPS does not provide international tracking for First Class mail, so please don't use those tracking numbers, they shouldn't have been sent." Does this also mean that there are still many international orders (like mine) that has yet to leave the shores of USA? Jack Just to let your international backers that I received my pledge yesterday in Melbourne Australia. Well done on this project. Thanks Pamela Well I've posted on here, messaged thru KS & emailed at the store address n have had no response either. Hopefully now the hols are finito'd we will get responses soon... I'm thinking <email> should check their spam folder. Apparently they are missing numerous emails sent to them. Been waiting 2 weeks for an answers as many others. I Know there's been some kind of holiday but you're in the US so you should all have been at work at least some of those days. Not like the rest of the world where we are allowed a couple of weeks off. I am assuming the Limited edition Stone 2.0 w/ black diamond leather is also on backorder? I am in Canada and haven't received mine yet either Hi jack Still haven't received my reward , is there another way to contact You ? Christopher Port Chester New York You're the best, Jack! I love it! I emailed you about a week ago and still no response. :( do rewards ship separately? i pledged $45 today i received the TGT 2.0 but not the 1.0 Still waiting on mine, I'm in Ireland ! Received today and really quick delivery for an overseas parcel. Many thanks! This user's account has been deleted. I just competed my survey but the RPJ wasn't an option. Then I read your update. I want one Cowman 2.0 and an RPJ 2.0. I sent an email to clarify also. Looking forward to using them. Thanks. Greg Love my new wallet! Good job! just checking in on he status of my wallet? thanks! happy new year. TR Update on the below: I've just received the Cowman which i repeatedly said through several messages and emails I did not want (RPJ 2.0 instead). Not happy. Hey Jack, I've sent several emails to <email> concerning my order and never heard back. Its been 2 weeks now since my last email about the wrong item being shipped and i still dont know what's happening to my order. I feel like i definitely should have received my wallet already... I'm only in Chicago. Was there a noticement about Stone 2.0? I can't find it. Anyway I'm kinda relieved for knowing that it's not about shipping error or custom fuss. Shoving all my cards and bills in a loose card wallet makes me feel like a moron. Hope it comes as soon as possible. Emailed you about th problem with mine.. Is there any way that I can track mine? Haven't received or heard of my wallet. The lack of wallet is starting to irritate me. Problem is businesses are at risk of fraud if they put Gift on customs packages or if they get caught lying about the cost of the item. It's not a risk I would want to take as a new business. it's also very difficult for a new business to know wall the custom regulations world wide. I learned from another project that if the value put on the package is more than EUR 22,-- people from Europe must pay extra taxes, i already emailed Jack about this on dec 14 but he did not reply. Without knowing all Customs rules and regulations, I am surprised to be hearing about these Customs Fees. We haven't purchased anything. We are receiving a gift for pledging money towards your project. What is being listed on the shipping paperwork? Surely you must be marking it as a gift? Got my Stone 2.0 in Langkawi, Malaysia! Very TGT! Thanks Jack! Also had a card through the door here in the UK today telling me about a delivery that needs £11 customs fee to be paid. I will pay it and am keen to get my TGT but a little disappointed about the fee. I know its our dumb UK tax law that is causing the issue and there is not a lot you could have done about it but it's still a little annoying. Kinda worried about the what $60+ 2PP Minecraft DVD's are going to set me back as well now! @ darren benford-brown: very lucky I had to pay nearly £11 in custom charges, I only pledged for one :-( I leave in CT and have yet to receive my wallet. I was told it would arrive before Christmas. Any updates? Has anyone in my neck of the woods received a wallet yet Hi. I sent an email 2 days ago regarding the status of the delivery of my wallet. However I have yet received any replies. Do you mind doing a check for me? Got my 6 TGT 1s delivered Thursday. No customs fee to pay for me in the UK. Very happy with them overall, just a couple very minor issues that I've emailed Jack about (& waiting for the reply) & just waiting for my 2 TGT 2s to arrive now. Daughter n girlfriend both like their disco's 8) Arrived in the UK. Got to pay a handling and import fee. Cant get it until after the weekend. Cant wait! Well mine was originally promised for January and that's when it expected so I appreciate the update. I saw where a couple people were lucky enough to get theirs early and got excited. Just got mine today payed the Royal Mail handling fees. No way was the Royal Mail stopping me from getting my wallet haha. Looks great btw. Hi, I just received my RPJ 1.0 today and it is awesome. I really love it and have already started using it as well. The thing is that I had ordered a combo of RPJ 1.0 and Stone 2.0. I have just received the RPJ 1.0 and the invoice that came inside it says that the "Total pieces to ship is 1" and the "Total pieces backordered is 1." I didn't quite understand this. Please kindly explain as to when I am gone receive my 2nd wallet ? P.S : Superb job again with the wallets. Cheers !!!!! Hi Jack, I've just recevied a card through from Royal Mail, they're wanting £11.13 off me for customs fee's. If I leave the wallet with them it will be returned t you in 21 calendar days, would you then be able to refund me? £11.13 on top of the price I paid seems stupid for me to pay. Hi, I'm still waiting here in the UK too. My shipping info hasn't changed since 16th Dec. All it says is shipping info received. Getting itchy to get my new wallet. I'm still waiting for my delivery, has anyone else in the UK received theirs yet? Cowman 2.0 checking in from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Thank you Jack. Hi I have received half of my order I was wondering when would I get the other half? This Cowman 2.0 is great! I received mine on Christmas. Thank you for making such a great product! Well done. Got mine in Denmark as well today. Didn't receive a tracking mail or anything, so was a bit worried, but it worked out :) They look great; am sure my dad will be pleased. As Moa said, Cowman 2.0 rocks! Can't wait for my Stone 2.0! My TGT Cowman 2.0 has arrived and it is great! Just what I've been looking and then waiting for, THANKS!!! Just received my TGT's in Denmark today.. My TGT arrived and it is great! Thank you! Just wondering why my shipping notice hasn't changed since Dec 14th? All it says is electronic shipping info has been received I ordered 4 wallets and I'm still waiting!! Would really like to know what's going on here. Why did you delete my comment I left on December 18th? I got my 2.0 and 1.0 my sister likes the 1. and my 2 works great for me, i hold 5 cards and my iphone and still have room for a few bucks in the pocket, works well will recommend! I'm about 20 minutes from Warren.MI if we need to do a rescue operation. Still waiting for tracking and or a update on mine. Just got my delievery of 6 x TGT 2.0s ...was meant for xmas presents but since i missed the gifting i scored a few more TGT than originally planned!!! Whoo Hoo!!! love the feel of the leather...Great sourcing of the products Jack...Can't wait to buy more in the future!!! Thanks Mate Got my Cowman today... excellent product. Delivered as promised. Thank you!! My package also says it still is in Warren, MI. The tracking information hasn't updated since December 20th. My fat wallet is enjoying this predicament. Nice product. Received mine. One suggestion for the 2.0. The leather pocket is designed so that the exterior side is longer at the top than the interior. This, in my opinion, makes it difficult to insert money (or anything) into the pocket, especially when stretched. Reversing that design (pocket is longer on interior, shorter on exterior) seems like it may make it easier to insert and remove money. hey jack, being one of the first to back the project, i got the surveys when you first sent them out but never got any shipping confo or anything...just wondering if mine was shipped out and if it'd get here before new years. All of my TGT's were delivered in the nick of time for Christmas. They were well received as gifts and I couldn't be happier. Guys . . . If you need more room, get a man purse! LOL -Thanks Jack! Just got my Americana 2.0. I can say that it is slightly wider than I expected, which is fine by all means. The leather pouch was also wider than I expected, which has actually turned out to be more convenient than I would think. The leather on the 2.0 is absolutely soft, which makes it feel like a quality-built product. Overall, I am thoroughly satisfied with my TGT wallet. Got my wallet last night, a Stone 2.0. It looked good and felt good upon initial inspection, so I moved some cards and money into it and used it for the night. I gotta say it is way smaller than my wallet and it it very comfortable. I don't feel it slipping out of my pants at any time, and its easy to access whatever I need to get at. Overall a great project with lots of communication and a very speedy production process. Great job Jack!. Anyone else having a problem where their package seems to have never left Warren, MI? According to my tracking information it's still there. Kinda upset I didn't get it in time for Christmas to give to my brother. Just hoping it'll get here before he leaves. According to USPS it may never arrive though. Jack, can you help me out? This user's account has been deleted. Back to work, and waiting on my desk was a lovely new wallet. Awesome! Looks great, functions well. Thanks Jack! Got mine on the 24th (I'm in the States); great timing! Quality is fantastic. Now comes the hard part, slimming down the amount of junk I normally carry in my wallet... Just received mine today and I LOVE it ! For those of you wondering about arrival for international shipment, I live in France.. so they're definitely on their way to you ! I also noticed the aforementioned air-gap but I've been tinkering with the stitches (rubbing and flattening them) and I managed to reduced substantially the said gap to the point where the wallet can really be called TIGHT. :) All in all, a great product and I hope it will last me a long time. Cheers Jack ! I'm with @gregvladimer no wallets, no response to emails sent to <email>. Disappointed. Got mine today! Thank you for such a great quality product! Hey there. Not only did I not get a shipping notification (its not in my SPAM box, I checked) but I didn't get a response from my email asking about a shipping notification. Can this be checked on! Thanks! Received my Americana and Cowman 2.0s earlier today! Although I did not receive them before Christmas, I am still plenty satisfied with these amazing pieces of design! A great vision and great products -- Thanks, Jack! Has anyone outside US & Canada receive their TGT? I have not received mine though the USPS link that was provided indicated posted since 16 Dec. received my cowman 2.0: F'n awesome! it is so siiiiiiiiiiiiick! the elastic is sturdy but can stretch. the leather is authentic. it is really nicely made. i love the little TGT tag on it. can't wait for the backstock stone 2.0 (black leather w/ black white stripe elastic). JACK - I am assuming you will send those out once you can? Just got mine .Thanks Jack your a Man of your word Anyone else's RPJ 2.0 coming undone? The little silver threads are coming undone and falling off :( I just got my TGT, and it's pretty damn lovely. I can see the charm of having the leather now. The elastic holds my cards perfectly, and the leather creates a nice "buffer" for my folded cash. Love it. Will you be selling locally any time soon? I'm afraid that my wallet wouldn't be able to ship to the right person. I wanted to give it as a give to my friend but the name included on the shipping address (according to the confirmation email in the spam box - i didn't check it until now) was not the same as the name I provided on Kickstarter. : ( Can we get a update when the Limited Edition Stone 2.0 are going out. Not asking for a date just maybe beginning or end of January etc.. though a Date would be awesome lol! great work btw very happy. Just want to say thank you for working so hard to ship our TGT before xmas. Got mine yesterday, americana and I am loving it. got my LE stone 2.0 and i LOVE IT!!! just a word of advice on what else this nifty little walletl can do...the cash pocket is the PERFECT size for the new ipod nano. I didnt know this until this morning when i got my iPod, but it totally rocks, it fits amazingly.....i love that i can use it to carry around all my cards and my nano!. got mine yesterday and I really love it alot! Only problem was a small bit of it was unraveling. After just cutting the small unraveled strand and burned it a bit it looks perfect! Super happy with this wallet! How long will it take to respond to my email? I sent it about a week ago and still have yet to receive a reply. Thanks. I'm looking forward to my wallet arriving, but have no idea if it has shipped yet. This user's account has been deleted. Got mine on Monday! Perfect surprise! Love it! I'm sad mine didn't arrive in time to put it under the Christmas tree. Maybe the UPS truck got stuck in the Midwestern storm. Looks like such an amazing product. I can't wait. Wow that air gap on the 2.0 is really something. I really hope that this is not for all 2.0's? It's a little strange to have a "tight" wallet, but have that air gap taking up additional, unnecessary space. Just got my 2.0 wallet today, loving it so far. Though i did not receive the 1.0 that i Ordered. very bummed out about it since that was going to be a gift for one of my friends for christmas I'm also kind of disappointed with the "air gap" in the 2.0s. It definitely makes the wallets appear thicker than they could. In fact the gap makes the wallet look a good 4-5 credit cards thicker than it should. Even though most of the gap squishes down when in your pocket, it still looks a bit silly: <url>… Wasn't expecting to receive my reward in time for the holiday. Walked down to the mailbox and BAM! The TGT wallet was waiting right there. Hadn't had a chance to check it out in full detail but it looks GREAT! I'll be back with more... Thanks Jack & Team! Mailman just dropped off my Stone 2.0---love it! I hope all of you have a great holiday and New Years--and may your TGT speed it's way to you soon! Yup, could fit a LOT more. just shoved my iphone in there as well (that's what she said) Got mine today :D Ontario, Canada. got about 12 card, insurance registration, Work RFID and cash (looks like there still room to cram some more in there)! Thanks guys, great wallet, as advertised! Just checked the mail, and they came in today :D (South Western Ontario Canada) This user's account has been deleted. Got mine Saturday. It's awesome Jelly man. Can't wait to see the 3.0. Yay,just got mine. Really like it. Keep up the good work Expecting mine tomorrow. Confirmation email was also in SPAM box so be sure to check there folk! This user's account has been deleted. Got two of my wallets today! I cleared my spam folder accidentally which had the TGT email in it but I'm assuming (or I missed) the RPJ2 is shipping at a later date? Dude, these wallets are mad sick. Excited to sport TGT. awesome! I got 5 out of the 6 wallets. the stone 2.0 is backordered so I guess sometime next month. Thanks! Got one of my wallets today! (before Xmas even!) Thanks. But they have 1 as backorder and the other 2 (four total ) not even mentioned. I've sent you a message about it....if you don't receive it please let me know and I'll try again. Beautiful wallet, btw.... I have not yet received the Wallet, nor the shipping confirmation.(checked my Spam Folder). Having said that I did back near the end of the project. Unfortunately it doesn't look like I'll receive it for Xmas but these guys are trying to ship out thousands of wallets so will wait till the new year before I start checking the status. Merry Xmas all!! Unfortunately did not receive order today last day before Christmas to get mail :( has any international backers got their order yet I am in oz and haven't yet... I checked my spam mail and that is where my shipping confirmation went, so I would check there if you haven't received the confirmation yet. Mine cane a few days ago, but I was also in the first 1200 backers. Can't wait to get the wallet Just got my notification last night. Jack, you rocked this perfectly. A model for all project creators!!! Well done! Got the shipping confirmation for my Stone 2.0 last night. I've already jettisoned my old bulky chunk o' leather wallet, so I'm really looking forward to my TGT. I'm surprised this shipped so fast; Jack and his team are really hustling to get the orders out. Thanks! I recieved my shiping confirmation, but my order looks to be incorrect. I hope this Is all sorted out. Haven't heard anything at all yet. Still haven't received any shipping confirmation :( How do we know if we made the cut for a shipping confirmation? Lol or even first class international, not fist class international Anyone know how long fist class international takes to get to uk? Any uk backers got there tgt yet? What was your shipping date? Hey Jack, I've emailed <email> twice now but also wanted to post this just in case. I got my shipping confirmation but it's incorrect. I signed up for one RPJ 2.0 and one Americana 2.0. I'd appreciate it if you could help sort it out. Thanks again. This user's account has been deleted. I'd advise against posting your personal info in the public comments... Woohooo I'm In Michigan so as soon as mine ships I should get it the next day. Not sure if the Stone LTD 2.0 are included in this batch or not. Shows on the web site you can order it., of the sight.. I wish Kickstarter allowed us to rate project experiences this would be five star for sure. In case I didn't say this in a prior email, I will leave my Philadelphia address on 12/20, so if possible could you send my 2.0 to: Thomas A Bartlett 3236 Via Palos Verdes Tucson, AZ 85716 2155196428 <email> PS I'd greatly prefer the stone 2.0, then the cowman, least desired is the Americana Thanks. I see that some people have gotten shipping notifications. Are they going out in batches? I just want to know if I should be worried that I havn't gotten one yet :) Hi Jack - I'm in CA and haven't received any information regarding shipping or expected delivery. Any chance I'll be getting it by Christmas? Hi Jack, I received my shipping confirmation. Order Number 6024. But it only states 1 item was sent the TGT Cowman 2.0 I ordered the $45 pledge and also ordered the Disco Easter, but it is not mentioned in the shipping confirmation? Was only one of them sent?? It doesnt matter too much as Disco Easter was for me so is ok if get it after Christmas. Am glad my husbands has been sent though as he is back home from Afghanistan for Christmas and I am so excited to give him this gift I think it will be so handy for him to take back with him. Will let you know if I only receive the one and thanks for such a great idea and product! Cant wait to get them! Good catch Moritz, my shipping confirmation ended up in the spam folder as well. The status is shipping info received. Mine was shipped 14/Dec to Denmark.. Let's hope they get here before Christmas.. exactly when will you start shipping out the wallets? There are shipment confirmations? where should I be looking for a confirmation from? I'm in Australia and am relying on these showing up sometime this week. Pretty impressive with deliveries starting in less than a month. Is there any chance you could update on the international status? Which countries/continents have gone out? I'm in Sweden and have dutifully checked my inbox and spamfolder every day :-). No luck so far. Wouldn't even ask yet except for your comment about Dec 12. This user's account has been deleted. Hrm I never even got a shipping confirmation... This user's account has been deleted. I would recommend to check your spam folder ... my shipping confirmation was there :) But the USPS tracking number doesn't seem to work ... Hi Jack. Really appreciate how busy you are just now but it would be appreciated to get a quick update to see how you are progressing. Thanks! When are you shooting to send out the Stone 2.0s that are not for the first 450 backers? Hi Jack, I immediately replied to <email> as soon as i received the order confirmation email. I really hope this can be sorted out. Can't wait to receive these. Looking forward to receiving the tracking number. Keep it up Jack! Just got my tracking number for a UK shipment. Thanks Jack. (Although USPS says delivery status not available for that number...) Hey Jack, Just got my order, but there seems to be an error. The order details say Cowman 2.0 and Stone 2.0 (backorder), but i had asked for the RPJ 2.0 instead of cowman and sent several messages and emails about that. :( Just got my tracking number..Canadian order....thanks Jack! Again acording to the updates Jack said he is aiming to ship Dec 12 for international and Dec 18 for domestic stone and stone limited don't have a shop date yet though just January. I'm sure it will be sooner then latter though. When is the shipment happening ? Looking forward to receiving mine!! Thanks for the update!! Can't wait to receive it! My wallet is dieing on me and needs to be replaced quickly :-) thanks for the update, looking forward to my rewards. @Joanne Jack said he is aiming to ship Dec 12 for international and Dec 18 for domestic. So I'd say if all goes well it's going to be close. but it's possible if he stays on track. I know he's doing his best. What's the ETA for overseas shipment? e.g. USA --> Australia? Will we get it before Christmas if we are the first 450 backers? How do I know whether or not I'm one of the first 450 and I'll get the stone in the first shipment? Thanks, really excited for it to arrive. For the wallets with an estimated delivery of Jan 2013, when do you expect to ship them out? Hi, When do you think the orders will get to California. What date are you shooting to get the other Stone 2.0s out. Other meaning after the first 450 are gone. I'm very excited for the wallet, and thank you for sharing your vision with us. wow, that's a quick ship date lol. im super excited...even if i don't get it before christmas. if i do, it'll be nice...but if i don't...it's just one more thing that i'll be looking forward to as i drag my lazy ass back to work haha Jack, please make more Kickstarter campaigns. This is a genius, convenient wallet idea and I bet you have more to pitch to us. Hey Jack, I backed the $42 stone 2.0 limited edition, still haven't got a survey either. Just thought you should know. Hi Jack Great work with the project and love what I can see of the wallets! Just wondering if you had an estimate on when you will start sending off the wallets? Looking forward to getting my hands on one! Cheers! FYI no survey yet for the LE Stone. At least for me any way. Thanks for the work on this project. Hi Jack. I pledged at the $32 level, and selected Stone 2.0 in my survey. I would like the original green/grey leather rather than the black, if possible. Sorry I didn't indicate this in my survey. Thanks! --- Bob I have a little question about the Stone 2.0. For the first 450 backers, does it mean the first 450 backers for that specific reward level, or does it mean the first 450 people to complete the survey? This is not for the limited edition, by the way. Jack, in the $32 TGT 2.0 backing survey you mention the difference between the Cowman and Americana is the type of elastic used. The Cowman has a hardy & robust elastic vs the Americana, which has a lighter, softer elastic. Does this mean that the Americana is more likely to stretch out or loose it's elastic strength over time? I think that distinction is important from a quality perspective and from an expectation perspective for the backers who might be interested in the Americana 2.0 vs the Cowman 2.0 I attempted to change my backing to the $28 level a few weeks ago and thought that I had. Apparently it did not go through. Could you up my pledge or could I send you more money? I intended to buy the americana/cowman combo! Thanks so much... Hey Jack, I had filled out the form and selected Cowman 2.0 prior to seeing your message about the RPJ 2.0. i msg you seperately but haven't heard back. Please let me know if I'm on that list for the leather goods. PS: i pledged for two 2.0s: (RPJ 2.0 and Stone 2.0). other than the fact that this project from the onset looked like something incredibly difficult to fail (given that it has no certifications to deal with, unlike consumer electronics) and he had plenty of finished products...and even his own branding markers etc. jack's also been incredibly transparent with his new discoveries, project direction (new leather, updating styles and possible push-back date for later backers etc) and has been consistent with responses. i'd say though i'm relatively new to kickstarter, TGT is possibly the one i'd place as my safest bet as a backer. Jack did say he was going to try and get more survey's out latter tonight. I've got project's I've got a project that I backed in Feb that is just talking about sending the survey out this week. And is hoping to get those to us by Christmas. Kickstater does not turn the funds right over to the Creator from what I here it takes about a month. So don't worry Jack didn't run off on you. lol. I bet he gets them out yet tonight or tomorrow . I'm not worried! @jack: d'oh, sorry. i should have read the questions people were asking first. you answered my question right before i even asked it...black it is. this is what i get for tracking your project the first thing i come into the office! (shows how much i can't wait for it though :P) Just wondering when will i get the survey for the $70 pledge. Also I hope you make it big and i WILL be buying more of these in the near future. good luck Congratulations, So to get the non-animal leather i write that on the survey where it asks for my email address, or do i need to send a separate email? Thanks I am a management professor, and just watching how this project has progressed has been like seeing my theories in action. Well done Jack! Jack Bearing in mind I pledged $148 to include the 6 gift wrapped tgt 1.0s & 2 tgt 2.0s Will my survey be sent out at the $75 level?? Brill job btw Darren I didn't get the survey yet. I was one of the 130$ backers (3:2.0's and 3:1.0s) Was it supposed to get the survey in my email? <email> Congratulations on such huge support Jack! Best wishes for success with your website. Will be heading there in the future. Please let us know as you add more models. @Theo Thanks :] @Cyan- I asked the same question here is what Jack said, "Kickstarter gives me a list of each reward level and the order they were backed in, so I have a list of the first 125 backers." I pledged the $55 amount a while ago and was in the first 125 backers, how would you know it ? Is the floral pattern 1.0 still up for us ? @jack, just making sure. in the survey i could only pick the stone 2.0 (among the other 2 also), but it comes default as BLACK leather right? there was no way for me to specify....wanted to make sure i got the black stone 2.0. :) Is there anyway to see a larger picture of the Stone 2.0 with the greenish grey leather? I think that is the one I want but I don't know for sure because the picture is so tiny. Where do we get the option for vegan leather? Hi Jack, Congrats Jack! I do not hurry in this year, but someday please tell me the answer to a survey. Thank you. Hi Jack. Again, congrats on the success! I just responded the survey to pick the wallet but I wanted to make sure I get the right one. I really want the Stone 2.0 with the black leather pocket. I didn't see an option for that, so could you please make a note of that. I hope I was one of the first 450 to respond. Good luck! Mauricio. I backed on the $32 tier and the survey only gives one option on choosing the stone 2.0 wallet. Is it the one with black leather or the one with grayish green color leather? Can't wait to see you at the holiday markets in the future! Well done, and survey sorted (though i dont mind on colours which wasnt an option). Great start for you here and I look forward to seeing how it develops. All the best Just filled out my survey, you guys are awesome! I just got the survey for the $55 level, and the Stone 1.0 was not included in the options while all the other 1.0s were. Any chance that there could be a modified survey that includes this option, or include a text area to write in changes? Or should changes be discussed via message? I'm sorta okay with a Cowman 1.0 instead of a Stone 1.0, but I would really like to have a Stone 1.0 if it is possible. Yo da man Jack! Thanks anyone know how to edit their already-made choices? i REALLY want rpj 2 Will there be an updated survey with the additional options? I didn't change to a limited edition version since I wasn't keen on the diamond cut, but I am interested in the RPJ 2.0 with the plain black leather but that wasn't an option. It's shown on the pictures as being a 2.0 option so wanted to be sure before I answer the survey. Thank you! This user's account has been deleted. Just got the survey for the $32 level and see no option to choose the Stone 2.0 with black leather. How shall we go about choosing that one? All I see is the Americana, Cowman, and the limited edition Stone 2.0. And congrats on your success Jack! I was hoping to get an RPJ. that kind of stinks. Well done Jack - just made my choices! Can't wait :) Changed my pledge from $65 to $32 a few weeks ago. Amazon have charged me $65, but when I came to choose my wallet I only had the $32 pledge choice! I MADE A PLEDGE FOR 2 2.0'S - I WOULD LIKE 1 STONE 2.0 WITH BLACK LEATHER & 1 RPJ 2.0 WITH BLACK LEATHER. IT DID NOT GIVE ME A PLACE TO CHOOSE THE RPJ 2.0 WITH BLACK LEATHER IN THE SURVEY I JUST RECEIVED SO IF YOU CAN CONFIRM THAT I CAN ORDER 1 STONE 2 WITH BLACK LEATHER AND 1 RPJ 2.O WITH BLACK LEATHER - THAT WOULD BE PERFECT. PLEASE MAKE THE CHANGE ON THE SURVEY THAT I JUST SENT. THANKS ! LORRAINE Congratulations Jack. Busy times ahead!!! ;-) As fate would have it, the payment has just cleared (?!) so all good to go! :-) Jack, Amazon have cancelled my payment and I Have no idea why. I'll try and repay via them, but they sure don't make it easy!! I just wanted to flag it with you so you don't think I bailed! I'm UK based, but I can't see how that would make any difference. All the best! @Edward: You will need to sort that out with Kickstarter/Amazon Payments. I believe you're allowed up to a week to resolve any payment discrepancies before your pledge is canceled. I believe there's a link/button/message somewhere on this site that appears when a payment doesn't go through correctly. Jack, I went 2 <url>"lighter, lovely sort of grayish green color" and not the "black leather". I pledged at the 45$ level to get this Stone 2.0 and an RPJ 1.0. Is it correct? any chance will recieve the RPJ 2.0's before christmas? Thank you sir. Keep up the good work! The $42 level says it's for the diamond leather. I do not want that. @MCG that is going to be the $42 back Hi, I live in Poland and would like to get the Cowman 2.0. I have a couple of questions: - is the $32+4 for shipping tier correct one to get this? - does Cowman 2.0 fit iPhone as well? - would love to get any possible date of the items being sent - are international orders being sent before holidays as well? Best regards, looks like an amazing product! Well done! Could you please tell me which reward level i need to choose to get this wallet? <url>"New Reward Level, I can receive a 1.0 TGT AND choose the limited edition Stone 2.0 with black leather? This user's account has been deleted. Jack As I mentioned earlier I have moved my pledge level up for the 6 gift wrapped TGT 1.0s as I really need these to land ready for Crimbo but have also inc the extra $65 inc postage to also get 2 TGT 2.0s. Cheers Daz Ps. As I only want to give the disco 1s to girls, is there a way of knowing what's what when u gift wrap or will I just have to take a sneak peak? Sorry if that sounds like a stupid question, just don't want my 16 yr old nephew to get something girlie by mistake 8) I'm little confused with all the options, I changed my pledge to "new reward level one of each" because i want the stone 2.0 with black leather and a stone 1.0, did i made the right pledge? Hi, Jack. Same problem as some other people here. Kickstarter only allows for one pledge so have to take the limited 2.0 stone but would also like a regular 2.0 stone. Annoying and it lowers my initial pledge :( Hi Jack. I already made a pledge for the limited edition RPJ 2.0 ... however I also wanted a limited edition Stone 2.0 and maybe some more TGT's as stocking stuffers but Kickstarter only allows a single pledge ;-( Hey Jack!! Im sure with over 6,500 backers, its hard to get some free time on here! We have a big problem.... Im stuck between the cowman and the RPJ 2.0 and the Cowman 2.0!! The make it or break it will be that shortness of the RPJ. Will the limited edition RPJ 2.0 also be 15mm shorter than the others?? I love the color and the black leather, but the shortness is killing me! Please try and fill me in asap!! Thank you so much and this is such an amazing product! Im stoked to be apart of something that really will change the way we think about wallets!j TGT for president! ;) - EJ Jack - I fell in love with your TGT's the moment I saw them, and I immediately pledged. I am a photographer and when I go out I have always hated to take my bulky wallet in my camera bag or in the pocket of my jacket . . .and now I will have yours which is exactly what I need. I too am presently doing a Kickstarter called Brazilian Street Diary and I could use the magic of your pledge energy, the momentum and your many terrific followers - so if you would look at what I am trying to achieve, and if you like it - you might consider helping by sharing with your friends and followers - <url>。and stone 2.0 with black leather. thx Love the wallet! I am not one of the girls that carry a big purse, I was a rubber band for my cards and money. I want to order one of your wallets when I can:) this thing is cool - best of luck with getting this started in big scale. i know ppl will bug me to tell them where i got one of those (LE stone 2.0) ... ;-P make sure you get a decent online store to get TGT out to ppl worldwide! @rami Only if you want the ltd edition versions I believe @Jack Would be super cool to see a model specifically for phones down the track, separating phone, cards & cash. It could be called 3.0. Just being cheeky ;) 4.0 would also be nice. Hey guys, So I've pledged $60 for two 2.0s. I actually want the the Stone 2.0 and RPJ 2.0 (BOTH IN BLACK LEATHER) versus the original designs. Do i need to changed my pledge? Cheers. Thanks Jack, now that I see the updated pledges it is easier to understand. Can I make a suggestion? It might be an idea to send an update to inform everyone about the recently added pledges so people can make the changes before the project ends. I've just changed my payment method but I was one of the first backers of the $55 pledge level, will I still be in the first few or will that have been changed now? If I pledge for the $60 level, can one of the wallet be the LE Stone 2.0 wallet? im in for two 2.0s....This is a great idea! I'm in need for a new wallet. Wonderful product and I'm happy to pledge to move the project forward. Also, how can I specify that I'd like the cowman 2.0? LMAO Quote "Clarification: Tasmanian because I'm moving quickly, not because I'm destroying everything in my path." @Josef I believe it's when the surveys are sent out So when do we get to select the type of tgt we want? Anyone know which pledge I need to select If I want the RPJ 2.0 with black leather, the one listed in update 4.Thanks! @Jack, first of all congrats on a soon to be successful project!! Is it possible that before you send out the surveys, can you submit a larger picture of each of the available 1.0's and 2.0's to get a better feel for the color and texture? I abandoned my wallet months ago and was using an office binder clip in hopes of finding a better solution. It's friggin' fate I stumbled upon this project with only 6 days ago. Happy to pledge! This is fantastic. I've built multiple prototype wallets for myself, most fell apart. This should be exactly what I want. MAHALO! Been using a hair elastic as a wallet for years... can't wait to upgrade! How to select the wallet I want...? In my case I would like the Stone 1.0 (this step is missing when registeriing). Great project by the way Jack !! Regards from Spain Jacobo @Tyler - I don't recall anyone mentioning anything about expectations. Apologies if this is listed but I couldn't figure it out. If I want the RPJ 2.0 with black leather which pledge do I select? Thanks! I want to get 1 2.0 and 2 1.0s but i want to choose which ones i want. Personally, anything but easter and rpg. how do i do that? Jack I'm in at the $60 level but have decided that rather than send out cash to my nephews at Xmas I'd like to send them a TGT 1.0 each! So if I pledge my amount to also inc the extra $75 plus postage for both could you sort that once sorted via the survey? I'd be ordering 2 x TGT 2.0s & 6 x TGT 1.0s in total! Daz @chris @jack That sort of order processing is something set up by the project creator and not a standard across kickstarter projects. don't expect any project to do what other projects have done. @Jack - Usually you can fund at multiple levels by changing the pledge amount (i.e. back at $16, then pledge another $16 for a total of $32 if one wanted more than one TGT 1.0). Means more work for you though, as you'd have to follow up with anyone that pledges dollar amounts instead of straight backer levels to see what they want. Side note: What does the Motor look like? I see it listed as an option for the $16 backer level, but can't find a picture. Thanks! Really pumped to get my TGT wallet and tell my buds about. Great and simplistic invention. I'm excited! I just found out about Kickstarter and think this is a fantastic idea! I never use wallets just because they're so bulky, with this I won't have trouble looking for my cards! :) Great solution! I hope you make it BIG! @tom @jack: from research i've done to circumvent the same problem, i've found kickstarter's response is for now, just create a second account and link it to your same amazon payments account as you pledge. i've done just that for another project. Keep a tight eye on the TGT project. <url>#chart-daily Hey I am interested in these fine wallets. I would like to give some as gifts but I am also interested in them selfishly as well. Specifically, I am interested in both the $60 and $75 backer reward levels. If I pledge for $135, can I get both? How should I go about this? Thanks! Hey, me too :) Sorry pal, you won't be the only one in Brazil with this wallet. ;] I'll be the only person in Brasil with this great wallet inside my pocket! Such a great idea. Congrats! Great idea, great project. Happy to be a backer,. Please check out my live project as well if you get a chance. <url>"bulk" it creates in your pocket would make the product far more safer to carry around instead of a massive wallet (making it less susceptible to pick-pocketing and other wallet related crimes!) haha! Certainly another reason to buy a TGT! I have a question about the $55 level. Is it possible to substitute different designs? For example a Cowman 2.0, a Disco Easter 1.0 and a Stone 1.0 instead of the ones that are listed (with the special one included also, of course). You said that substituting 2.0s was okay in the FAQs, but what about 1.0s? This is the first project i have backed through Kickstarter and could not be more excited! Awesome project :) I'm really looking forward to this wallet, my current one is just a mess, can't wait to replace it! One important question though: a lot of people already asked if we will get our tight wallets before christmas - my question now is if international backers will get theirs before christmas too, since shipping might take a while... I'd really like to gift one or two and spread the TGT-Love overseas ;) Regards from Germany! Love the name! Love the concept!! Congrats and best!!! Simple but a Great Idea. Good Luck, Man! -- STRALLENT @Anders Jack said that if you choose one of the "Holiday Specials" you should get them before the holidays as these are already pretty much ready to go. Love your products and is now an official backer:) It could be great to have them before the Holidays if possible? @Josiah Reckon the Tight wallet would be great for cycling, considering all that tight clothing :D BTW, just backed your two-way cam. Good luck with the campaign. Hey Jack, love the product and can't wait to receive my wallet. I've got big glutes and always have trouble with my thick wallets so this is a great solution! BTW I just launched my kickstarter project too. A two-way sports camera. Please check it out. @Dean & @Malcolm - After its funded in ~17 days Jack is supposed to send out a survey and you put your preference in there depending on your pledge amount. How exactly do i specify im interested in Americana 1.0? How do I specify I want the black leather stone 2.0? although i'm simultaneously backing projects costing 10 times the amount than what i'm backing here, i just wanted to mention that this is probably the project i'm most excited for. once you release the pics of the new stones w/ black leather i'm seriously considering going up to gold membership. this is just me hoping that sometime in the future, in the case that i up my pledge, i'd get possibly some sort of minimalistic black/graphite OR (suggestion) black/dark-gray denim 2.0. the concept is absolutely simple, but brilliant. i've resorted to just leaving my wallet in my car, which is a bad idea...because i've gotten so tired of having to stuff that wallet down in the same pocket with my pack of marlboros, because the other side of my jeans has a gigantic phone. this will solve my problems once and for all and more importantly...it'll teach me to not carry so much cash on me. awesome work jack. awesome work :) I know we have a lot of first time backers, so I thought I'd post a link so they can see how things are going. <url>#chart-daily Super cool product! Just kicked in 5 bucks to help things roll on... Waving to 150k as we cruise on by. :) also wanted to ask, the stone you're saying all $32 backers and up would be able to get...is it black leather? this is pretty important to me :) How does the Gold Membership work? As you keep adding new designs, are all the new designs included in the gold membership as well, or are only the "original" designs included? "I have material to make about 450 right now and I'm working on getting more. In the event that many are ordered, that would be incredible and I would SING and DANCE ..." I'm sure we hit the 450 mark, the Stone seems to be the most desired. So when do we get to see the video of this song and dance? My bet, the Saddle gold 2.0 with black leather is going to be a HUGE hit. ooops....Tight is awesome when I DONT want to drag my huge designer bag around :P :D So cool...I'm a proud Backer...thanks, Tight is cute enough for a girl too.....especially when I want to hang out and drag my big huge designer bag around...just carry Tight in my little posh wristlet bag and i'm good to go! Stylin' profilin' with Tight ;) Gidget London If you have time, could you post a better picture of the original Stone 2.0, so that we can get a better idea of the leather color....decisions, decisions... Thanks I'm in! Thanks Jack. A hinge to put a 1.0 and 2.0 together would be nice. :) Is there a possibility of backers, being able to get a first hand look at the 3.0? What does the "Motor" from the $16 pledge level look like? Hi Jack - I backed you ($60) some time ago but did not know we could request the Stone 2.0.. Is it too late to be put on the list? Looking forward to getting TGT. Thanks! just backed $32. so, would i be guaranteed a black leather stone 2.0? i'm hesitant of the term "limited number." out of all the options, that's really the only one i would like to have. Jack I'm itching to increase my pledge 4x, but need to see the enhancements & what about the SaddleGold? Can't wait to be a TGT wad for X-Mas -:) Just pledged $32, how can I make sure I get the stone 2.0? What does the "Motor" from the $16 pledge level look like? Once the project is funded they send out a survey and you tell them which options you want then. Just became a $32 backer. Great idea!! Can't wait. How do I specify that I would like a Stone 2.0? Sometimes the simple ideas are the best 8) I'm really excited for you! You have tons of backers but I'm a little concerned, are you going to be able to keep up with demand. I know some projects have placed limits on their rewards to ensure they can meet the deadline. I'm just excited to see the final product and don't want a huge delay due to being over capacity. Good Luck and again I'm really really excited. What a great day, over 16k was pledged yesterday. I'm hoping with the overwhelming success we get to see some new designs. I know there is interest in the Saddlegold and in the video at 09 secs. is that a black stone 2.0? Is there any way to get a RPJ 2.0 I think that would be sick!!!! Please let me know!!!! Jack, I would have bought whatever you were selling on the strength of your video alone...outstanding! If TGT doesn't workout, consider a career in video marketing... But even better is that your TGT is proof that "form follows function." Many, including me, have used the ole' broccoli band for this and similar uses...but you added 2 + 2 and got 2,071 (so far). Hoping you get enough material to get me 2 of the Stone 2.0. Good luck... This is freaking genius. Who ever needs to 52 cards, pictures and receipts in their big wallets anyway? Hoping my pledge will get me a cowman 2.0! This user's account has been deleted. Hi Jack, really excited to give the TGT to friends for Xmas, & would like to get on the list for two 2.0 in Stone. You were right Jack, you DID keep that pitch video tight. A very awesome sell pitch that tells us everything we need to know without any time wasting nonsense. love this! looking forward to replacing my old warn out wallet! INFO for all backers, After the Kickstarter is done a survey will be sent to your e-mail, where you can choose which 1.0 or 2.0 TGT you wish to receive. That is how Jack will know and track all the pledges. great product!!!! i'm in at the $32 level. how do i order the cowman or stone for my wallet? great stuff! keep it up. Just added another $60 to my previous $60 level for 2 MORE 2.0's....when my son and daughter saw what I had ordered they BOTH wanted one (and daughter is vegetarian, so the "vegan" leather option is perfect!). Let me know if there is any problem with this. Again, Congrats on the MAJOR success. Brilliant idea. Can you post more pictures of the 2.0 choices before the end of the kickstarter? I'd love to see more pictures so I can decide on which one to get. Great product though. Hey Jack, I just pledged for a Stone 2.0, please put me on the list. How can you make sure TGT will be shipped to us in December given the fact it over-exceeded your initial anticipated of backers? It would be great if we receive it by Christmas. I've pledged for other projects here at Kickstarter and some of them didn't make their Estimated Delivery due to increased backers and orders and a lot of backers weren't happy. I'm not sure if you're already working on this. Thanks! I just ordered two 2.0's put me on the list for stone. Also since the campaign is going well any word on the Saddlegold I would like to be first on the list that doesn't exist yet lol Jack I appreciate the fast work from the end of of this pledge period to delivery if you can pull it of you will be amazing. I've backed a few Kickstarters and I've learned that allot of fund raisers don't realize it takes Kickstarter about a month to deliver the cash at the end of the pledge period. It would be nice to have dor Christmas but I thought I mention this encase people are planing these as Christmas gift. Finally! Now I'll have a solution for my stuff. As a college student, it sucks sitting for hours at a time, studying and have my butt hurt because of my ballet. Hopefully this solves my problem of butt pain. Gonna love my Christmas present to myself. Hey Jack, Top stuff man, super stoked, can't wait to get mine. the video sold me. Its about to go viral in South Africa! Yes! Ruchi and Tony put you over $40k! Double trouble!!! Like all the best inventions its remarkable in its simplicity. Looking forward to seeing it take off. I've pledged for a 2.0 so please add me to the Stone 2.0 list! Genious !!! I'll buy 4 ! www.mikedomino.com Hey guys! Just Pledged! What a great idea for a wallet!!! Just wondering if the Stone 2.0's are still available?! I am looking forward to getting my hands on one of these!!!! It is going to definitely be TGT!!!!!! Any info on when they will actually going to ship? Thank you for being awesome!! What a crazy simple idea, I really like it. I pledged for a 2.0, a stone would be cool or the cow one. Great gift for my wife. I think all of her friends are going to want one after they see hers. You need to take the extra funds and get a web site up and running or sell them on Amazon. I think you are going to get trounced with orders once these are released. Again, great job and idea. Good luck with your future. Don At what amount of funding will we see your song and dance? Hi I pledged for 2 x 2.0s. I would like a stone & an Americana plz. Great product btw 8) Hello! I just pledged for a 2.0 and I would like to be on the Stone 2.0 list. Thanks! So excited for your success...and SO FAST. In for $60, would love one of the Stone 2.0 (other one has to be the Cowman). Is the leather on the Stone a different color or is that just the photo?? Congrats Jack! This project is awesome and I'd love a Cowman TGT 2.0 Great to hear ^_^ Congrats to your team... Wahoo!! Congrats Jack! TGT wallets for all :D xo Congrats on reaching the target LOVE IT! I've been using a broccoli rubber band as a wallet for a few years now. This is the perfect replacement. I'm very excited for this project. One question, is the pocket on the stone 2.0 made of something other than leather? It looks different to me than the other two it the pictures. Congrats. Looking forward to it. What a cool idea! Much smoother than just have these bricks of leather in your pocket. I pledged for a 2.0 and I also didn't find the option to choose a model. If possible I just want to have a "cowman"-model. Thanks for creating this. Best of luck Hello! I love this idea! I pledged for a 2.0, and I'm hoping to get a Stone, so I'm hoping commenting here counts for first come first serve! Hi, I pledged for a 2.0. How to I go about noting that I want the Stone version if it's still available? I didn't see any options anywhere to note it. I love my tight 2.0! ! ! Gifts all around for Christmas. Love it! This will be a hit in no time!! How many Stone 2.0s are available for the first come first serve? (fingers crossed I fall under that category!) Nice design. Really hope you reach your target looks like you put alot into the project. Although that looks like it will happen soon:) Look forward to showing off my new wallet here in the UK - If there are any Stones left when the orders are shipped that would be cool YAY I'm a backer!!! Love TGT~I think you should take this to Shark Tank as well...think about it. In the meantime, I can't wait for mine Woo Hoo!! Awesome idea! Can't wait to get mine! Love It!!! Just backed!! Hope you et the goal!! :D Hi Jack! Love the wallet. Is it possible to get a Stone or an Americana? Hey Jack, love the look of these. Out of curiosity, roughly how many cards can fit in the 1.0 and 2.0? Great idea. For a while now I've been placing my money and cards in old gum boxes that fold in half. I can't wait to get a "tight" wallet instead! Hi! For the $28 pledge - the older brother twins 1.0s - does it mean we're getting both the Americana and the Cowman or just one of either? and for the $32, if I want the limited Stone 2.0s, how do I make it happen?