The fine folks at Qore emailed me back immediately to resolve this situation. Thanks! I also have not received a shirt yet, so curious if some of the orders were still backed up? It's been 2 months now and I still haven't received my long sleeve shirt. Can somebody send me the product I purchased? Ok, nice, today i receive all things :) Thanks for fast reply, and solving problem :) Hi, today i receive my package .. finally!! (I am from Czech Republic) But, i receive only Long T-shirt, and 6x inserts. I paid 170 USD for : 60USD :1x Long Sleeve Hydration Shirt , 4x HydraQore Inserts 50USD extra: + $50 Hydration Shorts w/2x HydraQore Inserts 20USD extra: + $20 2x Extra HydraQore Inserts +40 USD for shipping, that was paid and not market on package anyway. but this is ok. SO .. i missing the shorts :((((( It has been 2 months, and I still haven't gotten any notice. Please advice. It is now August another month gone and still nothing has arrived. Did I miss a post saying arriving now 2017 or ???? Hi, I still haven't received my long sleeve yet. Can I get an update? Hi, I'm just wondering if there is any delay in the production of the long-sleeve shirts, as I haven't received mine yet. Let me know if there is an estimated timeline for delivery. It is now July and I am still waiting for my shirt can anyone explain why it has not arrived please? If I want to get a short sleeve shirt how would I go about in buying in? Would I have to pay the retail price or can I get the kickstarter price? Just got mine in the mail! it FITS GREAT!!!! How about an update? Would really like to know how it is going and see some samples at least. Though I hope it's shipping time soon :D How is it going with production? I want to change my color to blue instead of black. How can i update my survey? hi, when are you sending out the surveys for the backers? thanks :D Really excited to give this a go! Congrats on the success!! Saw that you were almost at your goal and believe that this is an awesome product so I had to push you over! Congratulations on this endeavor. @creator Any chance you can lower the shipping cost for backers from right across boarder, Canada? I figure you have quite a substantial amount of customers from here. And $20 shipping for the weight is a little high. Do you think you can explore bulk shipping and a distributor on location? That can help you plant connections to open retail stores too Tim Just added an extra $50 to get a pair of shorts! This will be great because it will be right in the heat of summer time! I add now extra 20 USD for 2x hydra core and help to get goal ! :) How visible are the packs while they are in the shirt? And will the pockets on the shirt begin to sag over time, thus, not holding the packs close to your skin? I think international shipping is crazy high :( I'm eager to try this product out! Seems like a potentially good fit for being an ice hockey goalie. Great product! I've been using your arm bands and have had immense success with them. I'm happy to donate to a good company AND get a hydration t-shirt. I select 60$ + ADD-on 50$ ;)