Hey everyone, So I know it's been a long haul here... Many of you may feel that this project would never get delivered, and if it did, how could it possibly live up to such a long delay? How could I possibly make this up to you? As you know, much of the delay has been due to me moving to So Cal, changing jobs, and having to get acclimated and settled. Well that time has come, and it's better than I had hoped. As you know I wanted more flexibility to do what I wanted with Alien Ink and these projects; to be able to make them how I would like, regardless of their funding goals. That time is here, and I've decided to make it up you all by printing this deck with the USPCC. It will cost me another 10-12k over and above the project's funding goal, but I can now do that, and it will allow me to print them with the quality and pedigree they deserve. You can look forward to this being the start of that trend with our decks. Beyond that, this projects sold nowhere close to 5k decks, which means... I'll have lots of extras to send out with your rewards in addition to what you've all pledged for, and that's exactly what I'll be doing. I hope this will go a long way to showing you all that things have changed here, and there is much more behind Alien Ink than ever before. There is much more to do, and I'll update as things progress. I would like to have these in your hands by the holidays, and you'll all know if that will be possible very soon as I dig a little deeper. I'm making this update public , as I'm sure the community outside of KS has had a few choice words about this project and A.I. in general and I want it to be clear to everyone interested in Alien Ink to know our next move to repay you all for having to wait so long. I'm much more settled, so please ask any questions you may have and I'm happy to converse. I have had a few of you ask what to do, since you have moved since the project funded, and I will send out an APB to anyone that needs their address changed right as I'm about to ship out the rewards. Thanks again for waiting, and I hope this comes across as me doing my best to make things up to you all for waiting after supporting this project when so few on KS did, and helping me realize my vision. Please let me know what you think, and also keep in mind that something along the lines of metallic ink is also on my mind so any ideas from you in that regard are welcome. Graciously yours, -Alien Ink Hey Everyone! Just wanted to let you all know that I'm still here and things are going well. Things are tapering off as I acclimate to my new job and I'm moving closer to my work soon, as well as changing my role there so I'll have more hours in my day. This means more free time to start moving this all forward finally. I wish I could design cards as career, and pay all my bills with my passion but I've got to make this job work for the moment. I think it will be good for the company in the long run to have this full-time job, as there won't be as much pressure and I can really pursue it on a personal level. I'm sorry that I had to make that transition during this project. I also wanted to let you know that the website www.alieninkcards.com is still mine, I'm simply in the process of updating it, and possibly changing style hosting providers. I'm not in any way disappearing, and you can all still reach me at any time you wish through KS. I'm very much looking forward to finally getting these printed, as I'm sure you're looking forward to getting them. That's all for now, but please know that things are getting better and moving closer to delivery, and I'm always around. You will of course be kept up to date as things change and develop closer to a quick print and ship. -Alien Ink Backers!! First of all, thanks so much for being a part of this project. We have more backers on this deck project than any in the past and it feels great to have such validation for a project concept that I've been dreaming of for so long. Thanks. We are 3 days away from the end here, and I am setting up the Backerkit for this project. I've used the service before in projects I've backed and I'm confident in how easy it will make surveys and add ons for everyone. If you've used it before you're already familiar with it, and if this is your first time, you're in for a treat. It's almost ready and I'll explain more when survey time comes around. In a recent conversation with one of my long time backers, they expressed how they like to take their time with Backerkit, and like that they can organize and add on rewards even after the project is over. If you have made add ons here already, leave them as they are, as Backerkit doesn't change a thing in that regard. If you have any questions at any time always feel free to ask. I love to help. I know you'll all enjoy the experience. I may even have some exclusive and limited rewards on the Backerkit as well as opportunities to get previous decks. I'll keep you posted. Thanks again for supporting Alien Ink by being a part of this project and and I'm happy to have you all here! Please continue to spread the word so everyone that would love the deck gets to see it before the end of the project. Thanks so much! -Alien Ink In the immortal words of Bruce Lee, I prefer to 'be like water'. Always looking for ways to improve the designs of our decks up to the moment of print, I really enjoyed the feedback I got on our last project, the Wine deck regarding the numbered cards and their design. That tradition continues here with the promised comparison between the current black indexes (numbers and letters) and the proposed blue indexes. Please vote below if you like, with a simple A or B. A is for the black indexes on the numbers of the club and spade, and B is for the blue indexes on the numbers of the club and spade. PLEASE note that index placement and size, and pip placement and size are not final. This is a quick showcase to decide coloring only. Thanks so much for taking the time to vote and I hope you enjoy having a say in the design of a deck that will travel around the world and will most likely be featured on the Roller Casino App as well!! -Alien Ink p.s. Without sounding in any way, or at all bias, I'm ridiculously partial to the blue indexes ;-) When Alien Ink launched it's first deck Galaxy Cards 1st Edition we told you that this... was only the beginning. We meant it, and in the last 2 years we've been hard at work designing, drawing, researching, printing, delivering and imagining decks that are unlike anything ever seen before in the world of cards. Just in case you missed it... Here is a quick showcase of what we've done with our pips in our first 2 years. And this... is only the beginning... Thanks for being here. Or does Art imitate Life? I think it's a bit of both. I'm always surprised by the way that my projects reach out and touch my daily life. It makes me wonder, if I made a project about purple elephants would I suddenly see them in real life? :-) This was at a bar that I went to for an open mic jam session of my friends. Very cool. I prefer the King of Clubs in the Elements deck to this though. ;-) We have 15 days left on the project. We've had surges of people and it's been a fun 15 days so far. I am on a road trip currently and I'll have some time to get a few more updates in before the end of the project hopefully coming up this week. I love that I can imagine something and if I put enough work into it, there will be amazing people like you that see the value in it and help me to make it possible. Not a day goes by that I'm not working on making Alien Ink more visible and more viable as a career for myself. These are humble beginnings, but aren't those the best? Thanks again for your support, we've clearly funded this deck, and you can look forward to more from... -Alien Ink! Add Ons I'm making standard posters available NOW as add-ons. These will be 11" x 17" paper Posters printed on a CMYK Professional Printer using high quality Matte paper to cut glare. You can choose your choice of card in the deck, including the card back. The Royalty print is also available as one of these paper posters. See below for pricing. To make things simple you can combine any reward levels together , (except limited rewards) to create your own custom pledge. If you have any questions please feel free to ask and I'm happy to help. In addition to combining rewards, you can add these amounts to your pledge to get these rewards. Paper Poster of Any Card in the Deck: $20 for 1, or $30 for 2 (+$10 Extra for Int. Shipping regardless of quantity) Paper Poster of the Royalty Print: $25 for 1, or $40 for 2 (+$10 Extra for Int. Shipping regardless of quantity) Mini Decks : $9 (+$1 Extra for Int. Shipping) Plastic Decks: $24 (+$5 Extra for Int. Shipping) Our plastic and mini decks are well known for being the best of the best. The minis are cardistry and magic ready and are slippery and durable. The plastic decks fan incredibly well and feel incredible. You won't want to stop shuffling them! Both the plastic and mini decks come with a full color tuckbox! Minis with color tucks are near impossible to find, and we have the best of the best. Minis use the same artwork as the full sized deck but I make small modifications to the sizing of the pips and numbers to they are easy to see and use. Their application in magic with the minis is infinite, and imagine the surprise when the card someone has chosen shows up shrunk to half the size, and in their pocket!! (I've done it, and it's well worth the effort) Anyone that has received a plastic or mini deck from us in the past please feel free to comment here with your experience with them, and if anyone has any questions please ask away. I will have an update soon with the numbers and letters, (values) of the deck in red and blue as opposed to its current red and black. We can then put it to a vote. I'm happy to see the project still gradually getting closer to the funding goal, and as always it is incredibly helpful if you can push the like button on the project and share the link on your facebook to help show others the amazing deck you're supporting! Thanks so much everyone, I hope the start of your week was amazing and I'm always here if you need me! Let's keep getting the word out about the project! -Jeremiah You're not here for an Elements deck because this deck is like all the rest. You're here because Alien Ink breaks tradition. We DEFY it. We recognize the value of tradition, but it does not define us like it does so many others. Complexity for the sake of complexity is cyclical, and that just means you're going to go in circles forever. That's just not my thing. From the moment Alien Ink made its first deck it was designed to take you somewhere you had never been, and show you something you had never seen. That's why you're here, and that's why we'll never stop doing what we do. We polarized the playing card community the moment we arrived, becoming both famous and infamous in the same moment. To many people the idea of breaking tradition is terrifying and many people will walk away from the opportunity to experience something new in favor of something familiar and comforting. Let them have it. But that's not you is it? It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. Thank you for being here. You do more for the world of playing cards and its future by supporting new and creative ideas than by supporting those that refuse to break tradition and ask you to walk the same path every time. I'm sure you've pledged for many decks, but it takes a certain kind of person to include Alien Ink in their collection, and I'm proud to know every single one of you. We don't walk paths, we forge them. Sumo wrestling is steeped in tradition. Check out the link below and watch some of the best Sumo wrestling you will ever see, by a man that refuses to play the game the way it has been played for all time before him. And watch him win with style. Watch him dominate like no one before him. Tradition is a shackle, and when you break free and don't let anything slow you down... The universe is your playground. SHATTER TRADITION -Alien Ink Hi! Thanks for checking us out and being a part of this project. It is very close to my heart, and I've been a bit more nervous than usual pushing that 'launch' button for the project. I appreciate everyone here. This is a 30 day project and slow and steady wins the race, but I truly appreciate you coming out early to show your support. Sharing the project is extremely helpful. Our project was mentioned on the Games of Berkeley facebook page, and their twitter and maybe a few of you saw it and found your way here that way! So please if you haven't already, click that 'share' button under the video on the project and help us get the word out. Thanks so much!! -Jeremiah