Another year. Another regret for backing this. Wish I could get my money back ;( Never forgive, never forget. I like to check back here a few times a year when I'm feeling vengeful. Aside from a news article a year ago about how no new news on this project has appeared since 2013, still no updates. I'm starting to think that maybe this game isn't going to be finished. Also, Studio Nasu's twitter was active back in January, so this dude's still around. Oh well! For those wondering, I heard that Otakon was/is suing this guy. Not going to mean much in the way of refunds, but after a few years? I suppose things like this take time. Seriously... what the hell happened... nothing... no comments, no refunds. It's got Otakcons name all over it, and nothing has happened. Thats a nasty black mark on the convention :( Everyone at least should get a refund. I'd completely forgotten about this thing until now. What the hell happened? Could I get my $2 back? At this point I don't care about getting a refund. If at the very least the creator would have the common courtesy to issue a public apology that's good enough. As a friend, I'm still very disappointed. Anyone ever see the creator again or is he still in hiding? No more info on this one? Another dead dream I guess. Sooo anyone got their money back? lol Wow. Kyle Hebert got swindled. I only pledged a dollar, but I feel like I wasted a hundred. I will never forget or forgive. Last comment was last year and it seems to be fully forgotten and even the creator has protected their Twitter account and gone in secret for this year (2016).. rip Crisis Heart Brawlers on Kotaku Here is this for you guys ^^ enjoy: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 @cards344 He probably split the cash with them. I tweeted to him wanting answers and he deleted it. Otakon informed me that they never said there legal team was going to get involved. Tweeted Otakon -- maybe they will give some info! <url>"Crowdfunding projects that never delivered" facebook group. We are trying to gather as many backers as possible, so we can look at options at what we can do to get our money back and stop this from happening again. <url>"that guy" but they are legally obligated to either give us the game we paid for, or refund us. As per the kickstarter FAQ below "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." *here's the link that was in that <url>"unforeseeable circumstances" - especially when death and health related issues are involved. However, the part about saying they really needed $250,000 to do the game that you really wanted...well, then all of this needs to be communicated in this section update section. As of right now, I have not heard or read anything about any seeing a playable game at a convention. It really is sad though. As I said, I met him and have played his studio's demos before at conventions. This would have been something great for the anime industry and indie games. Supposedly he has been showing up to other conventions showing off the game, did anyone see him at Katsucon? Yeah, we, and Otakon itself by extension, were duped, and made to look like a bunch of suckers in this situation. The fact that there is nothing in the ToS forcing failed projects to refund monies is BS. How does this reflect on the voice artists who were supposed to work on this? On the composer making the soundtrack? On the members of Otakorp who agreed to lend their event's name to this? While I would be quite understanding if we were at least getting regular updates, and if the websites for the game & for Studio Nasu hadn't both vanished into thin air...it is fairly obvious at this point that they either ran out of $ as claimed & had severely underestimated the expense, or (more likely) since no work outside of some animatics & some mock screenshots has ever surfaced, they took the $33K and ran, I am torn on wanting a refund of my $55... as much as I could use the money back, I hear you have to go through Amazon Payments for that, and I don't know if it is worth the hassle...I think I might just chalk this up to "lesson learned," and move on. Crisis Heart Brawlers, and Studio Nasu, are dead. Look at the date on that email... June. We haven't gotten anything in terms of contact from Nasu via Kickstarter since August. We've been duped. Was cruising around the internet, looking for info when I found this on the Otakon boards, supposedly from Dave himself in an email to a backer. "We're 2 months past our initial reward delivery goal! ^^;; Yes, that's been stressing me out big time. This is primarily the result of losing our lead animation producer (Rusty Mills) to cancer and lead character designer/animator (Robert DeJesus) to family-related health issues. Normally, I'd be the one handling the updates and social media, but I've been so frantic to keep the animation assets coming down the pipe and constant with our original work that I'm literally drawing frames day and night. I think you'll be pleased with the end results, some of which will be unveiled very soon. " Here is the site address if you want to check it out: <url>"we F'd up!." and show what they did get done. I mean...Primer Labs did that with Code Hero...but then they started raising money amongst themselves to get their pledge rewards shipped and taking in volunteer work to get the game built. Otakon's Twitter said they hope to have some sort of update about that soon, though I'm not sure what that really means. everyone seems to be mum about everything. I have a feeling they bit off more than they could chew and they just don't wanna own up to it. Why have there been no updates since Otakon? Where is the game? Is it ever coming out and when and, if not, why is it never coming out? Can we all get our money back? I'm pretty sure it doesn't work that way. And I would be a little disappointed if it did. This is supposed to be more of an investment/donation system than a pre-order device. And sometimes those don't work out. So long as there was a legitimate attempt to make it work, failure is part of the risk. But Studio Nasu should be doing a better job of keeping us updated, and if they have reached a point where they do not have the resources to complete the project, they should just come clean about it. Id like a refund please. Anybody learn anything at MagFest? They apparently had a panel going. I am disappointed. Most of the other games I have backed have provided weekly updates. I can understand the software being late, I know that happens. But that they are not providing feedback... Ah nope jack I have not got my copy yet and I pledged towards a physical copy Did anybody get a copy of this game? 233 backers pledged 15 dollars each. I hope to hear something about the project, soon. Even just a little update would be reassuring. I heard Studio Nasu is supposed to be at Magfest and some people are going to try and find out whats going on when they go there. Same here Vincent because right now this project is looking like a big flop Ok, now I'm getting a little worried. Otakon Vegas is less than a week away, and we still haven't gotten a major update since Otakon 20. Please let us know of anything that's going on with the game before then. Well, since we could use some time to take our minds off the painful waiting, Here's another anime project that just started today. And just in time for the holidays! It's a new short film called "Santa Company", by Kenji Itoso, who had worked with Hayao Miyazaki and the late Satoshi Kon. <url>"we tried...we failed...") studio nasu I have a question when will the website be back up also when will we get updates because I am getting worried about this project becoming like the doom that came to atlantic city project which a lot of people got screwed over I backed up to the 'You –As an Assist Striker!' reward and still havent heard anything. Any idea when you will send out surveys to those that backed to be in the game? whats going on? i havent heard anything from this kickstarter in months Any updates you can offer us? Otakon has long passed and there's not been any backer updates in forever. I've noticed the same. Hope things are still going! Also, the game's website has been down (or "unavailable") for a few days. Has something happened? Or is it being worked on as we speak? Just wondering. Ah studio nasu I have a question when are the surveys going to be sent out also when are we going to get the game because it has blown past otakon and it is still not have been released so I am getting worried Got to admit the party was pretty disappointing, it was supposed to start at 8 and we basically just sat around doing nothing till finally getting to see the game at almost 9:30 and what i sough was just improved graphics from the same demo a year ago, no new levels, and no new enemies. This game better end up being great, im willing to give this another year, because i really want this to happen, but im starting to loose my patience. Is there any word? The silence has been most concerning. Hey, hope the game is doing well. With less than two weeks till the con, I'm getting a little worried. Especially with the parties and the chat and everything. Don't mean to rush or anything. It's just that it's getting closer to the main event. Also, I think you have a few more backers who need access in the forums. Add them when you can, ok? did the digital copy release date get pushed back.. i haven't received anything yet. Hi, can I be added on the backers forum? I joined the forum but still waiting for backer status. @cards344 - I haven't. Last time I checked Studio Nasu is still busy with animations for the game and appearances to conventions like this week's TMG. Hopefully, we'll get some word on the strikers/cameos, betas, and other stuff soon. @Studio Nasu - Don't forget to check the game's forums because you got a few more backers wanting access to the backer forums. Also, I just saw the Otakon website and it mention that Todd Haberkorn will appear "with support from Studio Nasu". Guess that's related to this game, huh? ;) Has anyone gotten an email about the assist strikers or cameos yet? With less then 2 months to go im getting a little concerned. I like to know more about the Release Party too. This site says that the party will be on the Thursday before the con (along with the con's Matsuri and the Pre-reg line). Hope it won't be too far from the Convention Center. I have a feeling information about the Release Party won't be out until late July, but I like to plan ahead. Very excited! Just to let you know to check the game's forum site. Another backer has just signed up there and would like to be added to the backer forums. Thanks. Sorry, didn't realize that you might have meant that the cameo/striker stuff will be dealt with once the core game is done and in the testing phase (and probably during the testing phase). I hope that the core game will be well done and enjoyable. Again, thanks for the recent update. We're doing our best to hang in there till further notice. ^_^ Thanks for the updage. By "Additional animations and cameos can be added while that's occurring," did you mean that you've already received some of the backers' cameo/striker ideas? Because of us might not have known this and haven't sent you our sketches or whatever yet. Or are you just saving that for whenever you get the cameo surveys ready? I hope it's the later because again some of us might not have know that we were supposed to give out our information at the time. But thanks again for the update and everything. Hope it turns out great. H studio nasu I got a question ah when are the beta coming out for the game if you don't mind me asking because with how it is looking right now you probably are shipping the physical at the same time with the official release Has the surveys been sent out? I did not receive anything in my email inbox. Studio nasu I have a question I am trying to log on the crisis heart brawlers forum and it says I put the wrong pass word and I try to change it but when I do enter my email to change it is says this email does not exist so am I suppose to resign up again Any news? Or at least something to tell us that the project is still underway? (See the "Questions on Assist/Cameo Appearance" backer forum for more info.) This is from what I've found out so far from the backer forums: "Anything you need to communicate what you have in mind. As long as it doesn't blow away our time frames/budget and fits within the game constraints, we'll do our best to get it in. An example of what may not work: a 40 frame dance animation, or art that would fill the entire screen (such as a giant mecha)." Hopefully, we'll find out the rest of the details ASAP. So will we be getting information about what we can and cant do as Assist Strikers soon? Was getting worried this one wasn't coming. Glad to see things are working out steadily! More than glad actually, can't wait to play! Any idea when backer surveys will be sent out? So, hows the game coming? So we don't have to worry about sending in any pictures or anything about the assist strikers until we get the word from you? (At least until you get the basic mechanics and striker functions done?) So for those that pledged to be an assist striker, what kind of options do we have for are character? What can we do and to what extent? well i didnt have enough to be a bad guy, but at less i am able to be a supporting character, which is AWESOMELY badass....foo YAY!!!!!!!!! So awesome!!!!!!!!!!!! " Successful! 168% funded $33,642 pledged Funded Sep 22, 2012" Can't wait until the game comes out in April of 2013 for the Backers!!!! Congrats to everyone had supported this game! Let's hope it turns out to be a big hit! ^_^ woot! OMG! I pledged money and now I can comment here! This is awesome! *High fives Brittany* ^^ Only 7 hours left to go! The livechat sounds like a fun way to get some questions answered and the countdown sounds fun too. Can't wait. :3 Just wanted to say it's been a blast watching the progress cant wait for the game :) WE DID IT ^~^ Awesome that the current pledged total amount as of 3:40 PM EDT, Friday September 21, 2012 is $26,270. Would be even more awesome if the pledge amount either reaches or exceeds $30,000 by September 22 at 8 PM EDT!!! Looks like this is another great Kickstarter funded game. Looking forward to playing it in March 2013. I also hope you make it to $30,000 Let's shoot for $30,000! Is there any way to add extra items with a hardcopy CE or UE backing, like an extra copy of the artbook? Also, do the Collector's and Ultimate hardcopies include the art/music/video disc from the regular hardcopy? I think that the person who broke the goal must be the one who got the "You: as an enemy!" ($2500) perk. I remember when it went over $19,000, I posted a comment with that "Kid Icarus" music to set the mood for the final thousand needed for the fundraiser. Then around a minute later, I saw the pledge just went over $20,000 (or $21,000 ?) and was like "WHAAAT?!" Then I found out that someone had gotten that $2500 perk. Again, that's my guest on who broke the goal line. But I could be wrong. Hope it helps. hehe Guess I'm going to go foraging in the library to dig for an Awesome Present from one of our guests! Dave, you'll have to let me know whose donation put us over the top.... Just pledged $70.00, so happy this game is going to be funded with $24,861 as of 8:20 PM EDT, Thursday, September 20, 2012. Two ideas for stretch goals: 1. Make the game 5-7 levels long. 2. A Horde mode were we fight never ending waves of enemies on the Baltimore Conventions Skywalk. Sold my 40k Grey Knight Army just in time to get money to be an assist striker. Liked my Chaos Daemon army more anyway.. Thanks for making this happen everyone! Check out the developer forum for exclusive screens and animations. Maybe your avatar could be a dancer on stage in the Rave. YAY! Goal exceeded! *does super happy dance* Dear Dave, I want my character to throw fire. And maybe little flaming social media icons. That would make me happy ;) Love, Jen *High fives Duelit* Thanks, Duelit! Glad that the fundraiser is a success. But we probably should keep going if we wanna make the game even better: like having releases for more consoles. Plus, I'm sure more people would like to try the game before its official con release. ^_^ But yeah, next year's Otakon is gonna have a great addition to its lineup. Just backed the project! Congrats on going over the goal~! hope you do some awesome stuff with the remaining money. Surprise us ~! CONGRATS ALL :3 *High fives Vincent* This is so exciting! It finally begins!!! I'm sure we'll get more over the next 70 hours, but this is great! We're official! ^_^ Aaah! That was fast! But we actually did it! Congrats everybody! XD Sorry, got too excited with the typing: wanted to say "I've dug up this nice piece of music..." But still, keep it up everyone! Holy cosplayers, Batman! We've made it past $19,000! Just less than $1,000 to go. To commemorate this occasion, I've dug up nice piece pf music from "Kid Icarus Uprising" to set the mood: <url>"LittleKuriboh" Billany has made a video promoting this, I think it'll actually make it now! Seeing that Jake Kaufman (the guy behind the music for games like Shantae and the Mighty games) is going to be composing music for this project instantly validated my decision to back this. At least I know that the music is going to be awesome! It looks like a whole bunch of really talented people are going to be getting together to make something really special here, so I didn't feel bad about throwing down 15 bucks for this. Good luck to everyone on the development team! @Studio Nasu: Understood, and thank you for addressing this in such a timely fashion. It's a delight to see a project like this so near to getting off the ground. With such a wealth of talent invested I'm eager to see the work in motion. From earlier comments it sounds as though we should register on the development site with whatever name we have on Kickstarter to access the reward area? Is that to imply that backer names will appear as such in the credits as well? Wow! Less than 72 hours (3 days) to go, and we're only down by less than $2,000. With the rate this is going, we might actually get this sucker going after all. ^_^ You're not alone, Ms. Berg. I love Otakon too. Glad you were able to join us in the nick of time. Really wanted to back this because I love Otakon! :D I just happened to be browsing the facebook page and saw some stuff about it. I totally forgot it was a kickstarter! Let's reach the goal and make history! So those that chose, You In The Game, do we get to show up in the background of more than 1 level? Almost there! I see a ton of Facebook like's so I can only hope that some of them get in on this last minute. To think we've made it this far in a month and a half is amazing. :D Can't wait for the next few months of development too. We got this Chibi Cow! :3 Yay! XD Thanks, Nasu-san. I was able to log onto the forum with my info and managed to see the backer forums (which didn't appear whenever I was logged out.) Hope to help with the forums and everything. ^_^ Also, that's great that we'll be able to controllers as well as our keyboards for this game. I usually use my keyboards, but I might get a controller later on. Will the game be playable using an external controller? I have a playstation controller I like to use when playing computer games. Also, if I accidentally made a mistake on either of them when I register, can I just try to type them again before I get my password? Ok. So I'll just use my username "Vincent Fabbri" as my username on there. Thanks again. Hope to get confirmed. ^_^ Cool. Then I guess I should wait about a day or so before I register onto there so that you guys can gather our info, right? But again, no prob. Glad to be a part of Otakon history. ^_^ Thanks Nasu-san. Good to know that you'll be helping the striker backers with their abilities. Even those who are probably not sure with what their strikers should do. Well I kinda thought that the characters should appear up to PG (or maybe E10+ in game standards?). Considering that most of the classic beat 'em up games we've grown up with are like that. And that's great that you can fit stuff for the sake of parody. (Yeah, I loved that clip. Just thought I'd use that as an example in case anybody plans on using logos like Pokemon or Hello Kitty or whatever in their appearances.) Glad to hear about the original strikers too. I sense some more familiar faces. But that's just me. hehe And that's awesome that you guys got the game's official site up and running. Where do we give you our usernames and email addresses so that we can access the game's forums? And are our usernames what showing on our comments on here? Sorry, I only know so much about this Kickstarter stuff. hehe XP Good luck again, everyone! ^_^ Man, that Strikers option looks sweet...wish I could scrabble up the money in time. ;_; Sweet! Already past the 3/4 way point and near the 4/5 one. And with the addition of more assist strikers, our game's heroes are gonna be getting all the help they can get. ^_^ By the way, the Ultimate Edition also includes access to the locked forums and all of the other awards in the Collector's Edition Hard Copy, right? And there's also my question about the assist characters a few days back (if it wasn't answered already). Just thought I'd squeeze in a few more questions before it's too late. But anyway, with just a few days to go, this is gonna be a real nail-biter. But it looks like us Otakon vets are coming together rather nicely for the fundraiser's final battle. ^_^ Well i take it back, if this keeps up its definitely going to happen, i was afraid that with the way it seemed to stall for so long that this wasnt going to get backed, but it looks like im going to be wrong thankfully. Will you be selling any pysical copies of the game at Otakon? And if so will their be any collectors editions. Does the $75 party reward include the game? The beta testing and developers forum, too? It doesn't say, and I'd like to change my selection if it doesn't. Dave, I'm adding a personal gift here to the fan that puts us over the $20k limit -- I will give them something from my personal collection. Something that was given to me by a guest of the con. I'm not sure what yet (I will probably put together a few options) but it may be an animation cel, a sketch, a signed DVD or CD, or something like that. You'll have to put me in touch with the appropriate person when the time comes. :) I expect great things! I will do what I can to support this project. It looks like you are getting closer to the goal, so I think Jordan Polak's concern may be unfounded. 1()1$ If Piro 45|<5 for L337 5|_|pp()r7 \/\/h() 4/\/\ ! 7() r3f|_|53 Thank Mega Tokyo for my support :P So if your goal isnt met, will you be willing to try again later? Maybe next time set the kickstarter for 60 days rather than 30 and i think people that are in the game should be able to go to the party without having to pay extra. Thanks, Duelit. As for the Assist Striker, will the special moves that the strikers have be decided through the forums or whatever? And if we decide to give pictures of our original characters to be used in the game, will there be need for some alterations if there is some suggestive material, like pictures of copyrighted characters? Like change the pictures into something that looks like the characters, but isn't. (Example: The following clip from "Austin Powers: Goldmember" <url>"Dissidia Final Fantasy" game. Good to know that we'll see some more characters in the game. Plus, it's nice to hear more of that Eyeshine song from the teaser trailer. I think it's the same song, but with lyrics, right? But anyway, keep on pluggin' away, guys! ^_^ Sweet half way there :) and no to the twitter, but I will share on my facebook for sure. Thanks Nasu-san. ^_^ Don't forget about the rest of us now. hehe Good to know about the next update that's coming. Earlier this past week felt like a ghost town with fewer people giving for the game. But now, it looks like it's coming back around. You can always post info about this on your facebook and twitter accounts. You can also pass on information about this to people on your facebook friend's lists who you know or think might be interested. Even try some of the video game reviewers you "like" on there. Not sure if the new NeoToonami will also be able to show the trailer for the game during their commercial breaks. But I thought I'd bring that up too. Almost to the half-way point, people! XD Vincent: Thanks for tuning in! I'm so psyched for this! I wonder, if there was an update that showed off a bit gameplay as is, I bet it would be in the news for ANN and other anime sites. I know there are more people out there that would contribute, but how do we get the word out to other fans? The Otakon forums are quiet now that the recent con is over, but how to inform those who would appreciate a project like this? I hope something like this gets posted! :3 oh boo it droped I swear it said a little more then 9000 after I was added oh well : l Not quite, Brittany. But close. ^_^ Also, glad you could join us Duelit...and as the 100th backer too. Thanks for starting the game's forum on the Otakon website. (Yeah, I know you posted on here like a week ago. But I still wanted to say that.) Again, I hope this project will go well. ^_^ It's over 9000!! hehe I just wanted to say that :) I just upgraded from the collector's edition physical copy to the pre-Otakon party. Will I still get the collector's edition physical copy? I'm new to Kickstarter so sorry if this question was answered before. hey, sorry, just found the flyer 5 min ago. here's 75, might donate more if i get more money in the future. if the Zeldamotion - A Link to the Past Animated Series Kickstarter doesn't pan out i will because i have put in a lot for it. 6 days left and only a third of the way there. i so want to see that funded. 100th backer! I woke up and saw it at 99, so jumped on that. Still saving up for the Party Edition though, it looks so amazing! Me and my friend are totally hyped for the party. Might get another reward if I can manage it. There's still a month left to go. :3 Good thinkin'. ;) Thanks again. Good to know what DRM-free means. Especially since we can make multiple copies of the game if we need to. ^_^ Hope you won't turn away anybody who wants to attend the party after their limits have been made. At least not those who have paid for something else and have enough for the party reward. (Like the "MORE for You" and party reward combo I mentioned earlier.) Cool. What do you mean by "DRM-Free"? But it's great to hear the updates on the Party rewards. Especially since people can now get their own tickets without having to pay for the extra stuff (the hard-copy Ultimate Edition and the extra badge). But would it still be possible to transfer some of our donations to the other stuff? Like, for example, if we paid for the "MORE of You" ($345) tier and we also like to do the special $200 party pack (with Ultimate Edition and 2 party badges), can we transfer the $45 for the Collector's Edition part of the "MORE of You" reward and have it for the party pack (including the hard copy Ultimate Edition upgrade)? (Basically paying a total of around $500.) Think you can make a You-In the Game were we can go to the party thats less than $500? That's good that the Ultimate Edition is a hard copy. Since it would be great to have digital AND physical (disc) copies of the game and the soundtrack. (It does include all previous rewards, right?) Sorry for you bombarding with questions. Just wanted to know for sure what we're donating for. And the Ultimate Edition includes the Collector's Edition Hard Copy reward or just the regular Collector's Edition reward? (Same question goes for my "MORE of you - in the game!" reward.) I noticed you added a new reward tier: "MORE of you - in the game!" (for $345). Is that basically the same as the regular "You - in the game!" rewards, but with the Collector's Edition of the game? (And I also noticed you added 5 more openings for the regular reward.) Congrats on breaking the $5,000 mark. Less than 3/4 the way to go! ^_^ Of course it would be substantial, but for some, also a literal dream come true. I can see that course of action potentially causing a disconnect for everyone else who would play the game but couldn't afford that pledge level. Playing as a random person as opposed to the Otakon mascots or any of the other established figures associated with the fandom might just seem too out of place. ....the obvious follow up to that is: was there a reason you didn't offer the aforementioned as one of the rewards? I think it would be cool if you introduced a level that could get you in the game as a protagonist, limited to one or two backers of course; I'm sure you'd have takers... *hint hint* So if i choose You-In the Game, do i not get the party edition? Oh never mind. The backer number of my previous reward has reset. So I guess that means I only have the newer reward for my newer pledge. You said that you can work with us to get exactly what we want. Does that mean we can combine elements from more than one reward for a reasonable price or something? Anyway, not bad for the fundraiser's first night. Hope we do well for the rest of the period. Let's make this game a classic. ^_^ I changed my pledge and my reward, but I think I"m still listed as a backer for my original reward. Was I supposed to cancel the first pledge before I made my second one? Would there be a way to do two rewards at the same time? Can't wait to see where this goes Cool. Just wondering since I think that sounds cool. Though it would still be nice to have my own copy/copies of the game. We'll just see how this fundraiser goes. ^_^ And the cameo, can you even have yourself in a special cosplay costume? Cool. Thanks. The "Ultimate Edition" includes all of the stuff in the Collector's Edition, right? Including all of the previous rewards? And the "Party Edition" has all the stuff for the "Ultimate Edition" too? Hey. Just wondering if I could change my pledge and prize later on. And if so, Does the "You - in the game" prize include any edition of the game? Or is it just the onscreen cameo? Anyway, hope this game plays well. Otakon will never be the same again :) Woohoo! First. heh.