I know this is unusual, and most Kickstarter users prefer to read their messages on kickstarter, but it's a request from Geoff that you head to the blog to see the message. <url>"far" zombie proxy models. They will stay dead as a ragdoll should. - Zombies now have randomized clothing. Some clothing and gear now changes the way you have to deal with a zombie. - Major improvements to zombies after death. Zombie corpses are much less CPU intensive. Zombies now use about half the computation they used to when pathing about. - Zombies have loads of new animations, including multiple new walk styles and death animations. - Found the root cause of that weird zombie twitch when walking. That is now fixed, for the most part. - Fixed a bug where zombies sometimes did not stay dead after being killed. The correct kind of dead. - Zombies can no longer come back to life after leaving the area and coming back - Zombie corpses now go away after about 120 seconds. We will adjust this later, and we are still looking into various things regarding zombie corpses, such as infection risk, looting, and moving them about. - Zombies are a little more dramatic and generally turn towards you before they go after you. They feel a bit more natural now. - Fixed a bug where zombies were commonly getting hung up on corners. - Fixed a bug where you could 'kite' zombies backwards and they would never hit you. They're a bit more agressive now. - Reminder: Zombies can only be damage by getting hit in the head. All other locations are ignored. Knockback is still dealt, but no damage is dealt, unless it's the head. Inventory: - Huge improvements to inventory tooltips. Tons more information on items. Some items will say "0%", the tooltip just isn't hooked up for that specific attribute yet. - Tooltips can now be found on items when you look at them in the world - Option added to disable world tooltips entirely for more immersion, if that's your thing (found under Gameplay Settings) - Option to make world tooltips complex or simple (requires them to be enabled first!) - Right click on items in the inventory to bring up a context menu for that specific item. You can drop items from here, or eat a food item. - Item quality levels now properly display, but most items currently don't randomize item quality just yet. - Durability is in place for items, but it doesn't go down just yet. - Defense now properly reduces damage taken. - Defense now shows up in the stat organs and is explained there. Read the tooltips! - Many fixes to the way some items are held, including bug fixes on many items that weren't being held properly - Items can no longer be able to be stepped on by NPCs, Zombies, or the Survivor. You should walk right over them, but they should still have physics and be interactable. This makes navigation quite a bit less messy around piles of junk. - Stat Organs have been generally improved. - Stat organs are now black-themed instead of white-themed, more befitting of the theme of the other UI elements. - Improved grungey look of the inventory and stats. - About a dozen inventory items have received artwork and inventory icon artwork. - Tons of items now have proper inventory grid size, inventory icons, and world meshes World: - There is now a basic water volume in Kaizer Lake (the South, large lake), but you still can't swim or drown just yet. - A day-night cycle has been added. It is on a fairly fast cycle. 1 in-game day = about 1 hour. Night time will be darker in the future, along with more lighting improvements planned. - Many buildings have been added around Pepper Valley's south areas, but the majority of them are outside our containment zone for the time being. These buildings are placed on what we call a "Lot pass," which simply dictates where we plan to put things. This means leveling of terrain is not present in these areas and the structures are not intended for actual gameplay yet. KNOWN ISSUES: - Some animations are still missing, such as reload animations, some idle, and some melee animations, or weapons use the wrong animation. Feel free to report specific cases where these are missing. - Melee is a bit finnicky, and definitely will be getting some more love in the future. - Multiplayer is still a bit rough. The best (or at least, more bugless) experience will still be found in solo mode. That said, MP is much better than it was in Update 2. - Lots of other obvious stuff that Mathas can make at least 3 more videos worth of content with. - There may be some issues saving and loading graphics and audio settings, as well as your survivor inventory. These will be addressed. Thanks to all the survivors who reported these issues. The majority of issues fixed in this patch were reported by the community. :) Please continue to report issues in our bug report forum so we can track them and fix them; <url>"free time," I've also been getting the vlog ready, which requires a lot of audio and footage to get, all while still coding and testing in order to wrap up this build. We'll launch it the very moment it's ready. Back to you, Howell. Something Out There Out there, somewhere, or multiple somewheres, some places have been set up in Pepper Valley. Not finished, some new areas to explore have been created. As of this Weekly Dead, we aren't going to show it for now (Geoff wouldn't let me), and we will let you check it out when you get your hands on the update. We hope you enjoy it. Things Grant Did Done Grant's been creating some new first person animations and idles for the survivor, to better work with our new UE4 rig, and in general, to make things look right. Here's a quick glance at those improvements. Ignore the fingers, we're still tidying up weights from the Unity-to-UE4 rig transfer. That's all we've got to talk about this week. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! This week we are finally in the clean up phase of this update, tidying up code so that everyone can play together with all the new goodies and properly working inventory and network code. Aside from that though, we'll take a look at a a few other things that were made this week. XP Bar We've implemented an XP bar for our experience and leveling systems. Don't worry, it's not invasive as you can see here. Right now it's very rudimentary and has no true benefit, nor does it save, persisting only for a single session. Currently the level cap is 30, but good luck getting there. In fact, we'd love to see a screenshot of you reaching level 30 legitimately after update 3 is released. So far, zombies and animals give XP, but other players don't. Good luck! The Menu One evening recently, while Geoff was bored, he completely remade the main menu screen. Now it's amazing. Your survivor will be visible on the main screen, and it... Well, you might as well just see for yourself. Video games got boring, so I decided to make the menu move around some. @thedeadlinger A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on Sep 17, 2015 at 10:07pm PDT Like I said, that menu looks amazing now. The final bit of work that wasn't finishing up the network code, was Geoff, Kate, and Mike doing a lot pass on Pepper Valley, planning out where more buildings will go. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors and welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead. There is not too much to show this week, but that just means a lot of back end work. Multiplayer and Networking Multiplayer has been a major issue in the game, as it is a major feature of the game and it isn't working properly. Over the past weeks we've been working hard at it, even working over the 3 day weekend to try different blueprints to get the client and the server to match up perfectly, so that playing on someone else's server online feels just like playing singleplayer. We've made good progress here, such as the various states of zombies matching between client and server. In the case below, death state. Dead zombies stay dead, for everybody. Always. And getting the client and the server to see each other wearing clothes accurately along with some work on getting clothing to not clip with other clothing and the survivor. Along with tooltips working properly for clients, and loads of other client-side stuff. Really, so much work this week went into the networking and multiplayer code that there is pretty much nothing else to talk about. But that's the point of this update after all, getting multiplayer working as smooth and perfectly as possible, and we're getting closer to that goal. That wraps up this week's Weekly Dead. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors, this week has so much...stuff, I can't really put it all into categories. This Weekly Dead will probably be a little messy, but we have TONS to show. Video Let's start with the mini-mini-devlog Geoff posted recently. <url>"outfit" system for Zombies. Uh, here's some Riot Zombies. @thedeadlinger pic.twitter.com/i8LvgM3Vrd — Zag (@geoffkeene) August 30, 2015 In obvious news, riot helmets are good at protecting the head. They can even stop lower caliber bullets. Oh, is that zombie wearing a riot helmet? Good luck! Survivor Clothing Here are some nice shots of survivors in clothing! Well, it isn't just that. Geoff has been going through all of the items and getting their meshes and on-survivor appearances sorted out after the move from unity. Here we have a cowboy bandit police officer, or this image is just showing all the head slots being used by each of the items. Here is a stylish wizard riot officer wearing a gas mask. Now this is showing full masks working on the survivor. This is a glorious shot of a man ready for anything the apocalypse may throw at him. Truly inspiring, I might just make this my desktop background. Since we are talking about clothing, we might as well bring this up. Due to extensive loot work, a lot of items now look like the item they are meant to be, and you can no longer get tripped up on them due to a new collision layer being made for loot like the clothing in the picture. Tool Tips The team has been working on tool tips and the action menu for the inventory. The action menu looks as follows. Onto the tool tips, they show now when you look at items on the floor. There are 2 flavors for this as well. The simple tool tips which are on by default. If that is not enough information for you, you can turn on complex tool tips (pictured below) in the options menu. And if all of that is too much, you can always turn off tool tips entirely. Ragdoll Physics We've started to include something people have always wanted. Ragdoll on zombies. I can't not laugh at this every single time. @thedeadlinger #ragdoll A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on Aug 31, 2015 at 3:27pm PDT The zombie's death animation blends into this ragdoll to produce an effect similar to this... That shooting is courtesy of Geoff's jittery hands. It's also good to note that now zombies react to where you hit them. Shoot them in the shoulder and their shoulder will fly back, then you will curse your terrible aim and take another shot. Non Zombie AI What does that mean? Well there are plenty of things in (or will be in) The Dead Linger with AI that aren't zombies. Like animals. Today on @thedeadlinger : Turning rabbits into cubes. pic.twitter.com/AZ8gB9eqcU — Zag (@geoffkeene) September 2, 2015 It is interesting to note that this time around, rabbits will have different AI than Deer. This was not true in the Unity version. Oh, and there is also this chap, following a simple "Move To" command. This is very basic, and probably won't be in update 3, but it lays the foundation for AI survivors. AI survivors will come in 3 flavors. "Friendly" "Neutral" and "Fuck you and everything you stand for". That almost wraps up this week's weekly dead, except for this part about pain effects. The screen flashes red when hit, but only for a second, unless you are being hit repeatedly. The above image is what your screen looks like when your health is low. As always, be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors and welcome to The Weekly Dead. This week we, ah you guys know how the Weekly Dead works, let's just jump right in! Inventory Refactor Still on that huge inventory refactor we've been doing, reorganizing how items look and feel inside the inventory and how you interact with them, getting all of that wrapped up. This week we've worked extensively on adding attributes to loot items including defense, speed, infection risk reduction, fire resistance, and things like that. We've also added tool tips to the items, with all these attributes visible. Armor deals with durability differently than weapons, so you'll see much higher durability ratings on armor and clothing than weapons. Multiplayer We also have been doing a lot of work under the hood on multiplayer. Specifically things like door physics working correctly cross network, picking up and interacting with objects, and general consistency between client and host. Basically trying to get all the survivors on the same page all the time. Scenery We've got a lot of cool pictures to show off that I just don't know how to categorize otherwise. First off, we have a few apartments showing signs of previous survivor interaction. Pretty spooky looking to me at least. I mean, these images suggest that the bathroom for that apartment building is communal, and that's the spookiest thing I can think of! We also have some images showing off our day/night cycle which lets us change time of day, density of clouds, moon phases, and more. I could look at that sky all day. In fact, you just did! Other Stuff A few other things of interest were also made this week. Starting with, an FPS counter added to the options menu so you can see how changing the options affects your performance. and for our own purposes, a dev test center. This will allow us to quickly look at every item in the game, pick them up, and test them. It makes testing the items both easy and fun, and shows us at a glance which items need to be worked on. You can't read it in the picture, but the green circle that is visible says "Walk here to spawn ammo" and as long as the gun has an ammo type plugged in, just walking into that circle will spawn us ammo. It's a pretty sweet addition for us. And finally, new zombie animations. Click here to see them in action. That delay will be fixed up soon, but we thought you might want to see that animation sooner. Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to this week's edition of The Weekly Dead, where we explain what we have been doing all week. Update 3 Update 3 will focus on 3 main areas. 1:Multiplayer and fixing small issues 2:Inventory and refactoring. 3:Loads of little fixes and additions that Geoff can work on in the meantime. Now, last week's focus was multiplayer, and this week has mainly been inventory issues, so we'll go straight to that for now. Inventory This was the delicious meat of this week's work, refactoring inventory. Tool tips have been created and work pretty well actually. For both items in your inventory, and your stat organs. Looks a little something like this. Items can now be dragged and dropped, much like one would do in Diablo. "Picked up an item in the inventory and put it down again, Diablo style. Yes yes yes. A very small part of the refactor, but nice. #TDL " — Zag (@geoffkeene) August 19, 2015 The backpack can also be closed with the 'Esc' key , a small but important feature. "This is working for the next update. Backpack will be closable with Esc key. @thedeadlinger <url>" — Zag (@geoffkeene) August 17, 2015 Finally, the survivor model, YOUR survivor, is visible in the inventory. It's a work in progress but it lays out the proper foundation. Clothing items you wear will be visible on your model in the inventory. The rest of the inventory fixes, tweaks, and refactoring was mainly deep coding and blue print work. Things like weapon and equipment sockets. Little Things and Bug Fixes Now onto the little things that have been worked on. Things like, fixing a typo in the credits screen, adding dev commands, making it so you can't open the inventory in the splash screen, and adding a button to click on the splash screen for clicky people. What does that button do? We'll let you figure that one out. Stamina now regenerates slowly when walking compared to standing still. It no longer drains while standing still and holding shift. Ladders have also gotten a little love. They now have a box at the top of the ladder that can detect whether you are coming up to it on the ladder, or off of it. If you are on it, you are placed safely at the top of the ladder when you hit the box. If you are off of it, you are placed safely on the ladder. A basic feedback form has also been worked on. Heavily in progress, so much so that it won't be in update 3 at this point. But it was something made and is worth a look. At this point, F8 will be the key to bring this screen up. Oh and the tool tips here are the wrong way around. A basic Celsius temperature gauge has been implemented. So now the rest of the world can know how hot it is in game. Finally, there is this baby. That will show your survivor when you click on it. Currently deciding if we'll load a save or load the main save to display it, but this also might pave the way for a 3D background in the main menu. That wraps up this week's Weekly Dead. Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Welcome survivors to another edition of The Weekly Dead. Last week we didn't write one because Update 2 for the opt-in was released and we thought that would explain pretty well what we were doing. Things need explaining this week. Update 3 "So where is update 3," I hear you asking. Short answer, we're working on it. But you don't read this for short answers so I'll explain, first what update 3 is. Update 3 is mainly a multiplayer update and this week's main focus has been making multiplayer work better. Some work is also being done on the inventory. Multiplayer Multiplayer had some deep rooted issues that needed to be fixed. Over the course of the last week, Richard made it so that survivors can pickup, drop, throw items all in multiplayer, and he worked on doors for multiplayer. For back end stuff, he set up a system so that we can do a super fast startup of client/server single machine test debug. Basically, we can test mp on a single machine much faster. Inventory We've not been satisfied with the way the backpack is working right now. As the primary means of player interaction with items, it needs to be better. Due to this, Geoff has been refactoring the backpack all day to fix some stuff that need to be fixed. He's also plugged some new art into it. There is also this ... Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! If you have chosen to opt-in to B15-UE4, you should receive the latest update. Restart Steam to acquire the update if it does not download automatically. If you need information on how to opt-in, check out the Opt-In Survival Guide! Opt In Update 2 Patch Notes: - Due to large patch sizes, we have implemented a change to the way the files are structured. This change will basically force a re-download of the current opt-in, so this specific patch will be large (about 2.4 GB.) After that, future updates will be quite a bit smaller. - Clothing and gear now show up on the survivor when equipped. There may be bugs with specific items. Please report any that you find. - The inventory now supports 4:3 resolution much better than before, and is all around, more compact. - Added a "Drop Item Here" area in the inventory to show you where and how to drop your items onto the ground. - Items in inventory now retain their inventory grid-size when being dragged for much more accurate placement. - Items now show their proper name when being picked up. (Known issue: Sometimes names don't appear. We know the cause and it will be fixed.) - Pepper Valley now has some basic clouds in the sky. We will vastly improve the sky visuals when the day-night cycle is implemented. - Some additional buildings and rooms have had things added to them. This is some small prepatory work for larger scale additions to the world. We now have someone whose sole job is adding stuff to Pepper Valley. - Interiors are now much, much darker, thanks to some new AO stuff we've turned on, alongside various other graphical shader improvements. If something does not have a graphics option yet, it almost certainly will. Any graphics options that are currently grayed out or appear to have no affect will also be implemented in the not-so-distant future. Many of the important ones are ready and waiting for you! Remember; press V to toggle your flashlight. - Fixed some bugs with graphics settings not reliably working every time, or not properly saving their options. - If you run into issues, the graphics options file can now be found in %APPDATA%/Local/tdl/Saved/Config/WindowsNoEditor/GameUserSettings.ini. Some options on it are not available yet or are currently non-functional. If you mess anything up and need to reset your graphics to default, delete this file. - Fixed up numerous multiplayer issues but many are still present. Multiplayer is still fairly broken - we know. It will be our main focus for Update 3 and 4. - Fixed a bug where client survivors were not receiving a last known position in the world when joining. - Fixed an issue where the host would receive a death screen when a client died. Death and respawn is now network friendly. - Survivors can now access and change their Graphics and Audio settings in game via the in-game Escape Menu. (Press Esc or P) - Doors have doorframes and generally fit better in doorways. Much of the doorframe art is placeholder. For example, a store won't always have a wood trim doorframe. Easy to change later! - Fixed one of the bugs with zombies resetting or twitching in their motion. Another issue is known to be present with a twitch while walking and will be corrected soon. - Big re-factor of how Field of View (FOV) switching works. Mostly an internal change, but zooming and squinting should be much more reliable now. Zoom speeds may need some tweaking. - Scoped rifles now properly use the scope FOV. - Fixed some hand positions for certain guns, such as the Tundra Hawk and Mosin, which were previously floating at the survivor's feet. - Ironsights now use a constant FOV value, instead of subtracting from your default FOV. - Basic recoil is in on all firearms. - Rounds from guns now emit particle effects on impact, on all surfaces, survivors, and zombies. BlooOoOooOood! We will include gore settings later on. - Adjusted Survivor collision capsule. It was a bit too tall. - Fixed a bug where when Free Looking the mouse would overshoot the rotation of the head. - Scoped guns now use their scope zoom level when aiming. (No scope visuals just yet.) - Tons of items now look like the items they should look like. There should be a lot less untextured loot and you should see far less of those question mark boxes laying about. If you spot one, let us know! - Fix for a bug where survivor's would eat a food item and it would instead eat some other item in their inventory, including weapons. Yup... That was a thing. - Fix for a bug where survivor's would eat food and it wouldn't disappear from the inventory. - Small improvement to accuracy of the 'zombie hand' cursor used in menus and UI. - Probably a few other small things we didn't note. Thanks to all the survivors who reported these issues. The majority of issues fixed in this patch were reported by the community. :) Please continue to report issues in our bug report forum so we can track them and fix them. Linger on, Survivors! Wow, what a couple of weeks. Last week there was no weekly dead, due to The Dead Linger's opt-in of the UE4 build being released, and now we are at the 50th edition of The Weekly Dead. Let's jump right in survivors. Release Last week the big announcement was made. The Dead Linger made it's public debut in UE4. We at Sandswept hope you are all having fun with it! The game is far from complete, but now that it's in your hands you can see exactly what we are doing and can provide us feedback based on your experiences with the game. Check out Geoff's vlog. <url>"ue4optinbuild" 6) It should begin downloading! You must, of course, own Steam, and bear in mind this is basically the alpha of our UE4 version of our alpha game. We'll be deploying updates quite frequently! Which brings us to our next topic... Update 1 As said, updates will be rapid for the opt-in, and they already have been to a grand total of one, with another on the way! As for the first update, Kate, our resident bug-sniper, posted the features of the update here on our forums but I'll post it again below for the people who don't want to have to click links. Opt In Update 1 Patch Notes: - Build number has been iterated by one. All updates will do this. To check which version you are on and ensure you're up to date with this latest patch, look in the top left at the Build Watermark for a (1) next to the text Build 15-UE4. - Feature: Graphics Settings menu is now in place! From the main menu and in game escape menu, you may modify your graphics settings to your heart's content . We will expand on this menu and add additional options as we progress. FOV Slider is included, but has some bugs with its visual numbers. You WILL almost certainly want to adjust your resolution upon entering the main menu! - All missing or unknown meshes will now appear as a box with a question mark on it . If you see one, let us know what it is when you pick it up. If you can't pick it up (i.e. not an inventory item), then just let us know where you found it as precisely as possible so we can track it down and fix it. - Until we import all of the world meshes for clothing, all clothing of every type will look like a folded up gray checker shirt. - SK 63 Rifle can now kill zombies and deal damage. - Fixed a bug with all burst-based weapons. - Farmington Shotgun fires both shells in a rapid burst, and can now kill zombies. Careful, the rounds do spread! - Alpine Shotgun and Farmington Shotgun (the double-barrel) meshes were switched. Now they are correct. - Fixed positioning some on the survivor's camera. Guns and weapons should not be sitting as high on the screen now, and with less clipping in general. (Not all weapons have their proper holding animation yet, causing floating hands etc.) - Fixed collision on one of the beds. - Fixed collision on a bunch of the cars. - Bodybags no longer collide with survivors or impede survivor movement but should still block objects and line of sight. - 308 ammo box now has a world mesh. - Toothbusters candy bar now has an inventory icon. - Riot Shirt now has a temporary world mesh. - Riot Helmet now has a temporary world mesh. - Doors are now quite a bit lighter. Users with high DPI settings on their mouse may feel doors are bit too light. We will continue to tweak this or possibly add a door sensitivity slider in the future. - Fixed wording on bottom right Feelings Text when retrieving your gear from your corpse. - Fixed an issue where you would zoom in after eating food or right clicking on items in your inventory. - Inventory no longer closes when right clicking items that aren't food. - Probably some other tiny stuff we didn't properly record for the patch notes. Phew! That's some good fixings. I'd also just like to point out this wonderful submission by a survivor. @geoffkeene @thedeadlinger some box art for you. pic.twitter.com/PPTh27N6oz — Jeremy Thomson (@jeremyxy83) July 28, 2015 A big thanks to jeremyxy83 for our box art, I had one sensible chuckle upon seeing it. If you do happen to be seeing very pixely graphics, check that little Screen Resolution option. There's currently a bug where it may sometimes get reset to 0. We'll have that fixed in Update 2. Update 2 Speaking of Update 2, it's not out yet but it's on its way. The main things to be fixed in update 2 are as follows - Multiplayer fixes. - Loads and loads of loot items are getting their proper art now. - Some minor work on clothing working on survivors. We can't guarantee this will be in Update 2, but it's among the things being worked on. - Graphics Settings improvements. There are some bugs with the graphics settings not saving or reverting when they should or shouldn't, respectively. - Audio Volume Sliders. - Basic recoil, some gun improvements in general. - Loads of little bug fixes. - Inventory fixes, dragging and dropping and eating items alongside support for a 4:3 resolution layout. (Pictured below) In the future, the gap in the 16:9 image will be covered by "looking into your backpack" so don't worry about players with larger resolutions being able to get a one up on players with smaller monitors. This is the clothing thus far, clearly a work in progress. The textures will be added soon, and the clipping is just a missing texture mask. Grant's estimate on the textures is "today" but he doesn't know when and the blog can't wait for slow-pokes! Just kidding. Grant has literally been working around the clock to get everything imported from the old Unity build, on top of his regular job as rigger and sometimes animator. He has about 8 hats. It's a real stack. Speaking of hats, lots of hats along with all the clothing will be visible and looking excellent either in Update 2 or Update 3, at this rate. Social Media Stuff Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us on twitter @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! The UE4 build is available to test and play. Are you prepared? Watch this video to ensure you are! <url>"Known Issues &amp; Tips" on the blog. <url>"Stats Organs" Of course that's unfinished, but the image shows you where we are going with it. This is a thing. @thedeadlinger #TheDeadLinger The stats organs in action. Here's another thing. Major HUD and Survivor stats progress this week. @thedeadlinger #TheDeadLinger This image shows the stats that will be visible on the GUI. We call it the "Feelings Box". There will be an option in the future to turn it off if you don't want it visible on your HUD. Like I said at the beginning of this section, most of the work Geoff did this week is very minor stuff, unable to be shown in still images, and just describing it won't mean anything because of it's nature. Buildings Chaoss has still been hard at work on buildings, specifically textures and modeling the interiors. We're getting closer. Look at that texture work! That's what a 4k monitor will get you. This is the modeled interior of another type of building. Hmm, I think I'll leave you guys to guess at what kind of building it is. Animations This week Grant has been hard at the animations of course. No pictures, possibly another thing that will need to be shown off in a devlog? Regardless, what he's done is re-targeted the old animations to the new rigs he created, as well as set up the blueprints for the animations. He's also set up the aim offsets for the survivor, which means there are animations for aiming with the sites and looking around. Doors Richard has been working on door code for the week, and some AI of course. Among his accomplishments are how doors are bashed, both by survivors and the zombies, and how the wreckage is dealt with. The work on the AI has been improving the zombie AI. That all includes sight, smell, sound, losing track of the player under reasonable (and balanced) conditions. Livestreams Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors and welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! But first, a PSA! Kickstarter A question Howell posed in the introduction to the Kickstarter edition of The Weekly Dead caused a stir, with rumors circulating that we were going to stop posting updates to Kickstarter. This is not true. We will not stop posting updates to Kickstarter. Doors Over the past week, Richard, after tying up work on the zombie AI, has been working on doors and the door system. So far, doors can be open, closed, barged through, bashed by both the player and zombies. As Geoff says in this instagram post ... The doors look smooth as well. The doors have been networked as well so they work in multiplayer games, and zombie nav mesh has been adjusted to allow for... well, this old familiar feeling. In fact, Geoff summed up this whole section for me in one tweet. Props This week Grant and Geoff have been tag teaming meshes. Geoff has been importing a massive amount of meshes, 595 at last count. These include props, items, this , pretty much everything the art team has made since the Kickstarter campaign. Not all of these will be in the first UE4 build, and some of them may never make it to a final build, but this will expedite new item and prop creation in the future. On the other hand, Grant has been helping him with that(Read: Doing all the work) while also giving them the proper orientation and setting physics markers on weapons so that Richard's code can latch on during the swing animations and tell what has been hit and where. To sum up this section... Buildings Despite being trapped in Mount Doom, Chaoss was able to get some work done. He was working on the interiors of buildings, even having created a video of himself flying through one of the buildings to show it off. You won't see that video because the quality of the video itself is low(It was in his modeling program as well, so grey boxes and black backgrounds everywhere), but you'll see a video of essentially the same thing done better. In the mean time, you'll need to just chew on this image. Screamer Animations Back in the fires of Mount Doom, Jess has been getting her bearings, fiddling around with the Screamer model and seeing how the rig moves. She's started an idle animation but isn't happy with what she has done so far on it. Livestreams Now we arrive at the weekly reminder that Geoff, Richard, and Chaoss do livestreams every now and then on twitch. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! But first, a special question to the kickstarter backers from community manager Howell. Would you guys mind if instead of rewriting the entire blog post here, if I just directed you to our blog? Comment below! Hello Survivors! Geoff is gone today so I have no oversight on what is posted here. I can post anything I want! The responsibility is crushing me. Let's dive right in! Zombie Brains Richard as always has been hard at work picking at the brains of the zombies. The zombies are now able to react to the things they hear, see, touch, and even smell. That's right, if you get too close to a zombie, it'll sniff you out. As well as that, the zombies can also play dead (Well, really dead, not just undead) so that corpse on the ground might just take a bit of your ankle if you are not careful. The corpse might also just be dinner for another zombie, as they can eat corpses. And finally, Richard changed the aggro values for zombies based on what you're doing, and made zombies turn more naturally, or as he calls it "smooth turn on mode transition" Player Model Grant has changed the default player model to our new one. What does this mean for you? Not much actually. The new model has new weighting and rigging which makes it look better over all. It also fixed issues with the fingers and some other things that looked wonky. Towns Chaoss has been hard at work making towns, and the buildings for towns. You've seen what he's been doing in previous Weekly Deads, but what I'm about to show you should get you excited. He has placed the roads down, and will texture them soon. If you are anything like me, your hype is building. I know that I am personally excited to walk down those streets. If you've noticed in previous Weekly Dead posts, the buildings were missing backs, and insides. Part of how Chaoss was building the town. The above image shows a complete building, with collision inside, rooms in the back, bathroom, everything you could want out of a building. Things are happening guys. Really happening. Monsters And here is a picture of a true monster tormenting some helpless zombies. Horrifying stuff, so bad that we may have to remove that dread creature from the game. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello survivors! Howell is back! Geoff did not expect that I was a strong swimmer. Anyway, let's get this started. The Buildings Over the past week Chaoss has been hard at work creating all sorts of structures to explore, heavily researching them with Google Maps and field research by the team members who live in various small American towns. What he has so far is pretty cool, but don't just take my word for it. All we need is darkness and fog and we'd have a real Silent Hill vibe going on there. One of the important things to remember about these WIP buildings is that they are modular structures, able to be placed in any order and connected how we please. This means a relatively small number of modules can give birth to a wide variety of explorable areas. Zamby Richard and Grant have been tag teaming the zombies this week, with Grant of course focusing on animations and getting the animations to work properly on the zombies. Richard has been working the AI as usual, the nav-mesh, and how zombies attack and get attacked. The zombies also now have a super efficient nav-mesh that generates on the fly in our huge world. Currently the zombies are able to navigate the environment, aggro on the player/certain stimuli, attack, die, wander, moan, lay down, eat corpses, and have lots of idle activities. Geoff will be showing off the last few months of progress in a dev-vlog once he feels it's ready to show. So bug him about it on his twitter at @geoffkeene for me. (Take THAT for throwing me under a bridge!) Now I would say that's excellent progress. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Geoff here. I'm writing the weekly dead today as Howell is out ( and totally bailed on me at the last minute and is SO fired ) but hey, water under the bridge ( that I'm going to throw him off of. ) Chaoss Hard Drive Failure Ouch! Some people were concerned about Chaoss' hard drive issue we mentioned last week. Just to clarify what happened there; we lost some source work on the houses due to a complete and total IO drive failure. We still have some of the produced content (the ones we use for the game), but a few of the original files were lost due to a combination of negative factors. (That's the nice way of saying we stuffed up.) This is not a huge issue, but we did lose a few days of Chaoss' work, and we figured we'd let you know. It doesn't change much. So let's get on to the cool stuff coming to a Pepper Valley near you! Town Buildings If Howell were here ( but he's not because he totally let me down ) he would probably say something clever in his usual way ( but won't because he ditched us ) and then post really cool pictures of some town buildings that Chaoss is building to fill the town streets of Pepper Valley. ( But I'll have to do it because he abandoned me. ) Interview Stuff! Hey guys, I did a fancy schmancy interview with TechRaptor. Build 15-UE4 Time-table What is a time-table anyway? Is it sort of like a sun dial? Well, no matter. We're looking at releasing Build 15-UE4 as the opt-in OR the official build once we've done the following: - Zombie AI, so zombies are a fair and frightening threat - More populating of Pepper Valley, so you have a fantastic play space to enjoy - Polished up current features, so you can enjoy the features that are in to their fullest potential - Test test test, so we can ensure it's worth your time before releasing There is still no public timeline on that, but we'd love to have it out this summer, assuming our A/C keeps on workin' and we don't all die of heat stroke or catch on fire. Minivlogs plz? Yeah, I got some in store. We've made a lot of improvements since the last content-based minivlog. I might even have trouble including it all in a vlog and still keep it on the mini side. Well, I'm certainly looking forward to that! Grant did some animation stuff. The survivor has a lot of little bits that have to be weighted and tidied up properly. So that happened. Nothing too much to show. I mean, it'd literally be a picture of the survivor standing there. And it would look pretty normal. And fine. And you'd be like, hey, that's just a picture of a dude, why bother showing us that? And then I'd be like man, I don't know, I just wanted to put more pictures in because you guys like pictures, and then you'd be all, I understand, we do love our pictures, and then I'd be like, sweet dude, I think it's time to wrap up this Weekly Dead, and you'd be like, that's mathematical dude, I'll be sure to click the links below to follow us on twitter and comment on this weekly dead, and then I'd be like, cool man, see you on the forums. Livestreams Just a reminder, we totally do livestreams of development from time to time! You can check those out at the link below. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! Zombies The main focus this week has been the AI of the zombies. Richard and Geoff are hard at work on the movement and searching capabilities of the zombies, as well as the various other things that zombies do. We've also worked on the zombies idle animations. You may have seen this on Geoff's twitter or instagram already, but in case you haven't. A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on Jun 4, 2015 at 8:15pm PDT Skinning This week Grant has been revising the player model and skinning it. He reports that the fingers are the tricky part. I'm somewhat confident that this blog post can not be used as an admission of guilt in a police investigation... He has also rigged the Screamer. The skinning on the Screamer is far from done, but it is currently complete enough that the animators can get to work creating animations for it. Chaoss Chaos Chaoss has had one difficult week. With the week starting with his mother getting ill and having to run to her side, and ending with the hard drive that contains a lot of his work being rendered inoperable, it's amazing he got any work done at all this week! The above image showcases what was going to be one of the new modules, now trapped on his dead work drive. If necessary he will remake the module to the same level of quality at least. The above image, as I was told, contains an earth plant, commonly referred to as a "tree". In all seriousness, the above image shows off a new tree shader and tree model. Finally, Chaoss has been working on town roads. Because pictures are worth more than words. Object To round out this week's Weekly Dead, we present to you a portable generator model, untextured. Steam Workshop I would like to take a moment to reiterate why the workshop was empty when you went to browse it, or why you couldn't upvote anything. Well, we've figured out that our upload program was uploading things under the wrong category. We have since updated it, and you can find the uploader at the location in this link under the category of "Tools / Packages". Creators will have to edit their creations or possibly re-upload them using our new uploader tool. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! "Where's the pictures?" Everything this week has been code work, and with some people recovering from sicknesses, and others visiting sick relatives we've come to the end of the week without any images to show. Work has progressed in spite of all of that thanks to the hard working team members who slave away while sick. But for now, my picture's folder is empty. The VLOG Redux Did you see the VLOG last week? If not then here it is again . You should really watch it. Grant This week, Grant has returned from the land of the Anglo-Saxons and has battled ferocious jet-lag to work on his part. Refining skinning on the fingers. It sounds like such a miniscule task but skinning errors can be some of the most visible ones. Chaoss Chaoss has battled both illness and the illness of a family member, yet has managed to get a few things done anyway. Chaoss has been working on creating more modules for buildings, and the textures for them. Richard Richard has finally tackled his major nemesis of the past several weeks. He has got the inventory working seamlessly in multiplayer. This initially did not include Drag-and-Drop functionality as Unreal Engine has a problem with showing the icon while dragging, so until tonight the inventory works by clicking on an item, and clicking on a section of inventory/equip slot. Drag-and-Drop is looking to be Richard's next big nemesis. The Rest and What's Next Player movement is the final system worked on this week that I didn't mention until now, and next week the targeted system is Zombie AI. Hmm, wasn't Zombie AI one of the last systems that have to be in place before the release of the Unreal Engine build? I wonder... Steam Workshop I would like to take a moment to reiterate why the workshop was empty when you went to browse it, or why you couldn't upvote anything. Well, we've figured out that our upload program was uploading things under the wrong category. We have since updated it, and you can find the uploader at the location in this link under the category of "Tools / Packages". Creators will have to edit their creations or possibly re-upload them using our new uploader tool. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! The VLOG Before we get to the rest of the Weekly Dead, it is my solemn duty to ensure that everyone watches the VLOG Geoff created. This VLOG answers several frequently asked questions, including some hard hitting ones. I feel that it is a VLOG that must be watched... Or, listened to, rather. <url>"Chaoss-ifying". In the screenshot immediately preceding this line, we see only one type of tree, but we must remember that it is not the number of types of trees that is important, but what goes into them. The above image is both a test of the procedural tree generation, and the alpha-to-coverage tree shader, which is essentially taking the transparency in the grass and leaf (or in this case, pine needle) textures and using it to blend the foliage edges together. Weapon Values In addition to recording that VLOG post at the top of this week's Weekly Dead, Geoff has been setting up proper damage and durability values for the melee weapons. Geoff has completed about half of them so far. These values are placeholder and based on a the idea of zombies requiring X amount of damage to their heads before re-death. Far from finished, these values must first be tested and balanced, especially where PvP is concerned. More Inventory Richard is still hard at work making sure the inventory system in multiplayer is air-tight and works smoothly. While working on the inventory system Richard has also been doing a bit of debug work on Unreal 4.8.0 Preview 2. TDL is now fully integrated into 4.8! Grant Grant is gallivanting around Europe this week, and even stopped by to say hello to Chaoss in London! He'll be back in awhile with more animation and rigging things, but he finished up the majority of the clothing work for Build 15-UE4 before he left. Thanks Grant! Enjoy your holiday! Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! The Visual Part This Week The great palindrome week has not been a week of visual progress in the form of images. In spite of this Chaoss has managed to capture a few images of his work, for your visual feasting pleasure. He's finished all the materials we'll be needing for the suburban houses. The work that he has done has laid the groundwork for all future buildings and not just these houses you've seen. The caption in the image above was written by Chaoss himself. The above image is another view of the house that was pictured in the image before this one, currently a work in progress as evidenced by it being nothing more than walls and not in engine. The exclamation point on this section of The Weekly Dead is the above zombie selfie. Hopefully the man this one used to be was just carrying a camera, because the situation would be awful if the zombies started learning. Geoff's Work During this week Geoff has been hard at work setting up all the items. This includes their names, the various item quality levels (Contaminated, broken, normal, etc) the stats (For weapons this would include damage and durability. For food how much sustenance it regains and so on.) how much space the items take up in the inventory and their weight. It's a combination of data entry and design for over 400 items. Tedious, necessary and in the end there is nothing we can take a picture of. Well, maybe there is one thing I can take a picture of... Richard's Work Richard has still been working on the inventory systems and getting them up and running. Mainly he's been working to get Unreal Engine 4.8.0 preview 2 working, as it gives us access to the features available in the new build of the Unreal engine. You can read about the new features available in the latest Unreal engine update in this link . Steam Workshop Many of you may have been wondering why the workshop was empty when you went to browse it, or why you couldn't upvote anything. Well, we've figured out that our upload program was uploading things under the wrong category. We have since updated it, and you can find the uploader at the location in this link under the category of "Tools / Packages". Creators will have to edit their creations or possibly re-upload them using our new uploader tool. Livestreams The section containing this sentence is the weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. We've created a team twitch page that includes Chaoss's profile, no longer banned by twitch for the heinous crime of being British but not using Virgin as his ISP. The Sandswept Team Page Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Welcome survivors to another edition of The Weekly Dead! I forgot to mention this last time, but The Weekly Dead 38 was the 100th kickstarter update we made! Hooray! Solar Panel Now this one was finished RIGHT after I posted last week's weekly dead, so it didn't make it in that time, but here it is. Updated textures for the Solar Panel. Inventory &amp; Multiplayer Richard has been working on some really complicated stuff with multiplayer and the inventory. As an example he sent this image. There is more not pictured but it's essentially the same thing as far as pictures of it go. Grant, Atle, and Geoff This is where the meat of this week has gone. Grant has finalized the how the animations we have are played on our models, as well as cleaned up the animations, and did the skinning for the players, weapons, and zombies. Geoff has been working with him on that, as well as a few other things involving loot. Riot zambie #TheDeadLinger A photo posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on May 6, 2015 at 3:56pm PDT Playing dressup with Grant. #TheDeadLinger A video posted by Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) on May 6, 2015 at 3:53pm PDT As far as what the other things involving loot are, it's putting the stats for all our current items in the game. "Estimating it will take about 40 hours to put in the stats (inv grid size, name, etc.) for all of our current items. About 7 hours into it." — Zag (@geoffkeene) May 7, 2015 And for one final Geoff related push, many out there wanted to see gameplay, but couldn't be present for the livestreams, and didn't have time for the replays on twitch, so for you extremely busy people, gameplay directly to your face and ear holes. <url>"Inventory-&gt;Equip Slots-&gt;Status" as opposed to our previous one of "Equip Slots-&gt;Status-&gt;Inventory". Animation and Rigging This week Grant has given the zombies new animations, skeleton, and mesh. He's also given the Stray, and Bob UE4 Blueprints for their animations, to allow their animations to be triggered at the right time. He's also been working on hitboxes and skinning for the zombies. Atle on the other front has been working on the survivor side of things. Specifically a roll animation for when the player lands in a roll. Houses For a more visual feast, we have something from Chaoss. He's still been stuck in working on the house, adding textures to both the walls and the floor, interior materials, and indoor lighting, for that spooky natural light feel. Dark Light The close up ground textures are finally getting put in! Next: Grass and things! Livestreams Remember that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. You can find their channels here. Richard Keene's twitch channel Richard's Past Broadcasts Geoff Keene's twitch channel Geoff's Past Broadcasts Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello survivors! Welcome to another edition of The Weekly Dead! More of a coding week, often shown in livestreams. (More on that later) Housing Development This week Chaoss has been working more on building construction. As you recall from a previous Weekly Dead, he made (and is making) little modules, pieces of houses so that he can put together more houses more quickly. I've got a look at a pretty fancy (and untextured) single story house that he made using this system. From the front. From the bottom. Showing the layout of rooms. Inside the building. I'm personally excited to see all the buildings Chaoss will make. This is the guy who made the farmhouse, and the Leland's. Hitboxes This week Grant has been working on hitboxes for the animals and the zombies. These hitboxes cut the models up into pieces so that different limbs, the torso, and the head can be hit independently. This will allow for our system of having to kill zombies with head based damage, as well as different amounts of damage to animals based on where you hit them. Pictures speak a thousand words though so here. The four different rabbits were showing different idle animations, the other part of what Grant did this week, and the big guy is our friendly neighborhood mailman zombie. This picture shows the different hitboxes for each limb and pieces of limbs. This shows the rabbits mid idle animation without the hit boxes in case you were wondering how they were different. And this is the boar's hitbox. Richard and the Network This week Richard's been working on getting survivor animations networked. What this means is that in online games players will be able to see the animations of whatever the other player is doing. Free-look has also been networked, and the upper body and lower body have separate animations, so you can see other players looking around. After this is completed it'll be getting equipment slots so that you can equip and unequip gear from inside the inventory screen. "Zag" Our very own Geoff Keene, also known as "Zag" has been doing a lot as well, mainly centered around death, dying, and damage. (But that's not all) Specifically, fall damage is implemented and if you fall from too high you can pass out for a few seconds when you splat on the ground. Of course if you land right (crouch/roll) you can mitigate damage. He's made the death sequence transition smoothly from black, to death screen, to white, to life again. Like... ...That. With more fade of course. In addition to all that he's implemented reload types, so weapons that have internal magazines (Shotguns, SKS, and in this case, revolvers) can be loaded in a different way than weapons with detachable magazines. (Semi-auto pistols) And finally, he got blueprints and base stats for hundreds of items created. "Today on @thedeadlinger ; converting over our 424 current items into UE4 blueprints." — Zag (@geoffkeene) April 20, 2015 "TDL has about 44 melee weapons so far." — Zag (@geoffkeene) April 20, 2015 Livestreams And here we come to the now weekly reminder that both Geoff Keene and Richard do livestreams every now and then on twitch. You can find their channels here. Richard Keene's twitch channel Richard's Past Broadcasts Geoff Keene's twitch channel Geoff's Past Broadcasts Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Welcome survivors, to another edition of The Weekly Dead! Before we start let me remind everyone of the livestreams the team does every so often. <url>"Hello Survivors! This is just a quick public service announcement to drop some helpful links in regards to watching our development via livestreams on Twitch. While we don't livestream everything, Richard and I in particular have taken up livestreaming development in Unreal Engine 4. You can follow our channels here: <url>"Past Broadcasts" section of our respective channels. Hope that helps somebody out. :)" Now, onto the meat! GUNS! and Items This past week Richard and Geoff have been hard at work finishing up the weapons systems(and other things, but we are talking about weapons right now), with Geoff focusing on guns and Richard working on melee. This includes reloading, scopes, firing modes (semi-auto/full-auto). Grant has been doing rigging, and Richard has been doing animation states. Chaoss brought the guns into UE4 and made world items for them. Now let's see what that looks like! Our guns in engine. Up close. Oh and... Chaoss set up our guns so that we can color certain parts of our items if we need to. But look at that pretty pink. Ryan bringing that AT Launcher in as well. Finally, finishing this off, Chaoss made a pass over the mattress again. These look like they are much softer on your feet while you're flying through the skies on it! Miscellaneous Code Stuffs In other news, Geoff has been working on player stats, like hunger, thirst, sustenance, temperature, stamina, defense, speed, and... ...possibly something to do with the fatigue system. Chaoss has also been creating house modules. He's basically making pieces of houses, like walls, doors, frames, so that he can more quickly build lots of houses and buildings. He also did a pass on the sky. Day/Night cycle won't be in the opt-in, but that's probably what it would look like...Maybe a little bit lighter. So that concludes this week's Weekly Dead. Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! It's time for another Weekly Dead! This week we've got some fun and interesting things to talk about. Something Unreal I'll start with a bit of work that isn't ours. A few days ago, the Unreal Engine devs posted a video from a livestream demonstrating a new feature they've developed for the engine. Procedural foliage generation. It works by giving individual trees a chance to spawn however many trees based on a procedural "seed" system, thus it can generate an entire properly (or improperly) spaced forest from the placement of one tree based on how many steps you give the system. Why do I bring this up? Because TDL will be using the system as soon as Unreal releases it. <url>"Crotch Sword". Don't worry of course, Richard already knocked that bug "out of the ball park" in less than 5 minutes. That about wraps it up for this week's weekly dead. Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! PS: I swear the pictures are showing for me and were last week as well. If you don't see them then go either to <url>"Zag" Keene about an estimation of the release of the opt-in. I just simply don't have one. We are diving into a new engine with new ways of doing things, and new tools at our disposal. Anything we give right now (such as that February estimate we gave earlier that didn't pan out) could and most likely would be completely wrong. We'll let you know when we know. So with that popular question answered for now, onto the goodies! Weapon Systems Here we have an example of Geoff using UE4's Blueprint feature to make TDL's weapon systems. This in particular is showing the system for guns and the difference between full auto, and burst fire weapons. In this example, primary fire is using the full-auto/burst fire function, and alt-fire is semi-auto. It's a comprehensive system for swapping out weapons, checking which ones you have, and the details like ammo and firing mode. Digital Wizardry On the programming side of things we've been digging in. Richard is currently working on the inventory, including dropping items, collecting items, and moving items around the inventory. After that comes getting equipping weapons and clothing up and working. Grant is working on rig placement, re-targeting the animations to the new rig, as well as adding sockets which allows equipment to be placed on the character. When combined with Richard and Chaoss's code will get the equipment and weapon system set up. Chaoss has also been doing a lot of work on the terrain (more on that in a bit) including world tiles. Basically, it will now be much easier for Zag to paint rocks and trees on the landscape. The World The most visual part of this Weekly Dead, Chaoss's other work on terrain includes making sure each area of Pepper Valley has a unique feel to it, in the name of maximum variety. You can see it detailed here. Item Corner We've got a few interesting and awesome images to show off this week, and the art team is hard at work making more. An AT Launcher you'll need for taking out those pesky Sirens, and pretty much anything else. The Satchel Charge has beautiful new textures now. It's almost a shame that it explodes. And to top it off we have a man wielding a sword...A sword is an Item so it can be under this header! The textures on this one are just placeholder ones Grant plugged in while he waits on the official ones from Chaoss, but I personally hope Chaoss keeps that boxer briefs/ankle socks combo. Virtual Noses You read that right, based on a Gamasutra article that was based on a study about VR we've decided that it is necessary for a virtual nose to be coded in for VR headset users. Researchers say putting your nose in VR makes it more tolerable. Noses confirmed for @thedeadlinger . — Zag (@geoffkeene) March 26, 2015 And that wraps up this week's Weekly Dead! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! If you're like me, you've probably been wondering where the Weekly Dead has been. Well Jenny has had a lot come up and has been really busy, too busy in fact. So now I've been asked to take over her Community Manager role and write the Weekly Dead posts in her stead. Who am I you ask? I am Christopher Howell(AKA Howell2010), and this is The Weekly Dead. Digital Wizardry As always you can get nearly daily updates of what our team is up to by checking out our twitter @thedeadlinger but for a summary, since PAX when you last heard anything, our programmers have been working on everything from zombie-player interaction, zombie awareness, zombie spawning, multiplayer, inventory, object interaction, tile load/store (which means zombies and items dropped in a "tile" will remain when you leave and return). Essentially, a lot of the mechanics to get it at least back up to the playable state. Chaoss meanwhile has been working on optimizing trees so that we can have truly vast forests without melting your computers. Item Art The art team has still been chugging away. A few new things to show off starting with one untextured thing. You probably won't find any of these laying around. Might have to improvise one. For when you want to kill something on the other side of something... Or around a corner. Cause writing notes is an important skill. Almost as important as reading them. For people who can't/couldn't be bothered with writing. Where Art And Programming Mix Got a few things from our rigger too. Take a look at this IK foot placement. See how he has one foot on the step and one off, both planted firmly on their respective surfaces? That's IK Foot Placement. A bunch of new house designs, both lower and middle income, and 2 kinds of Swerts. That's twice the Swerts we had before! Well that's what I've got for now, tune in next Friday (PST) for another Weekly Dead! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Comment on the link below if you like! <url>"Pepper Valley"! <url>"betas" on Steam are basically a secondary version of the game you can choose to participate in (this is called "opting in.") We plan to open up optional beta builds for those who would like to opt-in to test out the in-progress version of TDL on Unreal Engine 4 before we're caught up to Build 15, and with the release of Build 16. You can read all about that here ! If the feedback is good and everything works out, we may continually do in-progress betas for every single build. B16 Sneak Peek Geoff also snuck this Trello screenshot over on our twitter! It’s just a partial glimpse of our main goals for the transition to UE4. Do keep in mind all cards are subject to change! Zombie AI Richard’s programming the zombie AI aggro system and getting everything hooked up with some custom and very efficient C++ code so that we can handle very large crowds of zombies without your PCs catching on fire. Terrain Alongside the menus and working on the 'feel' of the first person survivor (your experience), Chaoss is finalizing the terrain in Pepper Valley. After about 4 revisions or so, we're down to the last one before integration. Geoff is currently designing the major road, structure, and landmark layouts, which he and Chaos will begin once the terrain is fully in. Have a look at the stages we went through to get Pepper Valley's final form! Rivers and smaller bodies of water are there but not shown on the final map yet. Those will be added later as we edit and populate the map in Unreal Editor. We're looking at a minimum of 360 sq km of playable space, but it might be slightly larger as we've expanded the map just a bit. PAX South PAX South is quickly creeping up on us! Geoff, Kate and I will be there for the weekend. Let us know if you will be too! (Psst - I wrote up a little survival guide if it's your first PAX.) That's everything this week! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Geoff here. This is quick blog post to announce some upcoming plans; an idea we've been knocking around for a few days. But first, I'd like to make an apology to the survivors who are particularly bummed about the changes we're making. I am very sorry that we've had to remove such a large feature from the scope of the game. I will always be "That guy who removed procedural generation from The Dead Linger" and criticism of that move is expected and entirely deserved. I do not expect everyone to come around on it and see where we're going in the long-term, but I sincerely hope that you stick around to check out the changes we're making. Preserving the heart and soul of TDL is on the forefront of our minds. Thank you all for your patience as we make these necessary changes to The Dead Linger. We will release Build 16 when we feel it provides a better experience for everyone and reaches the quality we expect of ourselves. For those who are interested in helping us test and polish the Build 16 experience prior to its full release, this next part is for you. As Build 16 (Sirens of the City combined with the UE4 conversion) develops further along, we're going to be opening up an optional beta for those would like to opt-in to testing Build 16 on UE4 prior to its major and final release. This will be done through Steam, and we'll have more information on how to access it when it goes live. Currently we're still deploying a wide range of features across the environment (and working on the environment itself.) When we reach our internal "Beta" goals for this change, we'll be looking at release builds on a daily basis (give or take) for you to check out on Steam, if that's your cup of tea. Around that same time we'll probably open up our TDL-to-UE4 Conversion Trello board so you guys can actively track our progress on the engine change and see what's coming next on the Beta builds. This will give survivors an opportunity to help us debug and test some major changes to the game, submit bugs and feedback for the changes, and allow survivors to play the (unpolished and unfinished) UE4 version of the game a bit earlier as we progress the UE4 build to Build 15's current state, and then on to Build 16 for its ultimate release. And of course, this will be entirely optional for those who want to wait for the more polished build release. We'll let you know when that's close. Thanks again for your patience and support as we undergo these big, big changes to improve the overall experience and quality of The Dead Linger. Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment. Hello Survivors. Welcome to our 30th weekly blog. In case you missed our big announcement the other day, here it is! If you have any questions after reading that, check out this forum topic where Geoff answers a ton of your questions. An Unreal Transition The switch to Unreal Engine 4 is going very well this week. Richard and Chaoss have worked to get the menu working with Unreal Engine's built-in networking. Here's the main menu looking slick in UE4. Pepper Valley Changes Based on internal and external feedback, we're redesigning the Pepper Valley region a bit. In the mockup shown below (the same terrain we're using for our heightmaps) we've scaled PV up from 324 square km, to 360 square km, changed some mountains ranges around, redesigned the lake, and added some additional bodies of water. Any other changes to the layout from here on out should be minor, but we'll see as we develop it. Red areas are the initial "major population centers". That means cities! Keep in mind this image is currently a mockup of where we're headed with it based on the version you saw in the big blog this week. Tunnels and Doors Parker drew up some exit tunnel concepts for the roads when they reach the end of mountainous canyons in Pepper Valley. We plan to have some details within these tunnels, but we'll keep those uh, underground. Perhaps one day these tunnels will lead somewhere? Parker also painted up some ideas for craftable doors of varying strengths. Survivors will be able to make these to replace doors that were broken, or simply replace an existing one for a stronger barricade. The Twin zombie variant received a final detail pass before the modeling work begins on this crawling monstrosity... Solar panels now have color, just a quick final pass before modeling as well. Here's a GPS thingy. Cute, isn't it? And here's what journals will probably look like. Rigging and Animations Grant is on rig importing duty, which is going amazingly well. According to him "It just f****** works!" Atle is working on getting all our animations tweaked and ready to go. Here's what those are looking like in UE4. Sacrebleu, our animations just f****** work in Unreal Engine 4! Pardon my french. Character Control Chaoss has worked on some character controller stuff in between his massive efforts on the terrain. Here's Geoff giving a quick demo of the sort of things we're testing. Character controller testing in Unreal Engine 4 for @thedeadlinger (p.s. Crouch-jumping will finally be in Build 16.) Dane's Art Stuff Some more Harbinger gear on the way from Dane! Here's his ballistic helmet. Ryan's Art Stuff Ryan did some really neat stuff! He's begun work on the blowtorch... And he put together some emergency road flares for casting out into the darkness and... Casting away the darkness. As well as a variety of different items that will be used as signal mirrors, to silently make your presence known from far away, or for any other use you can think of. That's all for this week! Be sure to follow us @TheDeadLinger for more development news! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Very important (and pretty lengthy) blog up ahead! Read up: <url>’s Weekly Dead is just a little reminder that we’re all very much still here! We have some big changes coming to TDL. REALLY BIG CHANGES! Here’s what Geoff has to say about them: During the development of 15c, we have done some serious thinking about where TDL is now and where it's going in the future. We are making a very large change right now. We have decided to shift our focus off of world generation 'super-systems' and onto what makes The Dead Linger what it is and what it was always intended to be from the very moment I originally began to design it out on paper. The focus of The Dead Linger has deviated some from its original designs, and we are pushing it abruptly back to its roots. The following four things are the main focus of The Dead Linger. 1) Generating procedural farmland, forest, town and city layouts, inside a massive area to explore, survive in, modify, and enjoy. 2) Whether you are surviving with friends, wandering the world alone, or waging massive resource wars against other players, you will ultimately always run, fight, or die at the hands of the undead hordes. 3) The community matters. We want to give you the tools to build the environments and stories you want, and to share those with every single person who plays The Dead Linger. 4) Trains. These are the things that make The Dead Linger what it is, and that's where our focus is shifting full-bore into 2015. We'll have more information about the sweeping changes about to hit The Dead Linger sometime in early Quarter 1 of this year. Happy New Year, Survivors! That's all for this week. Linger on! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! Wondering where 15c is? Here's a blog post from Geoff on the current status of 15c! Be sure to read that first! It's super important and stuff. This week's blog is a bit concept-y. Parker has been knocking out a pretty big list of concepts for useful objects in game. We're looking at the various ways we're going to allow survivors to supply power to nearby objects. For the environmentally conscious, here's a make-shift deployable solar panel setup. For the gas guzzler in us all, a trustworthy portable generator. Some good old fashioned pen and paper maps. Which one do you like better? Sorry, but there's no Google Maps in the apocalypse! We have a few more map types coming as well, so you can explore and survive with the detail and type of navigation you prefer. And for all your welding needs: the blowtorch! Just be careful where you point that thing... You may have caught a glimpse of the Broken variant. Well, a few cups of coffee and Silent Hill soundtracks later.... Yeah. This thing's gross. This is just one type of this variant, anyway. Oh, and there's some new grass! It's way better on performance, has a much more realistic patterning/splat method, and you can see it further away. We have a lot more plans coming to grass, but we're going to knock out some more important stuff before we get full-fledged into those. Remember that far terrain we talked about in the last blog? Looks pretty freaking cool. Out to about 8 kilometers, in this picture. The forest out there is accurate down to the exact tree, but uses way less memory and processing. It's hard to show in a picture, but you'll feel the results when you play 15c. Ryan is currently working on some Emergency Flare sticks for some new ways to light up the world. We'll show those off when they're further along. Dane just finished playing with his dolls, and he'll be back to wrapping up military gear. A military ballistics helmet is currently in the pipeline. You'll start to see all that gear resurface as The Storm arrives, right after Build 16 is out the door. Everything else going on is of the top secret secretness. More on those secrets later! Steam Holiday Sale Give the gift of the zombie apocalypse this holiday season! The Dead Linger is on sale for 25% off ($14.99) until January 2nd! <url>"pockets" grid when you don't have a backpack. In lieu of this, we're adding a pockets system. If you don't have a backpack, you will have to rely entirely on your equip slots and clothing pockets for room. Various clothing and gear will give either small (1x2) or large (2x2) pocket space, up to a maximum number of pockets. Your starter pants, for example, will give you a few pockets worth of space. A vest could give you one or two pockets. Maybe even some backpacks would provide additional side pockets. 3) We will be changing some item sizes and adding stacking to a few items. For example, logs will probably become a tiny bit smaller in the grid-space, or even become stackable to a point. We'll play this one by ear as these changes develop. 4) If you didn't hear it earlier from us, we are removing the Tertiary Slot (currently unavailable) but preserving the concept behind it. There will be a new belt hotbar which, based on the belt you are wearing, will give you a varying number of quick-use slots for food, seeds, molotovs, or other quick-use items. Having to open your backpack every time to eat some food real quick can be time consuming or downright annoying, but we couldn't just limit it to one slot. 5) The Weight System, as mentioned earlier, is on the way. This will basically determine how fast your character fatigues and how fast your character can move. If you are overburdened with heavy gear, you're going to need to drop some of your heavier things. Gone will be the days of holding 4 ballistic shields in your inventory. 6) And the final inventory change we're going to go over in this blog; stats are getting a lot more clear. Those little 'stat bars' with hunger and all that are a bit confusing, not always accurate, and really just difficult to read. We're switching them over to a fancy colored radial system that will make it very clear when something is wrong, neutral, or great condition. We're also splitting the "Hunger" system into "Sustenance", which will require both food (Hunger) and drink (Thirst) to maintain your survivor's well-being at an appropriate level. Some other small changes we'll get into detail on later: - Trinket slot - 3D view of your survivor - Better magazine management and information That pretty much sums up the balance change we're making to ensure backpacks are a little less overpowered, a little easier to use, and still allow us to make inventory space items a little more common without worrying about survivors running around with enough gear to supply an army. These changes do not yet have an estimated release time frame. Crafting Screen Improvements We can't really overhaul the inventory without touching the crafting screen, so that's exactly what Geoff did. He touched it. The crafting screen will be receiving a visual upgrade, but we're also going to give it some functionality along with form. There will be a new "Known Recipes" scroll section that keeps track of recipes you've created (or learned through some reading material) and allow you to search for specific recipes on the fly. If you have the proper materials, they will be immediately brought into the crafting area for speedy crafting. We will probably enhance this as we go along. Along with those changes to crafting, we're also looking at blueprinting. Blueprinting is basically where you would take a campfire, or a wall, or a trap, and walk around with a ghostly "blueprint" in order to place it properly where you would like. We'll keep it simple; craft the item, it will automatically close your backpack, and then you can walk around with the blueprint. Left click to place it, right click to cancel the crafting process. Really good stuff coming on that. I'll leave you with this: I finalized my design on "tin can sound traps" in @thedeadlinger . Going to start to focus really heavily on craftables like that soon. — Geoff Keene (@geoffkeene) December 10, 2014 Splat! Chaoss has been working closely with Richard to make the new terrain more beautiful than before. While we don't have any new terrain formations to show just yet, here's a quick glimpse at the texture and appearance of the new terrain - work in progress, of course. Worth noting that the new world refresh is super fast. The new terrain allows the world refresh to no longer require fog. Instead of a 15 to 30+ second process, it should be, at most, a few seconds. We'd show off Chaoss' houses this week, but the terrain kinda got in his way. We'll have some more to show on the new super modular suburban homes -- perhaps next week. In the meantime, here's some new sky stuff as well. What the... Channeling his inner psychopath, Parker has been working on the concepts for our latest zombie variants coming along through the pipeline. We'll have more on these later. Last of the Harbinger Gear Dane is just about wrapping up the Harbinger gear, at least this phase of it, with the final backpack, a black beanie, some combat goggles, and a light ballistic collar. We'll divulge some more information on Harbingers after Build 16. Build 16 Speaking of Build 16, let's talk about that. Build 15c is in development. Currently it's planned to be the "15christmas" hotfix, adding in the new terrain, a 64-bit .exe as the default (with optional 32-bit), way better memory useage, the awesome new dedicated server program you can run (which is coming along great, by the way!) and some Christmas cheer. Or Christmas zombie death murder. Yeah. Definitely that. Geoff also wants to tell you guys that he is working something lore related for Build 16. Not sure what's going on there, but I bet it involves the Sirens, and it's probably a video of some sort. Steam Workshop Reminder! We've already seen some amazing stuff from the community gathering like a hungry zombie mob on our Steam Workshop page! If you want to help contribute, check out our Steam Workshop guide! We'll probably start highlighting really cool submissions as we begin adding the best of them into the game. Stay tuned for that. Trinketttssseeesssss I don't know what this is, but I want one. That's all for this week! Remember; you can follow development on our twitter @thedeadlinger and you can follow overall progress of a given feature on the Development Roadmap. Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! We're back in the Sandswept Cave after a few days of delicious Thanksgiving noms. A lot of internal stuff going on this week. We're smack in the middle of replacing our old terrain system for a brand new custom one. Crazy. New Terrain The new custom terrain system ( briefly mentioned in The Weekly Dead 24 ) is in place. Even in its most basic form it has already improved 'World Refresh' significantly, bringing it down to about 4 seconds. Richard and Chaoss are working to have it stabilized within the next few days. Here's some of the new terrain texture blending and a look at the new high-detail terrain deformation we are now capable of doing, and the very same terrain you'll be able to paint and manipulate in Watertower. Kickstarter Rewards Some of you have mentioned concern over special items, such as your Kickstarter rewards. Those special items are still very much happening with our treasured item delivery system. You can view additional info on that and other features on our (relatively) new roadmap! Steam Workshop! This week we launched our official Steam Workshop ! We love the Survivor Forums and we'd like you guys to continue making cool things AND incorporate them into the game. There's nearly 30 creations up already since launch and they're all pretty awesome! So have at it. Go make cool things! Leave some room for me though. I want to make some cool things too. And now I hand over the keyboard to our lovely Bug Sniper lady, Kate! Bug of The Week Welcome back, Survivors! It's been a while. I've missed you. sniff I hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving! Anyone still in a food coma? This week's bug is something out of our internal build. We've been putting in the brand new terrain (and that includes reworking the physics). This is one of the amusing bugs we've encountered along the way. Enjoy! Discover a chuckle-worthy bug? Catch it on video or screenshot and submit them to the usual Support and Bug Reports forum and yours may be featured in next week's blog post! Linger on, Survivors! Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! We have opened up Steam Workshop support for The Dead Linger! Want to have a chance to have your survivor creations released as official content in The Dead Linger? That door has just been opened. Click the image link below for more information on how to get started! Be sure to watch our latest Design of the Dead , included in the workshop page! Related Links: TDL Workshop Guide TDL Steam Workshop Survivor Creations Forum Steam Workshop Discussion Forum What is Steam Workshop? Click here to comment! Hello Survivors! This will be a short and sweet little blog on what's happening this week. Not too much has changed externally since our last Weekly Dead. Richard is still hacking away at the Dedicated Server code and it's getting real close. We want this thing running smoothly, and it's just about there! The artists are currently working on content for Build 16 and beyond. I wish I could talk about some of the artwork, but that may spoil some lore things we want to keep under wraps till it's ready! Just because we're in Early Access doesn't mean we want to spoil all the storyline for you in advance! I had the chance to check out Dec's Steam Uploader Tool this week and it super easy to use! We'll be releasing that as soon as Steam gives us the signal for the TDL Workshop, hopefully this coming week. We look forward to showing you Survivors our latest Design of the Dead explaining everything you need to know about it! PAX South Will you be attending PAX South? How about East? Let us know! I even wrote up a tiny survival guide for first time convention crawlers. I'll be letting our lovely Bug Sniper lady Kate take it away from here! Bug of The Week This week's bug isn't very new at all, but it is a dear one many of you love. If you aren't already familiar with Mattress Surfing (aka Magic Carpet Ride), then I'd definitely recommend checking out the following screenshots and videos! From YouTuber AdvScienceIndustries : <url>’re switching over to Steam’s networking which will greatly improve how players host and join servers, and more reliably tunnel through the various tubes of the internet to join each other’s games. And here it is so far! Okay, it’s not that exciting to look at, but there it is. The Dead Linger’s dedicated server running completely independently (without the game installed.) Pretty awesome, right? Build 16 Artists are already well into finalizing 16 and 17 content, so Build 16 is simply awaiting the end of Build 15′s various hotfixes to begin full code development. Bear in mind that Build 15 is laying down some of the core foundation needed for faster build cycles, so these hotfixes are a necessity. Currently and with the latest updates we have been overhauling a ton of major systems that include loot spawns, zombie performance, zone templates, and a whole lot more. Roadmap Recap Our Development Roadmap has undergone a HUGE, and I mean ENORMOUS overhaul. (We’ve basically given you all of TDL’s current and future plans all in one place!) You guys wanted transparency, so there it is! There’s also tacos. Not transparent tacos, but tacos nevertheless. There’s some great discussions going on at the forums regarding various aspects of the roadmap already. Take a peek yourself to see the new roadmap and accompanying Design of the Dead video. Have at it! THEDEADLINGER.COM/ROADMAP Art Stuff In an effort to push ahead the concept of survivor’s having stable and self-sustained bases in the game, Parker has been tossing around some concepts for The Dead Linger’s farming system. We’re planning out how it will look and how you’ll plant seeds into the fertile earth. Jeff seriously surprised us last meeting with the progress on the HM Typical. It’s just about done in every way, and almost ready to toss into the game, after a bunch of accompanying code work, that is. This ordinarily extraordinary vehicle is planned for Build 20 at this time. Check this baby out: Chaoss has been working on two very cool things. First off, the new terrain is coming along great, which will provide a massive increase in performance, use proper LOD methods that the current one doesn’t use, and it will allow us to paint the terrain in a much more realistic fashion – a feature we’ll be adding to Watertower so that you can paint your own dirt paths and such. The new terrain also features 1 meter resolution, which is way higher resolution than the previous (current) terrain supports. This means we can do way more detailed things with it, and no more crazy jagged angles on the terrain. Here’s a picture where Chaoss wrote his name in the terrain to show you exactly how detailed it can be. Chaoss is also working on the new suburban homes. We’re re-creating the Middle Class Suburban Home with 1, 2, and 3-story to better match the current art, quality, and performance. The new houses are also built with modular layouts in mind. This house you see in the picture below can result in about 10,000 different permutations, and that’s not even including color. Oh, and house colors will be returning! You can expect these new houses around Build 16. Chaoss also spent some time getting the textures ready for all of the houses to use. With this system, we can recolor the walls and wood trim paneling different colors however we please. This means no house is the same as the other, both in appearance and layout. Some painted drywall with fancy lights on it. Bug of the Week Now I get to hand the keyboard over to Kate, our bug sniper! Welcome to the debut of the Dead Bug of the Week! We’ve decided to start up a weekly issue of the most hilarious (and sometimes ridiculous) bug to add a bit of humor into the development process! Our first bug comes from Aether245 and FallnMastr; two survivors who discovered that running into each other would launch one or both into the air. They have lovingly named it the Rocket Man Glitch, and they provided a couple hilarious clips. Aether245′s Clip FallnMastr’s Clip Discover a chuckle-worthy bug? Catch it on video or screenshot and submit them to the usual Support and Bug Reports forum and yours may be featured in next week’s blog post! PAX South We’re doing that thing where we go outside again! This time you’ll be able to find Geoff, Kate, and myself at PAX South this coming January! You better come find us and say hello, we may just have some neat pins for you. That’s everything this week. Linger on, Survivors! Leave a comment on our official forums! Original blog post Oops! Sorry about the link everyone! Here's the correct one: <url>’re bringing you a very special Design of the Dead today! We couldn’t wait till Friday, so here it is: The new development roadmap in its entirety! <url>– Design of the Dead! Read and watch here: <url>"Blue Sky and Duplication Fixes"! Please be sure to report issues encountered to the Support &amp; Bugs forum to help us improve the experience. We're going to be bringing you screenshots (and maybe some awesome videos) all throughout Build 14's development! Stay tuned to our twitter for more on that! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! Build 13 of The Dead Linger has been released on Steam! Bicycles have been added, along with a lot of other great fixes and features! Here's a link to the full patch notes and the MEGAVLOG , detailing the changes in both Builds 12 and 13! <url>’ve been officially Greenlit! The Dead Linger – Alpha will appear on Steam thanks to all your efforts at spreading the word and voting us up on our Greenlight page! We are extremely excited and very busy as we prepare 010 (The Big Engine Change™) for release. We’re going to jump straight into a Q&amp;A to clear up a bunch of frequently-asked-questions we’ve received since this announcement. Here we go! Will you be releasing The Dead Linger on Steam Early Access? Yes, that is our primary goal at this time. What build will be released on Steam? The upcoming Build 010 “The Big Engine Change™” will be our first release on Steam. 010 will not release through the current channels you receive the game and game updates. Can I still buy it from the website? Yes, but only up until we release it on Steam. Once 010 is released on Steam, all future purchases will be made through the Steam store. If you want to buy it and play it right now, you can do that here . (And thank you for your support! We are currently funded entirely by pre-order purchases.) Will I get a Steam code if I’ve purchased the game already? Yes, that is our plan and we’re sure Valve would be fine with it. (From our experience with our past title, DETOUR, Steam generally allows developers to create as many extra game keys as they please.) We are not going to charge our early adopters a second time to get the game on Steam. What about that Kickstarter promise of “DRM-Free?” The game is not finished. We promised the finished game would be DRM-Free, and we will be sticking to that. During Alpha and Beta, however, there will not necessarily be a 100% DRM-Free copy as we plan to use Steam and integrate with its features. Are you going to integrate with Steam Workshop so we can submit weapons and items through that system? Absolutely. This is actually one of the top reasons we want to use Steam in the first place. How much will the game be on Steam? For Alpha stage, we are maintaining the same price as before – $19.99 USD. With Steam, there will also be a lot more payment options than PayPal, which we know many of our users have requested. Sounds great! So when is this happening? Build 010 is scheduled for sometime in August, but with the Steam news coming forth, we are probably looking at a more realistic date of early September. We know many of you have waited long for this build, and we can assure you the delay is only to bring the very best experience we can to an ever-growing audience. We will have a teaser video for the new engine very soon, along with lots more goodies between now and then. IN the meantime, enjoy the forums, spread the word to your friends, and most of all — Linger on, Survivors! Hello backers! We've returned from E3 and have posted a new blog post detailing our adventures, our current status on Steam Greenlight, and our upcoming update; The Big Engine Change™. There are new screenshots, and lots of pictures from E3! Check out the blog post by click HERE! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Survivors! There has been some talk about our presence at E3, so we'd like to officially give you the full run-down of who is going, where we'll be, and what we'll have there. Where to find us: We will be at the IndieCade booth, South Hall #3035. We invite all press, fans, and stalkers to stop on by and say hello! We might even have something fun to hand out, assuming we don't run out. What will we have there: (and info about the Big Engine Change™) We'll have a PC (probably a high-powered laptop) set up with The Dead Linger Build 009c, for all fans and press to come check out and play while chatting with us. We understand some people are surprised we aren't showing off a new build, but we have many good reasons for that. As an event, E3 is primarily a press event. We're there so the press can check out our game and get the word out. Secondarily, E3 is a meet-and-greet event for us. We want to meet some fans, meet some press, and meet some other developers out there, while showing off our game. The reason we're showing 009c is that we've been hard at work shifting The Dead Linger to a new engine to vastly improve performance and squash dozens of nasty crashes that we're experience. The Dead Linger remains in a state of update-limbo until this process is finished, hopefully in a few weeks. There is nothing new to show until then, but we will definitely start teasing the new Torque 3DUnityCryEngineUDKUningineID Tech 5Doom engine screenshots rather soon. When the next update is released, probably wrapped with Build 010 as the new engine debut, you can expect huge framerate increases. We talked to Richard about what would happen, and here's his response; (fancy technical term incoming) "basically no memory crashes and stupid -sweep!- like that." While we're talking about awesome things, we'd like to mention that we are currently holding steady at #76 (out of 1,285 games) on Steam Greenlight. If you haven't voted for us yet, vote yes! Who will be there: We're sending the best of the best to E3. Well, we'll be sending who was available, anyway. You can find the following team members at the IndieCade booth and other places around E3. We'll generally be stationed there for all 3 days, and you'll find us wearing Sandswept and The Dead Linger pins or something fancy like that. If you need to brush up on faces, check out the Meet The Team page for ultimate stalkery. Geoff Keene - aka Zag - Design Director and Project Lead of The Dead Linger, CEO and co-founder of Sandswept Studios (follow his twitter: @geoffkeene ) Dana Churchill - aka Femme - Community Manager, Team Manager (follow her twitter: @FisforFemme ) Jeff Macalino - aka JRMac - Lead 3D Artists, Environment and Weapons Artist (follow his twitter: @JRMac3D ) We'll be sure to tweet throughout the week, tweet pictures, and more! If you're at E3 and want to get in touch, just shoot us a tweet. TL;DR Tweet us! Linger on, Survivors! Hello Backers! Head on over to our blog and check out our latest post regarding our awesome progress on Steam Greenlight and some answers to frequently asked questions! Linger on! Hello Backers! The Dead Linger Alpha build 009 is released! Check out our blog for dev vlog, patch notes, installation instructions, and more! <url>" Multiplayer Crash Fixes " 008b was released shortly thereafter, fixing a few core issues, and balancing a few items, and the stats that items gave the players. Speed stats on items no longer gave such a substantial increase/decrease when equipped. Hotfix 008b - " Balancing Bugs " The latest hotfix -- released tonight -- 008c fixes multiple issues with guns not properly reloading at times, as well as fixing some cases where zombies would not always climb through windows when available. We also tweaked Infection Risk a bit to ensure the system is a bit more fair and fun. *NEW* Hotfix 008c - " Infection Balance, Gun Reload &amp; Zombie Fixes " Enjoy these hotfixes as we move forward, full steam ahead on development of Build 009! Linger on, Backers! Hello Backers! We have released The Dead Linger Build 008! Read about it here; <url>#7! Go to our blog to read more about the patch, including installation instructions! <url>“Breach Point” Release Date Build 004 will be, hands-down, the largest gameplay content update we have released so far. It contains more changes than any previous patch, and will contain more substantial gameplay changes than any patch before it. With Thanksgiving holidays, we’ve gotten a bit off schedule and still need some time to really polish these new gameplay features. We are delaying the release of Build 004 by exactly one week. Build 004 will release December 11th. Some of the stuff it will contain; Zombies will break down doors now. You are less safe inside houses. Physics have been greatly improved, including but not limited to a re-write of how doors work Some sound falloff and distant sound fixes Lots of gun changes, including proper magazine sizes, ammo box requirements, and aim-down-sights Much better login screen, including the ability to play offline without being forced to sign in Better stability Equipped items will move with the camera when you look around, among other tweaks to the first person experience Borderless Windowed mode and better windowed mode support in general Loads of crash fixes! Better inventory usability, and stats now display in the inventory screen with bars Day night cycle has been shortened some. Stamina has been increased (You can run longer now.) Saving bugs fixed, such as player position. Items dropped in multiplayer can be picked up by other players now. Hunger burns faster now, both because it was too slow, and because of the day-night cycle change. Houses have glass windows now, which are breakable. (and must be broken before you can jump through) And tons more that we don’t want to spoil yet! This is just a small helping of what we've been preparing for 004. Thank you all for your amazing support, and please remember to let your friends, family, and pets know about our game so that we can continue to develop it! Build 004 is going to be huge. Tell everyone. Stay tuned for more, and remember to follow us on Twitter @thedeadlinger . Linger on, Survivors! Build 003 is live. Download, and learn more at; <url>#5, embedded as well! <url>#4. <url>#4, and the game, for the upcoming Alpha Release on October 31st. Enjoy a little bit of the night life to be found in The Dead Linger... <url>’ve reached 258% with $154,968 and 4,218 backers within the 30 days our Kickstarter was active! Thanks to you, we’ve been able to have a few members of our team go full time. Now we can dedicate the next 6 months to heads-down development. For those of you that pledged, you will be receiving an email with a Kickstarter survey so we know how to distribute your rewards, so be on the look out for that. Because we’ve had so much success with our Kickstarter, we’ve decided to extend our PayPal donations to May 9th! You can pledge any amount up to $500 and receive the same Kickstarter rewards! This will be your last chance to donate before the Alpha comes out. We cannot thank you enough for your pledges and support! Because our Kickstarter has officially ended, you'll want to keep up with development via our company website, www.sandswept.net Here is The Dead Linger official site. You can find TDL blog posts and news here! www.thedeadlinger.com Our dev vlogs and other videos can be found on our Youtube channel here! www.youtube.com/SandsweptStudios You can also follow us on Twitter for more updates: ( Sandswept ) www.twitter.com/sandswept ( TheDeadLinger ) www.twitter.com/thedeadlinger ( Geoff, lead dev ) www.twitter.com/geoffkeene ( Richard, lead engineer ) www.twitter.com/rkeene0517 ( Dana, our producer/community manager ) www.twitter.com/fisforfemme You can find out more about our team as a whole at <url>"Night &amp; Day." This is a very, very early, pre-alpha sneak-peek at our night and day cycle in The Dead Linger. Nothing here is final, and everything will be improved. There will be many more videos to come. Follow this link! <url>#1! Get your likeness in the game! We'll take a photo of your head, put it on a character in the game, be it a commonly seen zombie, or the occasionally, hostile and crazed survivor (your choosing!) You and your friends will get to shoot yourself! Plus all the other rewards! Bonus: For $35, you will now also receive the Official Soundtrack once it releases! Dear Backers, You guys and girls are incredible . We never expected to be finished this soon, and the response and support we have received has left us awe-struck. We will have a thank-you vid out soon, and talk a bit about stretch rewards plus our other plans! Thank you SO much, from every single one of us at Sandswept. More on the way very soon! Pardon Our Dust! Hello Backers! We at Sandswept love giving back to those who back. We've seen so much support over the past week, we might even throw a few more things out there before all is said and done this month. In fact, we certainly will. We're already 66% in just this one short week, and 1048 people have backed the cause! (We're past $40,000 now!) You guys appear to love your zombies, and our jaws are on the floor. We'll get to picking those up in awhile... But first! We'd like to acknowledge and address the mystery surrounding our mystery item. We'd like to introduce you to the sensual, multi-bagged darling you see below. We call her The Kickstarter. ( Full Size Image ) And what is this? No, backers, it's not an inter-dimensional item-carrying magic device. How did you come up with that? You guys are silly. It's a badass backpack, a large-size, badass backpack – the biggest of the three sizes -- in fact. It is the backbone, quite literally, of your TDL scavenging experience. It also has a small movement speed boost! For backing $50 or more, she's your's. Forever. And not even the zombie hordes can wrench her from you. This is what safety feels like; a strong, sturdy pouch, resting gently upon your back. Fortify your barricades and gather your friends together. The undead hordes are on their way, and they yield for no one. Linger on, Survivors. Hello backers! Thanks to your help spreading the word and supporting our project, we are now at 40% backing, only a short 5 days in! You guys an incredible group, and we have been getting so many cool questions. We've tried to answer and address every single one, so don't feel afraid to message us or post a comment. Remember that you can also sign up on our forums over at www.sandswept.net ! To redeem many of the rewards, you will need an account over there. (Don't worry, we'll prompt you later on that as well.) We will be revealing The Kickstarter item hopefully in the coming week or so. We're also crunching right now to get something presentable, perhaps a video; a short tour through our pre-Alpha world. More on that later! All of you inspire and enable us to do what we love, and do it even better. Thank you. Pardon Our Dust. Hello backers and potential backers! It's amazing to see that we're already at 25% for our goal! We cannot thank you enough - you all are awesome ! We've decided to participate in Kicking It Forward , which is NOT run by Kickstarter, but a separate, third party initiative, started by inXile Entertainment. Thank you for all of your support - both in spreading the word and backing our project. Pardon our dust! Hello Backers (and potential backers!), We have reached 21%, thanks to you! In just 2 short days, you've backed us with a total of $12,580 (as of posting this), along with 2 backers pledging $1000 each! We do not have enough thank-you's to bestow upon all 287 of you. (Well, except all the rewards!) Please continue to spread the word and let people know what we're doing, and how they can help us get there! We will have some more awesome updates throughout the week (along with a few surprises!) You have our many thanks for your continued support. Linger on, Survivors! Hello Backers (and potential backers!), We've reached 10% funding within the first 24 hours. Wow! Thank you, each and every one of you, for helping us well on our way to reaching our goal! For those who haven't backed yet, we only need a minimum of $10 to ensure we get there, and we promise when we do, we will have the funding to deliver exactly what we've promised. To clarify a frequently asked question; if you pay $25, you earn BOTH $25 rewards, not just one! Thank you all for your support, both in backing our project, and helping to spread the word. We at Sandswept can not thank you enough. Pardon Our Dust! Hello backers! We've added an additional reward for pledges of $25 or more! Along with the other $25 reward (and $10 reward,) you will also receive an exclusive medal on our Sandswept forums for pledging $25 or more! We're already almost 4% in the first few hours! Thank you so much for your pledges so far! - The Sandswept Team edit: Looks like we hit 4% while we were writing this very short post! Thank you VERY much! You guys are awesome!