I never received anything from this project. How can i send you my address so you can send me a check for the $35 I sent you. Jerónimo M.M., Any news? Regards, Christian I pledged $300 dollars in 2012. It will be 2019 soon. I have never received ANYTHING. You would think that people making things about Ayahuasca would be more conscientious and have a little bit more impeccability in the words they use and the promises they make. Why do you not have better communication with your backers ? How many more years! it is April 2018 I received my pledge but no DVD is it not finished ? I moved 3 years ago. Do you have my new address? Just got the audio CD. Can't wait to listen! Been reading the stories inside the liner notes. Really great. Thank you! happy holidays to you also. things always take longer than you think they will, many times I've said "this will just take me a minute to do" and 3 hours later i'm still working away. hope your 2018 is more peaceful, thanks for the update I can imagine it's hard not to have this project flow as anticipated. I'm understanding though I do wonder from time to time if I've missed something. A little message would help, thanks. Hi! I responded to the "final call" e-mail, but have not yet received anything.. did something go wrong? :-O Please let me know.. Best regards How many more years! Hola. Tres meses desde que llegó el mail pidiéndonos la dirección... ¿Alguna novedad? Además, no coincidía con el dinero que puse... Gracias. At long last!!! Woohoo!! 5 years have passed since this project was funded. Would you have an update for us? Thank you. @creator Again, where is my book I pledged for? @creator Where is my book I pledged for? I am happy to announce that National Public Radio in the United States will be broadcasting a feature on their "All Things Considered" program on June 5 entitled "Kickstarter: Funding Fraud" The program will feature excerpts from the audio interviews I've done with some of you over the past year in relation to your funding of this project. Thank you for your input and stay tuned! Checking in on any new updates. Four years folks...... 4 years have passed since this project was funded. Would you have an update for us? Thank you. We plan to deliver to you 100% of the physical rewards (CDs, shirts, DVDs, books) by year’s end. We are determined that 2015 will be the year you get your rewards. Esto se colgó mientras escribia... En fin para no volver a repetirme: Acojonante el ritual del enterramiento!!!! I want more.. Mi reward reinviertelo en un dia de comida para el editor!! Besos primo!! Thanks for the update! Much appriciated. Good luck to you all with everything :) Jero, thanks for the much needed and extensive update. I was inclined to remove my previous comment in light of this but there is no way to do that it appears. Feel free to. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hi Folks, This project raised $53,193 on kickstarter and another $11,063 on indiegogo. The folks behind this debacle just raised another $50,000 on kickstarter for their film Monomgamish. I am bringing this story to a friend of mine at NPR. If you would like to be involved, please contact me at <email> I can agree with the commenters below. It has been 3 years of waiting and not a lot of communication. Please let us know we supported something worthy and not dropped. You have now pasted the 3 year mark since the campaign closed and 1 year since your last update. Making updates is 30 min out of your life. This whole thing is dissapointing and frankly adds weight to the public perception that we are all just drug users who can't get their life together. Please at least post an update once a year! "We are working on the rewards and you will be getting sneak peeks into them very soon." It has been 10 months since this was written. What gives? Any news on the project? Why do I not have my book reward yet? Is this the film we all supported? <url>….What's going on??? Hope to hear soon. Happy New Year! Any update? I never got anything from you! Thanks It's been a while since an update was offered, can we receive one soon? Hi Jerónimo, Will we see the movie soon? I don't mind gifts, I would just like to see the movie. When can you put it online? Thank you. Hi Jerónimo, How is the project coming along? Thank you. Alguna novedad?? Any word on this? Time for an update? any updates on digital downloads for songs/poder verde? Hi Jeronimo - wow. I just read about all the struggles and the crazy cuts to monies raised because of percentages and such. I agree with others in that you shouldn't stress over all of this unexpected stuff. You are doing an amazing job and providing a gift to the world with this project. I also agree with the digital mp3 download option. That would be perfect. We don't need a physical CD at all. Here is a website that allows you to design and print t-shirts (and lots of other things) on demand. You could create a whole collection of Ayahuasca Project items for people to purchase. You would have to rice them high because of the percentage taken by them - but you are used to that by now :) <url>"stretch goal" $50,000 flame on. looking forward to the movie FELICIDADES por lograr la segunda meta !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hi. I live in Nova Scotia and watched the short version of the film on CBC's The Nature of Things. I have a lot of friends here that have been involved in illegal use of prescription drugs, methadone has become just another party drug. I hope Health Canada will listen to Dr. Mate, as old natural methods seem to work better then todays band aids. Acabo de colaborar con vuestro proyecto. Me enteré sobre la existencia de esta planta hace muy poco. Se está haciendo cada vez más popular :-) Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesso !!! Felicitaciones por haber logrado la meta!! Congrats! So happy you've made the goal! Congratulations on meeting the goal! I'm so excited to see the finished film and show it to family and loved ones! can't wait to see the movie. Congratulations!!! Congratulations on the success!