Hey everybody! Crystal Catacombs is releasing tomorrow!!! Shortly after midnight tonight, you will all receive an email from Humble Bundle. This email will include instructions on how to download all of your digital Crystal Catacombs goodies! If you are one of the awesome few who gets to receive our nifty physical items, you can expect them to be in the mail this weekend! So, now would be a great time to inform us of any address changes. Thank you so much for supporting our project, and please send some feedback on the game once you get a chance to crack it open! Cheers, Dustin Boyd Details/Subscribe Here! Facebook Event Here! Hope to see ya there! :D -Maxwell Hey everyone, The Beta has officially been launched through the Humble Store ! To obtain your copy, head over to the download page and enter the same email address you used when backing the project. Stay tuned for version updates in the near future! For those of you looking to help shape the project, please send all questions, comments or suggestions to: <email>. We can also start a little forum Q&amp;A here as well :) Thanks! -Maxwell Dearest Backers, The first version of the (PC, Mac and Linux) Beta has been completed and is currently awaiting for distribution via the Humble Store . As soon as I get the thumbs up, I'll release another Update to officially notify all of our Beta Backers that the download is ready. Keep in mind, this is the very first official public release of the game. Expect many more Beta Updates from now until our newly announced February 1st release date. Those of you who will be playing the game may notice some strange bugs/glitches, as well as some unfinished assets/mechanics. Stats, descriptions and whatever else needs to be finished or revised will continuously be changing throughout the updates - she is evolving daily. As of now, the game is approximately 55-60% completed. This first Beta consists of the basic essentials to jump into the game and play through the three available realms. It really gives you a great sense of what the game is all about. The game itself has proven to be very challenging, fun and varied . I hope you enjoy it as much as I have. Personally, I love it - and I'm easily the games toughest critic. One thing I absolutely recommend is playing with a controller! The game is currently plug-and-play compatible with the Xbox 360 controller. I'd also like to take this time to welcome our newest team member to the Catacombs Family, Crescent Moon Games ! CMG will be acting as our Publisher and the forefront in the newly announced iOS and Android ports of Crystal Catacombs! Development on the mobile ports will kick into high gear after the initial release for the computer platforms - stay tuned for release details! The last bit of news I wanted to share with everyone is that for the first time since we began work on the actual development of the game - The ENTIRE Crystal Catacombs development team is now working together - in person! I've relocated to Arizona for the next few months to oversee the production/completion of the project. Super Fun Games has done a tremendous job - and now that we're working together on-site (just in this past first week) the game has solidified by leaps and bounds. I can't begin to tell you how much this is going to add to the efficiency of the project. It changes everything and you can definitely expect to see some great progress within the future Beta builds. See you in the Catacombs! -Maxwell Hey guys, First off - Beta News: The Beta development is coming along well. In the past few weeks the team has made some great progress. Currently, we are focusing on wrapping up loose ends and making sure everything works/looks/plays the way it's supposed to. A time consuming process indeed ... Stay tuned!... In the meantime: I invite you to please take a closer look at some of the enemy designs/animations I've created for Catacombs ! I've been working on these buggers what seems like FOREVER ... and I love each one as if it were my own abominable spawn. Awww. Whaddya think? Shameless Self Promotion: I've decided to update my portfolio site to try and attract some ' freelance Pixel/Art/Game/Design' work (gotta pay those bills and game development ain't cheap!). If you are interested -or know of anyone who might be- please feel free to contact me. I'd love to collaborate with some of our backers :D There's lots to check out here . I've been using this "Blogolio" for a few years now. Poke around the site and maybe even get a glimpse into my madness... Next Update: Developer Video #3 - Coming Soon! And don't forget to check out the latest Developer Video: Lost Jungles and Random Worlds! The video quality is not... great - but I'm working within my... technological limitations... OKAY!? Thanks everyone, Maxwell Dear Maxwell, Where is Crystal Catacombs!? Last summer I donated $__ to your project and since then I have not seen much of anything besides a few random updates with false dates. What gives?! You suck, -Grandma That is not an actual letter I've received from my Gram-Gram, but I feel that some of you may be starting to feel this way and I believe that is completely understandable. I have sucked at sharing information with you about this project - but it has nothing to do with negligence or a lack of interest. It’s because I’ve set a high standard for content. If I don’t feel like something is ready to be divulged and shared with the people that made this project possible, I won’t share it. I’ve dedicated the past three years of my life to Crystal Catacombs and by Mega Man’s buster, it will kill me before I see it not happen. I hope you understand that I would rather say nothing during development than release inadequate, filler information. I’m not here to bullshit you, my top priority is to use the money you gave us to create something worthy of your time. There isn’t a day that goes by where the team is not trying to get this game finished for you . At this point, our next goal is to release the Beta, which will contain the first several levels of the game wrapped up in a functional, cohesive and hopefully, entertaining package. We are trying very hard to make this happen for July 31st . As of now, the entire team is in revisions mode. I can share approximate, projected release dates with you but I’m not going to make false promises. I wish I knew exactly how the future of the development will play out but the truth is that Crystal Catacombs is an ambitious project being produced by a fairly small team of talented, dedicated, underpaid and overworked individuals. We have one shot to make a great first impression and show you all what we've been working so hard on. I’m optimistic that this project can be something that you will be proud to have contributed to but at this point, it simply needs more time to cook. The great thing about being a part of this new frontier that is crowd funded projects is that I have total control over what I want my project to be. I don’t have any producers or executives stepping in to make stupid changes or impose permanent deadlines. With this creative freedom, I've dedicated - NO, I've made it my responsibility as the Director/Designer/Artist of Crystal Catacombs to create something unique and enjoyable for you. This is my primary goal for the project. Stay tuned for the hopefully soon-to-be-released Beta’s details and thank you for your patience. -Maxwell Dearest backers, I apologize for the long absence. Levels or Lives and Super Fun Games have both been very hard at work on Crystal Catacombs. Aside from being our first game, this is by far the most ambitious project I’ve ever attempted to take on. The magnitude and scale of creating Crystal Catacombs is enormous - and seems to only get bigger. The game is coming along wonderfully. Every day presents us with new problems to solve, and if there is anything I’ve learned about game design – problem solving is the name of the game. If Crystal Catacombs was an ever-growing, bloodthirsty carnivorous space plant who I first nourished with droplets of my own blood – we’d be feeding her hobo parts by now. The project has become bigger than I ever imagined, but how beautiful she sings. On April 8th the BETA will be released and the gaming world will get its first real look. We hope to see you there. Meanwhile, here are some of the current happenings you can get behind: For the next week we’ll be holding a drawing for a free boxed version of Crystal Catacombs and a T-shirt. All you have to do to enter is like Crystal Catacombs on Facebook . If you’d like , you can also follow us on Twitter and/or Instagram . I'm sure you guys are already aware of how absolutely crucial word of mouth is for any indie project. Also, I’m currently running a pretty nice boxed NES/collection EBay auction to help with my personal funds. Did you know you can melt peanut butter over pan fried ramen noodles to make an excellent 'Poor Man’s Pad Thai'? Anyways, I consider this another sacrifice to the time and resource gods, if you will. If you have any questions regarding Catacombs or this post (whatever, really) please feel free to contact me directly at <email> As always, thank you for your continuing support. You’re all beautiful people. ~ Keep an eye out for the new LevelsorLives.com next month too! Crystal Catacombs’ approximate release date is for July 31st, 2013 (PC, Mac and Linux via Digital Download). Depending on the outcome of the initial release, further platform ports are still very possible. The BETA will be released on April 8th and will most likely be available for about a month’s time. If you would like to be a part of the BETA (it should be a lot of fun!) you can still upgrade your rewards tier by paying towards the $50 Beta Tester tier. This can be done by donating through PayPal via LevelsorLives.com . While I’m on the subject - the website is currently in the process of being upgraded for a more user friendly experience. I’ll keep you posted. Levels or Lives has officially partnered up with Super Fun Games to help bring Crystal Catacombs to the next level and the development is really beginning to pick up momentum. I don’t want to divulge too much concerning the development progress but I can tell you that the game is definitely moving in the right direction… The last build I saw made me very, very happy. Good things are happening! Ideally, I’d like to get everyone’s boxed versions, t-shirts, prints and the rest of the rewards mailed out at the same time – which means that it will most likely be towards the actual release date. I’ll contact each reward tier with mailing details/requests towards the end of the year. I want to make sure that this stuff is something you guys will be able to enjoy. As always, thank you for your continuing support! -Maxwell Hey everyone! I've posted some new enemy screenshots, artwork and music over at the Levels or Lives Blogspot page. I'm also planning on doing a bigger Halloween update that covers some info on approximate dates, details on the Beta/development and of course - your rewards! :D Hello everyone, I wanted to let you all know that we've finished the first version of the Levels or Lives website. Along with Facebook and Twitter, it should act as a good source for new info pertaining to Crystal Catacombs. If you haven't already, you can also pre-order a copy of the game from the site! As we push forward with development, I'll make sure to keep everyone updated! Cheers! -Maxwell When I was young, I loved to draw mazes on paper. Scattered throughout the little graphite and ball-point pen constructed hallways were scary monsters, magical weapons and helpful tools (say, if you found the hammer, you could create a shortcut by erasing a section of the 'wall', kinda thing). Whatever neural pathways were forged into my small, developing brain by this manner of thinking... Have clearly not changed. In fact, they've become a leading source of inspiration in the pursuit of my own creativity, as well as my everyday life. Over a year ago I began work on what is now Crystal Catacombs. An ambitious project that is a direct result of my passion for exploring creativity, the video games I've come to love and the art of creating something real from a single idea. Now, over 800 people from all over the world have come together to support Crystal Catacombs. I can't really express my gratitude for how much you've helped out... but I can say thank you. Thank you so much for helping to create this game. I am REALLY excited to share this with all of you. I believe that when you truly fall in love with an idea, run with it - YOU have proven this. Thank you Well friends, we’ve reached the 15k extended goal which means - we’ll be including a Map Editor into Crystal Catacombs!! Whoooooooooo! I can’t wait to see what kinda cuh-razy lavals you guys come up with!! :D Has it been a month already? Woah. As we draw ever closer to the funding deadline, I’d like to take a moment and thank everyone here on Earth who has helped us out. Along with all of you beautiful backers, we’ve had a show of support from some really great publications as well. These guys rock: GameZebo Rock, Paper, Shotgun Game Informer Indie Games.com DIYGamer The Indie Game Magazine Aaaaaand of course, Kickstarter! If I’ve forgotten anyone – I love you too. If you guys know of anyone who you think might enjoy this game, by all means, please tell them about it! 24 hours to go! I’ll be sending you guys another update tomorrow afternoon once the funding crosses the finish line!! A big ol' thanks from Levels or Lives (and Jack the cat)! Solo, Boxed Version of Crystal Catacombs Now Available! Due to popular demand, we've created a new $125 tier that includes a boxed version of the game and instruction manual! Check out the pledge for more details. Beta Testing! I'm happy to announce that we're shooting for an early fall release for the beta testing phase! If you haven't already signed up, It's not too late to join in and be one of the first people to play Crystal Catacombs! The Official Levels or Lives Website! We're working on a new site! Once it's all polished, the official Levels or Lives internet webpage will act as our new base of operations. Expect lots of features including news, artwork, updates and more! We're aiming for it to be up and running right as the Kickstarter project finishes up. In the meantime, you can always check out our Update Page! A lot can happen in a week... Last but not even close to least, I just have to thank all you again for showing your support for Crystal Catacombs. You're making this possible! We have about a week left, so... Help spread the word and lets see just how far we can take it!! -Maxwell <url>