Hi Peter, awaiting your reply. Regards, Mike Hi Peter, thank you for giving me the chance to purchase the Promo Cards, which I would like to do. Please invoice me through Pay Pal. I am looking forward to your expansion. Regards, Mike Arrived in Norway as well. Great. Looking forward to getting this on the table in my gaming group. Received in the UK yesterday! Only just opened. Looks fantastic. Thanks Peter! BoB in the UK today. Great art, love the feel to the cards. @Ernst-Jürgen Bonus Cards may be wrong terminology... It's those PROMO CARDS mentioned in the other Kickstarter Project, the playing Cards, (<url>`s Mike. How do I go about getting you my updated address? Just checking in. Hope all is going well. Any updates on progress? Really looking forward to giving this a spin - some good reviews on BGG. @James, thank you :) so 21"x 21" it is. And when I say rows and columns, those refer to sheets of letter size paper, this I used 6 sheets total of 8.5" x 11" paper. If you use A4 size paper, you would probably used the same number of sheets. @Gianluca, I started my test prints under the guide of what Peter had mentioned about the size being 21 x 21. I tested several ways of printing before deciding on my arrangement. @Gianluca, The board should be roughly 21 x 21 inches. I used 8.5" x 11" paper and had it printed in landscape. It used 3 rows and 2 columns to print the board. It came to roughly 20" x 20". I found this to be acceptable when I placed the cards on the board. The hard part can be to get the sections lined up correctly. I used foam board and then glued the board sheets to it. Has anyone an idea of what the size of the printed board should be? I mean considering the card that have to be on it. Murphy struck today since you sent the files after my local print shop closed. I was there today getting some other Print and Play stuff done, including this rule book. Alas, now I must wait until Monday to get these files printed. Everything else is just waiting for me. Game Crafter supplies came early today. So close to being able to play it... I'm ready for the game. Ordered game parts from The Game Crafter. Now all I need are the files to print. I wonder how many of us added on $30 for a second game in the last days of the project. I did! If it was more than 17 or so of us it made a big difference. Glad someone pointed out the option in the comments. When will the PnP be available for those of us that pledged $10? JH @John: Interesting articles, wouldn't hurt if more backers realized all that went into creating a physical game. This has been the only campaign that I've followed with such intensity. You know, following a campaign so closely can be exhausting. No wonder designers need to take a break after the campaign closes. Congratulations to everyone. This is the second hardest campaign I had on Ks (Shadow of the Elder Gods was the other one), But if in SOTEG I was sure we would have failed, here, I do not know why, I was oddly sure we will succeed. At the last second, yes, but we would. I thank everyone helping here and @Peter for keeping up . Now if you excuse me, I will start to glare angrily at my mailbox while I wait the final link to the PnP. :D Congratulations! Looking forward to the game! Posted this on the Update too, as I just got home from work, but want to make sure you see it: Congrats, Peter, and the rest of us! Great post. Nicely done. Post campaign is tough. You'll need help. Mine is offered as a friend and co-creator. Start here: (not selling anything): <url>#11 - #14 are going to be your new best friends. If there's something you experience that isn't in there, just ask. Congrats to the max! I was just hoping we'd make it. I've a lot of time invested watching the progress of this game. Countless hours watching this game inch towards the pledge goal. I guess I adopted it as mine even though I had nothing to do with it. Whenever my friend saw me on Kickstarter, he saw me on this page. Well that was the end of a long but successful night Fully funded and its finally over. well done all the backers Well, Follow-the-Bouncing-Pledge-Total was a wee bit frustrating, but still... HUZZAH! We have BoB! Thanks for the clarification. This bouncing dollar figure definitely isn't good for my poor heart. We seem to be moving...in the wrong direction. 20 more Facebook likes and 16 bgg fans needed! I've looked at so many KS projects recently, I'm not sure at times which things go with which projects. It better recognize it if we get there. And will KS realize it if we do? $500 for two more event cards. Can we pull it off? I'll let Peter handle that one...I'm starting to get my KSes mixed up. :) If we want the full Print and Play, is that an extra $10, or do we get the full Print and Play included with the physical copy? We're happy that you can, too! I found a way to be able to afford the real physical game. I'm quite happy now. @Peter I guess they decided we needed a few extra thrills tonight. Because, you know, getting this funded isn't exciting enough. ;-) Oops, and we're back. Thanks a heap for the scare, KS! It still lists us on the "ending and 100% funded" search, so hopefully this won't be too costly a faux pas. Um, the funding is off by a lot, showing only $195. I know this is an error with KS, but I cannot help but think about those visiting the page and not backing / or dropping their pledge because they do not know that it is funded and very close to the next $ goal. Um, somebody please wake up the techs at KS, I think the system hiccuped. I *know* we have more than $195 in funding! There are 228 likes on facebook and we need a total of 250 for the next goal- 2 additional event cards! <url>"ending and funded". (Limit is 3 additional copies for $30) Yeah it is mentioned in the update "half way there" on May 26th! Wow! I didn't even know that. Just added $30 for an extra copy here too. We currently have 79 fans on bgg, and we need 100 for the next stretch goal! We can do this! Become a fan here: <url>"adding a loved one's likeness" actually means. Awesome job and congrats!!!! Houston, it looks like we have lift off. Boom, I just added $150 to my pledge. You are funded. Email me about adding my beloved wife as a card. Congrats. Not that I wouldn't love to have the physical version. Sadly I'm only getting the Print and Play version so I can't utilize the linen finish on the cards. I can't afford the $39 price difference. :( You will get funded. I personally guarantee. I've just realized that it looks like the designer has now included the linen finish on the cards and the double sided game board (3 goals unlocked) Even more reason to back the game You can tell it's late thats 3 more backers needed (oops) Thats only 1 more full backer need or a print and play with a 1 dollar contribution from a couple of people only $111 dollars left to get us over the finishing line!! Almost there! I wish I was breathing. Okay, I'm breathing again. And don't call me Shirley. @David, We need you pushing this across the line. Therefore, you need to breathe. If you die because you had lack of oxygen, you do us no good. Surely we can get $199. Someone go find Shirley so we can wrap this up. @James Oh wait, was I supposed to swap back? Oh dear... @David, I'm used to holding my breath (or rather not having any because of COPD). I'll take over the breath holding for you. I await your update with bated breath. (I'm just not sure how long I can hold it, so please hurry if you see me turning blue...) Yes...yes...so close, another 10 backers would get us there... Dammit, this thing's gonna get across the finish line if I have to get out and push. I'm not going to sleep tonight, I already know it :D Only $809 to go for the funding level Come on you last minute backers jump onboard Piece of cake me hopes ! -825$ Dear 1$ user. Thank you for believing in this project. I perfectly understand that you may not be able to pay the full game, life is hard for everyone. That said for 9$ more you will receive the complete PnP for a price that qualifies as pure and simple steal. ù To give you an idea, it will cost you less that seing a crappy movie and you will be able to sit three your friends at your table for 10$. And everyone will have fun! Think about it, there is still time ;) Come on lads. we are 826$ from funding this COME ON! I hope that many people have starred this as "Remind me later". @Peter a curiosity, as creator are you informed if someone does that? might be interesting to know To anyone reading this. If you are stioll on the sideline JUMP IN! We need you! and this game is insanely cheap for the fun it promises! We so got this, guys! Congrats! Let's pull this thing out today, and maybe hit a stretch goal before it's all done. Let's go! I'm waiting not so patiently to play this game. Only a little over 1K needed to appease me. Just sent out a FB reminder to all my friends...I know we can make this, and I'm expecting it to happen when the 48h reminders take hold. Anyone know how to grab a Blankenburg avatar with iPad? I can't seem to save it to camera roll. It only lets me select and copy the pics from campaign page. Anyone on the sideline considering this should jump in now. Would be awesome if it funded today. Right, this will be close. Quick todo list for everyone: - We need hotness on Kickstarter so we need comments. Comment, talk your heart out, the more the better - Visibility on Kickstarter is achieved indirectly as well.Please, everyone, change your avatar and go commenting on your other projects. While it is outright rude to go yelling "Hey! watch this awesome project I'm baking!" the avatar generates curiosity and, hopefully, new bakers. - On Bgg go to the main project page and Like it (<url>"Immortality" pledge. Obviously, you think the game is special enough for that...so tell everyone just why, and see if we can get more interest from the people stopping by for a peek. On BGG we now have 58 likes for this game (an increase of 4) Come on backers see if you can push us to the next stretch goal We are definitely heading in the right direction to be fully funded soon As regards the stretch goals an easy one to meet is 100 fans on boardgamegeek.com At the moment there are 215 backers of this project If you are a backer please take the time to visit the boardgamegeek.com website and search for this game, then click on the become a fan button. Of the 215 backers here on kickstarter only 54 people in total have so far bothered or were aware of how to become a fan As we only need 100 backers to attain a new stretch goal this should easily be done if all of the present backers could please become a fan Lets hit that funding target and beyond to make the game as good as we can Don't suppose you're at origins with a proto-type? Slow but steady progress It's looking good to be fully funded with at least a few stretch goals attained. If you are considering backing please don't wait to the last 2 days as once we are fully funded i'm sure more people will jump on the bandwagon. There are a couple of later stretch goals that i would really like added so the sooner it's funded the better the chances of the later stretch goals been attained. In fact, out of curiosity, How much art has already been done by now? One third? 13K barrer broken lads. It is looking good :) Keep the comments coming @Aaron Good question. I would suppose that he gets nothing and loses the Silver. Bad luck on bidding. What happens if a player bids at least one silver during the bidding phase, but there are no resources left when it is their turn to take resources? On an unrelated note, talking about metal coins. One decent solution I found for myself is to collect 1 eurocents pieces, spraypant them the color i want and then glue a size tailored image from both side before covering them in transparent nail polish. I mage the Greek coins for Omen like that and they look good. Besides the expense is ridicolous (1 euro cent a piece). For BOB you can use 5 cents for silver and 2 cents for gold for the rich epense of 6.40 Euro I'm here too, sorry, hectic day at job. This will be another run like Shadow of the elder Gods (Previously known as Shadow of Arkaham) that we pulled off one hour before the end. Love those kind of campaigns. they are always exciting. II know it is annoying to post without real content, so I repost here the baker interview template keep em coming! Backer interview: Where are you from? Tell us a bit about yourself: What's your favorite game type? Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? And in 4 minutes I just claimed 7% of the comments. What now, world!? : P Gotta get this place hoping! @David - BGG has far less Kickstarter-board-game-backer-users than you would expect. As a fan of Randy and The King's Abbey I decided to back this due to the nostalgia I just experienced looking at your box art. Lemme know if you feel the need for advice. You're doing well, and on target to pull this off at the last minute, and I'm happy for you. It looks like a decently put together game. Enjoyed NVS's comments too. (FTR: BGG ad is how I found you. Be glad it's working. : ) BGG goal unlocked. ; ) Super early bird opening up. Sorry, spent too much money on other things. Good luck! We're one BGG fan shy, and 49 FB Likes shy, at least as of my checking the numbers. There are at LEAST 145 backers who have not become BGG fans of the game. (At least our FB numbers are better, but they aren't as good as they need to be!) Only two more fans on board game geek! I asked my Facebook peeps to like the page for free stuff for me ! @Peter I'm happy to keep comments moving, though thinking of something actually worth saying is usually the sticking point. :) One other campaign I'm backing tried using some service called Thunderclap to generate a simultaneous social media message, but couldn't get the minimum 100 people. I have no idea how many of your backers are looking at the campaign and comments, but it might be worth looking at to see if we can generate some noise. Or maybe you could just do an update and announce a "Get Out the Word" day asking people to share the project on the social media of their choice on a specific day, including a comment of why THEY backed the game and why they think their friends might like it too. Can't hurt to try...and I have to assume that anyone who backed the game wants the project to succeed. @Jurgen I do not yet know. I wonder if I'm not already too late to find a room and tickets. @ Gianluca Casu Will you visiting the Essen Fair from 8th Oct. - 11th Oct. this year. Got me a wench! What avatar will you be sporting? @Gianluca, I tried it. I liked it. I could see that being played as I play this game. My grandmother was German. So, whatever part that makes me, I'm part German. @James, try this if you want some medieval German <url>" Another thing about me: I recently started listening to Schlager music. Playing this game will just validate my cranking the volume as I listen to my German music. I'm a decent baker. However, recently had to stop baking due to gluten issues.:( Where are you from? Split time between California, New Mexico, Colorado (USA) Tell us about yourself: I'm an introvert at heart. Started playing video games with the Pong consoles. I got introduced to card games because of my grandmother. I'm willing to try just about any board game. With use of only one arm, I guess I could be a literal one armed bandit. My friend introduced me to the world of Kickstarter, and now I'm becoming poorer as each new day arrives. I'm quite happy working strategy and mathematical puzzles / problems. I'm sick that way, I suppose. What's your favorite type of game? I'd probably say Catan type games. I enjoy the building aspect of Catan along with the card management. Why did you back Builders of Blankenburg? It has the features I like about Catan, but it is also its own game with enough interesting different features. I believe this game deserves to be made. Actually, Gianluca, I'm a terrible baker. Nobody wants my cookies. Including me. But nonetheless... Where are you from? New Jersey (US), currently. Tell us a bit about yourself: I've been a gamer since long before it was cool...and even before I knew what one was. How long? Well, I saw some episodes of the original Star Trek in first run...anyhow, I just love games. I enjoy reading rules, picking at them, figuring out what makes a game tick...and sometimes even playing them. And now, backing them. What's your favorite game type? Well, my favorite type is probably role-playing games, but what I really love is a game that's been cleverly and meticulously designed to keep there from being one set path to winning. Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? Well, you pretty much have your answer from reading the previous one. I like this design. I think other people will too, if they give it a chance. It's pretty tough to compete for attention in the worker-placement category, but I feel this game deserves a chance to live and breathe and find its niche. Okay, i just reshared this project on every SN, i urge everyone to do the same. By the way lads, not a single baker interview outside mine? Come on! It is fun and helps the project rising in popularity :) join the fun ;) I was about to suggest it in fact. I got excellent results with this tecnique. I adapt the coin image to the diameter of small change, then print it and cover it with with a small piece of plastic book cover. <url>£ for 120 coins. @Gianluca Depends where you are. Kickstarters for coins seem to be fairly frequent, and one I was recently in had prices down to around $50 for 120 coins before shipping. I picked up a nice batch that I can use in this and many other games. So while I'll agree that metal coins have a nice tactile feel to them, I think it's interesting that people constantly ask for them in boardgame kickstarters when they could just as easily pick up very nice ones elsewhere...and support yet another project in so doing. In fact, while we are speaking, I have a strange question. What is the size of the board? The more I think about it the more I like the idea of printing it on Fabric. 120 coins in metal is an expensive thing. Just saying. I looked up on Spielematerial ( which is a respectable and quite affordable shop) and the lowest I can find for metal coins is 0.60€ <url>€ (so roughly 78,40$). Ykes! I would still love an option of a paid add-on for silver coins for the deluxe edition. Yep, gotta get more people in here. That 10k mark has GOT to go... Concerning the deluxe edition, what are silver coins made of? Are they cardboard? Just went thumbing on BGG here, became a fan, and subscribed. I also think it may help if we all add Builders of Blankenburg to our BGG wish lists as Must Have. Backer interview: Gianluca Casu Where are you from? All around Europe. At the same time, let's not go into it. I live in Belgium since about ten years now. Tell us a bit about yourself: I'm a Jurist, Law degree in european and industrial right, but I work in IT as projects manager (the irony). I live in Brussels with my wife. I have no kids, which is an issue since my wife HATES boardgaming and any form of gaming in general ( she hates to lose and accepts to play only in things in which either she cannot lose or can only win). So I collect boardgames hoping one day to be able to play them. Outside boardgaming I'm a rugby player (Lock) in a small third division team in Brussels. What's your favorite game type? The one at which I'm worst, which are worker placement and building games. I simply love the idea of building things and see something evolve and grow under my eyes. I just cannot win at them because, well, I suck :P Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? Three reasons: 1) The theme is rich and makes sense to me. We need houses, we need materials, we need money, we earn prestige, we get money from people using the houses. Logic. 2)The game seem equilibrated to me and with many possibilities for different strategies 3)This seems a great project as PnP just for the fun of it. :) A good friend here on Kickstarter, Rainer Ahlfors, started baker interviews and this has become one of the main driver of many campaigns we did together. So, as my smart friend did I do here. Please fill in the following interview. Backer interview: Where are you from? Tell us a bit about yourself: What's your favorite game type? Why did you decide to back Builders of Blankenburg? Hello lads and lasses. This project seems to have some rocky story behind it, but do not worry, KS has a long story of projects that were pulled off against all odds. That said let's get to work. Kickstarter and BGG are related and connected, we have just to push the right buttons - We need hotness on Kickstarter so we need comments. Comment, talk your heart out, the more the better - Visibility on Kickstarter is achieved indirectly as well.@Peter, we need avatars to punt on our profile. Please, everyone, change your avatar and go commenting on your other projects. While it is outright rude to go yelling"Hey! watch this awesome project I'm baking!" the avatar generates curiosity and, hopefully, new bakers. - On Bgg go to the main project page and Like it ( <url>"What will you build?" with the three buildings appearing lets me know what kind of game this is instantly, including theme and approximate setting. If I hadn't already backed the game, I would've clicked to check it out (and I very rarely click ads). Hope it draws in more backers! not 'php' but 'pnp' 2 questions: 1. Which town named 'Blankenburg' is the town behind the story? 2. Will the full php-version only be part of the 10 USD-pledge or is it included in all the other higher pledge levels? Yes...we're ahead of the first time around and only 12h in. Glad that this is back and seems to be going well. Don't forget to go over to BGG and become a fan of the game...after all, your pledge only gets more valuable if you do! (Same with Facebook if you use that. The man's giving away free stuff for mouse clicks, grab it with both hands!) Me too! Glad to be back.