Hi Backers, Every good journey needs a bit of an emotional narration at the end. Now that the Kickstarter campaign is winding down and Thermodo is going into its next phase, we felt like it was important to take a look back at what we've been through together. Here's a little video. If you've been following our Behind The Scenes videos , you've already seen the above ending, but we wanted to make sure that as many people as possible saw it. You can also find it on Vimeo . We hope you're proud of the journey we've been on together and want to help us share it with the world. iOS Companion app update 1.2 This weekend Apple finally approved a major update to the Companion App. We've been working on version 1.2 for months and it delivers on the promise of bringing Thermodo to even more people. The update introduces a completely redesigned iPad experience and the much discussed iOS 6 support . There's a ton of other cool things in there like a landscape mode on the iPhone and the ability to show measurement details like high, low, average and a graph over time on the main screen. Go download it right now , and if you like it, we'd love it if you would leave a review on the app store. &lt;3 Android SDK released Last week we also released the Android SDK! You can find all the details on Github so if you're a developer you can start playing with Thermodo integration today. Both the iOS SDK and the Android SDK are now available and we'll continue to develop them, but it feels great to finally be able to deliver on those campaign promises. We can't wait to see what you'll build with this. Missing rewards If you're one of the few people who still haven't received their reward and haven't been in contact with our lovely support, Charlotte, be sure to drop her an email on <email> . We want to make sure that everyone gets what they've pledged for. Charlotte is doing a great job manning the inboxes and we try to get back to everyone as fast as possible (do keep in mind that we're a very small team though). We'll continue to share our progress as we wrap up the Kickstarter journey and take our first steps towards bringing Thermodo to a wider audience. Thank you for your continued support, you guys are the best. Sincerely, Your Team in Copenhagen Hi Everyone! The start of 2014 have been an amazing time; more than 12.000 Thermodos have arrived around the world and we've been awed by the response. We've had a busy Christmas and January answering thousands of messages and trying to get back to everyone who have written us, be it praise or criticism. Most people have received their Thermodos by now, and if you haven't, do send us an email to <email> and we'll investigate. But shipping the rewards is only part of the job. While you might feel like it's all over, now that you've received your Thermodo, we're far from done with this project. Behind the scenes #8 But before we move on to some exciting announcements, what better way to kick off this update than releasing what could possibly be the last 'Behind The Scenes' video of the campaign. If you only watch one of these, make it this one. <url>"on time". We definitely shared this frustration. A couple of things went down that didn't help the situation. Here's some of it: Shipping anything during the holidays is attached with quite a hefty risk. Risk of delays or even packages that never reach their destinations. The usual variation in local carrier effectiveness is greatly compounded during this time, making it impossible to tell when a product arrives. In the worst case scenarios, an internationally shipped package could be stuck somewhere for weeks. The automatic email that our shipping partner Shipwire sends out when the parcel leaves the warehouse spat out a much too optimistic delivery estimate. A lot of backers were obviously let down when they didn't receive their rewards within that given estimate. We've told Shipwire about this issue. Our freight partners DBSchenker actually lost one of our bulk shipments enroute to our LA facility. This caused a strain on our supply and meant that a few hundred people had to wait until the end of January to get their Black and Kickstarter Green Edition Thermodos. We've scrambled for solutions and we've only now just finally recovered the lost items. Watching our previous Behind The Scenes video on Shipping gives a bit of insight into the complexity of the structure. When moving physical products a whole spectrum of interesting things can go wrong. As a team that is used to dealing with digital distribution, this has truly been a test of patience. Nothing is more upsetting than having angry, sad and confused backers complain when the solution is in someone else's hands. We hope that you didn't have to wait too long for your Thermodo, and if you did, that you understand that we did everything we could. There might also still be some people that have yet to receive their rewards. Maybe they're stuck somewhere, maybe their package got lost or damaged or maybe the carrier couldn't find the address they've supplied, and it was simply returned to the warehouse. We want to make sure that everyone got what they backed for, so if you're still waiting for your reward - please contact us on <email> and we'll do some Sherlock Holmes'ing and figure out what has happened. Don't write it out in the comments below, we can't really give you proper support there. &lt;3 Thermodo in a magazine! A long featured article was published in the amazing Offscreen Magazine issue No. 7 . It features an in-depth and behind the scenes look at the Thermodo campaign written by Robocat founder &amp; designer Michael Flarup . The article features a couple of candid details that you might be interested in. Pick up a copy directly from their website. iOS 6 app rejected but revived We promised that we'd get back to you on the status and feasibility of an iOS 6 compatible Thermodo Companion app. When we wrote those words we were actually already working on a standalone version of the app, optimized for iOS 6, but didn't want to spoil the surprise if anything went wrong. We worked on it during the holidays and it was submitted in early January. Unfortunately, as we feared, it was rejected by Apple. They felt the functionality was too similar to the iOS 7 version. It's important to understand their motivation here; Apple want to push the new iOS adoption rate forward and as such, they're not interested in supporting developers who want to build something specifically for an old OS. In a sense, we're kind of up against the wind here. We've now gone back to the, much harder, job of trying to combine it all into one universal app. We've made some really cool advances that also includes a custom design for iPad, but more on all of this later. Despite setbacks, we're almost there. The Future Your continued support is what makes all of this possible. Show Thermodo to a friend, talk about it on your social network of choice and be sure to send us some cool pictures, like this one from Trevor Prentice, who used an extension cable to integrate Thermodo into his Jacket. We'd love to see some Thermodos out in the wild. We hope you've had some time to play around and experiment with the sensitive equipment we've build together. The job of the Kickstarter campaign is coming to an end, but the story about Thermodo is hopefully just beginning. We hope the above clearly communicates that we're still working on this project. We're working on improving our software. We're keeping up with support messages, building out our FAQ , and community on twitter and facebook and at some point in the near future, we'll launch a brand new website and shop. We're entering into a phase where Thermodo needs to transform from a Kickstarter project to an actual product. There's many facets to that transformation and we'll continue to keep you backers informed through intermittent updates here on the page. Sincerely, Your Team in Copenhagen Hi Backers! Whoa, what a crazy week! Thousands of Thermodos have already arrived at backers around the world and thousands more are on their way. Before jumping into all the questions, comments, despairs and desires, let's just take a moment to recognize the huge accomplishment we've reached together. You have allowed a few guys from Copenhagen to create a little hardware thermometer which we are now shipping in the thousands. We've worked our hearts out on this for the past 8 months and we hope you can tell. Now, when thousands of people get a highly anticipated first run of a product in their hands a whole spectrum of emotions are unleashed. In the past week, we've tried to do our very best to clearly communicate what Thermodo is and isn't and how to get the most out of it. To help in that task we've put together a FAQ that we recommend every Thermodo owner read. We figured that we'd take this update to just go over some of the central themes of the past week, announce a few initiatives and clear up some misconceptions. But before we do that, we just want to say that we love you. The response has been overwhelming and by far the most people have been very happy with their Thermodos and the sheer outpour of excitement on Twitter and Facebook has been palpable here at the office. We've collected just a handful of all the pictures you've send us so far on our instagram account , but a quick search on Twitter also reveals the wave of happy backers who have received their rewards. Keep the pictures and good wishes coming, we thrive on them. Now, has it all just been joy and hugs? Absolutely not. As with any launch a whole range of issues and concerns have cropped up. The comment section have been busy (and we've done our best to keep up with it). We've received a ton of emails, tweets and messages on kickstarter. Nothing is perfect, and no-one is more keenly aware than your perfectionistic team in Copenhagen. Let's look at some of the most important things and what we can do about them. Faulty Snaplocks While most snaplocks work exactly as designed, it has become clear that there's some snaplocks out there that are just not performing within acceptable parameters. As you know, the snaplock has been one of the things we've revised over and over again during production, so it's sad when someone actually receives one that doesn't work like intended. The snaplock itself is supposed to click in there. It is supposed to be fairly easy to remove and it is supposed to 'spring' into action when it gets a little nudge. However, we've heard reports of people being able to fling their sensor off the keychain just by the motion of their arm. That is not supposed to happen! If you believe you have received a faulty snaplock, one that is simply too loose - please contact us and we'll help you examine it and send out a replacement. iOS 6, jailbreaks and legacy software A small but very vocal group of people have complained that the companion app doesn't support iOS 6. We understand your frustration, and if you have 4 year old hardware (like the iPhone 3GS) it means that you can't use your Thermodo right now. Most of the people complaining are however, for their own reasons, not choosing to upgrade to the latest OS and quite a few of those are people on jailbroken devices. We want to emphasize, that supporting iOS 6 is a much bigger undertaking than you might think. This is not just a matter of checking off a different box when the code is compiled. The underlying construction and the tools used are different and it would be like building a completely separate app for that shrinking percentage of users. Throwing that kind of resources towards supporting a legacy OS just wasn't feasible for the launch. This doesn't mean that it'll never happen, in fact we're looking into building this into the SDK but even Apple has published an announcement that after February 1st, all apps need to be optimized for iOS7. We'll evaluate our options next year, we have not forgotten about you! Android We've been working our butts off on the Android version of the companion app and we're not going to lie, it has been very difficult. For a long while it looked like it was coming along fine, but these past few weeks we've hit one brick wall after another. The problem is how different the devices are and how they all react radically differently when you stick something in their audio port. We have sourced a lot of devices and set up rigorous testing on both Thermodo detection and measurement. It has truly been an uphill battle. One method might work on one type of device but completely fail on another. The good news is that we're launching a version 1.0 of the Companion app for Android today. It is however, only supporting a limited amount of devices to begin with and that is: Samsung S2, Nexus Galaxy &amp; Nexus 5 (on the Nexus 5 you need to plug it in before you open the app). You can download it from the Google Play Store here . Those are the devices that have passed ALL of our tests and that we know work for sure. This doesn't mean that all other devices doesn't work, but it is very much untested and potentially unreliable. The app currently supports Android 4.0.3 (Ice Cream Sandwich) and above. This is a work in progress and it's only going to improve. We have a lot of ideas on the table and we're going to keep on working at it, heck we'll rebuild the entire library we're using if that is what it takes. We'll open up a Google+ community where we can distribute betas to interested backers in the new year. We would have liked nothing more than to just have this working on all of the top Android devices at launch. Unfortunately we've had to come to the conclusion that getting it to work on the many different Android devices was a much bigger challenge than we initially thought and for that, we truly apologize. We have an Android app out now and we feel like that is a beginning. We will continue to improve it and build out support for more devices in the coming weeks. ♥ Warmer temperature readings Among the many awesome pictures we've received with Thermodos performing with dead-on accuracy next to thermostats and other thermometers, we've also received quite a few reports of temperature measurements that was higher than expected. What's going on? We want to start out by saying that there's nothing wrong with your Thermodo. Inside your Thermodo is a high grade precision sensor with decimal-point accuracy. If you're getting a temperature reading, *that* is the temperature of your Thermodo. There is no inaccuracy or calibration, it's simply that warm inside your Thermodo in that environment. Once we have that truth out of the way, we can start to look at what's really going on with these measurements that seem 'off'. It all comes down to the environment. A lot of things can impact your temperature reading, and like with all sensitive equipment it’s easy to ‘pollute’ your measurement. The two biggest factors of heat is your device and yourself. Around your device is a bubble of heat, even when it feels cold to the touch. This is more complex than you might think because it varies greatly, depending on how long the device has been in use, screen brightness, CPU intensive tasks and charging. Even holding your phone will transmit some of your heat to it. As soon as you touch your Thermodo, you start to warm it up with your body heat, even just taking it out of the keyring can impact your reading with 5-10 degrees Fahrenheit. This is sensitive business, and that isn't even taking into account the many other micro climactic factors that can impact your reading. So if our aim is to measure the ambient temperature, how do we go about it? If you're just trying to get a quick estimate, turning on the 'compensate for device heat' in the settings pane will help negate the worst heat pollution. Experiment with what works in your circumstances and for many people this will be just fine. If you want to get scientific about it, and we know some of you do, here's some tips. Leave Thermodo uninterrupted in the environment you want to measure for a few minutes before taking the measurement. When you do, take it with a cold device with minimal or no touching of the sensor. We've seen people lower their phone onto the jack pole. Read the measurement fairly quickly, remember the longer it stays in your phone, the warmer it'll get. Another option, which is definitely the most scientific of them all, is to get a 4-pole audio extension cable. We've shown this a few times in our videos. We're working on getting a supplier for next year, but they're available many places. Using an extension cable not only allows you to measure things that are not immediately around you, but it removes the Thermodo from the most obvious heat sources, you and your device. Everyone who tries this has remarked on the speed and accuracy. It is really taking it to the next level. Simon Støvring send us this video of his setup: Many of these things can also be said about the 'speed' in which Thermodo takes measurements. If you're tracking a drastic temperature change (like taking Thermodo from inside to outside) you'll effectively slow down the cooling process by having it plugged into a device. If you at first don't succeed, don't despair. The art of taking accurate temperature measurements can take a bit of getting used to. But trust us when we say, that what you're holding in your hand is one of the more precise thermometers you'll ever encounter. It's all about the environment and learning how to master it. Premiums By now there's a lot of anxious backers waiting for their beautiful Premium Thermodos. Well, we've got some great news! The full Premium shipment has finally arrived at the LA facility. That means that they'll go through receiving in the next few days and should be ready to ship out around Christmas. UK Premium shipment is in transit to Europe. It'll probably spend its Christmas night in customs and we're hoping it'll be ready for fulfillment in the first week of January. When your Thermodo ships out, you'll receive a shipment notification email. This is all pretty much automated. No one is more eager than us to get these to you- we also wish it would go faster - but at this point it'll happen when it happens. Remember if you have both a regular and a premium Thermodo reward, it'll go out together once the premiums come in stock. The Companion app The companion app for iPhone was released last week, you can get it on the App Store here. Here's a few currently known issues: There's a bug in the companion app where Fahrenheit decimals aren't displayed. This is fixed in the upcoming update. For some, the companion app fails to re-initialize thermodo after quitting the app (or taking a phone call) and needs to be killed and restarted before working again. We hope this is fixed in the upcoming version Don't have headphones plugged in when you open up the app, as it'll send a loud thermodo detection signal through. We're working on a new smarter scheme that can intelligently detect if it's a headphone or a thermodo (much harder than it sounds) A new update was submitted to Apple today fixing the first two issues. Wrapping up It has been an amazing ride so far, but trust us when we say that we are not done working on Thermodo. 2014 is going to be another exciting year. We've already started to see the first 3rd party app integrations with the SDK and we have a whole roadmap planned out for our own integrations. It'll be a year where we transition from Kickstarter project to real product and it'll be a year where we further reinforce the software that we have tentatively put out now. We want you to know how much we appreciate your support. We have tried to get back to each and one of you, no matter if you've send us a love letter or a hateful comment. We care about you and we care about this project. We also sometimes need to remind ourselves that we're just a few guys in a small office. We shoot for the stars, but the bags under our eyes remind us that we've worked passionately for 8 months, and while nothing is ever perfect, we're proud of the adventure we've been on. What was last year just an idea is now a physical product shipping to thousands of people. There's still work left to be done for sure, but we think we're off to a great start. We're going to take a little break over Christmas. Spend some time with our families who haven't seen us much lately. Thank you again for everything this year. What an adventure it has been so far. See you next year! Merry Christmas, Your team in Copenhagen Hi Backers! It's December, and shipping is in full swing: Freight forwarders are collaborating with customs experts, factory liaisons are coordinating with fulfillment warehouses and we're pulling all the strings from Copenhagen. It's truly an amazing operation at an epic scale! To give you a bit of insight into this crazy time, we've got another Behind The Scenes episode ready for you. Don't miss this one! <url>ǐ hǎo Backers! We've got a very special update for you today. Production is in full swing and we've been leaning hard on our Chinese manufacturers to provide us with some actual factory floor footage that we could share with you. A lot of solutions have been on the table to bring you production footage, everything short of going there ourselves. But right when it looked the most hopeless, we had a colleague of ours pass through the area and he brought back some amazing and candid footage from the factory. Let's go to China! <url>"somewhere else". No matter the reason there's certainly this veil of mystery over mass manufacturing that's rarely exposed to the public (unless it's a shiny high tech lab in a commercial setting) and it's a shame really, because it's so interesting to see how things are made. We believe that by showing stuff like this, you get a much deeper appreciation of the challenges that has been overcome and the custom solutions that have been thought up in bringing you the product. As consumers we might have gotten a bit too comfortable in just picking up things at the store. Working on something like Thermodo has certainly given us a new appreciation of physical goods. Progress Report: Hardware The Regular Thermodos are almost done and we should receive a sample of them at the Robocat office in Copenhagen any day now. We're affectionately referring to this as the '0-series production', but technically it's a selection of the first major production run, handpicked, packaged and send to us for evaluation. Here's some pictures from China. Production of Premium Thermodos are still in full swing. Engraving and anodizing is a slow process - much slower than painting. But from what we're hearing, it sounds like everything is progressing nicely. They send us these gorgeous shots taken right after the engraving. We can only speculate how awesome this is going to look once anodizing and glass bead blasting is done. Progress Report: Software Three separate things are going on with software right now. First of all, Android development of the Thermodo Companion app has taken off. We've got a top team working on it and once we have something to show you, we'll fold it into an update. Secondly, the Thermodo SDK is being documented and prepared for a wider distribution. We should begin to allow backer developers access any day now. Third, we've been working on a set of intro screens for the Companion app to help new users get the most out of their newly acquired Thermodos. There's a lot of people who might not have had such sensitive equipment in their hands before and we want to make sure that everybody understands the core principles at work. That's it for this time. We're expecting the "0-series production" to arrive soon - once it does we'll enter into the very last stages of the project. We hope you enjoyed the latest Behind The Scenes video. Remember that you can catch up on all of them over at <url>ài jiàn, - Your Team in Copenhagen Hi Backers! We've got some sweet stuff lined up for you in today's update. While the factories are chugging away at the initial batch of 12.000 Thermodos, we're testing sensitivity and pushing the software further. Let's dive right into it. Here's a new Behind The Scenes episode for you (it has frozen thermodos in it): <url>#2 ', so let us know in the comments. As always, we thank you for your patience and understanding as we continue on this journey. Stay awesome! Sincerely, Your team in Copenhagen. Hi Backers! We are just checking in to give you the latest from our desks here in Copenhagen. First of all, we want to thank you for the great response we got on our last update . You are the best backers a team could wish for and we are happy that most of you understand the realities of building hardware, and how much Thermodo has evolved since the initial timeline was penciled in. Today we're going to try and give you a better idea of some of the things we've been working on lately. Let's start by looking at the most time consuming part of it all. Production progress &amp; challenges Understanding that creating hardware holds a lot of challenges is one thing, but living through the roadblocks and setbacks is another. While we've been blessed with backers who obviously understand and respect the first thing, we want to dive deeper and share some more specifics on what some of those challenges have been and what we are working on right now. In the picture above you'll see the culprit that our manufacturers wrestled with for some time. A PCB is soldered to an audiojack (top piece) forming the temperature sensor. Then a plastic material is injected into a mold around it (the lower piece) to keep things together. This is called an 'overmold'. The problem here arose in the molding process. During the injection the heat and pressure destroyed a large percentage of the working sensors, creating an unusually high scrap rate. The scrap rate is essentially not our problem, it's up to the factory to resolve those issues- but it's a classic example of a roadblock. The manufacturers won't push for mass manufacturing with high scrap rates as it's bad business for them if they have to throw out half the Thermodos they produce. So that part of the production is stuck for weeks while they tinker with the exact temperature and pressure of the overmold process to make sure that their scrap rates are acceptable. It's a good example of a situation in which we can do very little. Fortunately they have now refined the overmold process so that scrap rates are very low. That means that all sample Thermodos we receive now works. These sort of challenges come up in various and sometimes simultaneous parts of the production and needs to be resolved before the project can move closer to mass manufacturing. It can be tricky to judge how long it might take to resolve a given issue or how it might impact the work done on other parts of the project. We solved this particular issue, but it's things like these that can do some serious harm to a schedule. What you see above is the raw aluminum enclosure used for all Thermodos. We are pretty excited to share with you that we have given the go ahead for the milling of these metal enclosures. That is officially the first step of mass manufacture. We don't want to promise too much at this point, and we are very conservative with the estimates we are receiving- but we want to convey that during the past couple of weeks we've had some great breakthroughs on the production side of things. The dramatic reduction in the scrap rate of the overmolds is a major thing, but we've also made leaps in the surface treatment of the various Thermodos. This includes homing in on the grain size of the glass beading we use for the surface. On the paint side of things, the latest samples have really impressed us and are now much closer to what we are aiming for. The Red and the White Thermodo is going to get another revision, but the color and surface of the Black is as good as done. The new surface feels like a solid, cold lego brick - glossy, yet substantial with the right weight. The snap lock that holds the Thermodo in the keychain is now also improved. We've tried a slew of variations and the latest construction 'feels right' when you click it in and out. The word from everyone in the supply chain is that fall 2013 is a very realistic goal, but our experience tells us that throwing out specific dates is setting people up for disappointment. When we talk about shipping the product, we want to make absolutely sure that the product is actually on it's way to you and not an estimate on a spreadsheet. We will keep everyone informed as we progress on all fronts of the production. T-shirts! Now let's talk about something that we can check off the 'done and awesome' list. Last week the cool guys at United Pixelworkers send out all the brand new Robocat t-shirts to our wonderful Loot Tier Backers. A few cool backers have already received their t-shirts. Here's how it looked when they went out: We are proud that these limited edition robocat t-shirt are now being worn by cool people around the world! If you have received your t-shirt, be sure to tweet us @robocat with a picture! Website Mention Remember that special 'thank you' mention you chose on your survey? Well it's now live on the thermodo.com site. We've created a neat little script that cycles through all the backers who chose to be thanked on the website. Go see if you can find your name at the bottom of thermodo.com . I have changed my address since I answered the survey, what do I do? We get a lot of emails and questions from backers and other good folk. One of the most reoccurring messages we receive is from people who have moved since the survey was sent out. Fear not! We have devised a system in which everyone will get to 'edit' their address before we ship out their reward. Kickstarter unfortunately doesn't allow us to send out multiple surveys, so we've had to come up with another system to do this. For now though, just know that we will solve it before we ship, so please don't send us your new address manually. We will send out an email once we are ready to take on the updated addresses. That is all for this update! Next time we'll have a brand new and very different 'Behind The Scenes' video where you get to take a little trip with the team. Sincerely, Overworked but happy guys from Copenhagen Hi Backers, we hope you're having a hot summer! While we continue our struggle with the manufacturers and edging closer to the 0-series production, we've been discussing how we can share more of the process with you guys. It's an adventure, and while it certainly has its ups and downs we've been caught in the idea that these updates has to contain an element of certainty to them. It's a conundrum really, because much of the work we're doing and the decisions we're making on a daily basis doesn't fit into this format. The direct result is that these absolute certain "announcements" is far and wide between. This divide between sharing the process and just showing you results have been difficult to navigate. Ideally we want to share a larger part of the process with you and give you more insights into what we're working on and what we're experiencing without fearing the backlash when decisions shift or iterations change. We want to bring you along on this adventure you have enabled us to take and we think we've come up with a way to do this: <url>é for Kickstarter hardware to be delayed and it looks like Thermodo is going to carry on that tradition. Trust us when we say, that we're doing everything we can to make the best product possible. In the meantime we're going to do an effort to give you some more insights into the process and bring you along for the ride in this (prolonged) adventure. Hi Backers, We are so excited to finally be able to deliver this update to you. We know it's been a long time coming, but we hope you'll find it worth the wait. Watch the production update video below where we have some really cool decisions to share with you. <url>♥ - Team Thermodo Hello Backers! Did you think we'd forgotten about you? Nothing could be further from the truth! We've had a few questions about the status of the project and why we've been so silent lately. let us tell you what's up. Y U no update? What we've been through the past few weeks is commonly known as the 'sourcing and pre-production phase'. This is unfortunately a phase where we do a ton of work, but have very little to show for it. We've specifically been holding out on an update waiting for a large batch of 50 Thermodo evaluation samples. The plan was (and still is) to do an awesome video where we share some of the facts about these samples and basically spill the beans on some very exciting decisions we've made. Unfortunately these samples have been a long time coming and are now expected within the next two weeks. We really wanted to give you guys some tangible information, but there's very little we can share with you before we've seen these samples for ourselves, and that's why we've been holding out on the updates. We're excited to share the direction of the final production units with you, and we'll do a production video update with some cold hard facts as soon as we have them. So what exactly have you been working on? We've been working closely with our manufacturers to figure out solutions in terms of materials, colors &amp; surface treatment. You might ask, didn't you already have that figured out before the Kickstarter? Indeed we did, but now that the production is 10 times larger than the initial planned run, some methods are just not viable and others (way cooler) are. To give you some examples, stuff like packaging and logistics are much harder now and we're being presented a much wider variety of material and surface treatment options for the Thermodos themselves. We want Thermodo to be as good as possible, and we need to make sure that we explore all options on the table. That is why we're having a large selection of different Thermodo samples sent to us for evaluation. They'll be a wonderful cocktail of various production methods and from them we'll choose the ones we love the most and go forward with the 0-series production. The final dimensions To show you that work is actually being done, we'd like to present you with one of the few things we can share with you at this point, which is the final dimensions of Thermodo. Below you'll find the specs for the new housing and I think you'll be pleased to see that it is both slimmer and shorter than the original prototype. Marcus did a great job in reducing the size and from what we've seen so far this is a fantastic form factor. With little or no news we completely appreciate that this phase of the production might be frustrating for some backers. Trust us, we share this frustration. Making hardware takes time, and making good hardware apparently takes longer. Hi Backers! This is just a quick update to let you know that all surveys for every reward tier have been sent out. As you can imagine this was a pretty daunting task, not unlike trying to split a restaurant bill in 8776 pieces and making sure that everyone eventually get what they pledged for. We've tried to make the surveys as straightforward as possible and hopefully they won't cause too much confusion. If you do have questions, don't hesitate to contact us. Most of you have already filled out yours, but in case you're one of the few who haven't, consider this a friendly reminder. Thermodo has it's own website! We've launched a new Thermodo website . Right now it boasts of our shared kickstarter triumph - but it also takes pre-orders. So if you know anyone who missed the campaign (or if you want to purchase more Thermodos) Thermodo.com is the spot for that. Pre-orders will obviously go out after kickstarter rewards have been fulfilled, but it's a great way for people to still get in on the product in it's early phase - so pass the word around. Everything is still on schedule and we're currently sourcing materials for the 0-series production. We have a long road ahead of us, but we'll make sure to keep you guys posted on the progress. Yesterday the Thermodo campaign came to a tantalizing conclusion as people joined in for the wrap party, both locally and abroad . It's been a crazy month and it's all because of you, our dear backers! The overwhelming response we've received has blown us away and when the clock finally ran out on the campaign 8,776 backers had pledged a total of $336,018 - a whooping 960% funding! In this update we've put together a short thank you video as well as a few shots from the wrap party! Tune in: <url>"As soon as I saw Thermodo I knew I needed to add support in Check the Weather . Check the Weather is all about providing quick, clear access to the very best weather information on your iPhone. Thermodo takes this to the next level by allowing me to show not just an estimate of your current temperature but the exact value. I expect to have initial support for temperature taking as soon as Thermodo launches, with a few more exciting uses coming this summer in Check the Weather 2.0." Moshen Chan of Living Earth "I think an interesting project would be a socially connected app that shows the latest Thermodo measurements from users around the world on an interface similar to Living Earth. Users who go to areas with extreme climates, climb a mountain or enjoy a nice day at the beach can share it with a photo and it would be mapped on the globe with that data. They can also share that event on social networks with their photo along with an image from Living Earth that shows the situation with the planet at the time. You could easily see whether it was sunset or sunrise and if there were any weather systems such as major storm clouds over their location. Living Earth already shows a global heat map of the world based on weather station data. This feature would put a more personal touch on weather data by showing where people are, a snapshot of the planet at the time, their recorded temperature, and a photo of their activity." Jake Marsh of Conditions app "Thermodo is the sort of device that changes the way we think about building apps. Conditions started with a simple question: What's the weather like right now? With Thermodo, the answer to that question can be more accurate than ever. I can't wait to integrate Thermodo support into Conditions. The result will be seamless and instant, with the temperature Conditions reports instantly getting more accurate when you plug in your Thermodo. Robocat are doing a wonderful job with this product, and I can't wait to see all the amazing things people do with Thermodo." We're so excited to see what cool stuff developers are going to build with Thermodo. Oh and another thing, to wrap up all this talk about cases , we're giving away 5 Thermodo compatible Peel cases on our Facebook page. Read more about it here. The time is ticking and we only have a few days left on the campaign clock. Now is the time to tell your friends to get in on the action and become a certified awesome Thermodo backer before it's too late. In today's video update we talk a bit about software. Join us for a tour of the office where Michael demoes an early build of the Thermodo Haze integration, Willi talks a bit about some of the 3rd party developers who have contacted us about integrating Thermodo into their apps, and finally Ulrik gives us a status report on the SDK development. Watch the video below! <url>"For an Ice sculptor, controlling the environment is crucial for our medium that we work with. Ice must maintain specific temperatures in order to have the correct tempering of the ice. Thermodo will be able to help us monitor the temperature of this frozen environment from the ice studio, to transporting, to the actual delivery. Monitoring the rise in temperature of the ice and its surrounding environment will help prevent the ice from …… Well has anyone ever placed an ice cube in a warm glass of soda? Then you know what I mean!" Scott Nesbett, Long Distance Runner "I'm a long-distance (ultra) runner and I plan on using my Thermodo to measure the temperature while running. I'm always curious of the ambient temperatures when I get out on long runs up in the mountains. Often what the weather reports say don't accurately match the exact location where I'm running." Christian Schnabel, Heat Technologist "I'd like to use Thermodo in my grandfathers greenhouse in Germany and show him the temperature-process in a diagram. With this information he can optimize the growing of his vegetables." Matthew Kearney, Engineer "I am an Engineer who performs oversight during the construction of bridges. I look forward to utilizing the Thermodo in measuring ambient temperatures on and around waterways, where the temperature is much different than the local weather readings." Todd Albert, Climate Scientist "I'm a climate scientist that has conducted research on the world's melting glaciers and ice caps. I've setup and monitored climate instruments on the Greenland Ice Sheet, conducted research in the Peruvian Andes and the Italian Alps. I've also passed on knowledge to many interested students, teaching them about climate, meteorology, geography, and instrumentation, among other things. I'm excited to have a Thermodo that I can carry around in my pocket and power and record data with from my phone. This is a far cry from the huge batteries, data loggers, and solar panels I'm used to lugging around!" Just wanting to measure the temperature to stay casually informed is perfectly fine for most of us, but it's inspiring to see what Thermodo can become in the hands of professionals and hobbyists like the people above. Do you have a neat purpose planned for Thermodo? We'd love to hear it! Let us know in the comments or shoot us an email with a picture to <email> Thank you so much for all your input. We've received hundreds of emails and it immediately became clear that this update couldn't be contained in a single post, so this will be part 1 of (at least) a 2 part series about Thermodo ideas. Let me start out by saying that we appreciate every piece of feedback or idea that you guys send in. It was never meant as a call to arms to help us improve Thermodo, although it seems a few people have understood it that way. And while we always love hearing your ideas we feel it's important to tell you that we have no plans to make any major adjustments to the technical design of Thermodo this late in the project. We're not going to add XYZ sensors, make it a flashlight, make it bluetooth enabled, make it a food thermometer or many of the other wonderful, practical or quirky suggestions we've gotten - but we are always listening taking notes for add ons or new products that we can introduce down the line. The point of this exercise however was to share ideas on how you would use Thermodo or integrate it with other services *within* it's currently available capabilities. This wasn't meant as a laundry list of things we mean to integrate, rather an inspirational sharing of what others could do with Thermodo. The ideas we're going to be focusing on in this post is going to be exactly that, things that are technically possible with the right integration. Let's take a look at some of the more interesting ideas. Note that we have no plans to implement any of these ideas, it's purely for the fun of exploring some of the more exotic aspects of what Thermodo could be. Thermodo &amp; The Global Network By far the most suggested idea is a crowd-based temperature data network based on global Thermodo readings. The general idea here is that every Thermodo user voluntarily gets to share his or hers measurements with the world - enabling a worldwide heat map displaying both current and historic readings from around the globe. It's such an enticing idea and it really speaks to the platform aspect of Thermodo. There's a lot of challenges in a project like that. You'll need to give users a way to add meta data to their measurement like whether the temperature was recorded inside or outside. The real question is whether a patchwork of measurements like that could ever gain enough fidelity to be of any serious use. But the concept speaks to the very essence of what we're all doing here, crowdsourcing to create value from unity. - Suggested by so many people that i can't put a single name to the idea Thermodo &amp; Hue Another great (and more down to earth) idea is to integrate Thermodo with the Philips Hue . For those that don't know, Hue is a lightbulb that can be controlled through apps to display various ambient colors. The neat idea here would be to make it intelligent and temperature-aware through Thermodo. Lighting in your home could be controlled by the temperature in the rooms or even outside. Imagine walking into a cold room and the lighting would turn a sleek blue color, you would actually be able to *see* the temperature and as you turned up the heat it would slowly turn a golden yellow. You could also use it inversely, if it's really cold outside the lighting keeps it equally toasty inside. How cool is that!? - Idea by Simon B. Støvring Thermodo &amp; Thermostat Several have suggested a Thermodo integration with their Thermostat, possibly the already intelligent Nest system. It seems an obvious fit and would intelligently be able to feed your thermostat wall-mounted unit or other AC-system with temperature readings from various places in your home or office. With the right software you could be closer to a much more exact climate control, saving both the environment and your expenses. - Idea by Josh Laston &amp; others Thermodo &amp; Sleep Cycle Many have argued that the temperature of your bedroom has a very drastic effect on the quality of your sleep. Well if you combine Thermodo and an app like Sleep Cycle you would be able to uncover your personal temperature sweetspot. Correlating data from Sleep Cycle with an incremental nightly temperature measurement from Thermodo would enable you to figure out at what exact temperature levels you get the best and deepest sleep. This would allow you to maximize the amount of quality sleep you get in an average night. Not bad, not bad at all. - Idea by Noah Liebman Thermodo &amp; Babies Several users have expressed a desire to use Thermodo to monitor both babies and elderly people. With the right software, Thermodo could be a perfect companion to a baby alarm. This would allow parents to monitor the temperature in the crib or in the stroller, alarming them if the temperature drops or rises above a predetermined level. Smart and safe! - Idea by Tom Kadosh Thermodo &amp; Pictures You have date and geolocation attached when you take a photo - but what if you also tagged your pictures with the exact temperature at the time of capture? Other than helping you win that argument against your dad about how warm it *actually* was that day on the beach, it would allow for some very interesting filtering options. Show me all my memories shot below freezing point. Create a slideshow from your favorite temperature range. Is there a correlation between your most cherished photos and the temperature they were shot at? The options are endless! - Idea by Villars Gimm That's just a short selection of the ideas we've received so far. What's your favorite idea? Let us know in the comments! You're also more than welcome to send in (<email>) more fun and great ways Thermodo could be used. Stay tuned for the next installment of the Thermodo ideas series where we'll be focusing on the stories backers have told us of how they are going to use Thermodo in their daily or professional lives. We've got a climate scientist and a chef that creates ice sculptures! Have a great and warm easter! Team Robocat Since we launched the Thermodo campaign people have been writing us, calling us or just coming up to us on the street and telling us what Thermodo would be great for. It truly seems like this combination of an ambient thermometer and a smartphone has gotten peoples imagination to go wild. We've heard from air-condition technicians, moms, doctors, meteorologists, data analysts, aviators, server maintenance personal, interior designers and many many more. All of them with ideas for how Thermodo could be used in their profession or daily life. We love hearing your ideas! Thermodo was always meant as a platform and it's through your thoughts and integrations that it'll grow into something amazing. So we figured that it would be fun for everyone if we could collect and present some of these ideas right here on the campaign blog. We've personally been amazed by some of the suggestions we've already heard and we think it would be great to share some of these ideas with everyone. Send us your Thermodo idea There's 3 ways you can do this, here's what we have in mind: 1. Send us an email with your idea to <email> , a few lines should suffice - possibly with a picture of you and/or any accompanying visuals that could help present your idea. 2. Even better yet, make a short video explaining your idea, upload it to youtube or vimeo and send us the link. 3. Or just write it in the comments, if you can't be bothered with the two options above. If we receive any good ideas we'll post them here in an update for everyone to enjoy. We'll obviously credit all ideas by name and a link if you're interested. So here's your chance for a bit screen time. This isn't a contest or anything and there's no prizes, just a bit of fun. There's really no guideline for what constitutes a good idea. If you have something specific you'd like to use thermodo for, let us know! If you have a whacky idea for an integration with another product or service, let us know! It doesn't matter if you can or will build it. This is all about the ideas, and we can't wait to hear yours! Note: While we're always interested in knowing your thoughts about the product itself and how it could be improved, the exercise here is ideas that can be executed with the current technical capabilities of Thermodo. There's no stopping you guys! We just passed 250K and that means you just unlocked a completely new Thermodo: The Red Thermodo . The Red Thermodo joins the Black &amp; White Thermodos, and everyone who has pledged $25 or above may choose this fiery option instead. The Red Thermodo Above you see a rendering of the current design for the Red Thermodo. As with our previous renderings , please bear in mind that this is just a sneak peak at how things *could* look. A lot can and will change before these go into production. With that disclaimer aside, we think Thermodo looks pretty darn cool in Red and we're so thrilled that you guys broke through this stretch goal allowing us the funds to start up a separate product line. With the Black and the White Thermodo we wanted to create something sleek and beautiful that would match your phone hardware. The Red Thermodo is a page from a different book, It's visually intense and easy to spot from a distance. New Stretch Goals You might have noticed a few additions to the stretch goals on the project page. TechCrunch broke the news last night , and we're happy to elaborate. We've tried to make the road ahead a bit more rewarding for you guys, and we're doing that by adding two new stretch goals between the one you just reached, and the big 500K. Let's take a look at how it all looks now. At 300K (in just 50K!) we're adding a Green limited edition Kickstarter Thermodo. Whereas the Red Thermodo is meant as an alternative to the Black &amp; White Thermodos, the Green limited edition Kickstarter Thermodo will be joining as an alternative to the Premium Thermodo. If we reach this stretch goal everyone who has pledged for a premium Thermodo, will be able to choose this instead. It'll be made from Aluminium, It'll be a sexy kickstarter-green and it will be a limited production run only available to backers of the campaign. At 400K we're taking the plunge and committing to a Windows Phone Companion App. A lot of people have been asking for Windows Phone support, and if we reach this goal we'll make an app and expand the SDK to better suit Windows phone developers. Like with the Android support, it's something we'll need to hire outside help to get right. It's costly, but it'll be worth it. We have roughly two weeks left of the campaign and we hope that these new stretch goals, along with the new Thermodo Set tiers we introduced yesterday, will help us push the project to it's maximum potential. In the end it's all up to you, our fantastic backers. A lot of you have been asking why there's no easy way to pledge for multiple Thermodos. The answer is quite clear, Kickstarter doesn't allow for multiple quantities of the same hardware reward. Kickstarter is understandably not a retail store, and we have every intention of staying within their guidelines. This means It'll be a good while before you'll be able to buy *several* Thermodos at once. However, so many of you have written us and asked about this, it seemed like we needed to come up with a solution. You have spouses that always ask you if it's too cold outside, friends in need of a cool gadget gift or simply just own several devices that could use a thermometer. Well we've worked with kickstarter to come up with a legit solution that solves this while not violating the guidelines. The answer is the Thermodo Sets. Three new tiers that allow you to pledge for both a regular Black or White Thermodo AND a Premium Thermodo. They're technically two different rewards and they make sense from a set perspective. Some of you might want to have, say, one on the tablet for the weather station at home and one on your phone when you're on the go. Well this is your chance. Here's the new set tier details. Upgrade your existing pledge and rock one of these cool little sets today! Note: If you already backed for a higher pledge amount that matches a set, we will honor this. At the end of the campaign we will send you a survey, where you can specify the amount and color you want. We've got something really cool to show you today! We've been working with the very talented 3D artist Mikael Eidenberg to create some high resolution renderings of Thermodo as the design progresses. What you've seen so far is shots of our 3D printed physical prototype. However with high resolution renderings in the hands of a master, we can now give you a much cleaner look at where we are right now. Disclaimer It's important to say right up front that these *are* renderings, they don't represent the exact product you're going to receive - a lot of things can and will still change before production. But in the spirit of transparency we thought it would be great to take you guys along for the ride and see the various iterations and experience the changes as we do. Why do these things change you might ask? Well as we get material and tooling samples back from our suppliers, we make a lot of decisions. We want Thermodo to be structurally sound, technically optimal and aesthetically pleasing. The designs won't be truly final before we've made sure that it's great in every way. But with that disclaimer we're pretty excited to show you the current looks. The Black &amp; White Thermodo The Black &amp; White Thermodo (and possible Red?) are currently going to be made from injection mold plastic. Right now we're looking at a glossy treatment, but that might change when we get samples back. They're quite similar to the current 3D printed prototypes we've been showing you. Obviously, should we reach our 500K stretch goal 'Aluminium for Everyone', everything about this design changes. The Premium Thermodo The Premium Anodised Aluminium Thermodo is going to be even more spectacular than we had first dared to hope. We've already gotten samples from our supplier and we're currently working towards a laser engraved detailing on the unit itself. That means that the the entire structure will be smooth, while the Thermodo and the Robocat logo will be laser engraved into the surface- much like how engraving from Apple looks like. The aluminium finish with it's MacBook-like texture and surface laser engraving makes for a very sleek little product. All of this is obviously liable to change, especially if we reach that 500K goal, but we think it's cool to be able to show you these things as we progress. Hopefully you like what you're seeing. Thanks for backing Thermodo, none of this would be happening without you. It's the end of March, and a snow storm is raging in Copenhagen (and they ask us why we make weather apps). In the last video update you heard from Michael as he was field testing Thermodo on his vacation, this time we have a video update straight from the Robocat HQ. Willi , Marcus and the team is hard at work on the technical side of things. Here's a status update from cold Copenhagen. <url>"pre-ordering" a product. It's a story and it's a journey. We want you to feel part of that adventure and to give you something special that will hopefully make you feel even more attached to the project. So in an attempt to do this, we'll be creating a series of updates to show you some snapshots of where we are now and what we are working on. We're kicking this thing off the only way possible, by field testing a Thermodo on the peak of an active volcano in Indonesia. Enjoy! <url>— the same way we've always executed our digital adventures. So now that we've reached that goal and the factories are opening their doors to us, you might ask yourself if we are just going to sit back and skim the profits? Hell no! Now that we've reached the base funding and we have the production facilities available, there's several things we can reach for. We're working on a couple of stretch goals that we think you'll enjoy. In the meantime why not hook up with us on social? Follow Thermodo on Twitter Like Thermodo on Facebook Thank you! Thank you for your support, when we set out this morning we only had an idea and a prototype - now we have the basis of a product. We still need help getting the word out, so every tweet or facebook status update means the world to us. You're a backer now, and we hope you'll accompany us on this journey we are about to set out on - together we'll make this a great product! From the entire Robocat team, Thank you!