Where can we source replacement cables? Specifically for the Panasonic Lumix G-series cameras. I finally assembled (compiled? created? stitched? stuck together?) the shots I took from my first ever attempt at a timelapse: <url>"attach" the TL+ to the camera. Should have used the word "attach" before, sorry. TL+ arrived, charged, tested, all works fine (I now have a timelapse video of leaves rustling in the tree outside my house.....) @Tom: I used the supplied cable to connect from TL+ to the remote shutter port on my Canon EOS 40D. Don't know about Bluetooth... Woo! My Timelapse+ arrived in my mailbox Down Under today, nearly 2 weeks after the "It's been shipped" email. I'm charging the battery now - can't wait to start using it. Has anyone attached their Timelapse+ to their camera? If you did, how? Pictures? Do all the devices sent to the backers have Bluetooth internally? I'm trying to decide if I have a loose connection in the cable socket. Seems like it works when the cable is rotated one way, but not another. I shall continue experimenting, and use both ends of the cable, to see if there is a pattern. Mine has arrived but I cant read the screen, anything I'm missing here, or is this one a repair job? Still no shipment showing for me. I see people in South Korea have received theirs, I live no more then 60 miles from Elijah and I still don't have mine... When is final, final, final shipping? Were shipped to South Korea safely. Thank you very much. Would be well used. This user's account has been deleted. Received my Timelapse+ today! Really well packaged, final product looks awesome. Can't wait to try it out! Received mine this morning, great product and really nicely packaged. Well done. I just wanted to say thanks for the well organised Kickstarter, you've done really well keeping everyone informed of the process through the updates. I'd certainly back you again. Cheers. Good Day Elijah, I am writing this in hopes to start dialog regarding the Bulb Ramping feature. Once you have cleared the hurtle of getting the units produced and shipped I would like to speak in depth about the ramping needs of the timelpase community. I'm coming from over a year of "The Little Bramper" experience and I would like to share my thoughts. There are many Intervalometers out there with similar feature of the Timelapse+ but I believe a well implemented ramping feature can set it apart. I would like to see more that ramping from one shutterspeed to another over X amount of time. Being able to do aperture jumping effectively requires a lens profile that a user can enter F/stop variations between aperture settings (Its different for every lens and focal length). I have dialed in 3 of my lenses and have a chart I work off when aperture stepping. I have a few ideas to smoothly implement features to facilitate this. Thank you for your time and I hope this is as big of a priority for others as it is for me. Thanks Scott K. This user's account has been deleted. Just received shipping notice! Can't wait to get it in a few days. Thank you Elijah Parker!!! Just received my shipping notice, Thanks for all the updated and keeping everyone in the loop with the entire process. Can't wait to play and go bush with Timelapse+ :) Thanks again! Received my unit, thanks. But after charging 6 hours, all I can get it do do is fir screen to light up. No battery indicator, no menu, characters, nothing. Screen lights up blank, then switched off after a few seconds. Ideas? Received mine here in Canada yesterday. Looks great, much smaller than I thought it would be. Thanks for taking my suggestion to have a red backlight option in the unit, this makes it perfect for my astrophotography sessions now. I look forward to trying it out over the weekend. woo hoo hoo .same here (didn't got my mail jet, but look at this ->.. I just feel like its allready Xmas.. =) .. but will it be compatible with all my presents. Thanks so much Elijah.. still you and your Team should get a HUGE !!! hand here for your work. <url>"No" when it asked about that. I hope that was right. Hi, Elijah. I use a Canon Power Shot SX30 IS and wonder what's the appropriate cable for it. I won't be able to finish the survey until I have that information. Thanks Just filled out the survey also. Can't wait for my timelapse+....... Just filled out the survey - looks like the "Optional" questions are not optional :-), so I've put "none" in those fields (including the optional cables fields) Are there commercially available cables we can use in case we need replacements, or adapt to other cameras as the need arises? I need the Sony cable, but would like to pick up the cable for Canon as well. Hi Elijah, I have a question about additional payment for additional cables. How I can send you additional money to get two different data cabes (for Nikon and Canon)? Right now I should receive package only with one of them. Sincerely, Antony @sgllama - I understand that the Timelapse+ will have a USB host port, through which the picture could be fetched from the camera. @Simon Boucher - That same USB host port could also connect via a hub to an off-the-shelf modem. It's just a Simple Matter Of Programming. I was wondering the same thing sgllama. It is also a bit annoying having to put NA in all the optional fields to fill out the survey. But it's just a minor inconvenience for an awesome product. Elijah - Just received a survey, filled it in then realised it didn't have anywhere for name & address! Have I missed something obvious or has there been a boo-boo somewhere? @Simon Boucher : How were you expecting the picture to get from the camera to the Timelapse+ and thence to the modem? Super excited to get this! It looks awesome! Out of interest, do you have any idea on the water-resistant-ness of it yet? I'm sure it won't be waterproof, but if it ends up getting rained on, would the case handle that? Hey Elijah an awesome feature for Timelapse+ would be a 3G or 4G modem... so the device could upload photos to a FTP server as the camera takes them. The device will be awesome as is, but this feature would be cool in a future version. A little feature change in the firmware that I think could be useful would be the ability to set a beginning and ending interval that the Timelapse+ would smoothly change through throughout the duration. That way one could have the resulting time-lapse speedup or slowdown without having to try and do it in post. @Peter - I'm not sure how the whole EU Law thing has become the scapegoat for this. There is no law involved, just different import duties for different items. It is true that enabling more than 29m59s of recording would mean that the cameras would attract more import duty but only in the EU not anywhere else in the world and to be honest everyone I know would rather pay £200 more on an already expensive camera to have this. I think it has more to do with Canon not wanting to cannibalise sales of their video cameras. Canon make astronomy versions of some of their cameras which would have a far smaller target userbase than a video version of the 5dmk3 which would only require different firmware. Anyway... I do hope that there might be some way Timelapse+ could be made to circumvent this. It would be an amazingly cool feature. @Elijah - 48 hrs is plenty good enough for my use. The sort of tweaks to improve it I would say can come post-release. @Andi - fyi, the 29m59s limitation is dictated by EU tax law...of all things. Recording from 30m onwards puts a camera into a different taxing category that makes them more expensive - so thats the workaround. On Canon EOS the shutter-release doesn't trigger video recording so I don't think it will be functional on launch....but I'm hoping to have camera control later on via USB perhaps. :) Hi Elijah, Very excited about getting my units but I wondered something. I am lucky enough to be getting a 5dMk3 when they are released and like the mk2 it seems to have the fixed video recording limit of 29m59s. In the past with my mk2 I had to manually stop and immediately restart recording before the limit was reached. Is there a way the Timelapse+ could automatically re-trigger the camera to keep filming? I record 2 hour + concerts and to be able to automate this would be an incredible feature for me. Thanks for such an amazing device! I haven't got a survey regarding camera cable/s. has it been sent yet? If so, how do i retroactively enter my info? I know you have plenty on your plate, but any update on how long the unit will stay charged, assuming normal usage? You previous talked about some power-saving ideas in the firmware. I was interested in the approximate weight. Or even the range of weight since I have some unique applications which demand a lighter weight. Thank You So Much! Is there any possibility to work with the app linked here!! <url>"Manage Your Pledge" in the "project page" thanks I'm really hoping for your dolly project to show up next and use the Timelapse+ as the controller and be an improvement on the MX2 (maybe sharing code?). That'd be awesome as I'm really looking around for an affordable dolly... :) Graaaats! And what an incredible blowout of the original pledge goal! :) Now I just need to find a good programmable motorized track dolly before it ships! congrats all! Excited to have one soon! And now congrats for the 8+ time funding! Can't wait to see what the Timelapse+ will become... :) Congrats on the project - very well done and looking forward to playing with it. Would like to see the Auto Exposure Bracketing (for HDR) get into the firmware at some stage. When do you plan to have the source available, and how would one be able to contribute? Thanks! btw, best comment ever from Joyce Parker! It's going to have a tripod mount, and you can get tripod to hot shoe adapters. Just thought of something else... How about a detachable plastic hot-shoe mount to keep it in place instead of letting it bang around on a string or adding Velcro? I also found a dedicated lightning trigger that says it has a 0.1 ms response (lag) time. As long as yours is faster, it should work just fine. Thanks! Thanks for the fantastic reply! Wondering if the firmware could have a lightning mode built in? I'm sure it's something that could be added later on. I know you are just trying to get this done and to manufacture and trying to bond with your new baby. It would be a very nice feature that could attract more buyers considering the lightning units themselves go for way more than what you have asked for here. Keep up the good work, and congrats on that baby! Just want you to know, Elijah, I've been a fan for yours since 1982! Keep up the good work - your mom :) Christmas in June!!! Hopefully soon after this is launched the dolly will be in the works! The Minolta Maxxum 7000 can use the same cable as the Sony A900 so it should be compatible. I may have missed this in the comments but will it support partial pressing? Where a half-press uses the auto-focus and a full-press takes the shot (perhaps by a software selection.) This user's account has been deleted. What about an App for a computer to download/manage settings from the timelapse plus. Even if it just a simple import/export option for backup or transfer to another TLP. Hi Elijah I just signed up for this great device. Would it be possible to use 2 of them to link 2 cameras for stereo photos? If so, what sort of sync do you imagine there'd be? Thanks, Bill I think its a bit short as it says May and June (with and without bluetooth)... This user's account has been deleted. I just joined the backer list! I really love photography as a hobby and am very excited about this project. I hope the AUX port will allow for a lightning sensor to take some amazing photos. Not sure from the response I received whether the built-in light sensor will be able to accomplish this on it's own. I chose the model with Bluetooth, however I'm not sure I will ever be able to use that feature. I am extremely proud to be a supporter of such an ambitious and useful project. Looking forward to getting some great time lapse shots and possibly lightning photos. Congratulations! BTW, my camera is the Canon XSi. I really didn't mean to post the ML as a competitor, I think it's a nice feature that could maybe allow us to have even more flexibility (plugins?) while interfacing with Timelapse+, cheers! :D @RRRR, that is a superb find. i have a t2i, and there is a lot of functionality that this brings to the table that i'm dying to play with. @elijah, don't worry ... i'm not going to drop the project. :) though to be fair, i might have to drop my pledge down due to unforeseen financial constraints (read: the IRS can ... well ..... you understand). The ML bulb ramping interface is quite nice with an algorithm to calculate what the exposure is at. I have it running on my 5D2. I still backed this project because IMO an external device like this is better for reliability. C I thought this might interest some Canon users: <url>#id3 Will there be a way for the timelapse+, now or in the future, to communicate with other light meters like a Sekonic light meter? A useful feature may be the addition of a controllable relay output or auxiliary port so that other external devices can controlled. One example would be sending a signal to a motorised dolly so that it stops moving just before each timelapse photo is taken So, I know it says that via IR Timelapse Pro supports the NEX 5n, but do all features work such as HDR bracketing? Thanks, can't wait to use this, it will be a hot seller for NEX users as there is not a single intervalometer available for them worth mentioning. Not sure if I missed it, but the timelapse+ has interchangeable cables right? rather than buying an entire new unit for a different connector. Congrats on the new baby! (and congrats on reaching 100K, too!) :) Awesome! Hi If we wanted an additional cable for a different camera, how much should we add onto the pledge? I would love for there to be some sort of loop on the device to velcro it to a tripod(something like: <url>"Update #3: Compatibility Update". You will find there the 60D. While searching in Google for the 2ti i found links to the Rebel T2i. If you meant this camera, you will find it in the list of compatible cameras too. Regards, Benni Hi Elijah, Just a simple question: Would this work with my 60D or 2ti? Sorry to ask if this has been answered. Hi Elijah,a question, there is written in the project: BULB ramping - shift exposure smoothly during the timelapse (to be implemented) Auto BULB ramping based on the light meter (to be implemented). I am primarily interested in this development as the Little Bramper, I confirm that the device will you send me that these characteristics are present, thank you and good job! Paolo If you manage to create an affordable Timelapse+ controlled (bluetooth LE), 2-axis dolly (slide + rotate), it'd be the first in line... Cheers! ^_^ Hi Elijah, I read a review of your fantastic project on the site of Italian timelapseitalia.com, and I decided to support you. Would be very useful to control cable a dolly move-shot-move ... When you think you can receive it in Italy? Regards, Paolo First project I am backing, and damn excited. Elijah, As far as making the unit weather resistant may I ask (or suggest) a small rubber plug or seal for the USB port (since its likely will not be in use on location). Thanks! Looking forward to playing around with all the options! Sincerely, Roman This is the first project I have backed and I am really excited to use your device. Looking at the prototype, I have only one small comment - is it possible to countersink the screw heads on the top of the device, or do you have other attachment ideas planned? Best regards! Thanks for listening to my random thoughts, cant wait to try this out! Elijah I have been thinking about a time lapse project I have in the works when your devise pooped into mind. It has a light sensor in it right? would that be able to start and stop the time lapse? For example: If I wanted to do a multi day time lapse but only shoot during the day could it be set up to start up and shut down at a certain light level? Or am I getting way to complex. Thanks I second Micheal on being able to control stepper motors, being able to get the camera on a slider and having it stop-shoot-start(repeat) so you can do longer exposures on a slider. Elijah, I hope you don't mind a couple of design progress questions. 1. how far along are you in the design/prototype process? the reason i ask is because i've seen plenty of "tech" projects on KS with an estimated date of "X" month, only to get into the "first article" stage and find out that much revision is required, and have to push the expected delivery date to "X+3" month or longer. i'm planning an extensive road trip at the end of july/first half of august, and this device is *extremely* high on my list of priority items to have with me. I'm on board for the BT model. Really interested to see what type of iOS compatible trigger app/apps get made for this. Can't wait to play with it. Hi Elijah Looks like a great product can't wait to p;ay with one. Any thought on adding a second port that would possibly control a steeper motor like the ones found on Kessler crane pocket dollys or Dynamic Perception MoCo sliders? too [30 seconds] freaking [30 seconds] cool [30 seconds] Hi Elijah, thanks for the info. Without an external output i just had to change my pledge to get two devices ;-) How fast will be the bluetooth transfer from one device to another one? Do you know how many ms it will last to transfer a trigger event? Regards, Benni out of curiosity, given the movement toward battery incorporation in the form factor, do you know how long the battery will last? 400mAh is a great *number,* but in terms of hours of use, or maybe even in terms of shutter clicks, what would a 400mAh battery provide? the reason i ask is that, as i'm sure you know, time laspe series can be several hundreds, if not thousands, of images. one of my already-planned projects is traveling to moab, UT and capturing a timelaspe series of the night sky, hopefully capturing the rise of the milky way (or, as my daughter likes to call it, "the chocolate milk way". always makes me smile.) other considerations i'd like to try are 12- or 24-hour series of niagara falls from a tourist's perspective. either of these run the chance of depleting the battery well before the project has a chance to run its course. might a larger battery be considered? or is a 400mAh battery the largest capacity that will fit within your current form factor? in any circumstance, i'm super excited to get my hands on this. i HOPE that you can stick to the current may delivery schedule! i'm taking my trip the 3rd week in july. with what i've seen of other KS projects, these kinds of projects tend to slip a lot to the right due to any number of factors, so i'm not exactly holding my breath, but it sure would be excellent to have this by then. :) thanks elijah! have an awesome day. wrt the cold problem it'd be relatively easy given the form factor to wrap the device in some sort of insulation, eg: wrist band w/ a heat pack. a lot more so than wrapping the camera or using one of those wired remote battery messes that some cameras support. i too am more a fan of an AA battery or two (akaline, nimh or li) even with the larger chassis but i totally understand the design consideration. just curious, what voltage are you running at internally, is it 5v? I'm thinking about an extra programmable output to use this with a multiplexer to connect the Timelapse+ with more than one camera. This output could be useful to trigger other things too e.g. to get a photo of a falling item in time. Regards, Benni Are there any plans to expand the comparability range of the device to other caners such as Panasonic or other DSLR / Micro Four Thirds cameras? You've mentioned USB charging, but could you set it up so it is powered internally w/ some AA or AAA batteries I could swap out during a time lapse project in case I was concerned about running out of charge part way through? Perhaps have a capacitor in there to retain the settings while I'm changing batteries? I do a lot of winter photography here in Alaska and batteries always go low before you'd expect. If there isn't room inside (and you've already said it's pretty crowded in there) perhaps you could provide a hot power jack on the case so I could use an external battery pack and swap it out as needed. Also, a previous post for a small hole through the corner of the case is a great suggestion. I could string a loop of some fine cord or dental floss to hang it from a lanyard or hook somewhere so I wouldn't drop it (and lose it) in the snow. Thanks. It'd be cool if there was a mirror-lockup mode on the timelapse+. eg: when you have mirror lockup mode enabled, Canon (and a few others) make you trigger the shutter once to lock up the mirror and then again to trip the shutter. If a primary tripping of the shutter could be easily worked into the sequences by enabling/disabling the mode that could be helpful. Will this work with the Nikon D7000 and D5100? They do not use the Nikon "socket" input. Can't wait for this to come to fruition! Have to agree on the 1/4-20 and weatherproofing. I have been waiting for the right unit to come along and this is it! I have seen dozens of projects on Kickstarter where I thought "wow, thats a cool project. good lck to them" This is the first one that made me whip out my credit card before even getting to the end of the video. I wold also like to add that weatherproofing is very important to me as well (I saw some people mention it in earlier comments) Regardless, a 1/4-20 threaded mount would be ideal. Regarding attachment methods, I'm going with the camera assistant favourite, industrial strength self adhesive velcro. What about some kind of snap on holder that allows for different attachment methods? It would increase production cost but you could sell it separately as an accessory. I personally like the idea of attaching it to the camera hot shoe. Oh thought of another thing... Maybe a hole that goes through the case in one of the corners so a strap could be used to hang it. (Like the things point&shoot cameras or cell phones have) I'm thinking the socket would be better because it would basically be flush mount / clean when not in use. Having a cold shoe would make the physical design more 'messy' (not to mention something more easy to break) The socket would give the ability to connect it right on the end of tripod accessory arms, attach clamps, or someone could just buy a regular old bolt and then attach anything (like zip ties). What about adding a 1/4"-20 nut/socket (standard 'camera gear' size) the back of the case, to facilitate mounting? For example, I use ReallyRightStuff rails and brackets, so I'd be able to attach a <url>