This was a great idea. When I got it, however, I was disappointed with how cheap it actually was ... ah well. I have moved on to better keyboards. Good luck with 2.0. I will definitely not be purchasing one. Can you please remove me from this project? I was pretty disappointed by my Touchfire when it finally arrived and your updates, two years after your project was backed, seem like a violation of Kickstarter TOS, or at least user trust. Thank you. I'm just wondering when are the Canadian shipments being sent? I'm on Montreal Canada and have not received anything as of yet ... Like many commenters, I was disappointed with the very long-awaited first version of TouchFire; too little functionality, too high a price. Apparently all of us first purchasers were not only funders, we were beta-testers - the new, improved, everything-works-much-better version is now out, and for only thirty more dollars - 40% off! - it can be mine. Thanks, guys, but I'll pass. I took a gamble and it didn't work out (from MY perspective, of course). I'm not going to shell out more. I gave the TouchFire to my wife as a Christmas present a year ago. For the first month or so, I observed her trying to use it. She seemed to be struggling with it a lot. After a few months, she stopped using it. I asked her why today. She said: 1) it works "pretty well"; 2) it could be useful IF I had a lot of typing to do on the iPad (which is not the case); and 3) it does NOT attach well to the iPad's cover (it is too flimsy and the magnets are not strong enough - it falls off or gets in the way of closing the cover). Overall, I few it as an interesting experiment, but not a success. The effort to use it is greater than the benefits. I would not pay another $30-50 for the 2nd version. I was so disappointed with the build and functionality when I finally received mine I tossed it! Hope version 2.0 is an improvement. Good luck. *Sigh* I can't imagine being less impressed with a product. After pulling the Touchfire from its box, trying it on for size, realizing how flimsy the plastic black part is, and that the magnets really didn't hold it in place, etc, I simply tucked it away and haven't bothered pulling it out since. I still believe in the backing of this IDEA, but I think you got caught up in the process of actually accomplishing the manufacturing of this design, without stopping to ask yourselves if you SHOULD manufacture this design. Keep at it... Hello. I'm hoping I'm still in line for my Touchfire, but have not seen it yet. Last comment I see about this was in early September. i don't mind being patient, but I know I sent my shipping information when asked. Looking forward to it though. My touchfires arrived in the post today and WOW, is this an awesome product or what! I'm very impressed by this product. I would say that it's the best product that I've purchased on Kickstarter and separate to that, you guys were the best creators that I've dealt with. 10/10 Hello, haven't received my TouchFire. Jus wondering if all orders have been shipped? I'd have to say I agree with @Julien in terms of issues/disappointment. I've was rather disappointed from the moment I got my TouchFire. The black plastic strip was the first thing I noticed...that it didn't look new, instead it looked like it had been used and had some sort of residue. In addition, the magnets are no where near strong enough to hold the TouchFire when rolled up or when laid across my iPad. In other words, within the first couple of rolls/unrolls it became a hassle. However, my biggest problem is that, the main reason I bought it, ie. the fact that it allows you to rest your fingertips on the iPad without triggering the keys, is a bit of a sham. While resting my fingertips on it, they almost always trigger a keystroke especially when trying to get your fingers back into their standard position. Honestly, I'm not sure what the next step would be, but I'm certainly not satisfied with my purchase. Never mind, it was my fault. I hadn't paid shipping yet. I should read my email more often I haven't received mine in Australia yet. Have you got a tracking number that you can send me please Hello Brad and Steve! You had asked that I let you guys know how I liked my TouchFire. It is truly awesome and exactly the "keyboard" I was looking for. I can now touch type on my iPad. Amazing. I never look at my keyboard and always found typing on glass less than ideal because you had to look at the keyboard. I also didn't want carry around another attachment or stinking gadget. I love that the TouchFire rolls right up in the smart cover and just becomes part of the iPad. My iPad still has great mobility and it still fits in my slipcover. Now I just need to get use to the smaller keybaord layout, but that is not a TouchFire issue. I am still learning things, like I can't rest my thumb on the space bar like I normally would on a keyboard. Also, I noticed that TouchFire works better when typing on the pads of your fingertips rather than typing on the tips of your fingers. When using a proper typing positing on the tips of your fingers, the iPad does not always recognize the press. However, if I roll down to my pads it is much more responsive. (Shh...don't tell my typing teacher from back in my high school days.) I am hoping that with use I can move back to a better hand position. Finally, for some reason I seem to always be hitting the shift key somehow. I have not yet figured out how I am doing that. So I will need to work out that kink. Overall great product. I am loving using it. The finishing could use a bit of refinement. There were some rough edges on the silicone portion where the silicon meets the harder plastic pieces. It was almost as if the piece was cut out by hand and glued quickly. It is simply a cosmetic issue and does not impact the usability. Thanks again for your updates and pictures. It was truly fascinating watching the product come to market. Hello, today is August 6 and I am patiently waiting for my TouchFire. The last update was July 11 and half of the Touch Fire's had been shipped. When can I expect mine? @carol : thanks for the tip but unfortunately it's not the problem. The problem is that the QWERTY layout the touchfire is designed for and the AZERTY layout that is the only one used in France (where I am living) are very slightly different when it comes to the top row of letters... I have been emailing back and forth with Steeve about this. My TouchFire arrived a couple of days ago, and it was Love at First Touch!! The keyboard does exactly what you said it would do -- it provides that tactile connection to the keyboard that is missing when you type directly on the iPad's touch screen. The Typing Tutor is quite ingenious, and should help get anyone up to speed quickly. My wife, who was a skeptic initially about the TouchFire when I ordered it, quickly changed her tune as soon as she tried it out. (After 5 minutes with the typing tutor she was hitting 117 wpm with 100% accuracy!) My TouchFire will stay on my iPad from now on. With this one addition, my passive content-consumer has been transformed into a content-producer. My iPad has finally become a real computer! Thanks, Steve and Brad, for a job well done. To julien. Flip it. I had the same issue until I realized I had it on the wrong side. I'm not able to locate my last review so I am reposting another one. I received my Touchfire several days ago and I have been typing on it ever since. My typing speed has increased and accuracy has improved. I think it is one of the best inventions I have come across. I do have one question though, are the top magnets only to attach to the cover clips or are they supposed to attach to the iPad as well? If they are supposed to attach to he iPad surface, then mine is not attaching to the iPads surface. However, it doesn't affect my typing whatsoever. I also noticed some glue or silicone residue on the corners of the Touchfire which can be easily rubbed off. Brilliant product Steve and Brad, I will be purchasing several for friends! I just received it and am typing on it now. After about ten minutes of practice I learned the nuances of using this new style of keyboard. Now I am quite happy with the results. I had been expecting that I could rest my pinky finger on my right hand on the return key (lightly) as a point of reference for my hands, but soon learned that the approach didn't work for me. I also learned that the apostrophe is not a viable key stroke for me if fluid typing is the goal. It is fairly easy to work around both of these very, very minor issues. I did not have a problem with stickiness of the keyboard. There is a very slight misalignment between the keyboard letters and the Touchfire, but it does not have any impact on my typing speed or accuracy at all. To sum it up, this reviewer is very satisfied with the results. While the plastic box was somewhat disappointing It does not ruin my experience with theTouchfire, Perhaps future versions could be packaged in something of higher quality. Overall, thanks for the innovative design. To all kickstarters : I want everyone to know that you do offer a GREAT CUSTOMER support so if anyone runs into a problem they should not worry the TF team cares about its clients. (and that is a great thing). @Steeve&Brad : read it and replied with a picture. Received my Touchfires today. VERY VERY DISAPOINTED. I do not care for the flimsy plastic holder with its cheap look and feel. I really understand that it is difficult to produce such an item and I do not care that it is 8 months late. What i do care about : - THE PRODUCT IS UNUSABLE : the keys are seriously misaligned (example : a key is 50% over I and 50% over O, making the typing a matter of luck. This is unacceptable since it renders the product worthless. AM I THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS ISSUE (perhaps) ? - The magnets appear very weak to me, I constantly have to ajdust the touchfire's position because it keeps moving 2 to 3 millimeters away from its intended position. I would greatly appreciate if you could help me out because I believe in your integrity as inventors and business people but the product I received is not what I paid for :-( Lucky guys. I'm still waiting for my 2 New iPad Touchfires... I live ion Brazil - still no sign of them... :-( Well after the long wait, my touchfire's finally arrived. one white one black which I'm ok with even though the reason for the long wait was so I could have two whites. I'm guessing its going to take some trial and error to use and get comfortable with it, and I'm glad I didn't turn auto correct off! For some reason the A and S are the two keys that seem to be the two hardest keys for me to use with it. The right side of the touchfire does stay attached as well as the left side - any suggestions there? I use a screen protector, but it doesn't seem to affect the left side so I don't think that is the issue. I've read all the previous comments and kept them in mind while trying it out, so I think with time I will become more comfortable with it and enjoy using it. oh, it make the return key extra sensitive but not the backspace key. Anyone else have that issue? Mine finally came yesterday. I backed pretty close to the end, so I have to imagine that most people have theirs now. I'm liking it a lot - being able to (lightly) rest fingers on keys is a big help, and it's greatly helping my accuracy with typing on the on-screen keyboard. I've even been able to do some typing while looking away from the iPad entirely! Brought it to work with me, and already had a couple of co-workers asking about it after seeing me using it in a meeting. I'll probably keep using an external Bluetooth keyboard for heavy typing, but now I don't feel as much like I have to carry around that as an extra piece all the time! I ordered two, one for me and one for my daughter as a Christmas present present. Christmas 2011. :-) When will I get mine? I have to say it is incredibly comfortable. I really enjoy the feeling of the keys on my fingers. Very responsive, took me about 30 seconds to learn how to type with it. Like that it attaches to the smart cover, and not permanently on the screen. Very impressed! So, I got my touchfire in the mail today (yay!), and so far I LOVE it! Not only is it very easy to use, but my favorite part might be that it is see through. This means that I can leave it in place even when I am not using the keyboard, and it does not seem like it is "in the way". This REALLY sets it apart from the iKeyboard (which I also backed). Another positive thing when compared to the iKeyboard is that there are no plastic separations between the keys. When I used the iKeyboard I ended up hitting the plastic between the keys at least as often as I hit the keys themselves. This is honestly the FIRST KickStarter project that I have backed that upon receiving it I actually feel like I will probably use! And I have backed many projects... Anyway, thank you so much for making this useful product! It took awhile, but it was worth the wait, and I am very glad that I backed this. I will definitely buy a replacement or a second gen version if I ever need one! Excellent work, you guys! The customer service so far has been excellent! Couldn't of asked for anything more! Thanks Touchfire! Received the Touchfire today. Very pleased! I think I owe an apology for suggesting in a prior comment that something was amiss in this project. As they say "patience is a virtue," and I didn't possess it. Lesson learned. Mea culpa. Mea culpa. Mea culpa. Do you know when I will recieve my touchfire? I'm on the edge of my seat everytime I hear a knock at my door! Well I got my touchfire yesterday. After waiting and waiting a half a year to get it I for sure thought it would be a perfect product. Honestly I'm rather disappointed. My keyboard has a curve to it and doesn't really fit on my I pad that well and why in the world would I put the clips on my smart cover?!? If I didn't have the keyboard on my iPad all the time, my screen would get scratched by the clips. Come on...that's just a little dumb. I'm really upset that I paid 45 dollars for this products. I honestly think its a 15 dollar product the way it's built. I actually started typing this With the keyboard on the screen and ended up removing it halfway thru this I'm just stunned. I was so excited to get it and now I'm just mad that I bought it....I've got a feeling a lot of people feel the same way. I got mine today and I'm struggling with the typing. I do have an iPad 2 and it doesn't seem to fit properly. It doesn't line up over the keys and is actually causing me to type slower than ever. Very disappointed. I get my heart broken every day the postal carrier comes with no touch fire :( I just went to my mailbox after work and lo, there was a TouchFire in it waiting for me! =D This was literally the first project I ever funded on Kickstarter what so ever, so it's nice to finally hold the fruits of that labor. I cannot wait to bust this bad boy out! Steve & Brad- any chance you could let me know if or when my Touchfire will ship? Thanks, can't wait to try it out. Best, Jonathan. Received mine - so far so good - I chose not to use the cover clips and will leave it in its case until I need it. I do agree the spacebar is a bit of an issue - I had hoped it would be way better than my normal iPad keyboard experience as I often hit a letter key when trying to touch the spacebar - so far helps only a little. I received my Touchfire today (Los Angeles) and have been playing around with it for a bit on my iPad 2. I'm not sure if I got a wonky one, but the magnet near the backspace and enter key refuses to stay. This causes the top row to sometimes "bubble" up in the middle, move out of place, or stick onto my fingers while typing (lifting up the right side of the touchfire). despite this defect, typing on the iPad is a breeze! The touchfire keys don't match up with the iPad 2 keyboard exactly, but I havent had any mis-typed keys because of it. Every day I walk to the post office with hope, but as of yet, no TouchFire :( Are you guys ignoring all wholesale inquires? Still waiting in Illinois. I'm also waiting... here from Germany... is there any expected time of arrival for "across atlantics" like me? Are my two touchfires (1 black, 1 white) shipped already or am I still in the queue? Still waiting............ Yeah, Sue Hines, I'm with you. I don't think anybody could accuse us of not being patient, but I find it galling to be reading press on a product I helped to fund and still do not have. I know that there are a lot of variables in launching a new product, but how you treat your backers is completely in your control. After seven months of asking us to be patient, this is a huge fail. My TouchFire just arrived in Tokyo, Japan. Played around with it a little and I find that half the time the keys don't respond to my touch, leading to a lot of typos and run-on sentences. I'm guessing that like Andrew, the combination of having a screen protector and the TouchFire is causing the problem. Hopefully, it will get better with more use and more practice on my end. I just spoke with Steve (thanks for the great customer service). Here's what we discovered testing Touchfire on my Ipad 1. Spacebar works fine when touched by index fingers. But when touched by the side of my thumb, the normal way I hit the space key, it only works intermittently. I have a screen protector on my iPad, which Steve felt the combination of the screen protector and the silicon of the touch fire, combined with some callous on the side of my thumb creates a situation where there's not enough capacitance to reliably register. That's a shame, because I am unwilling to remove the screen protector film, nor to have callous removal surgery on my thumbs. If I could train myself to hit the with the main pad of my thumb rather than the side, it would probably work. I'll try it on my gf's Ipad 3, which also has a screen protector, and report back. Maybe the detection algorithm is better on the New Ipad. I'm a little disappointed. I'm finding the space bar is unreliable, everything else works, but about 20% of the time the spacebar doesn't read. That makes the keyboard pretty much worthless. Also, the lining up to the virtual keyboard is not exact, but it's good enough. Is there anything I can do to make the spacebar work better? The typing tutor needs a better timer mechanism. The timer stopped counting while I was typing! So while it's flattering to be told I type sentences at 731 WPM, that seems... optimistic. Lineup is imperfect- the buttons (especially near the center) are a touch (pun intended) below the actual buttons on screen. Still, it registers correctly, and my typing accuracy is way up. Two actual complaints, though, although the solution to both is the same: 1. The Touchfire is an absolute dust magnet. I've used it for a day and it looks like I tried to use it to wipe dust off a bookshelf. It looks like it wants to be washed at least daily, if not more often. 2. The cover clip storage is incompatible with actually using the Smart Cover as a stand- the Touchfire must be not on the cover. Which means I should probably just store the thing in its case- keeps dust off better, and doesn't pose a problem when folding the iPad. I'm pretty sure a large percentage of the dust I got on it resulted from when I had to set the Touchfire on the table at work so I could stand up my iPad to use the Kindle app over breakfast. I received my keyboard over the weekend and over all I'm pleased with it. I would however give the cover 'clips' an F- (really bad grade for all you international readers). I have already gone through the initial sticky pads and the second set just pulled loose. The adhesive is just making bare spots on the microfiber interior of my leather smart cover. I wish you would have stuck to the original design that used a mechanical attachment method. Got mine two days ago. So far I hate it, can't seem to get the proper alignment so typing on it is impossible unless I constantly backspace to correct my errors. I am also disappointed that it came without a single hardcopy instruction other than to access the typing tutorial. Very disappointed but will give it away to my slightly more techy brother-in-law and see if he has better luck. Good press in the Daily. Can't wait to get mine, hopefully this coming week! My Touchfires haven't arrived yet, so I can't join the chorus of happy backers quite yet, but Steve got back to me after my comment that I hadn't heard from anybody about an issue I had with the Amazon payments system. Thanks, Steve! Can't wait to get my hands on the Touchfire! I received my Touchfire Variety Pack! It should have been: "5 pairs of cover clips in colors that complement the iPad Smart Covers" but I only received a single pair of grey cover clips with each keyboard, i.e. I have 2 pairs. Am I missing the other cover clips ? I finally recieved my Touchfire too (in the Netherlands, actually I am typing on it. I really like it for being able to type more accurately. A question though: is there a trick to type æ or ä or à without folding the touchfire away? Fortunately ë and ï and û are ok, because e, i, u, and o are on the top row and you can slide easily with your fingers towards the desired letters. Thanks for the nice product! Saw a nice review for the TouchFire on THE DAILY today, gave it an A and praised it for being a really good product. Thought it might be a little pricey, but still a really good product. While I thought this was great, I was a little irritated that I'm still waiting for my two to even show up. I understand a quality product was wanting to be made before being shipped, but geez, if it's available to purchase for $49.99 where's the backers product? A little tired of being told it's "in the mail". Oh man, I hate being an International Backer, can't wait to get my hands on this :-) Wow! Steve is on it! I recieved an email about five minutes after my previous comment. Steve sent me his phone number and we had an interesting conversation about manufacturing. We determined that my unit has a very minor curvature from side to side - not enough for me to ask for a replacement. They are doing continual improvements that will address these issues. I'll let Steve pipe in with the details. As I noted previously - I'm happy to be a backer. It's great to see homegrown innovation. Also cool to have it being manufactured in the US. And even better to have customer service that is phenomenal. When's the last time you said something about a product online and had the CEO email you with his phone number? A little dissapointed in the quality. The whole thing is much more flimsy than I expected. The alignment of the keys over the virtual keyboard is not great, though admittedly good enough to allow typing. It will be interesting to see what the next revisions look like. The molding quality at this point is still pretty suspect, Don't take this as negative feedback. I fully understand where this thing is in the product development cycle. I'm still very happy to have been a supporter. I got mine today. I gotta say...this thing is pretty awesome! It makes typing on the iPad so muh easier. I'm so much more accurate. Hats of to you guys. This thing rocks! Just received my touchfire today and so far love it! Am having a bit of a problem with the a key, but I think that is because I am typing on the arm of my sofa rather than a flat surface. This is a huge improvement over the regular keypad. It is fun to know that I am an early adopter (as they say in marketing ). Can't wait for my friends to see this in action. I love it. It does take a second to orient, but a really elegant product. Kudos. Totally agree with Rian. Not all projects are a 100% success rate and seeing prompt detailed responses from these guys is very encouraging. Very much looking forward to receiving my Touch Fire and sure there will be some getting used to it before I can type as quickly as I do on other instruments. In fact, I recently bought a new ultra book and had some time to get used to typing on it also. Got my touch fire yesterday, and the experience has been interesting. I like the silicone tab to hold to keep the keyboard in place when opening the smart cover. It doesn't allow me to totally ouch type because the iPad onscreen keyboard is simply not sized like a standard keyboard. But getting used to the touch fire make typing. SO. Much easier. Now if it would only stop that damn autocorrect (laugh). Thanks though. Dthe fact that this 'keybord' is always with me is super and it really does help me keep my fingers on the correct letters. Very interesting responses from Steve! I believe this is the first project I've seen on Kickstarter where inventors (or designers) really want to communicate and discuss about problems and solutions. Really enjoying my new TouchFire! It is amazing how comfortable the keys feel compared to tapping on the glass directly. Shocking, really. Great job! Can't wait to get ours... So we can try it out too. It's been interesting hearing about the ups and downs of trying to get a product out on the market, especially when it's based on a moving target. A most interesting process. And now to get the final reward. I'm haunting the mail! Got mine today. Am learning to type with it. It is harder than I hope it would be. I have to press really hard to get it to work. Also, did you guys test this with someone with longer fingernails? My nails are not overly long but do extend past the end of my fingers. They keep getting stuck in the material. I do like the way the TF automatically positions itself on the iPad. I like how thin it is... Hoping the adjustment comes quickly. This user's account has been deleted. Awesome responsiveness from the team! I just spoke with Steve and we are going to find out what's up with my touchfire. And yes, I did go to the website and try their "typing tutor." it didn't help. Comment started a 1:33 I ecive my uchire ody an I'm sy to sy that I am horribly disappointed.the video showe the ouchfie sliding easily per the screen to align itself. That's not possible. It's stic ky and b arely esponsive. Comment ended 1:35 Comment started 1:35 I received my touchfire today and I am sorry to say I am horribly disappointed. The video showed the touchfire sliding over the screen for alignment. That is impossible. It is sticky and barely responsive. Comment ended 1:36 Please note, I typed the first of my comments with the touchfire on the screen and everything else without it...simply typing on the screen. The space bar is hardly ever responsive. The errors above are only those left after the iPad fixed the ones it could figure out and most are caused by unresponsive keys. I have been typing on the screen since my iPad 1. I am fully are of the need to only touch one key at a time And yet I can touch type fairly quickly WITHOUT the touchfire. With the touchfire, I feel as though my fingers are typing through cement. I realize I was an investor, not a consumer, but this product is a HUGE disappointment. I had been looking so forward to getting it and it is entirely unusable. Has anyone actually gotten one yet? Is it shipping by USPS or some or pother means? Btw. Congrats - looking forward to using your product Congratulations to you guys and the whole team! Great news - can't wait to get mine! Supposed to be ready for shipping by the end of June. It is the end of June. Can shipping be far behind? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. As with several other recent comments, I also applaud the focus and commitment to bring this to market (which is NOT any of us, by the way -- we are micro-investors, not consumers). But in the mean time, I have moved on -- purchased an iPad 3 and then the first Logitech Ultra Thin BT KB Cover at my local Best Buy. Sad to say (for TouchFire), it is fabulous and "only" double the price of a TF. This is the dilemma for a crawl-to-market product like TF -- it is going to be made obsolete as other things outpace it, even at (initially) double the price, simply because they are actually available. folks - if you want retail - go buy retail. Now you have a bit of a taste of what it's like to fund a startup. And unlike software - there are a host of complications that happen in physical manufacturing. I applaud the TouchFire team for their efforts to construct this device "locally" (full disclosure - I'm Canadian) and I am also highly interested in this "behind the scenes" look into the processes. Keep on trucking, TouchFire team - get it done! Ship, rest and then get going on TouchFire MkII :) Curious about how Touchfire relates to the newly announced rollback keyboard on the new Microsoft Tablet. Seems very similar! Thanks for the recent update. The journey through the manufacturing process has made me appreciate the fact I don't want to get into manufacturing. :) Looking forward to shipment.....and being the envy of my friends. I hope you're ready for wild success! It's unbelievable how negative some of you are with your comments. Yes, it takes awhile and there are numerous obstacles along the way, but these guys have done an amazing job in communicating with all of us while solving the issues to produce what I expect will be a great product. Ease up!! Congrats on making it this far. I can't wait to receive my TouchFire. Any chance you can provide a video on how to attach it when there is a case on the iPad (e.g. The new iPad case from Apple that covers front and back. I'd like to know if the idea is that this is remove able or if it stays on all the time. This user's account has been deleted. I'm beginning to think this is a scam. No delivery. No product. No updates for quite some time. $200,000 paid. 3,100 buyers. An investigation may be in order. I had forgotten about this until i started cleaning out my email tonight....it has been so long since I ordered it, it has now become a forgotten purchase. Almost a month since last update...too long really, guys. tell us what's happening! I'm pretty frustrated with the whole thing. I got it as a gift for my mother for CHRISTMAS, It's now June. At this rate it'll be there a year later. I'm not upset it's taking a long time, I'm upset you promised something and didn't deliver it. You do realize for all the talk you have about user experience. Would love to hear back Really just want a refund, even if partial. Too long forever waiting. Come on! As much as I hate to see something I ordered be delayed month after month, I must say you guys have found a way to make this be a fun, engaging, and worthwhile experience for me anyhow! As a mechanical engineering student with several internships under my belt that have focused on product innovation and launching, the challenges you have faced have been very relatable to me and I appreciate all the great updates! I sincerely hope you guys are having a good time doing this, and that you guys can find some other projects to throw on kickstarter so that I can continue to get awesome products and support you guys! Are you aware of what other ways other companies are developing to enhance the user's tactile experience of a flat surface keyboard? See: <url>"right" than "quick"... Great work, guys! Let's get'er done! Even though this is going to ship a little late for a Christmas 2011 gift, I showed my dad (receiver of said gift) and he was REALLY excited and can't wait to get it! Can I also have my order changed to a 3rd gen iPad? Thanks! And keep working hard! I know it will pay off soon!!! My case color has been changed to black. Still the smart cover for iPad 2. So everything in black please:) thanks! I think I've said this before: Designing and manufacturing physical products is hard. Very hard. Anyone with the urge to post a negative comment should first attempt to make something akin to the many projects in KS first. Only then will you have the perspective from which to voice an opinion that has any value. As someone who has been doing this my entire life I come from the vantage point of knowing, in no uncertain terms, just how tough it can be. And, I have the scars to prove it. I don't care if TouchFire takes another six months. It'll be ready when it is ready. You should be glad that Steve and Brad are choosing to take the time to do a good job rather than ship everyone crap and move on. Their communication on the project has been exemplary. If you pay attention there's lots to learn. Rather than complain, ask good questions as this is a good opportunity to learn a lot about how products are engineered and manufactured in the real world. @Neil Bunn, well said. It is a lottery but Steve and Brad have taken a risk to produce something we all want and they have kept us in the loop all the way. Let's wish them a speedy production cycle..I can't wait! This user's account has been deleted. It's been more than a couple of weeks since the last update - please let us know where it is at... So, just had to comment. I've backed a pile of projects now, and the number that have shipped on their estimated shipping date is zero. What does this tell us? Well, that this situation here for Touchfire isn't unique, and that it is a heck of a lot harder to bring a good quality product to market than it appears. It also doesn't help that some of these projects become far more successful than even intended, so scale becomes a problem, not just a blessing. I've been lucky in that *every* single project I've funded has eventually completed, (one was a year late) and has provided good value and a fun time for me, some in practice have turned out a little different from what I originally envisioned, but that's the nature of this process -- you are funding a concept, an idea, that often needs to be adjusted or tweaked both for practicality, or volume production, or just because things change over time (in this case like iPad 3 announcement!) This should be viewed by everyone as a fun adventure, with a "fund at your own risk" mentality, nothing more. It is up to funders to do their due diligence both in terms of the feasibility of the project (some of these clearly will never happen) and also in terms of what it means if your funding just plain disappears. For me, the fun is in having something new, unique, and that no one else may ever have -- or, in the best possible case that everyone else will have, but much later than I will. Plus, it is great to support entreprenurship and business building. Half of us go out and buy meaningless lottery tickets that will almost never pay off, or gamble, or buy all sorts of silly products we don't need or could live without -- in this case it is a bet on innovation, ingenuity and participation as an observer in the creation of a product. Steve and Brad have been good about posting updates of the successes and failures, would I love more? Sure, because I'm a data geek -- but have they abandoned the project or done anything that isn't entirely above board? It doesn't appear that way when you see tables and tables of injection moulded parts and a lot of micrometers out! :) For me, I still love it, and the kickstarter experience. If my order turns into a silicon keyboard for an iPad 4, so be it... still interesting to watch and support. :) @KC Bitterman I'd change your last name. The irony is killing me. @ J Newell. Totally agree. Some people need to take a Good look at what Kickstarter is really about and then take a good look at themselves and ask what they want from KS? These guys on average have given an update every 2 weeks with a lot of detail. I think this is fantastic and more than I expect IMHO. Keep it up guys! Having backed 30+ Projects, these guys are well ahead of others. Many projects are between 6 months to 1 year late than what they originally quoted. If you can't handle it, this is not the place for you. I'd like a black keyboard for iPad 2 please:) Thanks:) I'm so excited to get your product! :D *sigh*. That's all. Just... *sigh*. Wish these guys would give more frequent updates. But then, there is much I wish for in life. You need to take another look at Kickstarter as a whole and evaluate whether your expectations are realistic in this context. You've backed a single project, this one. I've backed nine to date. TouchFire is way out at the head of the pack in terms of communications with backers and progress to delivery of the product. If you need to live in a world of impatient, instant gratification, Kickstarter is not the place for you. "Well, this is one "investor" that is just absolutely disgusted by this project. When you originally pitched this, you claimed to have designed this product and that it was ready for production. Clearly, my investment has gone toward you two yutzes learning how to actually do what you said you had already done. While it has been interesting two watch you two piss away the cash that regular folks like me put up for a non-existent product, it has also been painful and a good learning opportunity. Touchfire, you taught me that Kickstarter is the land of bullshit, smoke and mirrors." Well, this is one "investor" that is just absolutely disgusted by this project. When you originally pitched this, you claimed to have designed this product and that it was ready for production. Clearly, my investment has gone toward you two yutzes learning how to actually do what you said you had already done. While it has been interesting two watch you two piss away the cash that regular folks like me put up for a non-existent product, it has also been painful and a good learning opportunity. Touchfire, you taught me that Kickstarter is the land of bullshit, smoke and mirrors. I would like to point out that we are "investors" not "customers". It is always encouraging to have perfect time frame, but we are investing in a project, something that does not exist in this world, yet. If this thing is going to have a problem, I want to see that problem solved before it hits the shelves. In that sense, I am OK with what is going on with the project. Thanks to Steve & Brad, TouchFIre will "just work" (like Jobs used say) on iPad. But again, we would love to know more details of shipping time, and, if there is any, issues. can i have my order switched to an iPad 3, which I recently purchased? This user's account has been deleted. @David W. Thanks for posting that. It was a great article that offer a different perspective. If we all bought the Touchfire at Bestbuy, we would not no knowledge (or concern) for what went into it-but we didn't. We invested in a product that did not exist and are given the chance to be a part of it's development. Had apple allowed us to preorder at the state of the iPad's infancy, I imagine it would have been a lot longer than 6 months before we had it in hand. Thanks again for posting. How do I update my backer request/order? I now have an iPad3 and it is in white. We all need to remember what Kickstarter is. The following post is a good read: <url>’t necessarily mean that users are guaranteed to get a product. “My concern is they’re buying something that doesn’t exist yet,” Strickler said. “It’s not like the Pebble guy has a warehouse in Ohio. He has to make these things.” Contingencies. If I can find fault in your process so far, it's that contingencies are not planned for. It's one thing to design a product with the the kind of tolerances you guys are, but you have to understand the tolerances of the materials that you're working with and plan for things to go wrong. Sometimes it's wise to follow multiple paths with different specs that allow for the unknown. Wow. This is disappointing. The only way this wont be a complete disaster is if you ship everyone both a black and white keyboard. This is just frustrating. Hi Steve and Brad, Thanks for the update! I pledged $45 to you last year because I wanted to support a really good commercial idea. By now I feel that I have already received $45 dollars worth of value just getting an inside look at your process these past six months. The realities of developing and manufacturing a product are sometimes painful. I am sorry about the recent set-backs, and hope that you are not too stressed. Looking forward to receiving the keyboard when it is ready! If I may post a suggestion: There are many of us who committed our $45 in December, believing that TouchFire would be shipped in December as you led us to believe. This was "many moons" ago, before any thoughts on an iPad 3 were real. Now we're in May, and if past experience proves correct, we're probably going to see another several weeks/month of delay. I am glad that you want to "get it right" and ship a perfect product, but you need to understand your customer world is changing. Every day the delay continues, more and more people get an iPad3. You've said that one TouchFire isn't compatible with both (as originally thought). You need to order the right one. Many people are not going to do that - and you are going to deal with even more frustrated backers and return shipments to swap it out. Not a good thing. To my suggestion: to everyone who backed at $45+, give 'em one of both. You will immediately get some AMAZING, positive word of mouth, turn detractors into promoters, mitigate return issues and provide backers with one to use on both their iPad1/2 and iPad3 (or EVEN BETTER give it to a friend as a "product seeding" exercise - grabbing you more positive buzz!). The more people who see your first units on the street, the better your long-term sales prospects. Reward your backers. Recognize their patience. Create some positive buzz. Yeah, it will short-term hit your margin, but it's the right thing to do long-term. Adam I am baffled at this point. I reached out in February for an update and received a fairly snide response to my "absurd" question. Now here we going in to May and there are still excuses of why we still do not have a product ready to ship. I ordered one for my husband who is deploying in May. It never crossed my mind he still would not have it before he left. I guess mine will get posted to Craigslist when I eventually get it. I cannot even express how excited I was when I saw this product last year and now how disappointed I am. Before I ask my question: Please know that I am not criticizing you and I am not even bothered by the delays. I have designed and manufactured enough products with a variety of technologies to know that, well, making things is hard sometimes very hard. I'd like to understand why the tolerances for the magnet pocket are so tight as to not being able to tolerate a 0.006in dimensional change. Surely manufacturing tolerances of the magnets themselves had to require being tolerant of changes. Plastic, well, it's plastic so you have to assume the worst when designing. I learned a long time ago to not call for tight tolerances anywhere unless there was absolutely no way to avoid it. Couldn't you have designed that hole to have compliant "fingers" to capture the magnet and, therefore, provide for variations in both process and magnet dimensions? Again, no issues with the delays. You guys seem to be chasing it all down systematically and this is a process. If anything it is a really good education for KS supporters who don't have any experience in manufacturing goods. To repeat myself, it isn't easy. The other comment I'd like to offer for those bothered by the delays is that tooling isn't printed at the push of a button like a document coming out of your printer. Having tooling manufactured can take weeks. Good tooling providers are busy. They can't shove work out of the way to focus on just one project. This means that your project has to fit within their production schedule like anything else they are doing. Tooling can take four to six weeks per iteration. This doesn't mean that it takes four weeks to machine, it means that it can take that long for time to be available for the order to get to the shop floor and the tooling fabrication to begin. I realize that many want their keyboard (me too!). Patience is probably the best position to take. Steve and Brad seem to be working hard at this and will eventually get it all figured out. I, for one, am enjoying the process and the updates. Lots to learn if you really pay attention. For the record, I am in no way related to these guys and don't know them other than through my pledge on their project. How is it possible to recieve over $191,400 (over 2000% of goal) over your goal amount to create, refine, and distribute your product and not have realistic timelines in order to deliever to your 3,000 backers?! Everyone look at that estimated delievery of December 2011 on the right hand side and then look at your current calendar, either I'm crazy or that meant to read "December 2012". Excuse the "woodworker" in me, but would it be possible to simply "drill out" the magnet receptacles after the silicon molding process is completed? Setting a standard depth and width could address any variances during the molding process. Caution from one manufacturer to another: I don't know if your magnet source is imported or US, but if the strength of the pull is critical, then you want that tested also. And anytime you have metal meeting plastic temperature can make a good fit suddenly not work. Since two mediums "come and go" at different temperatures, they can contract or expand and create a nightmare. I am supprised the tollerance was that tight to begin with but maybe it has to be. If not, sometimes "slop" is not a bad thing. When I first pledged I had a iPad2 as the release date continued to backup I now have upgraded to an iPad3 how do I change my order to that version? Eager for the update, guys. Truly hope it is not an update of yet another delay. Original delivery was December. It is now end of April. If there is another delay, please let us know how we can get a refund. Obviously, this is a great idea or we would not have backed it but it seems like it is not going to get delivered anytime soon. Hey guys? 15 days since last communication of any kind. Blew right by the April 23 date. C'mon, speak! I'm just trying to understand: Touchfire is only compatible with iPad 2 or iPad 3, depending on what version we order. But, the Apple's Smart Cover I bought with my iPad 2 is working with my iPad 3 too.... Isn't there anyway to use one Touchfire for both iPad 2 and 3??? This reminds me of a lesson I learned in B school...making stuff is actually hard! Its one of the reasons so many of my classmates went into finance (not me) I currently have an IPad2 and I know in about 6 months I'll be getting a 3. Will the ipad3 keyboard work with the ipad2? Just read update #18. Thanks for the thorough walkthrough of the timeline thus far. Helps greatly in understanding the delays. Crossing my fingers everything is go. Looking forward to future updates, good or bad. Thanks! Guys...disregard my email. I was wondering and will give it another month. Lets hope for everyone that this is it! Thanks It seems that so many under estimate the time to bring the finished product to fruition. It is a little frustrating to see a December 2011 estimated date by you guys and it's not the end of March 2012 and still not any idea of when these will actually be completed and shipped. It should have been under promise and over deliver instead of over promise and under deliver. This is the 3rd one I've backed and all have the same kind of issues... I sure hope this gets done soon.. Frustrating!!!! I suggest you have more frequent updates and videos. 3 weeks so far since the last one. That is not very good communication and a better effort on your part would be much appreciated. Any idea of a Shipping date guys? Looking so forward to getting this and putting it to the test. I have the Acme Made Infinite Angle cover and thing that the combination will be a killer portable setup. I hope that there is no issue with compatability with this cover. It's very trim, but is one where the Ipad slips into the cover and has a thin frame around the screen. Compatable? Hi Steve & Brad, Does TouchFire work with the keyboard layout of the new iPad that has a microphone key? I am guessing it does since the bottom row on TouchFire is just one continuous touch zone. Looking forward to getting my hands on one soon. Thanks! Any updates on the delivery dates? @KC Bitterman Kinda ironic, that last name... Just an update if anyone did not see the latest apple event today. The TouchFire is compatible with the new iPad as the smart cover is still compatible so the magnets have not changed. Good news for anyone who wants to buy the new iPad. Side Note: Stupid that it is just called "The New iPad"! Thrilled that you are manufacturing in the US! Can't wait to see the finished product. Hoping it will work on the iPad3 or will be modified for that model shortly after it's release. Thank you for the update, I love the fact that you are manufacturing in the USA! Keep up the great work, am really looking forward to my TouchFire. Thanks for the update. I have no problem with the delay. Can't wait to get my touchfire, I'm sure it will be great! Thanks for the update. They are certainly appreciated. Anxious to receive the TouchFire but very pleased you are committed to doing it right. Keep up the good work. I'm hoping you have confirmed support for the iPad 3 by the time you go to mfg. @James Goddard I thought you already gave up and asked for your money back from your credit card company? Since this product is pretty much going to ship after the iPad 3 (if it ever ships at all) are you going to offer your backers a free iPad 3 keyboard? Guys bugs happen - that's innovation for you. Thanks for keeping us all up to date and for caring about the commitments you made. One BIG question I have is. The iPad 3 I have held off getting an iPad 2 an soldiered on with an iPad 1 but for sure will get a 128g iPad 3 when they are announced next week. What are your plans to quickly develop a revised screen if this is needed or if the magnetic screen mount still remains the same can I switch my order from iPad 1 style to iPad2/3 style. Regards A fellow innovator Well, last update says you're having issues with the mold. Considering this and the all following steps to come, what's the new timeline appears to be? I appreciate your keeping us posted. Good luck with the good work. Hey Steve and Brad, Thanks, as always, for the updates. No sweat re the delay. Cool, new stuff always takes more time than expected. It'll be worth the wait. Cheers! Thanks for the update, guys! There's no rush. We know you are doing what you need to do to make it work. Stay focused... I got a TouchFire for me and one for my Dad for Christmas. He works in R & D for a small scientific instruments firm. It's an extra part of the gift for him to be an observer (as opposed to being the guy under fire) for a new product release. He thinks it's much nicer to be smiling sympathetically instead of agonizing over the delays. You're doing a great job! Hang in there. What is the status (with specifics) on the production and delivery of this product. Please answer the following questions: 1. When did the actual production of the product itself begin? 2. Have you completed the production process or is it still underway? 3. You said in a previous posting that the mailing would begin in late February. Have you completed the packaging for the product? Have you prepared all mailing materials for the product? Have the delivery packages been given to UPS/ USPS, or whatever firm you are planning to use? If not, what is the specific date when you plan to take that step? Please respond to this inquiry. In my opinion, and compared to others who have used Kickstarter for their products, your communications have been few and far between. Ok iPad3 is on the way, and there is no sign of the keyboard for iPad2. Guess you were just a little overly optimistic about your ship date. Or it's just complete BS. Either way, I am kind of over this. Good luck with your nearly obsolete product. I can't imagine when I get this useless hunk of plastic and how stupid I will feel if it ever shows up. Good object lesson, I guess. please ignore Ipad 3 question, saw your earlier response!! Cant wait to see it!! So, with all the Ipad3 noise, whats the thoughts on touchfire compatibility with Ipad 3?? Looking forward to it! I'm curious whether the smart cover can be rolled up, or whatever it's called, with the soft keyboard in place to be used,say, to watch videos. Hey, I have a question. I understand why you're starting with a keyboard for the horizontal orientation, and I want one of those and am looking forward to using it. But are you considering making one for the vertical orientation also? I'd buy one of those also in a heartbeat. Oops - sorry guys, should have read both pages of comments. Yes, the keyboard does work with ipad 1. Looks great, but how will this work with the original iPad...it was not specified for iPad 2 when in design. I don't think smart covers work with iPad 1 - or do they? I just love the new design of the clips! I use a different cover and worried that the clips would not work well or even at all, and with this new design, i bet it will. Great job, great thoughts! thanks! planning on getting the ipad 3 i too want to know if the touchfire will work with the ipad 3. You reckon your product will work with ipad3? Hi team TouchFire -- I have a friend who is interested in one -- may I pledge an additional 45 some how to get them one too?? thx much anne conroy When will the soft keyboard be shipped? I funded on Dec 10 2011, and haven't got yet. I'm still waiting. Please let me know when I receive the products ASAP! When am going to get mine? Hi Brad and Steve, Dumb question. Most of the typing on my iPad is in doing emails. Can I use the TouchFire to write and reply to emails without having to reposition the TouchFire on the iPad? I got mine too, but from their updates, it looks like the factory will be closed Jan 20th for 10 days or so, so I wouldn't look for it till the end of Feb at the earliest. But Can't wait!!! Yay! Just filled out the survey! I'm guessing that must mean the ship date is near?!? Congratulation guys! Look forward to see the product in Singapore. This user's account has been deleted. Bravo, guys! Toby & Philip Flax Congratulations on being funded! It was exciting being part of this wonderful product from the ground-level. Cheers! I've been debating about a keyboard for two months now...and its amazing how I stumbled across this product Friday night...I had the whole household watching video so indeed it was a joined effort that I take the leap and vest in the TouchFire. Congrats guys! It feels like a NEW YEAR's EVE CELEBRATION! I've been watching around the clock since Friday night... I mostly enjoyed reading all of your interviews, write-ups and video posting and I look forward to testing both black and white keyboards. Congrats! If you keep exceeding goals like this in the future, you'll be wildly successful! Look forward to having your fantastic product in hand and start showing it off! Good for you Steve and Brad... Over 3000 backers and $200K.... I just ordered an Uber Special-- we are going to be the coolest teachers in school! Thanks Steve and Brad!!! Don't forget to add shipping to your pledge for those living outside the US. Please add $10 to your pledge for shipping to Canada, $25 for International shipping. Steve and Brad, This is a GREAT product idea! Boy, do I love ingenuity and creativity. I am so proud to see how much support your product has garnered. Obviously, the support has exceeded expectations. I know this will sound archaic, but I don't own an ipad because of the onscreen keyboard. Totally hate it on my iphone. I am eagerly awaiting the arrival of my TouchFire so I can go get the Ipad. . . Who purchases an accessory before the product. I guess when it is a product as wonderful as this. . .it's plausible. Congrats! I bid you Godspeed. Shipping Address? Hi, I just pledged $45. My billing address and my shipping address are different and there was not a way to specify this when making the purchase. Who do I need to talk to ? thanks, Brian You can send me email here: BrianBraatz (AT) gmail.com Just pledged for both a Variety Pack and a Standard Pack - even having the card to say this is coming will make it the best gift under the tree this year. Best-in-class idea, design, workmanship and product. Congrats to both of you on what is likely just the beginning of all the success you'll have with TouchFire! Since you're using the same magnets as the smart cover, will the iPad go to sleep when you apply the keyboard? Brilliant product. I can't wait to be able to finally be able to type on my ipad. It will go from being a media device and sometime work tool to ... laptop. Stoked. Clearly this thing is going to be a direct-to-consumer winner. Are you thinking of wholesale distribution to? Nate VP Shipwire Fulfillment Just a thought and maybe you've covered this already, but what happens to the keyboard when it gets dirty? Is there a way to clean it? I have two dogs(LOTS of dog hair)! No worries. Already a backer at the $45 range. I'll create another account and make another $45 pledge.... that is unless I can gather some friends to go in at the $200 pledge point. :) Not to be super annoying or anything... but would it be possible to pledge at the $80 range to get the KICKSTARTER SPECIAL! but get them both in black? Any idea about when the finished project will ship in the US? 100K backers! Nice job guys... congrats on breaking 100k!!!!!! 1000% funded will in make it in time :() Click on Manage Your Pledge and change the amount to $90 in the pledge amount box... I just paid $80 on Amazon. I am from Canada and could find no way to add the $10 frt. what do I do. <email>. Dec 1-2011 what is the website for touchfire? Hahaha, good deal. There's quite a bit of torn thoughts and opinions on the iPhone one, but I for one, really like the idea of it. And the original ones who came up with the idea have done nothing to bring it to fruition. Packing suggestion: If you can roll up the TouchFire then why not put it (and its additional parts located in the end part(s) or integrated with the rolled up TF) into either a carton or plastic (both made from reusable materials) tubing device. Good outside design. People can then use it to take/pack the TF with them wherever they go. A little different! Good luck. You guys need to make this a reality: <url>#!/SmartKeyboard Thanksgiving traveling made lighter! touchfire allows you to leave your laptop. istore is watching! Congratulations again... 1000 backers... TouchFire, Human Interface for Glass - <url>