Fuckin scam artist. Took my money did not produce shit. Fuckin SHITHEADS! Any news????? Any news ? Nope, no reply from the project people NOR Kickstarter. We all got taken for a ride..... Brian, Mohammed et al, did you guys any response from KS on the ripoff ? The droidifi web page is "under construction" but still has a physical address! Anyone in Boston can swing buy to see if this the address is real ? Im pissed that KS has done nothing and this page is still up as a successfully funded project! I just used the link to provide kickstarter feedback on this ripoff 'project'. For anyone who is checking this page please fill out the form here <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch. <url>" Looks like legal actions may be the way to go...Anyone know of a lawyer who would take this up? Nope! Been 3 weeks since requesting a refund, and even a response. Seems we all got taken, and Kickstarter was the method used to rob us..... Trying that myself. I'll see if I am as lucky as you. yes. asked for it via email and kickstarter. sorry for the late reply :-) @disorganizer - how did you get your refund? did you just ask for it? UPDATE: problem solved with refund. UPDATE: still no access to the forum for no reason. still no answer to any inquiry (via website or kickstarter) no reward, no explanation, no status reports. this is not how a kickstarter project should work (read the accountability part of the tou of kickstarter) and projects like these damage the reputation of kickstarter. sorry, from previous post delete kickstarter and replace with droidifi :-) as kickstarter is blocking access for me as funder to their forum because i reminded them of the tos i now need to post a comment here. there is nothing there. no reaction to information requests. nothing. at least a weekly update on the progress would have been sufficient... but nothing. i doubt that this project will ever see the light of the sun. WTF!!!!!!! A more recent update would be much appreciated. It looks like the last one was over four months ago. Four months of silence is simply unacceptable when you have over $9,000 of your supporters money with nothing to show for it. Yeah, guess we all got ripped off! The website forums are locked. The promised beta never occurred. No information was ever provided other than "still waiting in drivers". A neat idea that was totally mismanaged I guess. while i do know that kickstarter does not provide a product that is ready to sell, i am kinda annoyed with the dealy in delivery with droidify. what i am even more annoyed with is the lack of information provided about tthe delay. yes you are waiting on drivers. that was over a month ago. when are you expecting the drivers? what is your schedule? why do you even need the drivers right now if the routers they are designed for arent even on the market? i am 100% ready to accept delays, as long as you tell me why and when i can expect delivery When will we be able to get the beta firmware? and how will we receive it? will a copy be mailed to us or do we have to download it? @Droidifi - Can you include the date of each post on the support forum? status of the project now? My bad. I don't think my pledge level receives access to the support form. Cheers! @Droidifi, I have not received any account information nor can recover my username/password with my email address. Can you help me please? Whens the BETA release? Anything happening with the forum account setup? I haven't seen anything as of yet. Any progress? What kind of technical skill? I've got serial console to the device via header on the board (that isn't accurately documented online). I've also tweaked and flashed firmware to this device from CFE. Not quite a beginner to this. ;) Are we able to participate in the alpha at all? As my hardware isn't listed as supported, I'd need to use a serial cable anyway, but I'm ok with that. :) The base hardware is identical to the ASUS so I think it'd be worthwhile to try. (Buffalo WZR-D1800H) @Droidifi: Congrats on over tripling target. Did you say we didn't need the cable for the beta? not sure where i heard it or am I getting mixed up with another project. (tried searching comments and home, could of been the interview but havn't re-watched it) Thinking of ordering a router this week before the beta is released (which should be soon if final is targeted at May) Are the main 3 routers about the same performance in current alpha tests? will the backers get Access to the Support Forum and when will the necessary account data be sent out? at the Moment you Need to buy a subscription to Access the Forum, if i read it correctly :-) So is that estimated may delivery for the final firmware or the beta? Crap, I guess I should have asked sooner, now I just wasted $20, oh well my bad Alright did a little reading so is it routers that support IEEE 802.11ac will work with your software or do they need specific chip sets as well? Congrats on the funding. Could you post a list of routers that your software will work with? If you already have,, I apologize for not looking harder. Which router will be used (and sent to) Primary Development? I realize this sounds a bit ignorant but do you support the D-Link DIR-615? @Droidifi, Will your firmware will be high performance in terms of load handling and throughput? Will the Cisco/Linksys E4200 be supported as well? Another quick question: Will the "media server app" be able to use "itunes home shareing" for the pupose of natively supporting my AppleTV. Preferably allowing the source to be on a public network share rather then directly connected with a usb drive. OR will I have to wait for a 3rd party app for this. Looking forward to it either way. They look to be almost identical from a chipset perspective. <url>"eco-dect" which only turns on wlan with full power if devices are disvoered) :-) persuaded and pledge raised :-) nevertheless, what are you going to do with the excess Money you get from the Kickstarter campaign? up to now you are already at 3 times the Money you needed initialy :-) one more on the go: Will the beta release only cover the asus router or also the linksys ea6500? Next question: Will Access to future Firmware updates be free even without buying the subscription to the appstore? Or will we Need to subscribe to the appstore to get new base-firmware Features? I meant atom/x86. I keep typing it wrong. @Droidifi - I agree with you on running a full Linux distro. I currently have a EA4500 behind a pfsense running on laptop. I thought I will run Droidifi fw on a laptop until EA4500 is supported. Will the atom/i86 port be available at launch? Can Droidifi fw be ported to atom/i386? So that we can run this from a netbook or an old laptop/desktop pc. next question, comparing to the original Firmware of a EA6500: in the original Firmware of the linksys ea6500 there are several Features missing. one example is the inability to assign dns names to non-dhcp ip adresses will the new base Firmware fix These issues? or will it just mimic the original Firmware? hopefuly the new Firmware will be more like openwrt than the original Firmware :-) hey, just a couple questions (sorry if already answered/ a stupid question/ too early to tell) 1. Does the router have to be used as the main router for the firewall features to work. I ask cause I would like to if possible, use it as a firewall router between my home server and the rest of my network. (using basic firewall rules) eg. in the senario of: (useing 1st listed router for ip allocation) internet -> router -> router -> Droidifi Router -> Server and/or sandboxed test system. Can I creating rules to block both incoming/ outgoing traffic to specific web ip ranges or ports. 2. Similar question, same server, Can the firewall intercept/block local network traffic that has to pass through the router. eg. only allow traffic to/from the internet gateway ip (lets say 192.168.178.1) and ranges 192.168.178.50-192.168.178.75). cheers and sorry for the long question. Was abit too tired to shorten it while still making sense (well making sense to me) Just some easy questions: 1) which Features are part of the Firmware base packet without appstore? 2) which Features will be free to use without the 20$/yr subscription? 3) what happens if you buy a Feature=app via the appstore and then you end the subscription of the appstore? will you still be able to use the baught Features? 4) wouldnt it also be a feasible model to offer the appstore Access for free and Charge yearly fees for specific Features? as you see maybe a bit more Explanation of the planned appstore Business model and the planned Features would be nice. @Droidifi: Will you guys have a traditional Web interface as well? Or will the interface be the noVNC/framebuffer only? How about Linksys EA4500? Will this router be supported? I'm looking at this as a future investment for when I need a new router. Nice to see there will be more interesting/advanced options when it comes to router customization. I imagine there will be a roll back option if we change our mind. well even if i can`t use it i`m happy to help kickstart something with this much potential You guys support any less expensive routers from linksys ? 1) Would the Partner tier get the same tools Primary developer got? 2) For Partner tier, how long is it for accessing firmware right? Thanks Any chance you`ll be supporting the belkin n600 ? Looks like a great idea, one (probably naive) question - I already use the Asus AC66U with stock firmware, if I load your firmware and subsequently want to go back to stock can this be done? @Droidifi: Thanks for the (very) quick reply! It looks like you guys are going with the DD-WRT business model (nothing wrong with that). Can't wait for May! Btw. Are you guys working with any of the Router manufacturers to have Droidifi ship on a device out of the box? Great job, once again. Glad to see that you are already successful. Any chance of stretch goals? @Droidifi: This is a great project! I have some questions regarding it. I see you mentioned that you are using a HTML5 based web interface to display the Android screen. How are you connecting the frambuffer to your webserver? Will you guys also be including Support for the VNC protocol to interact with the Android screen? Will you guys support DLNA at launch? If so, what DLNA daemon will you be adding to your firmware? Will you be adding support for Accessing media on your USB harddrive via DLNA? Would one need to change the bootloader for your firmware or would UBoot work fine? Will your firmware have support for cramfs or squashfs? What will be the default filesystem for root? How about support for the latest 4G modems? Will you guys be adding Support to upload new modeswitch scripts over USB MSD? Lastly, will you guys be making your firmware opensource so devs can customise the firmwares/port them to new hardware?