Hey Folks, First off, to all the backers, journalists, and other fine human beings that have left kind words of support (especially for my family), thank you so much. They are much appreciated. Second, for the people that have messaged for a refund, these will be processed by the end of this week by PayPal. You should receive a reply on Kickstarter and a message from PayPal when your refund has been put in. If a week goes by without either of these things please send another message. Third, I just wanted to clear up something that seems to be in confusion. There have been some comments that express frustration that the game doesn't continue slowly in what time I can find. However, that's exactly what's going on right now. The game is continuing forward. However, the premise of the Kickstarter phase of the project was a short fulltime effort from me and my team (with monthly updates at the very least), and this is no longer true. This is why I felt it was the right thing to notify the backers. However, since the project is still ongoing (if on life-support), means that opening the project or releasing the music/art, etc (as many have requested), is problematic. Since I am still hoping to figure this out (once my family situation stabilizes), it would be premature to release all the assets. Also, the other contributors are invested in the project and are (at least for now) continuing to work on the game on their own. This is especially true for Julian, who is especially committed to the music of Unwritten Passage and told me he is revising his musical vision for the game. Since I can no longer pay these talented people, at the very least I can respect their wishes regarding work that they feel is "in progress". Of course the situation is obviously "fluid" right now. If things change I'm not opposed to opening the project up, and I'll post here if that is the direction things go. Thanks yet again, Joe Houston - Roxlou Games Note: although most posts are written from the whole team’s perspective, once again the following post was written by Joe alone. More often than not these days, I find myself in a difficult situation. For example, today I am going to make every effort to be direct and to the point in this post. However, I also must respect the privacy of the many people in my life that affect my decisions, so there are some things I just can’t talk about. As always, I’m going to do my best and hope that it’s enough. It’s been a few months since the last update, which is hardly fair to the project or its backers. However, it is also true that this is the earliest that I could manage to write an update, for reasons that I will get into shortly. Realizing that I’m short in my duties to Unwritten Passage , and that I’m also doing the absolute best I can, has caused me to come to terms with the reality of the position I’m in. This also means that the project’s backers deserve to know the whole picture, without sugar coating or spin. As I’ve alluded to in the past , my family has struggled with medical issues. However, what is only clear to those that are close to us, is that these problems have been far-reaching and long lasting. The past year (the year that I decided to go indie), has been particularly difficult in ways we never predicted. Although in many ways it would be easier to talk about by getting into specifics, I will have to leave it by simply saying that it has been hard, that a lot has been demanded of the entire family, that it has been getting harder each month, and that I have been failing to balance the load. Every person in life has a limited amount of themselves to give. I have been striking a compromise between a project that has had its own troubles, a family in crisis (that I oftentimes couldn’t or wouldn’t recognize), and the regular demands of supporting my wife and daughter on my own. I am tenacious and hardworking, and I have been creative in addressing the problems that I see. But I have my limits, and sometimes tenacity can become willful blindness and stubbornness. And those qualities don’t honor the trust that my wife, my daughter, my backers, and my contributors put in me. So here’s the situation right now, as simply as I can think to put it. We raised $75k (which became about $68k after various Kickstarter costs) to make a game in 6 months with the efforts of 3 people. At this stage we’re at the 9-10 month mark. I’ve stretched the budget hard, and for the last month and a half I’ve been doing contracting on the side to try and stay afloat and to give my family the stability to see the doctors we need in order to heal. To be blunt, this is not enough. It is not stable enough for my fragile personal life (due in part to how healthcare works in the U.S.). It is not enough to retain fulltime commitments from my contributors. And in the meantime, as I balance my roles between programmer, designer, writer, producer, contractor, husband, father, brother, and son, I am not doing a very good job. This is difficult for me to admit, as I have a reputation in the industry for taking risks and for following through on that ambition. But it turns out I have my limits (as everyone does), and I am at my limit right now. But even though this is a bitter pill to swallow, Unwritten Passage and its backers have been very important to me this past year. You all deserve my best effort, even when that means admitting difficult truths. So why did we fail to create a realistic budget and come in on time? I feel that I would need to write 3 full postmortems to address that question: one as an indie game developer, one as a small business owner, and one as a bit of flotsam swirling in the maelstrom of the U.S. health system. But in short two idioms apply: “hindsight is 20/20″, and “shit happens”. Although nobody was perfect in this process, I do feel that everybody did their best with the information we had. I am grateful to everyone that has helped us gather so much success so quickly, and despite it all I still feel lucky. I have learned a lot about myself and the people I love, and I want very much to be a better person moving forward. OK, now the big question: is the game canceled or what? I have been thinking hard about what is the right thing to do. The stupendous work already put forth in Julian’s music and Lee’s art still sets my imagination on fire. And I see people come to life all the time when I describe the concept to them. However, my experience also says that we have lost momentum, we’re out of money, and it’s now a one-man project centered around a fulltime game developer with family baggage that needs better health insurance. And I’ve worked in the past on wonderful projects with real promise that have been canceled, so I know what that looks like. Sometimes it still takes a lot of luck to make a game. But I’m not ready to completely call it quits and say that Unwritten Passage is dead forever. However, to say that the project as I pitched it is alive and well would be beyond naive. It would be dishonest. It lives on as my personal side project, something I hope to bring about on my own and through the help of talented friends when possible. And should it come to be I will do my best to deliver on my original promises… but I have to be honest. To many this is probably the end. To all that have helped me, my contributors, and my family embark on this experiment, I thank you. I don’t have the words to express my sincerity and my appreciation. I will be leaving up the websites and will continue to update the backer pages as news develops, so if you are interested in staying in touch with the project I’ll keep you up to date. Finally, we have of course been using the campaign funds to best make good on our promises. However, there is a small fund left for pursuing future art costs for the game. If you are a backer and feel that we have violated your trust in us, please contact Roxlou Games via Kickstarter and I will do my best to give you a refund. Thank you all. Joe Houston - Roxlou Games P.S. Anybody know any good jokes? Leave them in the comments to brighten this post up. Note: although most posts are written from the whole team’s perspective, once again the following post was written by Joe alone due to his personal connection to the events of the past month. Three years ago in October my daughter was born three months premature by emergency c-section. What relevance does this have to our ongoing project? Not long ago I would have thought, "not much"; however, this month our family was unexpectedly revisited by complications from that difficult time in our past. Although I can't go into specifics, not to worry: all involved are on the road to a full recovery, with special thanks going out to those that are in our wonderful support network of friends and family. It probably goes without saying that my attention was split mightily from the project, and obviously Unwritten Passage has yet again failed to meet the beta deadline we set out for it. A positive side effect of all this is that the past weeks have caused me to re-prioritize and re-evaluate, both in my personal life and on this project. The "easy" update to post here is "understandable delay, see you next month". However, although we certainly can't be held responsible for predicting a future of personal misfortunes, it's safe to say that three delays in a row (emergency or not) show that the project just isn't really in the "imminent release" phase. As a professional game developer on larger projects I've seen this kind of pattern before, usually in so called "crunch culture". How long have I worked overtime on a project with "just two weeks left"? Months in some cases. Deadlines move and move, but the end result is a game 6 months late that feels like it was cobbled together in, fittingly, two weeks. After taking an outside look at the project, I am more excited than ever to see Unwritten Passage realize its potential. I feel a responsibility to the project, not just because of our commitment to our backers, but also because of how so many people I talk to react to this game. This is why I've decided to make some changes to how we're developing the project, to ensure that we get where we need to go. Much of these changes are totally internal to the project (changing up some roles, finding creative ways to delegate work, etc). However, a big change is that I'm setting the beta release date as "to be determined", giving us the time to respond to unseen challenges as they show themselves. Essentially I'm slowing down the frantic pace we've been trying to maintain (and failing at amidst all the instability in indie life). Again, not to worry: the project is still focused and is as committed to completing as ever. There are many reasons to change our scheduling strategy, and making this decision involved taking a hard look at our current state in order to make some tough calls. Check out the rest of the update if you'd like a peek at the good and bad of where the project is at right now, but otherwise we'll see you all again next month for the usual dev update. The Good This last month, in an effort to get an objective look at the project, I brought a developer friend into the code-base to look around. A bit to my surprise, his initial reaction was glowing over the state of our tools and underlying technology. Outside opinions are so important in this way, since after so much work and compromise we tend to only see the things we have yet to do. Our decision to create our own technology has always centered around our commitment to give the tools away with the game, something that just wouldn't have been possible in the same way if we had used an "off the shelf" engine package. Looking back over what we have, it's very clear that our tools are going to add value not just for the mod community that we hope springs up around Unwritten Passage , but for budding game makers everywhere. For example: we have fully featured tools for rigging together complex 2D sprites and then animating them from start to finish. Since our game "component" files have a simple text format, any project that is capable of writing a text parser will have access to a game-ready animation tool that is essentially free. Tools and engine tech are just one aspect of the infrastructure needed when making a game, but Unwritten Passage is similarly strong in other places. Our game has a unique art style and quirky design, which makes those elements hard to figure out because of how "new" they are. However, at this stage we've arrived at designs for the various elements of the game and not just in concept. We've translated each visual component into actual game assets and have proved that we can deliver on what we saw in the concept art. Similarly our latest version of the game has all the elements in place in a skeletal form, we've identified all the cuts and changes that need making, and we can feel "the fun" inside the game. In this sense, Unwritten Passage truly is "about to be": the hardest work, constructing a solid foundation, is finally finished. The Bad Despite this strong position we're developing from, the project is also what I would consider unstable for the actual people working on it. I like to give credit to the successes of the project to Roxlou Games (the company), as it's a more convenient way to talk about the team, friends, and family that contribute so much in little ways that I couldn't possibly keep track of. However, from a practical perspective, Unwritten Passage is my baby. I fill literally dozens of roles on the project, and while I find success much of the time, being a bottleneck does come at a cost. When one aspect of the game or design is floundering I have to steal time from some other role. The biggest problem here has been in "production", i.e. my role in scheduling, assigning tasks, and following up with contributors. Because of months of minor personal catastrophe (for all the team members) the production schedule has been in ruins. This means that I've been creating new strategies and task lists every few days, trying to hit increasingly aggressive deadlines. And one cost is that when it comes time for me to design, write, and program the game (and in a schedule that is tight enough that I'm not afforded any mistakes) I find that I've spent most of my time and energy solving other people's problems. Why We're Slowing the Project Down to Speed it Up Because production bottleneck is our primary problem, there are a few ways to get the project where it needs to go. The most obvious is to delegate more: find some people to help lighten my load. Here is where we hit a problem related to the nature of indie game development: our budget really doesn't allow us to take on any help at a fair price beyond the few regular team members we have. Although we have friends that might contribute for little to zero compensation up front, that comes at the cost of long deadlines and inconsistent commitments (people squeezing in work between the stuff that pays their rent). The other possibility is to do what we've decided to do and make our time frame more open ended. Not only does this gives our production schedule time to absorb all the bumps in the road and stabilize, but it also allows us to take on those extra indie helpers that can't help us make a two week deadline, but might help us make a two month deadline. On a personal note, one of my major moral values in life is one of honesty, and I believe strongly in bringing that to my work as well. Looking at each project, gauging where I honestly believe it's at, and then reacting to the situation is something I find vitally important. Although this exposes the weaknesses in the project, it's this process that increases my confidence rather than diminishes it. I also think that this value is something I need to pass on to the backers, the people that are putting their faith in me and my team members. I'm often counseled by friends to hold more back in updates, but when in doubt I will still relay the realities of this crazy journey, deferring to my faith in all of you. You have to give trust in order to get it in return. I'm only sorry that it has to comes at the cost of long, boring-ass updates. Thanks as always, Joe (and Roxlou Games ) Earlier this month the Boston Globe chatted with Joe about the role that violent video games can play in addresses the issue of violence in society. The original interview (nearly two hours of conversation) has been edited into a few paragraphs targeted at a non-game literate audience, but it still makes a few interesting points. Oh and Unwritten Passage got a little name drop in there as well. This is the result. (May or may not be behind a subscription wall) Hey All, We have a bit of news that we've been waiting to break (another party has a deadline that we have to respect), but we just wanted to send out a quick update to let everyone know that we're still working on the game at "full-tilt" and that things are really starting to come together. We also wanted to let you all know that our beta deadline, originally slated for this month, is looking like it's going to slip to October. Since we announced the first slip in our schedule not that long ago , we've been bashful about moving the beta deadline. However, we have to be honest about the fact that we're just not there yet, and we feel that killing ourselves to reach an impossible deadline (and then not having enough fuel left to make it to the finish), would be a careless use of our backer's trust in us. That said, we do want you to know that despite the changes to our announcements, the game is still within our overall budget . As both creators and backers of this project, we're poised to make Unwritten Passage a success in all the ways we've been dreaming about, if anything more now than ever before. We do have exciting developments on the horizon, and we promise that we'll be sharing those just as soon as we can. In the meantime, thanks as always for your support, Roxlou Games Note: although most posts are written from the whole team's perspective, the following post was written by Joe alone due to his personal connection to the events of the past month. This, our usual monthly update, comes a bit later than usual. This is in part because the close of July was also the catalyst for a hailstorm of new beginnings, and we've been scrambling to keep our footing amid the chaos. Many of the "not so pleasant" surprises this month can be traced back to me, most notably a construction project in my apartment complex that slipped its target date and caused my whole family to spend weeks as yuppie nomads sheltering in a miniature shanty town of poorly labeled boxes. [Not shown: any semblance of sanity] This experience ultimately climaxed in the spectacular failure of our only car, which sounded and looked a bit like a jackhammer slamming into a Christmas tree of dire warning lights. Naturally this happened at a time when we were still paying off the tire blowout, a holdover from a simpler, bygone time. [My arch nemesis, and one hazard of many] The thing is, this kind of thing is typical in "the indie life". For every month that we've been working on this project, each of us could regale anyone that cared to listen with tales of life on the edge. Going out on your own away from a big employer is a harrying, life-changing experience, and there is this feeling sometimes that society proper is trying to smother you in tribulation like a white blood cell on a virus. Pretty much every day you stand over the wreckage of your prior, well-laid plans and ask yourself "well is this the end of everything now?" However, this also means that personal catastrophe is basically mundane, so as a team we tend not to bother people with it. But it does bear mentioning this month, because all this happened at the exact moment we decided that it was time to "crunch" and put in overtime to hit our deadlines in September and October. This is a pretty tough situation when you work exclusively out of a home office (now in ruins), and your budget is too slim to rent proper office space. As usual, we can thank the unending support of our friends and family for the solution that kept our momentum going. Today's salvation came in the form of a tiny, stand-alone guesthouse that was offered to us rent-free. With only a bit of work (and less than $100 of extra hardware) Lee and I were soon situated in what I can only describe as the most ideal work environment I could have hoped for. [Developing fashionable hunchbacks for the amusement of our fans] This also marks the first time that Lee and I have been able to work in the same room together, without the latency of email and video conference. So far results have been immediate and striking. This brings me again to a theme that I feel I keep hammering on, but that I just can't ignore: this is yet another case where our limitations (and what seems like calamity) end up producing a creative solution that is far better than anything that I would have planned for on my own. We see this all the time in the design of the game (and it continues to assert itself during crunch), but this was one of the first times it manifested so physically. Lately I've been watching "The Long Way Round" on Hulu, a reality show that chronicles Ewan McGregor and his best friend circumnavigating the globe on motorcycles. I felt a certain kinship to their progress across "The Road of Bones" in Siberia, when McGregor talks about being forced to overcome seemingly impassable obstacles. Seeing as how they're in the middle of Siberia, they approach each problem without the option of failure, asking only "how are we going to do this?" And because of this, they do so much more than they thought they could. [Looks familiar] That said, they also overturn a car in Mongolia and nearly lose the life of a crewman in a river crossing (it's a great show by the way), so there is a definite sense that we are strengthened by adversity but balance that against real limitations. You can do anything... or maybe you're gonna die. In a similar way I remain conflicted about the lessons that Unwritten Passage is teaching me as a developer. I hear often that you work best "with the wolf at the door", and certainly I see some aspect of that every single day. The creativity in economy is convincing me that this is the way to live your life. It's inspiring. At the same time, I do wish that the wolves at the door didn't also have knives and sub machine guns, and if we get a bigger budget next time I'm not giving it back. I will however be sure to always do more with less, and approach each obstacle by only asking "how will we do it this time?" Thanks, as always, for your support, Roxlou Games As game developers, we find that our Twitter feeds read like a news ticker for “what’s happening in women’s rights”. The game industry, not unlike an adolescent teenager riddled with acne, is going through a lot of changes and is gradually seeing girls in a new special way. Only instead of finding that the mousy tomboy Sandra from next door now makes his palms sweat and his knees tremble, the industry is discovering that women as creators and consumers might actually be a part of a multi-billion dollar entertainment market. Of course this comes with growing pains and embarrassing, involuntary emissions, as evidenced by the most recent brouhaha over transgender comments made by Gabe of Penny Arcade . What this also shows though, is that these early explorations of women and games are really a gateway to the larger issue: gender and games. Gender in our game, Unwritten Passage , has followed a similar path. We also started by focusing on the role of women in the game, with things really coming to a head this month as we began to scale up our designs for our shadow puppets. Technically we were finding representing men and women to be a challenge, because our “mix and match” approach to randomizing the puppet pieces still mostly limited us to putting male pieces on male characters and female pieces on female characters. It soon became apparent that by dividing the sexes we weren’t going to be able to fit the right number of pieces into memory. But we also just couldn’t have a story-telling world where women weren’t represented. As is so often the case with controversy, the Penny Arcade dust-up became a blessing, both to the community at large (because of the conversations it started), and to us and our shadow puppets. In Unwritten Passage the shadow puppets represent what the people in the clan use to talk about themselves in legendary fashion, meaning that not only are they allowed to diverge from the “real” people in the tribe, but they must diverge. This has been evident from our earliest concept work: make tiny nuclear families on the battlefield, but make epic, weird spirit creatures in the story realm. This is when the PA controversy brought a moment of clarity. We were wrong to focus on women and men in this case: often times men could prefer to tell stories of their identity with female avatars, and similarly women with male ones (as many MMO player rosters can attest to). This is classic story telling, and historically gender in story telling is hardly fixed. For example, representations of the Hindu God Shiva in ancient times routinely had both male and female elements. Careful, guided randomization is a big part of Unwritten Passage , but in gender we’ve been inspired to let go a little and give randomization freer reign. We now mix our male and female puppet pieces freely, redesigning them to represent epic, spirit guides that may have both male and female elements but still represent a cohesive whole. We’re also taking gender randomization a step further by randomizing the sex of each character in our narrative “story events”. For example, in the video for our successful Kickstarter we had a sample story event where the player’s tribe encounters a man with his son, starving for food. The player is given several options, including the chance to give the food, but only in exchange for the son as a slave (which the man agrees to). With the latest change whether you encounter a man and his daughter, a woman and her son, a woman and her daughter (etc), is completely random. So far the result has been fascinating as each scenario is changed radically based on the player’s own beliefs. Do they feel differently about a woman trading a male son for food than a man trading his daughter for example? It’s an interesting exploration, but one we’re not completely finished feeling out. As Joe mentioned in his RPS article on game violence , giving extra freedoms to the player doesn’t free us of our obligation to provide context to the outcomes. Since each decision has actual gameplay consequences we have more to decide. Do we make the world as gender blind as the algorithm that creates the story events, meaning that other tribes will weigh the life of a man and woman the same? Do we try to anticipate and mirror the preconceptions that many of our future players will have? Do we project our own sense of what we believe to be right and wrong? Regardless of where we eventually end up, we’re excited about this new direction. It feels like both our fictional and real worlds are opening up and getting a whole lot weirder (as an Austin based company we mean this in the best possible way ). The future is a fertile ground for story telling, conversation, and making games. Thanks, as always, for your support. Roxlou Games We've just posted our latest dev update to the website. Check it out! Note that due to Kickstarter's restrictions on content formatting (which was making writing updates way too time consuming) we've stopped duplicating the posts in the body of the updates here. However, we will always duplicate backer specific information in update posts to make sure everyone gets the information they need. We hope this compromise works the best for everyone, as it allows us to spend more time working on the game but still keeps everyone up to date. As the dev update on the website goes into, we are getting ready to start integrating faces into the game for all backers that chose the "People on the Horizon" reward. We've already done our own faces as a test, and we're pretty happy with the results. We're especially excited since our strategy allows backers to show up as rival clan leaders (a genuinely cool role), but doesn't degrade the experience for normal players. Having full, articulated faces for tribal leaders allows us to communicate a wide range of emotional feedback to the player in diplomacy mini-games. As such, we're getting great gameplay, interesting aesthetics, and a broad palette to re-imagine each face in the context of our world. Be sure to click through to read about the process. It has been an interesting journey. If you're a "People on the Horizon" backer keep an eye out for an email on how to send in your photo. As always, thank you all so much for your continued support! Roxlou Games April was a solid month for development of Unwritten Passage , introducing a new contributor to the project and loads of new progress. Check out the full development update over at our website ! Unwritten Passage: Dev Update April 2013 The end of March closes out the first month of production on Unwritten Passage , the weird procedural strategy game made possible by our many crowd-funding supporters. It's an exciting time, but also one of hard work. It was mainly a month of framework building, where we put down a foundation that will allow us to make rapid progress later on in the project. However, there were some points of rewarding exploration too, like when we started designing the third playable "story teller" (previously called "clan leaders"). She isn't ready to be shown just yet, but we're excited about how this character (one that leverages wind, kites, and the ability to change the very fabric of a story itself) will expand and diversify our roster of story tellers. But probably the most rewarding moment of the month came when we were able to hold the printed posters and screen prints in our hands and get them packaged up for our Kickstarter backers. We did all our printing locally, so Austin’s massive SXSW festival delayed getting our prints until the very end of the month. However, we feel the wait was worth it. The prints turned out stellar across the board, and as we were getting everything signed, tubed, and ready to ship, we were extremely proud. Although working on Unwritten Passage is rewarding in and of itself, this is the first time on this project that we get to see the cycle of creation through to the end. We had a concept, we iterated to create print designs, we made commitments to our backers, and we are now delivering them as a product. It’s a special feeling, and even though some of us have been doing this kind of thing for years, that feeling doesn’t really wear off. For those that are getting a physical reward like a poster or screen print, we’ll be dropping those in the mail in the coming week after the Easter rush. “Digital Poster” downloads will be going out by email before the weekend is out, and everyone that got a physical poster will also be getting a digital copy of the poster art. Note that as the screen prints are a limited run there will be no digital file for those. If you had a digital poster (either as an add-on or as part of your printed reward) be sure to contact us if you haven’t gotten your email by Monday, April 1st. “April Fools Day” jokes are punishable by death. A huge thanks to all our backers and to our families for their continued support. More to follow! Roxlou Games Hey All, We're coming to the end of our first week of full production, and it feels great! We'll keep you updated as we get stuff that's worth showing, but in the meantime we have a few bits of project news and business. Reward Surveys If you're a backer be sure to respond to the survey Kickstarter sent to you. We've gotten many responses, but there are also hundreds left untouched. The quicker we get all your information, the quicker you can get your rewards! That Which is now "Unwritten Passage" So the game is now called Unwritten Passage: That Which Happened . A big thanks to all our backers and new friends that helped make a stressful situation (the renaming of the game due to a trademark conflict) into a fun affair . Voting and discussion was lively, and we feel the new title is a good compromise. And special thanks goes to wonderboy2402 (as he or possibly she is known on our website) for first suggesting the title that eventually won. Poster/Screen Print Progress Once the naming issue was finally sorted, we were finally free to update the poster designs with the new title and get started on printing. Printers now have the files and we're expecting to get prints back within the next two weeks, at which point we'll be signing, shipping, and most likely drinking. Stay tuned for pictures then, but in the meantime... shipping tubes! Roxlou Games Thanks to the suggestions of a handful of helpful backers, we've finally put up many of the Kickstarter rewards from the campaign on our website . These are the same rewards and add-ons we offered during our campaign, minus a few we couldn't continue to maintain for logistical reasons. If you have friends that missed out on the campaign but still want to help, this is the place to do it. The money raised on the site goes directly to the development of the game, eventually garnering more platforms, localized languages, sound effects, music, and experimental features. A few Kickstarter backers have also asked if they can get new add-ons to their original rewards from the website, and yes this is the place to do that too. Check it out! Well that's it! Just a short update because it's the end of a long (but awesome) day and we're all totally drained. When we started talking about making Unwritten we knew we wanted to make a game for people that wanted something different. However, we underestimated how life-changing participating in a community of passionate and dedicated people would be. We are humbled to be given an opportunity to not only make this game, but also to collaborate with people that clearly care so much. We will follow up with more information on rewards and the like tomorrow, but in the meantime, let's keep this party going! Click here to follow us (Website RSS, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, etc). Forums will be coming soon at roxlougames.com , including a backers-only section. And stay tuned here at the Kickstarter for bimonthly developer updates on the progress of the game. Thank you all so much for your support, and we will talk again very soon. Roxlou Games We borrowed the title from a clever tweet by @kris_cov. Well "stole" more than "borrowed" because we won't be giving it back. We hit our funding goal! Thank you all so much for your support, whether you're a newcomer or a backer since the very beginning. This has been a long, hard-fought campaign, but it has absolutely been worth it. We couldn't have done it without you (obviously), but more than just because of your funding. It has been by talking with the community that Unwritten as a concept has truly been shaped and refined. We're more excited than ever to dive into this game and make it the best we possibly can! But the campaign is not quite over yet. We're going to continue live-tweeting our indie games marathon over at @RoxlouGames . In the meantime, take advantage of the final hours of the campaign to refine your pledge by adding add-ons . You might also take a look at our stretch goals . We also know that right now our stretch goals seem far away for just 5 hours of funding. So to sweeten the deal we're going to unlock one additional platform (version of the game) at $80,000 . It will be either a Mac or Linux version. How will we choose? We'll see which platform gets the most votes in the comments section of this update! Thanks once again everyone! As an added bonus, here's a video Joe's wife took of the big moment. Well, she thought she caught the big moment, but she actually only turned it on when she put the camera down afterwards. <url>"add-ons" so you can customize your pledge and get more cool stuff. You might also use the following links to help us spread the word as we approach the final 24 hours. Roxlou Games Twitter Roxlou Games Facebook Roxlou Games Google+ Update #9: Unwritten Profile Avatars Update #10: Unwritten Facebook Cover Image Update #17: More Unwritten Profile Avatars Also a reminder that the Roxlou Games team will be playing indie games from 10:00 am to midnight tomorrow and will be live tweeting ( @RoxlouGames ) the whole thing! We'll be taking requests for games to play and will be answering your questions on any topic. To request a game just leave a comment here or tweet it to us. Xbox Live Indie Games and PC only please, and games with free demos will help in case we don't already have them. Good, bad, relevant for Unwritten or just for fun: no game is off limits! Thank you all so much for your support! Not only would we not have gotten this far without your help, we also wouldn't have the clear vision of Unwritten that we have from talking about it with you all. Let's get this game made! By the time most of you will read this there will be fewer than 48 hours remaining in the campaign. Earlier today Joe recorded the video update found here, talking about where we've been and how far we've come. This video was shot in one take, from the heart, edited down to a length consumable by humans. Here are some of the links that Joe refers to in the video (and ways to spread the word about Unwritten). Note that further details on Tuesday's live event (if you watched the whole video you'll know what we mean) will follow before it starts this Tuesday (Feb 12th). Roxlou Games Twitter Roxlou Games Facebook Roxlou Games Google+ Rock, Paper, Shotgun Interview Update #13: New Art from Indie Games Artist Amanda Williams Update #9: Unwritten Profile Avatars Update #10: Unwritten Facebook Cover Image Update #17: More Unwritten Profile Avatars We're nearly done, in more ways than one! See you all at the finish line! At the time of this update we at just over 61% funding with over 1,200 backers. We have a scant 3 days to go, but this is a significant milestone for us. Kickstarter insiders say that passing 60% funding bodes well for a project, and that it's thanks to the effort and enthusiasm of the project's backers! For you budding Kickstarter statisticians, our next big milestone comes at 81%, or $60,750. At that point only 0.05% of projects with that much funding have failed. Feel free to check the stats for yourself . Thanks again for all your support. Weekends are typically slow on Kickstarter, but let's keep this momentum going so we can blow the doors off this thing on Monday! We'll see you all at 80%, 100%, and beyond! For those that have been following along, Unwritten has 3 days left to go and a final push is absolutely needed to get us to the finish line. With nearly 1,200 backers and 60% of our goal (and counting), this is something we can do! However, many of our backers are rightfully excited about the future beyond our goal, and they've been asking us what happens if we get more than asked for. We've been hesitant to put up our "stretch goals" (features we will add if we exceed our goal), but we have to admit: we're excited about the future too! We have great faith that our backers will help us make that final push, and we want to share our fondest, wildest hopes and dreams for the game. So as requested, here are Unwritten's stretch goals! And just a reminder, there will be no more pledges after Tuesday, February 12th at 11:51 pm (right before midnight). Unlocked at $100,000 - Mac and Linux Versions Just what it says, both the game and the tools for Mac and Linux. We want everyone able to play Unwritten , and to do so on their platform of choice. Unlocked at $125,000 - iPad Version The market for iOS games is tricky these days, but we want to make a tablet version of Unwritten simply because we think it will play great on the platform. Even if we don't sell a lot of copies, we just know that those that want to take Unwritten on the go will have an awesome version of it that just makes sense on the tablet. Note that we need extra money for this version because we only want to do it if we can re-design the game for a touch screen interface, making sure that it's the best-playing version of Unwritten it can be. Unlocked at $150,000 - Mod Community and Website We're already releasing the same tools we're using to make the game with every single downloaded copy. But we want to take this idea a step further and build a community website around posting, rating, and sharing the mods that you make for the game. This will add value for more than just those that want to mod the game: as a player you'll also have access to a whole host of free additional content, keeping our theme of "infinite variety" going on and on! Unlocked at $175,000 - The First Official Expansion, Chosen by You! While we're extremely invested in the unique world of Unwritten, we have many ideas that wouldn't fit in the game we're making now. From stranded Greek warriors making their way home (as in the Odyssey), to a modern exploration of assassins and mercenaries, we have many themes and places that didn't make the cut, but that we want to explore in official expansions to the game. And for the first expansion we want the backers to help us narrow down the field! If we hit this goal backers will be sent a poll to pick the theme, setting, and mechanics that will be found in the first official expansion. All backers (at any reward level that includes a copy of the game) will also get the expansion for free! Unlocked at $250,000 - Multiplayer We are often asked about multiplayer for Unwritten, and honestly it's something that fascinates us. We have talked about how cool seamless, asynchronous multiplayer (like that found in Dark Souls) would would be in the game. Maybe you encounter the ruins of another player's failed playthrough and can play back the last 5 story fragments they participated in. Maybe you can learn from their mistakes, or you might even scavenge from their memories. The possibilities seem endless. However, we also know that multiplayer is just way out of scope for our tiny budget. Extra money would make some of our "blue sky" features a reality, and would take Unwritten to a new, exciting level. At the backer's request we're doing "add-ons" related to Lee's poster designs. Now if you're already signed up to get a printed poster, you can add additional posters (with your choice between the two different designs) for a lower price. We're also allowing people to add-on high res/vector digital downloads of the poster art to any tier! Of course we don't want to devalue the printed posters that go out to our more generous backers, so we've decided to sweeten the deal for "The People in Print" reward. Now every printed poster you order will be hand signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene! Note that none of these add-ons apply to the design for the limited screen print, which will be screen printed, numbered, and signed by the whole dev team, at which point we won't print any more ever again! Here are all the add-ons to date: $15 -- Extra Printed Posters Requires the $100 tier "The People in Print" For every extra $15 add an additional printed poster (limit of 5 per person) Includes a high res/vector download of the poster art Your choice of poster design Each poster will be signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene $15 -- Digital Poster For every extra $15 add a digital download of the poster art Available at all tiers High res/vector download of the poster art, formatted for easy printing Your choice of poster design $10 -- The Digital Art Book Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the art book Includes all concept art for the game as well as developer anecdotes and facts about the process of finding the game's visual style Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Digital Strategy Guide Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the strategy guide Includes game strategies, secrets, and developer anecdotes and facts about the process of designing the game Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Soundtrack Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the soundtrack DRM free mp3 download $10 -- Extra Digital Copies of the Game: Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included And here's another look at the two poster designs: Design 1 -- Inspired by M.C. Escher's "tessellations", this design shows two sides of the perilous tundra with abstract style. Design 2 -- Detailing one imagining of the "real world" of Unwritten, this design is a great companion piece to the world of shadow puppets found in the limited screen print. Just a reminder: in order to add an add-on simply increase your pledge above the stated amount. So if you were pledged at the $15 tier and you decided you wanted an extra copy of the game and the soundtrack, you would add $10 for the extra game and $10 for the soundtrack, bringing your total pledge to $35. At the end of the campaign we will send you a poll asking you what add-ons you chose. We will then check your selections against your pledge and will make sure you get your rewards. Joe's Reddit AMA is going on right now! Come support him and get your questions heard! If you like the post, don't forget to "upvote" it and the questions you want answered. Check it out! By popular request, Joe will be doing an "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit tomorrow (February 7th) at 3pm PST. For those that are new to the project, Joe Houston is Roxlou Games ' founder and is the programmer and designer for Unwritten . He's best known as a former core member of the critically acclaimed game Dishonored , and for his published articles on Indie Gaming and Video Game Violence . Joe has also worked for Bioware and Midway and has worked on games of all genres and platforms . For those new to Reddit and the concept of an "AMA", it is an opportunity to put a person in the "hot seat" and ask them any kind of question at all. Reddit works on a system of "upvotes" and "downvotes" to help people find the best stuff, so when you come be sure to click the up arrow to "upvote" us! We hope to see everyone and their questions there. We will post again just before it gets underway. A few backers have asked about this, so we thought we'd take an informal poll. Who thinks it would be interesting to have one or more of us do an "Ask Me Anything" thread on Reddit? We're not all that well known, but some backers feel that there would be some public interest in Joe's work on Dishonored and his articles on video game violence. Let us know in the comments! Today showed a lot of progress toward our goal, and we're excited to see so many new backers join us. This is a great way to kick off our final week! Just a reminder that getting exposure is always our biggest challenge, so if you haven't yet re-shared the Kickstarter page in some way, it would be a big help if you took the time. For those that haven't yet seen them, we have some fun icons and profile banners for sharing information about Unwritten , and a bunch of ways to keep track of Unwritten news. Profile Avatars for Backers Facebook Cover Image for Backers Roxlou Games Website Roxlou Games Facebook Page (be sure to "like" us) Roxlou Games Google+ Page (+1, it's one better than none at all) @RoxlouGames on Twitter In addition, Lee created a brand new profile avatar to use here on Kickstarter or "abroad". While the first batch had a more serious tone, Lee thought it would be fun to riff a bit on Roxlou Games ' motto: "Made for Nerds" and do something a little silly. Enjoy, and (to our newcomers) welcome! There is a full interview about Unwritten over at Rock, Paper, Shotgun today. RPS is one of our favorite sites, so this is a real pleasure. There is a lot of info here that hasn't been discussed in prior interviews, so be sure to give it a look! Check it out here. Joe is over at “The Jace Hall Show” website today talking about Dishonored and Unwritten . Check it out here! "Gamer Cheese" has a follow up interview with Joe talking about Dishonored , the downfall of Sensory Sweep , and a bit about the origins of Unwritten . Check it out here. We've been told to expect a few more interviews and podcasts from other sources coming later this week. If you like what you read (or hear) be sure to show your appreciation by sharing these links around! The most requested updated we're asked for is by far an update on how the final in-game art will look. This is something that we really want to get right, so we didn't rush into new concept pieces right away. We knew that we wanted something other-worldly, but at the same time it had to be grounded enough to represent the "real world" of Unwritten. Once we realized these were the ideals that were important to us, we knew that we wanted our next concept piece done by Amanda Williams. Amanda was the environment artist for the marvelous indie games Spider and Waking Mars , both of which exemplify alien worlds that still feel real. We're pleased to say that Amanda agreed to work with us, and we're happy with the results. For reference, here's the screen before her work: and here it is after: There is still work to be done, but this shows the direction things are moving. The little people at the feet of the large shadow puppets are the actual units controlled by the player, and in future iterations these will be in full color to match the rest of the real world. We're still looking to find the right places to inject living color into the scene (as in the purple fruit on the trees seen here), and we're finding the right balance of surreal elements and "real" elements. One feature we're experimenting with still is that of brightly colored kites flown by the units on the field, but those will have to wait for future revisions. We'd like the thank Amanda for bringing her experience to the project and for giving us a fresh new perspective. This is a solid start for what promises to be a weird, yet beautiful direction. Today Joe is on “DJ Grandpa’s Crib” , a smart podcast about creative people trying to realize their dreams. He talks about Dishonored and Unwritten , plus he dips a toe in the violence in video games debate Check it out! It’s a great show and the whole thing is worth a listen, but if you want to skip to Joe’s segment it’s at 11:04. Due to an unfortunate intersection of events, our musician Julian has spent the entirety of our Kickstarter campaign held hostage in Singapore. However, based on the backdrop of the video he just sent our way, it looks like it's not all bad. On the other hand, the lighting of the video taken with his iPad makes him look like an anonymous whistle-blower on a nightly news exposé. Ominous indeed. The video quality not withstanding, Julian has some insight into his process when creating music for the strange, exotic beast that is Unwritten. Once you're done watching a fuzzy, Julian-shaped silhouette tell you about the music, why not listen to a whole track of the music for yourself? You just might find it attached to this update. Based on feedback from our backers we've also now added an Unwritten "cover image" for you to use on your Facebook profile. Note that Kickstarter limits the size of images in updates, so be sure to click this link for the full size image . And don't forget to check out our other profile avatars right here . In other news, Joe and Lee were over at games site Gamer Cheese the other day to talk about Unwritten . You can check out the interview right here . Today we're halfway through our campaign, and one of our biggest accomplishments has been attracting backers that are as committed to the project as we are. We want to continue using your passion and dedication to spread the word about Unwritten, which is why we've created this special "avatar" to use as your profile icon. Use it here on Kickstarter, or anywhere you want to start conversations about the project. We've included several sizes, although be sure to leave a comment if you find that none of these work for you. Getting exposure remains our biggest challenge, and we've learned a few things the hard way. One thing we didn't anticipate is how long it would take a smaller site or podcast to publish an interview or article. This is one reason we've had trouble getting the word out during the second week. However, we have several bits of press we expect to see soon (and new updates on the way), so we're excited about Unwritten's prospects. In the meantime, keep doing what you're doing. Tweet, share, and otherwise tell people about the project. And tell us your ideas in the comments too. The profile avatar released today comes at the suggestion of backers like you, so we absolutely read all feedback and respond as best we can. Unwritten looks set to pass 30% of our goal very soon, which is a big accomplishment for both the project and for all our supportive backers. Kickstarter itself talks about 30% funding being a crucial tipping point for a project , especially if that is reached before halfway through the campaign. We're hitting that with plenty of time to spare, and we couldn't have done it without everybody that has gone above and beyond to help us get the word out about the game! That said, getting much needed exposure is still our single biggest challenge. Thankfully, having involved and passionate backers is one of our biggest strengths! If you read a game site or blog, please be sure to contact them directly and ask to see Unwritten featured there. You may also pass along our email address (<email>) for interview requests. We have already talked to a few sites and are waiting for these to go to press, but the more chances we get to talk about the game the more we can help to get others excited about Unwritten 's potential! Now for a few points of housekeeping. Lee has created an alternate design for the print poster, inspired by M.C. Escher's "tessellations". It has a cool, abstract quality and is definitely worth a look. Note that we've also dropped the tier price for the printed poster to make it a bit more accessible to people. We still have an update on the game's visual style coming, but it's taking us a few days longer than we expected to get all our contributors together on it. If, thanks to your tireless efforts, we are able to reach our funding goal, challenges like that will be a thing of the past! Responding to feedback from yesterday we've decided to add the digital art book, soundtrack, and digital strategy guides as separate add-ons. This allows backers to get exactly what they want, which we agree is good mojo all around. Note that all three of these items are already included in all the tiers from $70 and up, so there is no need to add them if you've already pledged at that level. The previous add-on (extra digital downloads) is included below so the list is complete. Just a reminder: in order to add an add-on simply increase your pledge above the stated amount. So if you were pledged at the $15 tier and you decided you wanted an extra copy of the game and the soundtrack, you would add $10 for the extra game and $10 for the soundtrack, bringing your total pledge to $35. At the end of the campaign we will send you a poll asking you what add-ons you chose. We will then check your selections against your pledge and will make sure you get your rewards. $10 -- The Digital Art Book Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the art book Includes all concept art for the game as well as developer anecdotes and facts about the process of finding the game's visual style Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Digital Strategy Guide Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the strategy guide Includes game strategies, secrets, and developer anecdotes and facts about the process of designing the game Formatted as a pdf for easy printing $10 -- The Soundtrack Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the soundtrack DRM free mp3 download $10 -- Extra Digital Copies of the Game: Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included Thanks as always for your support! As our first week of funding draws to a close we've seen great things happen for the campaign. We've had some great press, and we're already at 26% of our goal with over 400 backers. This is very strong, and we owe that to our passionate and involved supporters! One point of feedback we keep getting is the request for "add-on" rewards. For those that don't know, add-ons are mini-rewards that you can get by increasing your contribution above the tier you've chosen. At the end of funding we'll then send you a poll, asking which add-ons you've selected, and those will then be added to the rewards you're entitled to. We're now offering our first (and most requested) add-on: additional digital downloads of the game for friends or family. Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included If you have questions about the add-on process, leave a comment below. Feel free to post suggestions for other kinds of add-ons you'd like to see as well. Thanks! A challenge we've found when talking about Unwritten is that it’s difficult to talk about any single element of the game without talking about everything at once. One of the game’s strengths is that the various gameplay mechanics are woven tightly together, and although individual elements are simple, it is their relationship to each other that really creates the magic. This is why we've decided to post this rather exhaustive gameplay update. We want to give our current and future backers a chance to really see what makes the game so interesting. A lot of the depth and many of the details have been omitted to keep from spoiling all sense of mystery, but hopefully this mock game manual also lays enough bare to show why Unwritten has us so excited. Overview In Unwritten your goal is to cross the tundra so that at least one member of your nomadic clan can reach “God Mountain”. Each clan starts with the following: At least one “hunter and gatherer” unit Some quantity of “roxlous” (a llama like animal that acts as currency in the game) Some quantity of “food” At least one “story fragment”, representing the preexisting history of the people You then progress by playing through a series of zones, laid out on a grid of hexagonal tiles. In each zone the goal is to guide all your units from the starting point to the map exit. At this point you will be presented with a map of your current route, and will be given the choice of which way to go next. Gameplay is turn based, with all of your units getting to move during your turn. The game is over if all of your units die, and the game is completed if any of your units manage to talk to the God that lives in the Mountain. Units Units represent a small band of people from your clan with a similar job. They may be hunters and gathers, warriors, shamans, or simply refugees. They are the lifeblood of the clan, and it is only by getting them to “God Mountain” that you can finish the game. In Unwritten units have a few base stats and any number of abilities that may completely change the nature of the game. It is similar to a collectible card game like Magic the Gathering in this sense, in that the simple rules that serve as a framework may be overridden by any particular unit, creating a huge sense of variety. For example, all units are affected by “hunger”, which must be managed in order to keep a unit alive and happy (see “Managing Units”). However, a unit might have an ability that allows them to spend a point of health in order to pay the hunger costs for all units for 10 turns, thereby completely changing the pace and consequences for a limited time. In Unwritten unit special abilities and stats are created randomly, so it is highly unlikely to ever see two units that are alike. Some example unit stats: Hunger Health Strength Movement Vision Managing Units All units have a “hunger” stat, and it must be satisfied to keep order on the tundra. This is done by either paying the unit from the clan’s food store, or by maintaining enough “hunter and gatherer” units, which reduce the hunger costs for the clan and allow a certain number of units to be kept “for free”. Hunter and gatherers are fast, good at exploring, and weak in combat, meaning that it’s essential to find a good balance between them and other units. If a unit can’t be fed they will defect away from the clan. For weak units this simply means that they will starve to death (although there may be more indirect consequences as well -- see “Story Fragments”). Stronger units will become hostile, and will attack your remaining units before starving a few turns later. If a unit is going to be a burden they can be dismissed at any time. However, if this is done out in the wild (meaning they aren't on a “safe” tile like a friendly village), this is the same as running out of food. They will starve without your support, and attack you if they can. In Unwritten you will be getting new units constantly and (because of the dangers of your journey) will just as easily lose them. It is vital to keep a steady stream of units with all their varied powers and abilities coming. However, you must plan carefully lest you end up with a balance of units that becomes a burden and eventually turns on you, ensuring your failure. This balance is found by managing your “Storm Queue”, and maintaining relationships with other clans out in the wild. The Storm Queue At various times in the game you’ll be given the chance to recruit a new unit, usually through diplomacy with other clan leaders (see “Story Bouts”). When this happens you’ll get to review the stats and special abilities of one or more units and decide whether you want them to join you. If you choose to take the unit it won’t be yours to command immediately. It will instead be listed in your “Storm Queue”, and will then leave to prepare for the journey. On the tundra every so many turns a “Quick Storm” will roll in, obscuring everything in mist and lightning. During this time one of the units that previously pledged fealty to your clan will join you under the cover of the storm. Whether you’re ready or not, you must deploy the top unit from your storm queue, and place them near one of your existing units. Your storm queue can be rearranged to your liking, but only when at “safe” tiles like villages, and you cannot delay the arrival of a unit. In this way managing your storm queue and anticipating the next storm is a big part of the strategy of Unwritten. For example, since your queue is visible at all times you may see that a big unit with a high hunger cost is coming and that you cannot currently support it. Before the next storm you might take bigger risks with weaker units, getting them killed off before your strong unit drops in. If something goes wrong, you might also make sure to leave one unit near a “safe” tile, in order to drop the strong unit there so that it can be safely dismissed. For those that play tabletop games or collectible card games, Unwritten has an interesting ebb and flow that may feel familiar. It is a bit like constructing a deck or army and then executing the resulting strategy, except in Unwritten you’re doing both at the same time. Story Fragments A story fragment is the result of a critical decision your clan made. For example, each time your clan participates in a “story event” (a tile that fires off an interactive tableau told out with shadow puppets), the decision you make there converts to a token you take with you, indicating what you decided to do. For example, you may have met an old man alone on the tundra and gave him aid, or maybe you took him as a slave, or maybe you let him die. Your story fragment indicates this choice on a token and with a full text description of what happened. Story fragments may also be given to you for other actions. Should you let many of your units starve in the wild as part of your strategy, that would become a fragment that you carry with you. Note that all fragments have both positive and negative qualities on the tundra. In this case letting your units starve might be considered strong or intimidating when recounting the tale to some of the other clan leaders (see “Story Bouts”), to others it would be a sign of weak leadership. Story Bouts Because the tundra is a place of scarcity, trade and diplomacy with the residents of the wild is vital. Other clans can be found in villages along the way, and it is through their help that you will receive food, roxlous, and above all reinforcements. Diplomacy is done via a “story bout”, which represents the two clan leaders joining together to share the stories of their respective people. A story bout makes use of the story fragments you’ve collected. When a bout begins the most “notorious” fragments from your clan’s history are brought into a list. The notoriety of a fragment refers to how important other residents of the tundra might think that story would be. Killing a wolf doesn’t warrant much notice. Stealing another clan’s livestock would be a bigger event. You must then arrange these fragments into a branching tree, which always starts with your most notorious fragment. As you tell your story to the rival leader you will get a reaction back, indicating whether the leader is intimidated, encouraged, disgusted, etc. You then choose which branch of the story tree to take next, ultimately trying to gain access to the rival clan’s resources through friendship or intimidation. Because story bouts control the player’s access to new units (an irreplaceable resource), the decisions you make on the tundra directly affect your ability to survive. You may decide to make a wide variety of decisions so that you can later create a balanced story tree, versatile enough to convince a range of leaders, or you may make the same kind of decisions repeatedly, choosing to strongly ally yourself with one kind of leader. However, there is a catch to only thinking about how you will be thought of by rival clans. Your destination is “God Mountain, a place of judgement”. By what criteria will you be judged once you reach your goal? Will the God of the tundra look favorably on the decisions you made to survive, or will you be measured by a different scale? And Now We Want to Hear From You So you read this whole update and didn't find the answer to a burning question? Please ask it in the comments. We’ll either answer it there or follow up with another update. We also love suggestions and hearing about your “sky’s the limit” wishes. A big part of running this Kickstarter is so we can talk with you, so we’re here and we’re listening! In a follow-up to his article on game violence for Rock, Paper, Shotgun , Joe is talking about the role of violence within Unwritten over at his blog . Oh and somehow the topic of Little Red Riding Hood comes up. Check it out! A big thanks to our backers for their continued feedback. We have some really dedicated people who are using their excitement for the project to make things better, and their efforts are causing real changes here. First off, we got some feedback that we should have a website, Facebook page, etc. Since we already have those things it turns out that they were in the wrong spot on the page. That's been fixed, and here they are again in case you missed them: Website Facebook Page (be sure to "like" us) Twitter Google+ (+1 is one better than none at all) Second, it looks like there has been some confusion about how final our art is for the game, especially regarding the screenshots of the hex grid gameplay. Although these screens show the scale of the world and some of the gameplay elements, the art assets themselves are placeholder, meaning they are just roughs for concept and will be replaced as we continue to explore the look and feel of Unwritten . Apparently there are some that mistook these scenes as final art and have been concerned. We've changed some of the language in the project to help communicate that the art is temporary, and we'll also be following up with an update that shows an art style that we feel will be more representative of the final product. Lastly, a lot of people want more detail about how the game is played, moment to moment. We're also working on an in-depth update to talk about this. We're working hard to make this and the art update as polished as possible, so these will most likely be posted early next week. However, we're pushing hard and may get them done sooner, so stay tuned. Thanks again to everyone that's been out there posting about the project on forums and sending their feedback. Along that line, feel free to tell us in the comments what more you'd like to learn about Unwritten . We're investigating other feedback regarding Kickstarter reward addons and the like and will address those in a future update. Yesterday was a strong opening day and today surges on. We've seen posts about Unwritten on the front page of PCgamer.com , Polygon , and others, but we still need help getting the word out there! Your tweets, re-tweets, Facebook shares, and word of mouth recommendations are a huge help so keep them coming. Even better, if you know of a site that might be interested in the project but hasn't yet featured us, let us know in the comments and let them know through their public email address. It's a great start. Now let's keep this party going! Thanks to everyone that made our first day of funding a success! We raised 9% of our funding goal in a single day, meaning that we're well on our way to making sure this exotic, interesting game gets made. We want to especially thank those that gave us feedback and suggestions. One of our motivations in making an indie game has been that we want to talk more closely with the people that play our games and better learn how to bring them something special. So along that vein, we've addressed the biggest request from the first day: more rewards at lower tiers. We've added $25 and $50 tiers, and by request we've given access to the art book and soundtrack on their own for people that aren't ready to go for the $70 "digital special edition". Check the bottom of this update for more details, or just read about them in the rewards list directly on the project page. Remember that you can adjust your pledge at any time and choose a new reward. And please, if there is something you'd like to see from us don't hesitate to let us know . This is especially true if you're not a backer yet. Help us convince you! Thanks once again, and stay tuned for more updates. Joe