Variable Vachen watchfaces Selecting Vachen watchface Demo Application Demo Chronograph Watchface Demo Tourbillon Watchface Demo Incoming Call Notification Demo Email Notification Demo SMS Notification Demo Here are some of the watchfaces that we give as default. What do you think about these watchfaces? This videos show the functions of the Vachen smartwatch and the communication with the phone. We developed the hardware, the smartwatch apps, and the phone apps separately. Now we are combining both the testing and tuning of the Vachen smartwatch. As of now, everything is going smoothly but we cannot predict the unexpected. We expect that the delivery date will be the end of Nov or early Dec. Won Rhee This video shows the system apps working. This video shows how the authoring tool works. The watch face is the photo you take and you can add the hands and the index of the watch face using authoring tool. This video shows the push function which make several watch faces in your phone push to the smartwatch. This video shows to manage the smartwatch status in the phone. This video shows the basic setup functions. This video shows the shortcuts of system apps with sliding up and down on the screen in normal watchface mode. This video shows selecting the watchface on the smartwatch. Here is the world time application video update for Vachen smartwatch. Here is the time application video update for Vachen smartwatch. Here is the pedometer application video update for Vachen smartwatch. Here is the moondate application video update for Vachen smartwatch. Here is the calendar application video update for the Vachen Smartwatch. Here is the video of the Vachen Smartwatch watchfaces. Here are the application images update for the Vachen Smartwatch. Here are some progress pictures. We are now debugging our VACHEN smartwatch system for Android. The PP4 board has been loaded with Android 2.3 Gingerbread, and we are currently testing functions to make sure everything runs smoothly. We will load VACHEN Smartwatch system on this board, and we estimate debugging process to last about 2 weeks. To be honest, we had an issue with board production. The outsourcing company we had used for PP3 board could no longer work with us. We had outsourced the board to save us time, but it ended up costing us more time, with a lot of time wasted. For this PP4 board, we developed the board in-house. Because of this, the production of PP4 board took more time than expected, and we spent additional funds that could be better spent elsewhere. But that's all in the past. Now the PP4 board has been successfully produced, we will load our system on the board, and run the apps we've been testing on the emulator. From this point on, we can proceed with VACHEN Smartwatch system, platform, web, and watchface development according to our planned schedule. We would like to thank our backers who stood by us patiently, and we continue to strive for most complete VACHEN Smartwatch to ship to our backers. Won Rhee Here are the PP4 board pictures. We sincerely apologize for not providing timely updates to our backers. We are working on following projects concurrently, and our resources are short: development and production of smartwatch movement, production of watch cases, system tuning, development of watch faces, development of apps, development of app store, development of basic watch face design application, and development of SDK. We can update you our current progress as follows: We are at 70% with hardware (movement + case) development. We have completed main-board, and we're now working on the case. To make a water resistant case, the movement and the case needs to match exactly. Especially important is lining up buttons and switches on the case. This so called "high precision" hardware work takes about 40 days to complete. For the system software, we are currently working on tuning Gingerbread version of Android. As we finish stabilizing system software, we are developing launcher and system app. We are currently at about 60% with the system, and need about 30 more days to complete it. For the watchface, we are preparing 3 chronograph watches, 1 digital watch, 1 precision watch, and over 20 base watches, and need about 20 more days to complete. For smartwatch apps, we are developing 9 apps, estimated to be about 60% completed, and need 30 more days to complete. For the watchface store and app store, we've completed about 50% of the work. The authoring tool (application to create a basic watch face design) is about 70% completed. We are getting the authoring tool to work on the website or a smartphone. Our home page is about 80% completed. We will next work on putting together homepage, store, and authoring tool, so they can all work together. Working on multiple projects all at once has put strain on our resources, and we have fallen behind our estimated completion dates. We are truly sorry about this delay. The new delivery dates, reflecting current estimated completion stated above, will be October for the first delivery, and November for the 2nd delivery. The actual cost of development and production has been much more than we had estimated. One of the reasons for delay has been raising additional funds needed to complete the project. We have now secured funding to produce and ship our products, so we do not foresee any funding related delays. We at VACHEN are working hard to provide best product possible to our backers. Thank you again for your patience and continued support. The Aluminium Case Vachen smart watches for men have been updated as below. The new, more stylish design has a rounder look when seen from the side. There are no design updates to Metal and Titanium cases. We would like to thank everyone for your interest and support for our funding project. As of today, VACHEN Smartwatch is a Kickstarter funding success!!! The funding process was more difficult than we had anticipated, but we're so thrilled that it worked out. It was a small step, but an important one for our small company, and we believe it will fuel our future growth. We will keep the promises we have made to our backers, and we will improve on areas that was shown to be lacking within our company. We will continue to update our progress, and keep the communication channels open to our backers. Again, thank you all so much for your support. Thanks Won Rhee Kickstarter has informed us that our recent Update for ‘Extra one Option’ breached their policy not allowing multiple quantity rewards. We will respect and comply with Kickstarter’s policies. We think it is important basis for many future projects to be successful through Kickstarter to keep and to comply with Kickstarter’s criteria. As a result, we will not be able to offer this Extra one Option. It means we can offer only the original options that provide one single watch per reward. We now ask all backers who have chosen to add an extra one pledge to re-evaluate your pledge with considering this. We would like to thank constant support and interest that all of you showed us about this Extra option. Thanks Won Rhee We decide to make an Extra one Option to get the kickstarter goal. If you want to get extra VACHEN smartwatch, please add following amount to your existing pledge. All extra VACHEN samrtwatchs are provided at a discounted price. Thanks. Existing Pledge Pledge $169 (Black Square Aluminum case for Men) Pledge $179 (Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men) Pledge $184 (Silver Square Aluminum case for Men) Pledge $219 (Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystals for Women) Pledge $259 (Gray Circle Titanium case with Men) Extra one Option Add $132 to get the extra Black Square Aluminum case for Men (Pledge $169) Add $141 to get the extra Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men (Pledge $179) Add $147 to get the extra Silver Square Aluminum case for Men (Pledge $184) Add $180 to get the extra Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystal for Women (Pledge $219) Add $224 to get the extra Gray Circle Titanium case with Men (Pledge $259) You can add one of Extra one Option to the existing pledge to get an extra VACHEN smartwatch. Here is table Black Square aluminum case for Men (pledge $169) - Existing Pledge + Black Square Aluminum case for Men ($132) = $301 (Estimated delivery: Jul 2013) + Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men ($141) = $310 (Estimated delivery: Jul 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case for Men ($147) = $316 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystal for Women ($180) = $349 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Gray Circle Titanium case with Men ($224) = $393 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men (Pledge $179)- Existing Pledge + Black Square Aluminum case for Men ($132) = $311 (Estimated delivery: Jul 2013) + Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men ($141) = $320 (Estimated delivery: Jul 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case for Men ($147) = $326 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystal for Women ($180) = $359 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Gray Circle Titanium case with Men ($224) = $403 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) Silver Square Aluminum case for Men (Pledge $184) - Existing Pledge + Black Square Aluminum case for Men ($132) = $316 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men ($141) = $325 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case for Men ($147) = $331 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystal for Women ($180) = $364 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Gray Circle Titanium case with Men ($224) = $408 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystals for Women (Pledge $219) - Existing Pledge + Black Square Aluminum case for Men ($132) = $351 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men ($141) = $360 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case for Men ($147) = $366 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystal for Women ($180) = $399 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Gray Circle Titanium case with Men ($224) = $443 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) Gray Circle Titanium case with Men (Pledge $259) - Existing Pledge + Black Square Aluminum case for Men ($132) = $391 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Dark Brown Square Metal case for Men ($141) = $400 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case for Men ($147) = $406 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Silver Square Aluminum case with Swarovski crystal for Women ($180) = $439 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) + Gray Circle Titanium case with Men ($224) = $483 (Estimated delivery: Aug 2013) We will make sure your Extra one Option in the survey after we get a successful funding. Free shipping US and outside the US. Thanks The sample we can use for video is the one we had on display at BaselWorld. After that sample was made, we have been working on optimizing Android OS on board level. As soon as we have a new sample with latest OS and apps running, we will post a video. This video shows changing light (lighting effect watchface) of our VACHEN smartwatch with movement (from moving your wrist). Also, it shows same watchface in day and night settings, as they change according to time. This is still a prototype. This feature will be applied to new sophisticated designs that will be coming out soon. Our VACHEN smartwatch was made to detect even the slightest movement, and we are tirelessly working towards incorporating these movements into corresponding changes in watch faces. <url>’s fashion. We are focusing on this fashion aspect of a watch, to complete the look for any occasion. The tastes in fashion vary greatly from one individual to another. We are striving to provide watch faces that could suit various tastes of people for every occasion. This variety could be seen not only in our watch faces, but also in watch designs and even watch straps. With VACHEN Smartwatch’s many options, it is easy to create new looks and styles on the go. With different watch dials, straps, and watch cases, it would be like having a wardrobe full of watches that could feel new each time you wear it. On top being a fashion accessory, the VACHEN Smartwatch also has smart functions. It can manage incoming calls, SMS messages, emails, calendar alerts, emergency calls, smart TV, smart phones, as well as having full suite of watch functions like alarm, stopwatch, timer, compass, moon data, tide graph, etc… It can also serve as loss prevention tool for your smart phone, since you are alerted when the VACHEN Smartwatch and smart phone are separated beyond a certain distance. To reach the full potential for VACHEN Smartwatch, we will be opening the VACHEN App Store. You will be able to download different watch face designs, as well as creating your own design, using the simple-to-use tool we provide. The new design you create can be uploaded to VACHEN App Store to share with friends, or sell to others. Through VACHEN App Store, you will also be able to create your own apps to use on your Smartwatch. In the future, we will be able to take bulk orders with custom features like GPS, larger storage and others. We are currently trying to take a small step with Kickstarter. But we are certain we will be making a large impact in both the regular watch market and the Smartwatch market. Please join us by making a pledge as we take this initial step, and become a part of the evolution of watches as we move towards the future. Thanks Won Rhee BaselWord 2013 Schedule and Location: April 25, 2013 – May 2, 2013 at Basel, Switzerland. Purpose: Launch, publicize, and win contract for VACHEN smartwatch and Smart Movement. 1. Summary of Participation Displayed eight different models of VACHEN smartwatch samples; exposed the products with pictures and videos through the digital signage on Smart TV; consult the potential buyers and interest visitors with leaflet. Being the only one with digital signage among the participating enterprises in the HALL 4.0, VACHEN successfully and effectively attracted visitors. During eight days at the Basel World, 40 different countries, 170 perspective buyers (excluding spectators), and 150 business enterprises have visited the VACHEN booth. VACHEN has successfully received pre-order from 47 business enterprises upon the release of VACHEN smartwatch products in July. The pre-order amount is $1,053,938 in USD. While VACHECN was attending Basel World 2013, VACHEN concurrently processed the crowd funding through Kickstarter.com , crowd funding site in U.S 2. Contents A. Achievements 1) Product promotion and response Changing the watchface function is intuitively understood by the buyers. The buyers can accept the VACHEN smartwatch as a watch product without the constraint of complicated instructions of smart devices. There was great interest in VACHEN smartwatch even though the smartwatch is not widely recognized by the watch makers and buyers. The prepared digital signage was most effective in drawing the interest from the passer-by watch buyers. The product image and repeated video quickly brought the interested buyers to product consultation. Since the Basel World 2013 was the watch exhibition, the buyers were more interested in the watchface and the design of the watch rather than the functionality of the smartwatch. Buyers were eager to buy the samples. It was regretful that the product is still under development and nothing is for sale at the moment. Buyers demonstrated high interest in the number and the variety of watchface in addition to the fact that the watchface is changeable. The companies that design or manufacture the watch requested to supply the movement or OEM production. Upon the release of final product, further discussions will follow. 2) Supplemental request request for circular watch design: release in September request for longer battery life, 4 to 6 days instead of current battery usage is about 2 days: Due to technical difficulties, it will possibly be released next year. request for operation under water in addition to the simple water resistant: Change in re-charging method is necessary. It is possible to be implemented next year. request for better unit price: Current sample prices are anywhere between $220 and $280. Upon the official release of the product, the factory price will be lower due to mass production. request for watch loaded with tide graph for professional surfers: Tide graph will be added as an application at the time of mass production. B. Enterprises Interested in Partnership Swatch Group (Switzerland) – Interested in smartwatch, watchface, and smart movement. Swatch Group ETA (Switzerland) – Interested in smart movement and/or OEM. Citizen (Japan) – Interested in smartwatch and smart movement. BURG (Netherland) – Interested in collaboration with smartwatch company either with VACHEN or our competitors, which manufactures in Hong Kong. BURG is interested in joint-venture with VACHEN technology. TIMEX Group (Germany) – Interested in smartwatch, smart movement, and OEM. Nobel Watch (U.S.) – Interested in smartwatch, smart movement, and elevated the quality of the product in mass production. UniqueTime (Germany) – Interested in distribution of fashion smartwatch and smart movement. a.b.art (Switzerland) – Interested in distribution of fashion smartwatch. ILG (Sweden) – Interested in fashion smartwatch and brand. Storm (England) – Interested in fashion smartwatch and Brand. ToyWatch, TheMMWatch (Italy) – Interested in fashion smartwatch, smart movement, and business partnership in mass production. ELYSEE (Germany) – Interested in smartwatch and smart movement. C. Follow-up Request official order from the consulting buyers. July : Produce the mass-produced sample in July July : Produce and deliver Kickstarter addition in July. July : At the time of production of the sample and deliverance of the Kickstarter addition, supply 100 watchface and open VACHEN app store. August : Official release of mass produced model and open for order. August : Consult with sales enterprises for VACHEN app store in August. September : Release circular smartwatch products in September. September : Consult and supply the sample and movement to businesses in September. October : Showcase VACHEN at local watch stores in Hong Kong, U.S., and Europe in October. October: Consult with businesses for OEM production in October. December : Secure 1,000 watchfaces (50% free, 50% fee) at the VACHEN app store by December D. General Review Debut at Basel World 2013VACHEN was a great success because of the excellent product smartwatch and well prepared promotion with digital signage. Small distributors considered the smartwatch as useful showcase product at retail stores. Other distributors agreed that the smartwatch is significant product in the watch industry. Consequently they were very sensitive to the price. Especially the watch manufacturers and brand companies were extremely interested in OEM, ODM production, brand partnership, and smart movement. Furthermore, VACHEN carefully explored possible business affiliations with many companies that own watchface design. Great many special people have visited VACHEN’s humble booth in the corner: ETA from Swatch Group that produces most movement in the world, the Swatch Group that is world’s best watch seller, TIMEX which is influential in the world’s fashion watch market, CEO of competitor who wanted partnership, and the founder of ToyWatch who is world famous watch designer. Some of them were deeply impressed and paid visit for three days. VACHEN has tremendous potential. What is out in the market is only the tip of iceberg. VACHEN plans to show the smartwatch’s watchface with advanced 3D graphics and animation technique that were fostered by Korea’s gaming industry. Not only make the hardware device, VACHEN will make new distribution market with unprecedented contents never seen in existing watches or in smart phone. The sales of the watch movement and distribution of watchface authoring tool will create a sensation. It is confirmed in Basel World 2013 that manufacturing watch must meet highest standard in completeness and artistry. There are wonderful watch products resulted from many years of painstaking labor and progression. Revolving around China and Hong Kong, the watch parts business and its related business are sprawling and flourishing. To surpass all the competitors, old and new, VACHEN has exclusive contents and market strategy. Conceivably, VACHEN can make technical partnership with competitors. The possibility was proven at the Basel World 2013. This is only the beginning. Zodiac Solar System Digital Here are some of the watchstraps that will be available! We release new VACHEN smartwatch watch face. Chronograph watchface Tourbillon watchface Skeleton watchface