Greetings euro coffee fans! Since I know that many of you are long-time fans of designer T.C. Petty III, I wanted to send a quick update to let you know that we recently launched a Kickstarter for two new games by T.C. that have both elements of what you love about VivaJava - euro gameplay and positive social interaction! Club Zen is a relaxing worker placement game where the goal is to plan out your seven-day working vacation in the most Zen way possible. You'll make new friends, attend exciting events, and better manage your everyday stress through meditation, exercise, or even napping! Don't Get Eated is a social game of survival of the fittest. Players take on the role of really cute animals who have escaped the farm and have to work together and against each other to survive in the wilds. If you'd like more information about these two awesome games, check out the T.C. Petty Experience campaign page ! Thanks for your support! All the best, Chris PS - My apologies to those of you who backed VivaJava Dice and are receiving two similar updates this morning. I just wanted to make sure we got in touch with as many T.C. fans as possible! Hello coffee lovers! We're sending out this update to let you all know that we're back with a fresh new blend for VivaJava - we're ecstatic to introduce you all to VivaJava: The Coffee Game: The Dice Game ! VivaJava Dice has been developed by designer TC Petty III as a quick-playing, Euro-style, dice rolling game for 2 to 4 players. It has some familiar mechanics as the bigger game you've all come to know and love - namely that crucial choice whether to Blend or Research. The game description from the Kickstarter page says it best: "Players must now use the dice in their pool to Blend – using the beans to create a best-seller for quick points, then deciding whether to press their luck in subsequent rounds for bigger points but fewer dice as the blends degrade – or to Research, which involves using their valuable beans to gain an ever-changing variety of dice-manipulating abilities, new ways to score, and paths that lead to aiding a competitor for a later payoff or hindering that competitor for immediate gratification. VivaJava Dice also offers a unique system of cooperative dice-rolling that can help you rise to the top, but at the price of someone else riding your coattails." If you'd like to Get Caffeinated all over again, please check out the VivaJava Dice Kickstarter page and let us know if you have any questions! Thanks, as always, for your continued support! Plus, a Brewple update! In the last update, we expressed concern about being able to fulfill the remaining custom Brewple orders. After talking directly with those backers - all of whom have been incredibly patient and supportive - we're happy to say that we tracked down alternate components and all the Brewples are now finished! Those select few on our list who are waiting for Brewples and/or Coffee To Go orders should be seeing them soon as we'll start shipping them out this week. Thanks again for your understanding and patience. You're all wonderful to us. All the best, Chris &amp; Cherilyn Hello Java Lovers! Many of you have checked in recently with tales of VivaJavas on doorsteps and even a few hitting the table, and we are beyond thrilled! Hopefully those of you who have not yet received your copy of the game will have it in hand soon. Now, for those of you still waiting on delivery, and those of you who are still waiting to get VivaJava to your game table, we wanted to make sure you had an excellent primer to get you started on all the caffeinated goodness. That's why we created a short orientation film to acquaint you with all the basics of VivaJava . For those experienced Brewmasters out there, this film will make an excellent orientation piece for new players to get them up to speed. <url>"This game was fantastic and I know that it will make the table many times. It plays quickly for the number of players. The gameplay flows really well. It is simple enough that it doesn't take a rocket scientist to teach it or understand it. Yet, the strategy is deep enough for a rocket scientist to enjoy it!" It was great to meet many of you at GenCon, and we hope to continue to meet many of you at conventions in the future. Make plans for Origins 2013 and come out to challenge us both for the title of Ultimate Brewmaster! Finally, we leave you with a quick mention that we currently have another project up on Kickstarter that some of you may enjoy - The Great Heartland Hauling Co . We've seen quite a few of you in the backer list, and we greatly appreciate the support. Heartland is a great, light game that can make for a perfect diversion between games of VivaJava , so check it out and let us know what you think! We'll be back soon with news on the ship - until then, happy gaming and stay caffeinated! All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello everyone! It's been a few weeks since our last big update, and we have a couple of pieces of news that may be of interest. First off, we've received word from our manufacturer that they have wrapped up production on VivaJava and hope to have the games packed up and at the port in China by the end of the week. What does that mean for distribution? Well, unfortunately, it means a little bit more waiting. Right now it seems that the games are around two weeks behind schedule for our estimated delivery. We may still make our August delivery estimate, but it's probably safer to say that it will be an early September delivery for the bulk of games. It's an unfortunate - and all-too-common - fact of the modern board game publishing business that games of this size, with this many components, will face delays. Trust us when we say that we are no happier than all of you are to hear this. We want our coffee just like all of you! But, all things considered, the delay could be far worse, so we're grateful that we'll soon be delivering games that stand up to the quality that we, and you, demand. We'll be sure to keep you all updated as the games hit the open seas, so look for more frequent updates in the coming weeks! Our second bit of news concerns those of you who pledged for Coffee To Go - you know, the awesome VivaJava totes and mugs that were offered during the campaign. If any of you who pledged for the Coffee To Go packages are going to be at the World Boardgaming Championships in Lancaster, PA from Aug. 2-5 and would like to pick up their excellent swag in person, please contact Cherilyn at <email> and we'll arrange to have it there for you. And for any of you who are going to be at the WBC during that time, please come by and say hello to us in open gaming! We'll have pre-production copies of VivaJava for you to check out, as well as copies of our next Kickstarter games The Great Heartland Hauling Co., Take the Bait , and Compounded . We'd love to meet you and play some games with you! Thanks, as always, for your continued support and unwavering patience. We're in the home stretch - and we can't wait for all you to Get Caffeinated! All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello everyone, It has been a few weeks since our last big update, but wow do we have a lot to share! First of all, as many of you know we had a booth at Origins Game Fair in Columbus, Ohio on the first weekend of June. In preparation for that convention, we asked our printer if it would be possible to rush us four advanced copies of VivaJava to display and to use for open demos for interested gamers. Thankfully, they delivered - and they were beautiful! We have a whole smattering of pictures below to show you a couple of exciting things from Origins , and a special step-by-step unboxing of VivaJava so you can see all the components just as you'll all receive them in a couple of months. This was our home away from home at Origins - the Dice Hate Me Games booth! We had a wonderful time meeting many of you face to face, and making new friends over the four days of the convention. Each demo slot of VivaJava was completely filled at Origins, and TC was a madman - Here he was running two full demo games at once! And now, onto the unboxing! And what a beautiful box it is - hefty, with a beautiful matte finish and great hand feel. What you'll see when you open the box - minus the bags and wooden beans and bits. The gameboards turned out great, and the image reproduction is excellent. Here's a shot of the "tooth" on the World Map board. Each board - and the punchboard - are all linen embossed. The Flavor Cards and Featured Blend cards! All the Intern cards, and the player reference cards, up top. The rulebook - don't let its size intimidate you! You probably won't even need to read it. See? Everything's all pretty in there. Nothing to worry about. (The paper quality, by the way, is fantastic. It actually feels a bit thicker than what we requested, but that's because it has a matte finish - the glossy finish on many rulebooks typically weakens the paper a bit). The bulk of the box - the wonderful punchboards. Again, the image reproduction is really fantastic. Here's a bit of the tooth on the punchboards. A shot of the back of one of the Blend Slate punchboards. There was a bit of image stretching on a couple of these, but our printer has since isolated the problem. We only had time to receive one bag with our preproduction copies, but we're really happy with the quality. The thick cotton canvas has a nice feel. The beans! The beans have been the largest effort of the pre-production phase, but we definitely wanted to take the time to get them right. We weren't happy with the brown and reds of the first batch (too grey and purple), so our manufacturer went back for a second batch. As you can see, the colors were better, but the values were far too close together. So, we ordered a third batch, and they turned out great. The red is a bit more vibrant in person than in these pictures and far more close to the red tones on the punchboard and game board. The rest of the wooden bits - the Player Pawns and Score Markers. And that about wraps it up for all the pre-production steps. Now we wait for all the VivaJavas to roll off the presses and get stocked on the boat! According to our manufacturer's timeline, we're still right on schedule for August delivery. We will definitely keep you up to date as soon as we receive word that the games are making their way stateside, and even more updates as they get closer to heading out to all of you! Again, thanks as always for your enthusiasm and support. And for those of you who we got a chance to meet at Origins, it was wonderful to see you! If any of you are going to be at the World Boardgaming Championships in Lancaster, PA around the first of August, look for us in open gaming. We'll have a copy of VivaJava with us for you to check out! We'll now leave you with a special little video that Compounded designer Darrell Louder put together for us of footage from Origins . It shows some reactions of TC Petty III as he got to open the fully-produced version of the game he's worked on for over three years. And it also shows us being um... really special (don't ask - it's about wild West Virginian pomeranians). All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello all! We're back - and, wow, do we have a lot to show you! Last week we received a package from our printer with all the hard proofs for VivaJava. Basically, the hard proofs set includes several printouts and sets of all the cards, punchboard, box art, rules and such so that we can evaluate the fold lines, cut lines, art placement, text, and final materials for the game. What the hard proofs set also signifies in production is that we're one step away from the game being actually printed - which is always exciting! Some of you are familiar with hard proofs and the production process, but for those who are not, we thought it would be cool to show you some pictures of the massive amounts of paper and printouts and describe a little bit about the purpose of each piece of the sets. This is everything that came in our care package. We believe that our printer had to kill an entire tree just for the VivaJava proofs. These are the two box proofs, side by side. The box proof on the left is part of the redline (sometimes called "blueline") set, which features a low-resolution print of the box art wrapped around the box to show the fold lines and art placement. The box proof on the right is part of the "blanks" - unprinted samples of the material from which the box (and other components) will be made. These are the redline proofs. They are printed quickly in low resolution and mounted to punchboard (or collated and stapled in the case of the rules) to show how everything will fit - and look - in the box. They also show red guides which indicate where the die punch mold will punch through the board. You can see some of those red guides in the closeup picture at the bottom (and get a sneak peek at what the punchboard will look like fresh out of the box!). Redline cards usually come in large sheets like this one for quick proofing. This shows the Interns and Reference Cards (fronts and backs). This is the set of "blanks." These are used to show the exact paper type, texture and size of all printed components in the box. Although these may seem redundant if the redline proofs are sent, they are actually very handy in making sure you haven't goofed up on a size or material specification. In fact, after realizing that the punchboards were all linen-finished, we decided to upgrade the game board paper to linen finish, as well, for consistency and that classic Euro look and feel. And, finally, these are a small sampling of the full-color proofs. These are printed in full resolution on high quality photo stock. These allow us to check out the art quality, see if we are on the right track for color matching and, most importantly, see if we've made a mistake anywhere. After scouring the proofs for any sign of a mistake, we're happy to report that there was only one in the rulebook - an old bit of art for one of the Roaster bags that had not been replaced. That's since been fixed, and the printer is ready to start rolling VivaJavas off the line! Speaking of rulebooks, before we wrap up this enormous update, we wanted to let you all know that the final rulebook is now available for download at: <url>"what about the beans and bags?" Very astute! Those samples are being shipped to us this week for proofing, so we'll be sure to update you with some pics of those once we have them in hand! We hope you are all as excited as we are to see this progress on VivaJava, especially since we're still very much on track for our projected August release. We'll be back with more on production very soon! All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello all! It's been a few weeks since our last update, but that doesn't mean we've been slacking - far from it, actually! The past few weeks have been the center of a whirlwind of activity here at Dice Hate Me Games. We've been busy designing, formatting, painting, editing, double-checking, triple-checking, and travelling to spread the gaming love. In our first bit of news, all files have been submitted to the printer and they're hard at work getting them set for pre-press. If all goes well, we should have hard proofs to inspect within the next three weeks, and we'll be sure to post an update with pictures to show all of you! In the meantime, though, here's a mock-up of the VivaJava box. We'll create a mock-up of the box back to show all of you in the next few days, as well. It looks pretty nifty, if we do say so ourselves. In addition to getting all the game files ready for the press, Cherilyn has also been hard at work, creating a massive Brewple army! Here's a picture from a couple of weeks back: The number of Brewples has grown so large that we've had to start packaging them in their little baggies for shipping out with the games. We wanted to keep them all out for group pictures, but we were running out of room on the dining room table! We'll definitely keep you all updated as the horde amasses; we'll soon be filling up an entire burlap coffee bag with 'em. Last week, we were lucky enough to travel to PAX East and work the Game Salute booth, promoting both Carnival and VivaJava, as well as several other games from small publishers. It was a lot of hard work, but we had a wonderful time meeting friends, fans and hobby enthusiasts, and playing games with them! We managed to fit in about 10 demos of VivaJava, including two epic 7+ player affairs. Below is a picture from one of those 7-player games; everyone had a great time! PAX was a blast, but we're just getting started with the conventions. We'll have our own booth at Origins Game Fair , so if you're going to be there be sure to stop by, say hello, and check out VivaJava! We'll be back before too long with more updates on the production process, so stay tuned. And thanks, as always, for everyone's continued support - you've all made this a wonderful experience and we can't wait for all of you to play VivaJava! All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Our friendly, neighborhood UPS guy knocked on the door today with a special delivery - naked Brewples! 29 pounds of them, to be exact. There is certainly something oddly satisfying about unboxing that much wood, even if the insane thought of customizing all 1500 of the little guys has begun to sink in. Time for Cherilyn to loosen up those fingers! We'll be back soon with more updates on game production and a few progress shots of the Brewples as the hordes of them begin to grow! Cheers, Chris &amp; Cherilyn $56,052. Absolutely incredible. 771 of you have made this one unbelievable journey - a journey that we could not have imagined possible without the wonderful opportunity afforded by Kickstarter and the generous gamers that hold such love for unique creations like VivaJava. There are no possible words that can express our thanks, so we will simply let VivaJava speak for us and deliver a wonderful gaming experience to all of you, true believers. Now hold tight - pretty soon you'll all be overly-caffeinated and sipping the Rainbow! With humble gratitude and love for all you awesome people, Cherilyn, T.C. &amp; Chris With a little over 24 hours left in the campaign, it's time to unveil our fourth and final Geekspansion Blend Slate - Cafe La Brea! With two black beans and a yellow, this Blend Slate is the most powerful of all the Geekspansion Slates, making it a wild variant to add to your games. Speaking of wild, we teased at the beginning of the campaign that the Geekspansion would include four Geek-theme appropriate Country Tokens to match the Slates. As a small sample of what we mean, the Cafe La Brea Country Token is as wild as the Slate it's based on - when a player chooses this particular Token they immediately flip the Token in the air. If the Token lands face up, the player gets a positive reward: +2 Research Points! If it lands face down, however, the player must take a -2 RP penalty. Just like when your research leads to messing around with Mother Nature, the results can often be a tad unpredictable. We hope you've all enjoyed the unveiling of the Geekspansion, and thanks to all of you who have added it to your pledge. We're excited that so many of you will be able to add these special Slates and Tokens to your advanced games of VivaJava - and we can't wait to play with them, either! Here's to a fantastic final 24 hours! Cherilyn &amp; Chris You did it! You guys are amazing, and we knew you could do it. Now everyone can enjoy the Featured Blends in each box of VivaJava. At this point, some of you are probably wondering "what's next?" Well, to be completely honest, we've hit a bit of a ceiling. It's difficult to add anything more to the game because we've reached our limit for both creative additions (without upsetting the balance of the game) and also in regards to production costs. We definitely want to reward everyone for each dollar above the last stretch goal, but the only way we know to do that is with some digital goodies - and a little something special. So, everyone who pledges for a copy of VivaJava will not only receive an awesome game, the burlap Bean Bag, a hand-crafted, random Brewple, Roaster Coins and Featured Blend Cards, and some cool digital downloads like music and wallpapers, they will also be privy to backers-only updates on the next prototypes being developed by T.C. Petty III, as well as Cherilyn &amp; Chris at Dice Hate Me Games. You'll all know the details of cool upcoming projects before anyone else - membership has its privileges! What's really super swell about all the incredible support is that you all have catapulted us into the #11 spot for all-time funded board games on Kickstarter, and we're only a few hundred dollars away from #10. This is incredible. Can we reach #9, at just around $51.4K? Can we reach #8 at $56K? No matter what, everyone who has helped make VivaJava a reality should be proud of the effort and realize that you are all a part of something very special. Thank you and we love you all! Cherilyn &amp; Chris. Hello everyone! We wanted our next stretch goal to be an enticing variant that we could put in every box of VivaJava, and so we've returned to an earlier design idea for inspiration. We'd like to introduce the Featured Blend Cards! If we can reach $47,500 we can add these 8 cards to the game as an advanced variant. Each card will feature a Blend that the heads of VivaJava CoffeeCo. would like the company to push on the Best-Seller List. When a team or teams create the Featured Blend in a round, they will receive the extra Performance Points noted on the Featured Blend Card. That card will then be discarded and a new Featured Blend will be drawn. We're really excited at the prospect of adding this variant for everyone to add to their advanced games of VivaJava! Thanks again for your incredible enthusiasm as we head into the home stretch of the campaign! Cherilyn &amp; Chris Well, that was fast! You all blew the roof off $40,000 and proved we have the most awesome backers on Kickstarter. :) So, many of you have already been eagerly asking what's next and we plan to answer that call! We just arrived at PrezCon and are setting up for demos, so we will be back later tonight with full details on the $45K goal. Hang tight! If any of you are attending PrezCon, be sure to stop by, say hello and get in the game. Thanks again to all of you for making this an amazing campaign, and it's not even over yet! Cherilyn &amp; Chris Due to several requests, we have decided to offer a reward level for the entire set of 8 unique brewples - BREWPLES SET &amp; INTERNATIONAL BREWPLES SET! You can add the appropriate dollar amount to your pledge and we will clarify your orders in the survey we send out at the end of the campaign. Now, let us take a moment to introduce the cast of characters: L. Lou, DeeLo, Ralph Ellis, Mr. Capp, Monkey, Dice, Soupman, Jo The Brewple Set will be shipped directly from Dice Hate Me Games HQ, separately from the VivaJava game. This leads to another question we would like to address. A few of you have asked whether the random stretch goal brewple you all will be getting can be "unrandom" for a price. Because of the sheer volume of brewples that need to go out, these will be shipped by Game Salute with your VivaJava games. Asking Game Salute to sort through hundreds of brewples and match them with particular backers would be time-consuming for them and cost-prohibitive for us. We hope you understand, and just think...you have a 1/8 of a chance in getting the one that you want! Not bad odds :) Thanks for the wonderful enthusiasm as we head in to the home stretch! Cherilyn &amp; Chris. So, earlier today we passed the $35,000 milestone, and now there's another to reach - $40K! We promised more details about that particular stretch goal, and we aim to please. If we reach $40K, we will be adding an additional punchboard to VivaJava. This allows us to provide a few extra things: 1) Roaster Purge Tokens These 8 tokens - 1 in each player color - will be used as part of the learning variant (and can also be used as part of the regular game if your gaming group demands it). Once per game, at the end of the Popular Opinion phase, any player may turn in their token to remove all beans from their personal Roaster and place them back into The Fields. Players get no points or any special actions for doing so, but this allows anyone to get a fresh start with their bean mix in case they've gotten bean-happy and grabbed everything in sight. This variant will be especially useful when introducing new players to the game - it can help them to get back into the game and remain competitive if their Roaster has gotten "dirty." These will be the same size as the Blend/Research Coins and the Country Tokens - so in other words, they're gonna be big! 2) Extra Blend Slates We will be adding three extra Blend Slates to give your games of VivaJava even more World-hopping, bean-collecting, coffee-brewing variety! 3) Placeholder Slate Some of you may have noticed some symbols on the "Stale" section of the Best-Seller List on the Performance Track board in the rules. These symbols indicate that the "Stale" portion of the List should not typically be used in a 3- to 5-player game to keep scores tight. This special Placeholder Slate with a unique design can be used as a reminder that no Blend Slates can be placed in that fifth "Stale" slot during those games. _____________________________________________________ We've got a little over a week left in the campaign to reach this next milestone, so be sure to spread the VivaJava love to your friends, family, teachers, coworkers, baristas and anyone else that you can think of who loves caffeinated gaming. For those of you with some free thumbs, a BoardGameGeek account and the wherewithal, you can help out VivaJava by boosting this image to the front page: Click here to check out and thumbify the image! We'll be back soon with some more Blend Slate art to show off (and a chance to help out on BGG, too) and the last Geekspansion teaser - Café La Brea! Thanks again for all your support! All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Woohoo! You all did it! We just passed $35,000 in pledges and that means Brewples! From here on out (as long as we stay above $35,000), a random hand-crafted Brewple will be delivered with each copy of VivaJava that is pre-ordered. So if you order 8 copies, you can get all 8! ;) Thank you all so much for your generosity and support. We'll be back later tonight with more details on the $40,000 stretch goal - onward and upward! Behold - rules ! Yes, the long wait is finally over, now all of you can sit back with a fine cup of Joe (or two - it's 16 pages) and check out all the magic inside VivaJava . Please make sure to read our Note from The Management on the cover of the rulebook before diving inside; it will explain the state of the rulebook and why it's version 0.8. Here's the link for the PDF download (it's a fairly big file, so please be patient). And now, sleep. At least for a couple of hours - we've got an awesome game to get ready for the printer! Happy reading, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello everybody! Just a quick update today. The newest Geekspansion promo Blend Slate art is complete and ready to show off, and it's pretty special. Here with a few comments about the Slate is Chris: Since we dreamed up the Geekspansion, I knew I wanted to pay tribute to one of my favorite genres, H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos. I'm particularly pleased with how this Blend Slate art turned out, from the chaotic tendrils to how the green bean forms a very sinister eye. Now, some Lovecraftian freaks like myself might take notice of the name "Whateley" and immediately question my sanity - I know that the Whateley family only has a very loose affiliation with the Ancient One that waits dreaming to devour us all, but both dread Cthulhu and The Dunwich Horror hold a special place in my geeky heart, so I couldn't resist. Besides, the name "Whateley" just sounds too much like a veteran brewmaster to pass up. We hope you enjoy the third Geekspansion promo. We'll be back next week with the final Blend Slate. But in the meantime... tomorrow night brings RULES! That's right, we're wrapping up the pre-release rules for everyone to check out, and we'll be sure to update you all when they're ready. All the best Cherilyn &amp; Chris Brewples Inspired by the core members of the VivaJava development team, we'd like to introduce you to the 35k stretch goal reward...Brewples! For every backed copy of VivaJava ordered, you will receive one random selection of these personalities - personally hand-crafted by Cherilyn (check out the video below to see her in action!) - to be used as the token for the Brewmaster in your game. Interns Meet Aiden. He's one of the many interns you'll find inside every copy of VivaJava. These handy, but often inept, helpers make it possible for 3 and 4 players to enjoy the rich flavor of the VivaJava experience. We wanted to show you an example of the card so you can see the inspiration for the Brewmasters. THE Brewmaster In honor of TC Petty, III, we have introduced a new reward level dedicated to all of his hard work. Check out THE BREWMASTER listing! For more information about Good 'Ol Punchin' Planes, here's a look at the Boardgame Geek page . Caffeine Boost Thinking ahead - and with high hopes! - we have already set in motion a stretch goal reward for if we reach 40k. If we achieve the milestone, we'll be able to up the production of the game and include more Blend Slates, extra tokens, and Roaster Coins that introduce a variant for the Regular (introductory) version of the game. So, cross your fingers and help to spread the buzz about VivaJava! With utmost gratitude and lots of excitement, Cherilyn &amp; Chris. Wooooooooooooooohoooooooooooooooooo! You all helped us see this wonderful image on our computer screens earlier today: And for that, we are excited to share with you our next stretch goal reward. But you'll have to be patient for a couple of days while we make them. Yep. You heard right. Cherilyn will be hand-making samples of what you will all be receiving if VivaJava makes it to the $35k mark. So, we'll be back soon...with friends. :) Cherilyn &amp; Chris. Oh happy day! This was a very special Wednesday for us at Dice Hate Me Games as VivaJava was chosen as the Kickstarter Project of the Day, resulting in a huge surge in pledges. So... welcome newcomers, and thanks for pledging! We're not that far away from the first stretch goal at $25K, so let's continue to share VivaJava in every possible way. We have some really cool things in store for the next reward tiers! We're also talking about adding some unique and fun pledge tiers this weekend, as well - so be sure to stay tuned for all the news on goodies. Take care, and happy bump day! Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello to our magnificent backers! In the last update, we mentioned that there would be a live video of a VivaJava game session featuring designer T.C. Petty III before the Super Bowl. Well, the session was a success and several backers, as well as the coffee curious, joined us for a game filled with both in-game and end-game surprises. For those of you who missed out on the festivities and would like to see the vida in the VivaJava for yourselves, the video is available on demand - get the link here on Cartrunk Entertainment , as well as a written session report from the viewpoint of John Moller, the "Rainbow Killer" himself. In other VivaJava news, if any of you plan to attend PrezCon in Charlottesville, Va. on Feb. 24-26, you can check out VivaJava live and in person! Designer T.C. Petty III and Chris from Dice Hate Me Games will be on hand Friday, Saturday and Sunday to demo the prototype of VivaJava , answer questions and just have a weekend full of gaming comradery. For more information on PrezCon, check out the official site. And, finally, a few of you have been asking about the official rules for VivaJava and all we can say is hang tight! Chris is hard at work putting the finishing touches on a public pre-press rules set that should be ready for release within the next week. Stay tuned - we'll be sure to send an update when they're ready for download. Thanks again for all your support of VivaJava ! All the best, Cherilyn &amp; Chris Looking for something fun to do today before the Big Game? Then join in on another Big Game - see VivaJava live! The guys at Cartrunk Entertainment are presenting a live streaming event at 4 p.m. Eastern and designer T.C. Petty III will be there to provide pre-game insights, in-game commentary and more than likely a good coffee throwdown. Anyone who is interested in checking out the event should head on over to Cartrunk Entertainment and read all about it. While you're there, you can also check out some other VivaJava -related goodies, such as the official VivaJava radio ad (a little homage to Super Bowl commercials) and a downloadable PDF of our grassroots marketing poster which you can use to help push us past the first funding goal - and, with any luck, onto many others! Happy Gaming! Cherilyn &amp; Chris Hello Wonderful Backers! We promised that we'd be back with some news about special extras for when we reach our funding milestones. And here we are! You can see the art that we reference in the video at the end of the update. So be sure to check that out for all the details! And be sure to stay tuned to see what other special gifts we may have percolating in our heads. Thanks for your support and get ready for VivaJava! Cherilyn &amp; Chris. p.s. Also sneak a peek on the project homepage at the latest addition to the Geekspansion cards - Lord of the Beans: One Brew to Rule Them All. Thanks to all of you, VivaJava is now 100% - wait a minute - 101% funded! Amazing - and you made it happen in six days. We continue to have the best backers on Kickstarter! Now that we're over the funding goal, it's time to start talking about some extras once we reach more milestones. We have a few things in mind, so we'll be back a little bit later with more details. For now, just know how incredibly grateful we are - you've made another of our and, most importantly, TC's dreams come true. Plus, you'll all get to play one very special game! All the best, Chris &amp; Cherilyn Hello Java lovers! It has been an unbelievable start of the campaign here at Dice Hate Me Games and we continue to be blown away by the generosity and enthusiasm of our Kickstarter backers. You all generated over 75% of our funding goal in just a little over three days! It's true, take a look: A huge thank you to all of our Kickstarter backers for believing in VivaJava . Thank you to our friends and family, the always-exuberant community on BoardGameGeek , our wonderful Carnival backers, and the staff at Kickstarter - we made the staff picks list in the first 12 hours! Because of all of you, VivaJava has been buzzing all over the place. We hope you'll all continue to spread the good word to anyone else you think may be intrigued by this special game. We're not going to jinx ourselves by saying that we'll make the funding goal, but if we do, we may just have some special extras brewing for everyone when we reach some new milestones. Some of you have been asking about the rules and we're working with T.C. now to finalize some tweaks and get them formatted. We should have a pre-release version ready in the next couple of weeks, and we'll let all of you know when it's uploaded to dicehatemegames.com . We'll be back soon with more updates, some sneak peeks at new art and maybe just a hello here and there to remind you all how awesome you are. All the best, Chris &amp; Cherilyn