... to all the backers! Obviously this project would not be where it is without your support. Now that the project has ended, the real work begins! It will take a while for Amazon to process all the transactions - I will then be able to use the funds to 1) take care of accrued expenses thus far 2) gear up and plan for future expenses. We have received the first PCB prototypes last week - power supply is working great, our engineer is happy with it, he is now working on the audio side. We have also put in place NDAs and are in the middle of obtaining quotes from manufacturers and various component vendors (speaker, battery, misc hardware). Also waiting for packaging quotations. Cheers! Hern PS - We are also trying to acquire all older gen iDevices for testing with the WALdok - which is required by Apple if we want to claim compatibility with those models. So if you have any older gens laying around, please feel free to donate! (They can be sent back to you after testing if you wish). We're looking for iPod classics (1, 2, 3, 5 ,6), iPod nano (2, 4, 5), iPod touch (1, 3, 4), and iPhone (3GS). Hi everybody - What an exciting 24 hours! We went from 11% funded at this time yesterday morning to 62% today - thanks to all. I'm VERY excited by your excitement for the WALdok. And the feedback has been great! I have also had a lot of request for: investment opportunities, manufacturing, marketing and PR, employment/internships, etc, and even just individuals volunteering to help in any way... and tremendous support from friends and colleagues (I'm going on 7 hours of sleep in the last 48 hours... but no complaints!). I also want to thank those who backed the project with amounts way above the minimum required for the reward level - it shows you really do believe in this project and want it to become a reality as much as I do - so a big THANK YOU. Preliminary concepts for interchangeable international plug adapters have been completed. These will service UK, EU, and AU outlets (these adapters will be sold separately from WALdok.com). And don't worry, the US plugs will still have the flip/retractable feature. As for the battery, we're trying to source a lithium-ion that will allow 6 hours (shooting for 12) of play time so you can use the WALdok on your desk top or anywhere else as a portable speaker. (No, the internal battery won't charge your iDevice) Other that that, I'm currently still working on tweaking and perfecting the design in CAD, component sourcing, and PCB design is being kicked off next week... (This is on top of two client meetings and a medical hand-held device project I got pulled into and will be serving as a "ronin" on... busy next week!) Today I'll be shopping for a baby gift (any ideas?) and driving up to Wakefield, Massachusetts to visit a good lighting designer friend of mine who just had a newborn baby (Yea Kinley!) - Hope you all enjoy your weekend! Thanks for your support and keep spreading the word! Hern Hi everybody - Attached is a "concept" of what we are trying to accomplish (again bowing to the overwhelming demand!). We'll add on the ability to swap adapter slides for international customers as well as jet setting Americans! This is a tremendous added cost to the original product we set out to design: - much more design and engineering - additional prototyping - additional mold tooling costs - additional regulatory compliance ($$$!) 1) Received lots of general positive feedback and... OVERWHELMING feedback on expanding the use of the WALdok to the iPhone and other iPods. So......... 2) Our engineers and I have been working around the clock to redesign the WALdok to accommodate this request - we researched other models forms/dimensions/ports, have tweaked the design not only to accept the larger form factors of the iPhone and iPods, but also previous generations of them - because it would also be a great option to utilize an older device (that we no longer use) and make this a more permanent install. And most importantly, we have ran FEA (Finite Element Analysis) on multiple design concepts to analyze the stress added by the additional weight. We're happy to announce, with the new design changes and reassurance from our analysis, we will be able to expand the range of the WALdok to: iPhone iPhone 3G iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPod classic iPod touch iPod nano The 30-pin connection is very secure and tight (you can see for yourself by testing with the nano charger cord), and along with the nano's ability to rotate screen, it shouldn't be a problem. * We're going to try to incorporate a battery and flip-out feature for the plugs (space allowing!) so that it can also be used as a portable "unplugged" speaker. The plugs can double as a kickstand when set on the desk top. * We're also in the process of acquiring preliminary quotes from manufacturers. The sound quality from the 40mm driver is AWESOME.