Dear DroneRafts Kickstarter Backers! We are so excited to have the chance to pitch DroneRafts to a panel of celebrity judges. We need your vote to gain a Top 3 spot for that opportunity to pitch and vie for the grand prize. Please vote and share with all your friends! Click HERE to cast your vote! Scroll, Select, &amp; Vote! Takes 30 seconds We are so fortunate and grateful to our #DroneAnywhere community for all the support we've enjoyed right from the beginning with our Kickstarter campaign, to spreading the word when we started production and released new products, and for sharing your unique #DroneAnywhere Stories that help inspire the drone community with your novel and useful adventures. As ever, thanks for all you do, The Dronerafts Team . Hello our dear friends and Kickstarter backers! Isn't it exciting to be coming to the holidays once again. We have had a busy year working to grow DroneRafts. We are proud to introduce the latest all-terrain landing gear... TerraStrider Just like WaterStrider the TerraStrider enables landing anywhere (except not on water), and with a mass of just 0.14 kg it is 46% lighter than WaterStrider 2.0, and 53% lighter than WaterStrider 1.0. Click here to check out the specs and shop for your TerraStrider. Happy and safe flying, and #DroneAnywere! The DroneRafts Team Greetings to our dear Kickstarter backers! It has been an exciting year since you backed us to launch our inaugural product, the WaterStrider. We have delivered all over the world and seen so many uses we didn’t even conceive of for the WaterStrider. We also have a tremendous interaction with WaterStrider users who write in or give us a call, and as users ourselves we have been eager to put some refinements into the WaterStrider concept. So, for the past few months we’ve taken the time to do just that. Introducing WaterStrider 2.0! It is 12% lighter. It assembles in 10% of the time at less than a minute out of the box. It is outfitted with more energy absorbing materials for increased durability. Best of all, the WaterStrider 2.0 Pro version is compatible with the DJI Phantom 4 PRO &amp; ADVANCED . We have also brought back the popular high visibility front red pods with the WaterStrider 2.0 Red and WaterStrider 2.0 Pro Red versions. Come visit our updated website to see more details at www.DroneRafts.com , and please SPREAD THE WORD! Cheers! The DroneRafts Team We are quickly approaching the one-year mark since the launch of our KickStarter campaign which you all made a success and got our fledgling business of the ground. They said we were crazy for wanting to land our drones on water, rocks, grass, beach sand, snow, and slopes but you said 'Nah, that's awesome... Let's do this!' . Since then we've delivered to 45 US States and 29 countries , and we aren't stopping there. There is a growing community of WaterStrider users out there and we would like to hear from you. If you've enjoyed using your WaterStrider let the world know and post your favorite shots on Instagram with #DroneAnywhere with #Phantom3 or #Phantom4 ! Follow us Also, we think you will find our online community useful and fun. We'll be providing hints, tips and more as well as a platform to share your photos with other WaterStrider owners. Keep your eye's peeled for our frequent competitions and ' Top Tip Tuesday ' - helping you to get the most of your WaterStrider. Click here to join over 2,500 others in the Dronerafts community network. We look forward to seeing you there! The Dronerafts Team Hello again! We've got a couple items to share with our favorite backers, so let's get to it! For those of you who haven’t been following our YouTube Channel, we thought we’d share one of the latest videos that helps to establish some limits on rougher waters. It's a fun video, and we recommend watching it even if you don't think you'll land on the sea or ocean. <url>’ve got great footage that you're interested in showing off in one of our videos, please reach out to <email>! Next, we’re going to humbly request a bit of help from a few backers. We recently launched on Amazon Launchpad, and we received a pretty bad review (due to an unfortunate assembly issue). Because we can’t reach out to the customer directly, we have no way of making the situation right. So we’re stuck with a 1-star review, which will kill sales going into the holiday season. We think we have lots of very happy Kickstarter backers, and we would really appreciate it if a few of you would share a review here . (Of course, if you’re not happy, please reach out to us directly so we can resolve your issue!) Finally, we'd encourage you to visit our website , complete with an online store. We're constantly updating it, and it is basically a new website compared to when we were running our campaign! PS - Fun fact: WaterStrider is now in at least 23 different countries :-) Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Today we are happy to announce success! We have now shipped every WaterStrider due as part of our Kickstarter campaign (provided we've received an address). Thank you to our backers, our friends and family, and everyone who has helped make WaterStrider a reality! Going forward, we are actively working on setting up an online store at www.dronerafts.com . If your friends are interested in a WaterStrider, have them sign up for our pre-order list at www.dronerafts.com/buy to be notified when the store is online! For our international backers, it's probably noteworthy that a few of the shipments appear to be sitting in Customs. Unfortunately the amount of time it takes to make it through Customs is dependent upon the specific country and outside of our control. Thank you for your patience! We'd also like to take the time to tell our backers about a drone related organization, Air Bears . They are creating a global organization of volunteer drone pilots dedicated to aiding local authorities in things like search and rescue. We think several of our backers might have a lot of fun with this organization, all while making a difference. Check them out! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We are excited to announce that almost all of the KickStarter rewards have shipped! As long as you've answered your survey and didn't have a special request, then you should have your WaterStrider soon! As a gentle reminder, please visit dronerafts.com/tutorials for help with assembly, installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. If you still have questions after that, feel free to contact us by email at <email>. While our Kickstarter campaign will soon be coming to a close, we think it's important to remind people that the fun is just beginning! Our goal is to build a sustainable company, not just deliver on a project. So we are REALLY interested in your overall experience with WaterStrider. We want to know what you love and/or hate about our product. Nothing is off limits, and understanding the true perceptions will only help us going forward. Feel free to send us feedback via Kickstarter messages, or by sending an email to <email>. We'll have a few more updates in the future, but we wanted to also take the opportunity to say thank you to all of our backers. We appreciate your patience, your feedback, and your support! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team The pace of rewards fulfillment to our generous backers steadily rises and we now have completed all T-Shirt rewards. We have shipped ¼ of the WaterStriders to date and should be through ¾ by the end of the week. Quantities increase each week as we ramp up. We have begun receiving valuable feedback from some backers already flying. Thank you for that and please keep it coming. You are helping to make WaterStrider a success. In our last update we gave some recommendations on flying your drone safely. We’ve been asked for more clarification on the guidelines for landing. While we’ve tested landing on water and ground with the WaterStrider with various speeds of forward motion and established safe limits with the objective of insuring a robust product (which you can see in our Youtube episode “Drone Water &amp; Difficult Terrain Takeoffs &amp; Landings with WaterStrider”); the preferred method of landing is to make contact with zero forward motion. While traversing during descent will help prevent the “wobble of death” suffered by drones, the traversing should end before making contact to minimize any chance of an unstable landing. Also, remember to descend at a safe controlled speed. Finally, we received many inquiries from backers, AUVSI attendees in New Orleans, social media and forums about the performance of WaterStrider on the ocean. We are excited to announce sea trials have begun! And results are looking very good. Harbor and bay water trials have been completed with excellent results on performance and no water on the camera. Next we will venture into open ocean. Here is a photo from the testing for a sneak peak. A full Youtube episode will be forthcoming once testing is complete. Until next time! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team If this is the only update you ever read, please read this one. Twice. And more carefully the second time! As WaterStriders are shipping out, we want to reiterate some very important details to help you keep from crashing your drone: It is absolutely imperative that assembly be done correctly. If assembled incorrectly, your drone may exhibit erratic behavior. Installing your WaterStrider is easy, but it requires a snug fit. Failure to do so will shift the mass of the WaterStrider relative to the drone and confuse the drone's control system. We put together a 90 second video to help. Watch it! <url>"wobble of death") causing stability issues. This condition is present in virtually all drones, even without WaterStrider attached. The solution is to either descend slowly or to apply some lateral movement (i.e. go down on a diagonal path). Remember, the Pilot in Command (PIC) is always responsible for the safe operation of the drone / aircraft. If your system isn't responding like what is shown in our videos, something is wrong. But don't sweat, because we're here to help! Please review DroneRafts.com/Tutorials and the assembly instructions. If that doesn't help, please contact <email> directly for troubleshooting or just general questions. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We are excited to announce that the first WaterStriders were shipped today! It is our hope that the majority of remaining rewards will be shipped out by this time next week. We also thought you might enjoy seeing a behind the scenes activity. Testing and inspections of incoming parts are just a few of the things keeping us busy! Cheers! The DroneRafts Team Greetings! One thing that we’ve learned about starting a new company is that surprises and challenges are everywhere. Generally we just deal with them and move on. Unfortunately, we recently ran into an issue that is going to impact our backers. When we originally offered the red bottom front floats, we were envisioning that the red floats would be created by paint. The beauty of paint is that it sticks really well to the particular plastic we are using, weighs almost nothing, and looks fantastic (as you saw in update #8). However, after extensive testing, we decided we weren’t happy with that approach because of the long-term durability. The paint would be robust for most people, but if an operator lands on concrete while moving, it could scratch off the paint. So we decided to go a different route, and settled on colored plastic. That way, even if the plastic was scratched, the color wouldn’t change and your WaterStrider would continue to look great. We even expedited the shipment of the plastics at our expense to keep things on schedule. Friday afternoon we received notification from our supplier that the way the two halves are bonded together was resulting in a condition that, while fully functional, looked really bad. The solvent bond used to join the white and red flanges together was causing orange blemishes on the top white flange. We simply aren’t happy with the result, and wouldn’t expect our backers to accept it. We’ve evaluated a bunch of other options, and even tried a few out, but they weren’t intended for this kind of application and resulted in unreasonably high scrap rates. Another option we considered was feasible, but it would result in a delay measured in months, and clearly that isn’t acceptable. So, we had to make a tough decision on how to proceed. After consulting with a variety of people we’ve decided to replace the white and red pods with all red pods. We’ve already tested the bonding process, and we think they look great! Because of the way we set up production, we already had all the red bottoms, so bonding started today and they already have ⅔ of all the red pods we need completed. We think the vast majority of backers will love their all red pods, which still increases visibility and helps with orientation at a distance. As such, we plan to start shipping the red pods later this week, as soon as the all-white WaterStriders have shipped. We truly value all of our Kickstarter backers, and we listen to what each and every backer has to say. If you requested the red and white front pods in the survey, and for some reason you’re not happy with all all-red front pod solution, please speak up ASAP! While it might delay your shipment slightly, we’ll work with you individually to make sure you are happy. Thank you for your patience and understanding, The DroneRafts Team We have lots of great news to share with you, so let’s get to it! Reward fulfillment has officially begun! Tee-shirts: Most of the tee-shirts in the $25 reward level were shipped earlier today via USPS priority mail. So you should expect them within the next few days depending upon where you live. In a couple instances we are delivering the shirts by hand, but if that’s the case we’ll contact you directly. If you ordered a tee-shirt with your WaterStrider, they will ship together. Social Media Thanks: We’ve thanked all our backers on social media that provided their information in the survey. In a few instances we couldn’t tag people properly, but we’ve sent you personal messages if that’s the case. Thanks again to all our backers, and don’t forget to like us on Twitter, Facebook, and/or Instagram! Surveys: All the surveys are locked down now, meaning you can’t change your address. If you need to change it before we ship, please contact us directly. If you haven’t filled out a survey yet you can still do that, and we encourage it. Without your details, we can’t very well provide you with your reward! We're very close to shipping WaterStriders, but aren't quite there yet. But we'll share some details since you've read this far :-) Brackets: Since the last update, the injection molded brackets have arrived. We’ve counted them, inspected them, done fit trials / assembly with them, and did some more drop testing (which passed with flying colors). We couldn’t be happier! We love the looks of new injection molded design, the lighter weight, the better fastener system, and how it interfaces with both the Phantom 3 and Phantom 4. Carbon Fiber Tubes: We have all the final cut and drilled carbon fiber tubes in our possession. We’ve done lots of measurements, inspections, fit trials, and even some cleaning, and these tubes are good to go! Landing Pods: It pains us to report this, but delivery of the landing pods is several days behind our internal schedule (which are all new developments since the last update). We visited our supplier today to help them through a couple of the remaining issues, to review some pieces, and to discuss schedule. We take our commitments to our Kickstarter backers very seriously, and are doing everything in our power to make sure we ship by the end of the month. We've even spent several hundred extra dollars with 3rd parties to help save our schedule as much as possible. There is still some risk, but we're expecting to have pods in our possession by early next week. Shipping: Everything is in place to package up the WaterStrider kits as soon as the landing pods arrive. We expect to ship out all the remaining rewards within a few days of receiving the landing pods. We'll keep you posted as the details are finalized. Finally, we wanted to mention that we'll be opening up our online store soon so your jealous friends can get their own WaterStrider! We'll be sending out a separate update once it's ready to go. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Greetings! We have several positive updates this week that we think you'll love! Brackets: Good news... the injection molding tooling you helped fund is now finished! Better news... the first order of brackets has been made!!! The parts should be shipping very soon and should arrive sometime next week. Carbon Fiber Tubes: The jigs were modified to account for the variation that we mentioned in last week’s update, and we’ve evaluated some initial pieces. The parts look really great from a visual and a dimensional standpoint. Full production has commenced and should be completed ahead of our required due-date. Landing Pods: As we mentioned last week, we’re taking a different approach to tooling than our supplier would normally use. The new tooling is almost complete, and production can begin as soon as it’s finished. We’re really excited about the approach because it will result in a higher-quality product, costs roughly the same amount, and is several weeks quicker than the alternative. That means we eliminated a potential delay so that you get your WaterStriders sooner! Tee-shirts: We’ve ordered all the tee-shirts, including some extras in various sizes to cover the backers that haven’t filled out their survey yet. Miscellaneous Hardware: We now have all the necessary nuts, bolts, hook and loop straps, etc. that are needed to deliver 100% of the KickStarter WaterStriders. Shipping: In update #16 we mentioned that we received our boxes but that they had the wrong logos on them. We’ve since received the correct boxes and they look great! We’ve completed our updated shipping method trials and are much happier with the results. It’s also worth mentioning that we now have 100% of the necessary shipping supplies (baggies for nuts and bolts, exterior boxes, labels, styrofoam, cellophane wrap, packing tape, packing paper, etc.). We can’t wait to use it, because it means that WaterStrider should be reaching our customers soon! As we get closer to shipping out your rewards, we will be locking down the surveys so that you can no longer change your address. When this happens, you should receive notification from KickStarter that you have 48 hours to make any changes (for example, if you’ve moved since filling out the survey). The lockdown will occur in two phases: First we’ll lock down the $25 reward level (tee-shirts) since those will be available to be shipped out first. Then we’ll lock down the remaining reward levels that receive a physical shipment (i.e. a WaterStrider, and/or a WaterStrider + tee shirt). Finally, a few of our backers have made us aware of a postal strike that appears to be imminent in Canada. We’re looking into the situation and evaluating alternative shipping methods. We will be reaching out to our Canadian backers individually as we get closer to the ship date. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Thank you to everyone who was quick to fill out the surveys. Roughly 85% of people have responded to date. For the remaining 15%, surveys are due ASAP! We don't have much time to give without starting to impact delivery, and that isn't fair to everyone else, so please fill them out now if you haven't already. And now for the fun stuff! As we mentioned in our last update, the carbon fiber tubes were cut to length. We received the shipment of parts, performed some inspections (counted them, measured the diameter and lengths, etc.) and have hand-delivered them to the supplier who will drill the holes. Unfortunately, we're seeing some big lot-to-lot variation on the outer diameter of the carbon fiber tubes. This impacts how the machine shop is holding the tubes to drill the holes. So some minor adjustments are being made to the jig to accommodate the variation. Fortunately, we choose a good vendor with lots of in-house capability, so they can make the necessary changes and still deliver on time! Based on the surveys that we have received, there is an overwhelming (nearly unanimous) decision that people want the front floats to have red bottoms. This was a little unexpected, but no worries! We've already identified a source for the red plastic and reserved more than enough to fill all the KickStarter campaign rewards. (Sometimes finding the right kind of plastic in the right thickness, color, and surface finish can be pretty hard. Most distributors want you to buy 2,000 - 3,000 pounds and then they'll make whatever color you want.... but that much plastic would make roughly a billion WaterStriders!) The supplier making our landing pods has also run into a couple of issues. Their tooling process uses a sand casting, but it isn't intricate enough to keep some of the details that we need. They have a backup process that would work, but it takes longer and would mean they wouldn't even start producing parts until August. But fear not! We brought a couple unique engineering ideas to the table that helped dramatically from a schedule standpoint. (Sorry, we won't be sharing any of the specifics, because we want our inevitable competitors to be much slower than us!) They should start making production parts in a little over a week, at which point the order should be filled very quickly. Work continues on the tooling for the injection molded brackets. We've confirmed they are on schedule, so no additional news is good news! Besides the big stuff, we're also focusing on some of the smaller details. We bought a hot-wire cutter to make cutting foam board for packing much easier. We've ordered all the nuts, bolts, and velcro straps. We've put together assembly instructions using just pictures so they can be used worldwide. (We'll also be doing a video, but want the injection molded brackets in hand before making that video.) Similar to the last update, we think we're still on-time with deliveries (the very end of July). We want you to know that we are working very hard to deliver your WaterStrider when we promised, and that we're doing everything in our power to make that happen (including working long hours, talking with suppliers frequently, and even spending some extra money to help make things happen faster). Finally, we took an hour or two out of our day on Thursday for a quick photo-shoot. Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology (our Alma mater) is doing a story about our company in the fall edition of Echoes (the quarterly magazine for alumni). Every little bit of publicity helps! Thanks for reading, and cheers! The DroneRafts Team As of this afternoon, we have distributed surveys to all our backers (except those that selected "No Reward", but they should have received a separate message). If you haven’t seen it yet, check in your email spam or junk folder. PLEASE take the time to fill the survey out and return it ASAP as we need some info (like the number or red bottom floats, and tee shirt sizes) in order to finalize production. Don't worry, you’ll be able to change your address if you move before we ship. We’ll give you 48 hours notice before we lock things down and start shipping. On that note, production is moving forward! Just a couple of updates: All the carbon fiber tubes are cut to length and the drilling of several thousand holes will begin this coming week. The design for the injection molded bracket (including new retention features for the Phantom 4) was approved by our supplier. We've formally placed the order, paid for it, and the tooling is underway. Once the tooling is complete, it will take them minutes to make all the parts we need! (Check out the picture below.) We're done doing development work with our supplier of the landing pods. We're happy with everything we've seen, and placed the order with that supplier. We received the shipping boxes with our logo on them... and they were in the wrong spot (across some seams). The supplier apologized and is expediting the correct boxes. Because we were proactive, we still have plenty of time to receive the new boxes before we actually need them! Even with some minor design modifications, it looks like we're still on target to meet our weigh requirements in production. Our current roll-up of all the schedules shows we will be shipping on-time (July of 2016), but it's going to be close (i.e. at the very end of July). We're working super hard (and super long hours) to make sure our backers receive the units when we promised them. But even more importantly, we want to make sure we deliver a high-quality product that you'll love! Finally, we thought we'd share a couple of cool pictures. The first is of the new injection molded brackets which is a major upgrade compared to the prototype design. The new design features: An improved Phantom 3 positioning feature An all-new Phantom 4 positioning feature An improved retention features (for use with the Velcro straps) A lighter-weight design that is still very, very strong We'll talk more about the design and features in future updates and videos, but we thought you would be excited to see the final design! Next, we thought we'd share a picture of some static-load testing we performed. Basically we just put a varying amounts of weight on the top of the brackets and measure any deflection. This is used to verify that our finite element analysis model is accurately predicting real-world scenarios so that we can trust the results. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We are happy to announce that the funds KickStarter collected were deposited into our bank account late yesterday. There were very few cancelled pledges, so a special thanks to everyone! We've spent the last couple weeks in discussions with our suppliers to make sure everything is lined up and ready to go. Now that we have the funds in hand, we're able to formally pay for the special tooling and get those suppliers working! We're also happy to report that we are still on track to meet our original delivery timeline. As soon as we've launched all of our suppliers, we'll be sending out surveys in order to collect things like shipping addresses, T-shirt sizes, and whether you'd like the front bottom pods to be red or white. You should expect to see the surveys in your email next week, so keep an eye out! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Somewhat ironically, we are updating you via the internet to tell you that we're on the internet! In all seriousness, if you'd like to see the video of our interview on Inside Indiana Business with Gerry Dick (which we referenced in our last update), just check out the link below! <url>#8). The exact timing on those is TBD, so stay tuned! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team Time is running out! Make sure your friends and family all know about WaterStrider because our campaign is closing in just 12 short hours! We're still racing to the finish line and beyond to make sure we deliver our backers a great experience. Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We just want to say Thank You for your support in making WaterStrider a reality, as we are now fully funded!!! We sincerely appreciate your vote of confidence in our team and our product! Cheers, The DroneRafts Tram Sometimes we get so excited about the transformative nature of WaterStrider that we forget to highlight the less glamorous (but still important) features. For example, did you know that the carbon fiber cross-bar provides extra protection for the camera? The ½ inch carbon fiber tube is located directly under the camera / gimbal, and is crazy strong! It will take a beating like a champ, and then rest quietly knowing it helped to protect your expensive drone! We also wanted to highlight our guarantee again for those that might have missed it. We’re so confident in both our team (which is really experienced in product development and production), and our product (which included ~50 design iterations and LOTS of testing), that we're offering a money back guarantee. Our backers can return our product within 30 days of receiving it, for any reason, and we'll provide them with a full refund! We also added a new comparison chart on the main campaign page. We think this really highlights the value that we bring! We also wanted to give you a glimpse at some packaging setups that we're testing (shipping cross-country and back to make sure there is no damage). It represents just one of the many details we're sweating to make sure our backers are happy! Also, we have our first 3rd party review from SkyFire Consulting! (Note this review was 100% independent. We loaned him a unit, but they had complete editorial control. We think the little bit of shakiness at the beginning was because they didn't have the velcro straps tight enough, but we're going to do our own video to show proper installation. Another reason this was a good idea!) <url>"Kick Start" their own app development! Cheers, The DroneRafts Team We just want to give a great big THANK YOU to all of our 100 backers! It's really exciting to see so many people support this project, and we want you to know that we're working hard behind the scenes to make this project come to life! We've just posted another video to the campaign page (and the DroneRafts YouTube channel) to talk about really windy conditions. We also have a few more videos in the works that we think you'll love, so check back often! <url>#1 live project in the Flight category! But the campaign isn't over yet, so please share this project with your friends, family, and fellow drone-lovers so we can all #DroneAnywhere! With kind regards, The DroneRafts team We are very, very excited to announce that we are done validating WaterStrider with the DJI Phantom 4! The Phantom 4 is an amazing machine with lots of power and technology, and it's no surprise that many of our backers and potential backers want to use these two product together! We spent a lot of time looking at all the new tech specs, interfaces, features, and design. And then we started flying it... a lot! After all, that's the fun part of our jobs :-) We purposefully put it in situations that we thought might cause issues, especially with the new forward facing sensors. Fortunately, the Phantom 4 handles WaterStrider even better than we hoped! We will be making a small change to the brackets to make it easy for WaterStrider to be positioned relative to the Phantom 4 (while still retaining the Phantom 3 feature, which has different shaped landing gear). But that's an easy change since we haven't purchased the injection molding tooling yet, and won't require any work on your part. Thank you so much for your patience. We know people are excited about the Phantom 4, and we're excited for you to get these two great products together so you can #DroneAnywhere! One of the great things about visiting AUVSI’s XPONENTIAL drone conference is that we got to meet a ton of really knowledgeable people in a very short amount of time. We talked to professional pilots, drone manufacturers, distributors, consultants, hobbyists, professors, flight instructors, and students, just to name a few. Something that really resonated with us was the diversity in exactly how people were planning on using our product. While our Kickstarter video shows some great use cases, we’re beginning to see that those are just the tip of the iceberg! In general, people were really excited about our product! Besides near-water shots and training, some other really popular ideas were for: Fire, first responders, search and rescue, and disaster response Water sampling Coastal surveying Studying fish for academic purposes (like salmon populations) Studying fish for fun (aka fishing!) Operations to and from boats and ships Emergency recovery from water (low battery and/or auto-landing when returning to home) Enhanced in-flight visibility to maintain visual line of sight further away But really the only question that is important, is how will YOU use WaterStrider?!? Please share your thoughts in the comments section! Greetings! It has been a great week at the AUVSI's XPONENTIAL drone conference. We had a really fun booth in the startup pavilion complete with a water table and some rough terrain. The booth and flight demonstrations drew lots of attention from consumers, professionals, and even multiple drone manufacturers! We'll be sharing some of their excitement with quotes on our campaign page soon. We also had the pleasure of meeting some of the next generation of builders, creators, and engineers when local students visited our booth. Thanks to Robonation for setting this up. And let us say, our future looks bright! Finally, we want to thank you for all the correspondence, and let you know that we're taking your feedback and suggestions very seriously. As such, we're moving the evaluation of the Phantom 4 to the top of our to-do list. We hope to have an official answer soon! Cheers, The DroneRafts team We're in New Orleans this week, excited to announce a new reward at $159 in celebration of our public debut at AUVSI's XPONENTIAL 2016. So take advantage of this great opportunity so you and your friends can #DroneAnywhere! Also, based on the response to date, we've procured some production-quality tooling for the landing pods. We think the CNC machined Aluminum produces landing pods that are gorgeous and that our backers will love! We also want to let everyone know that we've added a 30-day money back guarantee to the campaign. We're so confident that you'll love WaterStrider that if you're not 100% happy with it, you can return it within 30 days of receiving it for any reason and receive a full refund of your pledge. Finally, we are loving the global WaterStrider community that is forming. As of today, we are represented by at least 10 different countries! Cheers, The DroneRafts team We're really excited that the KS campaign is off to a strong start! We're ⅓ funded and are getting lots of excitement from our backers! There have been lots of questions about the DJI Phantom 2, so we've been working on validating that application this week. We will have an official answer soon! We also wanted to let everyone know that we'll be at AUVSI's XPONENTIAL 2016 drone conference in New Orleans this coming week, from May 2nd to May 5th. We'll have hardware on-hand at booth #1816 in the Exhibit Hall, so if anyone is interested in seeing the hardware in person we encourage you to visit! It's bound to be a great conference! Wow!!! We just want to take a quick moment and say ‘Thank You!” The first 24 hours have been a fantastic start to our campaign. We’ve raised thousands of dollars, been featured in two major media publications ( Gizmag and TrendHunter ), and have seen an amazing amount of support from friends, family, and the drone community at large. We are truly grateful for your support. Enjoy the weekend, and please consider spreading the word so that everyone can #DroneAnywhere. We’ll be posting more updates periodically! Cheers, The DroneRafts LLC team