Congratulations on your nomination for an Emmy Award for Best Documentary! I'm proud to be your supporter! Just tried my download link and got an 401 error, received link back in December of 2015 but the email was push off by junk mails, and finally located it. Please advise. Hello guys! We are back for a new Kickstarter! A Sci-Fi this time! And I am checking all the old projects we had back... And I would love to watch your documentary! It's any way that I can pay and watch it? Did you guys distributed anywhere? VOD? Everything will work :) we just want to watch it :) please let us know... I got an Error 401 from the link. Have not been able to see this yet. Have all the DVD's been sent? Haven't received one yet. Thanks. I too am have had trouble downloading the film along with the music score. I know that I tried to do this after the movie became available due to a vacation I was on. But now that I am back, is there a way to re-open the link for me? I've tried several times to download the film and each time it dies partway through with a network error. Tonight when I went to the link to try again, the site told me I "don't belong here." This is very frustrating - I really would like my copy of the down loaded film. Thanks. Downloaded and watched the film over the weekend. Very well done! Hi, I've tried to download the film 3 times now from the link you provided and each time it's failing at about 75% through, reporting an 'unknown network error'... Is the site particularly overloaded or is there something else going on? Is anyone else having the same problem? Great Job! From a project creator to another project creator... Thanks to be here and make it happen! :) you rock!!!!! Woah, I was looking up movies to watch tonight and noticed that this film is playing in NYC!!! So Excited to see it! Any update on a delivery date for this film? Happy you're screening the film, but I'd like to sceen my own copy as well. It's been 4 months since you last addressed the backers. thank you JR Some other film projects on kickstarter make their films available to backers via digital download. Is that an option for you guys? Looking forward to the downloadable version! Some people might be anxious because they're worried they might never get it, but since you're showing it at festivals, I'd be surprised if we didn't get what we contributed money for. Take your time, do it right, and thanks for all your hard work! Dudes! Port Townsend Film Festival! In September. I don't know if they are still selecting films, can't hurt to try. (And we are known for taking care of "our" filmmakers -- it is a pretty great experience for you, too.) It would be nice to remember your supporters. Seems to me you have forgotten us now you are on the film festival trail. Can't belieive yoir remarks thT you are finishing up a movie while visiting various film festivals. Very dissappointed. This is respectful and considerate! It would have been nice to receive the reward I was promised when I pledged. Congratulations on a terrific debut at Sundance!! Looking forward to everything that's ahead for you and Welcome to Leith. Awesome recognition for a great film made by a couple of stand up dudes...congrats!! Any news on when the film will be completed? Congratulations! Very excited to see the finished product! It takes a community.... Congratulations guys! Now go get'um! Congratulations! And thank you for making this important film. Congratulations guys! I pledged 25 dollars. I was there the day of the demonstration and have been supportive of the people of Leith in my home state. I really like the style you are using in this film (maintaining a neutral stance and letting the audience decide. very good! makes me feel conflicted!) The music is fantastic and creates a sense of urgency and suspense! I have a feeling that your documentary will be the buzz among the film festival circuits! I hope you both decide to submit this to the Dakota Digital Film Festival in Bismarck next year =) -Jessy Those 7 minutes look astounding. Congratulations. Great news. Fantastic news! This project really deserved it. I just received your email that you hit your goal! What great news! I'm so glad you met your goal (so much so that I increased my pledge), and happy to be able to help. Congrats! I'm so glad you met your goal! This is very much a story that needs to be told. The worst thing for bigotry and hatred is public exposure. I know your efforts will make a terrific contribution to a better world! I'm very pleased that you got this bump at near the end. I'd like to think my share of it helped. We've all got to do everything we can to roll back this dark fog of bigotry and racism, for there is only one place it leads, if left unchecked. Congratulations! Hooray! Glad to see such a healthy last-minute push for this project! Chris, this story exposes racism and the despicable hatred and ignorance that feeds into it. We are extremely proud of both of you and Mike Backed and helping to spread the word Just contributed and shared. I grew up in Idaho when the Aryan Nations "Church" was doing the same kind of shit not far from family property. It's so important for people to understand that this kind of ignorance and hate still exists, and still needs to be countered by brave action. Thanks for bringing the sunlight. I increased my pledge. I really want to see this project succeed!