We are very excited to announce the newest partner to our WigWag family! “ LaMetric is the first standalone, customizable, hackable ticker that tracks key metrics and displays them in real-time. This unique clock can be set up to tell you the events on your calendar for the day, the temperature or even to count down the days until your new baby is born. LaMetric eliminates the need to check multiple apps or news sites for the information you need. Instead, you receive everything at a glance, all in one place, in real-time. The possibilities are endless.” LaMetric features: WiFi, a LED screen, a touch button sensor board, speaker and Ethernet. Plug it in through a mini-USB power adapter and connect to your Wi-Fi or Ethernet network. What does this mean? This means that in conjunction with the WigWag Rule system, you can use the customizable LED display and speaker as THENs and the Touch Buttons as WHENs to create intelligent rules with anything in the growing WigWag ecosystem. WigWag will expand LaMetric's capability. With easy integration and customization...create the experience you want and make it simple to invoke. LaMetric can display data from other devices like the Sensor Block or Presence Tag. You can be alerted when your kids arrive at home, turn off security, unlock doors, turn music or lights on and with the push of a button your kids can get in touch with you in case of emergency. You may choose to simply close your garage door after being alerted you left it open. There is so much we can do together. The first rule we'll be setting in the WigWag office will tell us how many people are in the office; this enables data on our resource efficiency in development sprints to to understanding our patterns of work. There are many applications for visual feedback...goal tracking...time tracking, join us in brainstorming! LaMetric is funding on Kickstarter right now, go check them out ! More exciting news: Nest Update Today Nest made their developer program public. The program will give programmers access to Nest devices, and to some of the user information. In reality, we could already talk to Nest, but the full release opens up a lot more capabilities to everyone. <url>“When my cell is away from XYZ area, Then…”). We are also working on interoperability with various new devices, which we believe will appeal to certain parts of the user base. An example of this is My N3rd on Kickstarter now: “My N3RD (Pronounced Nerd) turns your smartphone into a remote control for every gadget, vehicle and appliance you own. It works with the My N3RD app to upgrade ANY switch into a wireless controlled, programmable, and automatic smart switch, updating all of your devices into intelligent connected ones.” My N3RD features two 25 amp relays and 2 switch/sensor inputs. With WigWag and My N3RD working together, you can now do more. You can use the two together to set up intelligent rules to control anything with a switch: Garage Doors, Electric Gates, Boat-lifts, Winches, Pumps, Motors, Heaters, Hot Tubs, Sprinklers, Lighting, Speaker Zone Control, Modem /Router Re-Booter, Door Locks in your car (On-Star without the Monthly Fees), Alarm Systems (Monitor your home or vehicle remotely), Fireplaces (turn your electrically controlled fireplace on and off), Coffee Makers, etc. Keep the suggestions coming! We have received a lot of suggestions for device support via WigWag Talk . A big thank you to the backers that first alerted us to My N3RD! We are paying close attention to your suggestions from WigWag Talk as well as your direct messages to us. You can expect many more new relationships to be posted in the next few weeks. Please keep informing us of great products that you want your WigWag to work with! My N3RD Kickstarter Campaign is going to end soon! Go check them out. First and foremost, thank you to everyone who provided such great feedback into the sensor block design. Without your support we could have potentially made a mistake that would result in a less functional product. We think the feedback was beneficial to all backers! Sensor Block Several key comments from backers both on talk.wigwag.com and Kickstarter went into the design below. These comments are summarized here: - Make the final plastics textured, not smooth so that anyone can paint it any color they like. - Get rid of the tab because it protrudes out too much and will make installation difficult. - Put the QR code onto the bottom of the sensor block itself. This way you don’t have to remove the base-plate that screws onto the wall. Also if you move the sensor block away from the base-plate you still have access to the QR code / NFC tag. (accomplished: notice in the second picture the QR code is visible on the back, but this through an open window through the wall mount / bottom cover). - Make the bottom cover wall-mountable, don’t use simple holes like you see on typical hardware which are hard to mount securely. - The IR port needs remain on a side. One good idea was to integrate the IR window into the top surface of the Sensor Block so that it could transmit IR to a device while mounted vertical. The challenge here is that it would then be hard to hit a IR device while mounted horizontal. Also, we simply couldn’t find the space to mount it mid-board and didn’t find any of the conceptual industrial designs aesthetically pleasing. By the way: we may be able to support an IR blaster off the expansion port. More research is necessary. - Several folks really liked design #1, but others preferred design #2. We really liked both - and took time to explore them both... After we dove into the design with our mechanical engineering consultant, we discovered that #2 would end up being significantly larger than #1. In simple terms, the base must hold the PCB and the sloped edges and curved top resulted in a lot of extra “wasted” space. We really appreciate all fans of #2; however, as we looked at the size challenge we think everyone will appreciate a much smaller sensor block in the end. Also, compiling the feedback, those that liked #2 tended to do so due to the potential color scheme changes. Those changes can be made to option #1 as well. -Finally, in addition to these designs, we still need to select final colors. We will most likely offer two color profiles to our backers, with the potential of a plain white as well. When we get closer to picking the colors we will solicit your feedback. This will happen after we have completed the injection mold and are able to assemble official parts. Until next week... Sensor Block Power Profiling Not a lot has changed on the power profiling for the sensor block. We are still waiting on the National Instruments PXE equipment to arrive along with our PXI-4071 card, which we are renting in order to reduce costs. We have implemented most of the sensor support and are finishing the 6LoWPAN communication to the block. However, all that is rather boring compared to what follows... Final product case design Things are going excellent with our Industrial Design firm here in Austin. We are working very closely with Fahrenheit Design to finalize the designs of our Sensor Block and the rest of the product family. If you have seen some of the newer, more sleek Dell laptop and server designs you know we are in good hands with Fahrenheit. Below you can view two of our leading designs that we would love to get your feedback on. These are drawings that will be ultimately taken to final mold design. A few important design details / features We are making the final plastic textured, not smooth. This will enable anyone to paint the sensor block to match whatever environment the sensor block is installed. The device needs to be able to stand upright on at least one if not multiple sides. Any design we chose needs the capability. Wall installation: The bottom part of both design shown is removable. This is important, because it allows someone to screw that cover onto the wall, and then snap the sensor in. This makes installing the Sensor Block on your wall really easy, and it also makes replacing batteries a tool-free event. Bumpers: You will notice they are gone. We instead are working on having a non-skid type surface on the bottom / side which will serve the same purpose as the bumpers: keeping the block from sliding around on slick surfaces. This change also makes for a cleaner look. A lot of care has already gone into moving around the ports. Through working with Fahrenheit we have learned that is important to put all the physical expansion onto one side. This will make for a lot more flexibility and ease in deployment. When installing the product into a tight area, only one side needs to be accessible; unlike the model in the Kickstarter campaign which would require access to two sides. The light meter was causing all sorts of problems with the design and it just didn’t look quite right in many of the models. One of the guys on the team came up with the idea of just putting the light meter under the motion detect bubble! … a lot simpler and cleaner. The motion bubble should allow enough “relevant” light to pass through for the sensor block to determine a change. We have not yet tested this solution, however, are very excited by this ideas potential. Feedback is desired … Share your comments, concerns and opinions. We have opened a WigWag Talk topic on this - and will post more info / photos in the thread as they become available. What about the other devices? We made a decision to first get a general design look / feel from the Sensor Block. We will use many of the same design element from the Sensor Block in the other devices… so a lot more drawings / renderings to come. Until next week... We want to keep our updates frequent but not annoying, so we are going to limit them to once every 1-2 weeks. First a final... Thank You!! We finished the campaign two weeks ago with a stunning 1694 backers! Support was tremendous and the ideas are very exciting! It's a very busy next few months for us, but we are ready for the challenges. WigWag Talk (forums) Our forums are up! Go to talk.wigwag.com We consider these forums to be in Beta, and we will be adding features over time. You may find the format to be different... We are using Discourse which is a new and very powerful discussion system, with a strong developer community. Mobile support should be in place in the next few months - although the site should run fine on tablets already. Categories We have made a few and are happy to create more. See this thread . Reply as New Topic The forum has a good feature for opening new topics. If you see a topic similar to the topic you want to open, click the This will not derail the current thread, but will automatically link your new topic to the current topic. If you have any support issues please email support [at] wigwag.com Cross Posting of Updates Going forward we will post public updates here as well as on the forum . What are we doing? A LOT. We wanted to get the forums up (sorry for the delay) - but we can't let our development schedule slip. Right now our main concern is getting the PCB designs finalized so we can then finalize our plastics tooling. Other events: We have finalized our Z-Wave dongle part. We have refined a couple of designs for the Sensor Block which we will be sharing with everyone soon. Your feedback will be critical to making a final decision. More info will be posted here when ready. We have all of our Insteon dev equipment in. We are about 3-7 days away from having the Backer Order Update system ready. This is the "final survey" (where you can pick Glowline versus Sensor Block, and add Add-Ons to your order). You will also be able to update your shipping address here. Access information will be in a backer only update. A Few Words for Some Special Folks We are not just building a product, we are building a platform and a company. The story has really just started, and we want to thank a few key folks who have helped us through the last year. Without these great people and tools we could not have had a successful campaign: Our Backers (you), JMT, direct family, parents and incredibly patient spouses, our badass WW team members: Ben, Zhu, Jordan, Bryan, tetraminx, Patrick, our UT interns, Rigado engineering, Asim and his great 3D work, Munira, our awesome PR team of Gina Manassero and Jenn Gooding, Mar for being smart, Adam for writing Contiki, Rogan Giles, Luiz and Fogarty IP, Linus for Linux, Eclipse, emacs, Stack Overflow, the Node.js and npm developer community, FCP X for crashing every 10 minutes, Tokina wide angle, Canon for great, cheap DSLRs. ...and coffee. Lots of coffee. -WigWag Everyone likes more "When" capabilities... so how about "When"s for your brain and your voice! Just think "turn on the lights." What if you could control your home, just by thinking? What if you wanted to save power… and just by thinking about lights being off – they could go off. WigWag is partnering with Emotiv to start bringing this type of capability to your home! "Emotiv Insight is an amazing wireless headset which can read brain waves. Emotiv Insight can detect emotions and specific facial expressions, and you can train the device to recognize certain thoughts." -Emotiv WigWag is going to provide support for the device via the WigWag App, so with your phone in your pocket talking Bluetooth to Emotiv Insight, you can think commands driven by WigWag Rules - from anywhere. In other words you will be able to build WigWag Rules using "When" events of thought... such as "Turn On" or "Turn Off" or "Raise Garage Door". Combined with the WigWag App knowing your location, Presence Tags revealing locations in a home, and WigWag Sensor Blocks being able to detect environmental conditions - the possibilities here are pretty endless. Applications could range from concepts like reacting to "concentration" and then adjusting light levels to a tone suitable for serious work, to significant improvements in quality of life for the elderly or handicapped individuals by enabling them to control devices they could not previously. We are thrilled to announce a new partnership with fellow Kickstarter, Emotiv! This is really cool technology and we are really excited to be working them! <url>"turn on the lights." What if you could tell your coffee pot to start brewing, just by saying "WigWag, start the coffee?" What if you could ask your house, "What time did my child leave the house?" WigWag is partnering with Ubi to bring this capability to your home! WigWag is collaborating with Ubi so you can verbally kick off rules. With Ubi, issue simple voice commands such as "Ubi, time to watch the big game" to start off a rule which puts your living-room into home theater mode. With Ubi you speak the command and WigWag will carry out the instructions or launch the rules. We are also working on "Then"s to drive voice information, so Ubi can inform you about things. Over the last year Ubi has gained considerable traction as a voice platform. Checkout the Ubi project here: <url>’s you control everything in a location together - regardless of vendor, device type, etc. (and, yes, techies - all that is available via DeviceJS) Glowline Strip Types &amp; Upgrades We are approaching the end of the campaign, so it’s decision time on your Glowlines if you have backed for one or more. The Glowline can control a 5050 RGB LED strip. We only use 300 count strips (60/meter), these are the higher density (better) variety. The following clip will show you the different LED strip options... <url>“Indoor” RGB strip. You can upgrade to these other strips as well: If you upgrade to any 5m strip your Glowline power supply will also be upgraded to handle this length. Ube: The ultimate in-wall dimmer Another awesome automation company is here in Austin with us, and that’s Ube. The Ube Smart Dimmer has a multi-touch interface and works with most lighting systems. It’s the best in-wall dimming product we have seen. We were happy to meet the team a few weeks ago over coffee, and now are pleased to tell you that the Ube Smart Dimmer will have first class support in WigWag. This means: You will get direct support in the WigWag App user interface. WigWag will automatically discover Ube dimmers (similar to Hue and Belkin gear) WigWag will be able to respond to multi-touch events from Ube... And it will get it’s own icon in the WigWag App! Learn more at: <url>#2 for details on how to increase your pledge. Next Stretch Goal We will have a future update with a few more stretch goals... However, we want you to understand where our priorities are now: they are with making sure we build the great devices we already have lined up. We think you will agree. -WigWag The next stretch goal has been met - and in record time! Yesterday was our second best day ever! Backers, thank you! And now for the big reveal... Vicinity We have a big software update! The Presence Tag will now work with Sensor Blocks - enabling your Tag to know which Sensor Block is closest. With this ability you can write presence tag rules that are location specific down to a room. Also, the Presence Tag button can be customized to each location that has a sensor block. Not only that, if you're using your Presence Tag to monitor the location of something (like your keys or your pet) the WigWag system can tell you which sensor block is closest. Full disclosure in alignment with the rules of Kickstarter: The presence tag is still in development and so is this ability. In our experiments thus far we have found that the Presence tag / sensor block combo has an accuracy to 2-3 meters. We have challenged ourselves to get this down to below 2 meters. This is where you need to think practically. If two sensor blocks are within 4M of each other, the presence tag will have a hard time knowing which sensor block to report back to the system. For instance: In the long term we hope to use this problem to our advantage, by doing triangulation and reporting a more specific location; however, that is reserved for a future software update. If you desire, adjust your pledge level to include more Sensor Blocks for each room to detect presence. Update 2 discusses how to update a pledge. Other ideas... We toyed with adding more new hardware capabilities on to the Tag as well, but the challenge is preserving battery life and keeping the size as small as possible. For this reason we chose to put our resources towards this powerful software capability. We can largely do this because the Tags use Contiki / 6loWPAN. Next up... The big goal ahead is 200k! We're really excited to get there - just need to keep the push going over the next week. Your thoughts Let us know your ideas about how the vicinity capability will help you build more powerful rules. It will give us guidance on how we will implement this capability into the Rule Builder user interface. -WigWag We've been talking with ivee and are pleased to announce that WigWag will be able to accept voice commands via the ivee Sleek. WigWag is collaborating with ivee so you can verbally kick off rules. With ivee a simple voice command such as: "ivee, setup dinner time lights" could run a rule which sets lighting to a certain mode for dining. Or perhaps, "ivee, put the house in sleep mode" when you go to bed. Thanks to ivee you can speak your command, and thanks to WigWag you can setup the command really easily. If you have not done so yet, checkout the ivee project here: <url>"When button press Then open garage door ") but more interesting things are possible: Make the button behave different based on time. Late at night? Make it turn your outside lights on. Also, since you can trigger multiple rules off a single environmental change, you could make the button do extra things at night: When night &amp; button press Then turn hallway lights on . That could be in addition to opening the garage door... but this would only occur in the evening. Since WigWag supports lighting "moods" (pre-set color &amp; brightness for your lights) have the button toggle between certain moods at certain times of day or when a certain amount of light is present. The possibilities are pretty endless and you get the idea! Next Up... Obviously we really want to get to making another WigWag sensing device, but one step at a time. The next goal is $150,000 and we are already on our way! As always, thanks so much for your continued support! We ALL did it. Thank you to everyone involved with WigWag. Backers, friends, family, enthusiasts and the internal team! WigWag has crossed the $100,000 Stretch Goal and we couldn't be more excited. Introducing the WigWag Presence tag! WigWag Presence Tag The WigWag Presence Tag is a compact device designed to track the arrival and departure for anything you attach it to, including pets, people, and things. Designed initially to work with the WigWag Relay, the Presence Tag is the ultimate tool to use in your rules. Rules : " When " the tag arrives or departs, "T hen " do something! With this tag, you can do simple things like turn on a light when you arrive home, close the garage door when you drive away, or shut stuff down when no one is home. Place a tag in your child's backpack and get an SMS when they arrive home or on your cat to tweet when they are out and about. With this tag, you can also do very powerful and useful stuff using Sensor Fusion. Have you ever left that important item behind, only to discover that it is missing at the most inopportune time? Wouldn't it be nice to get notified immediately when you have made such a mistake? For instane, what if you leave leave your laptop bag at home as you head off on your hour long commute to work? With WigWag this complex problem is simple to solve. Just write a Rule: between the hours of 8-5, M-F, When "bag-tag" present &amp; "car-tag" absent , send a text message notifying yourself of the error! Details Full disclosure: We are still prototyping this device. The images above are conceptual renderings for final version. Designed to operate on a coin cell battery, the device size will be kept as small as possible. Sporting a key ring style hook with a 360 degree spinning head, the tag should work well attached to luggage, key-rings a pet, or anything you dream up. To add the WigWag Presence Tag (or multiple) just increase your pledge in $30 increments. Refer to update #2 on how to increase your pledge. If you have any questions about anything, just contact us directly from the Kickstarter WigWag page. Next Up: $125,000 With this new item, can we streeeeeetch to $125,000? We will run a survey at the end of the campaign to clarify everyone's rewards. However you should update your reward now to help unlock the next stretch goal. We have some exciting things in mind for the presence tag, but need to hit $125K. Tell your friends. Tell your family. Tell your neighbors! lets make this happen. <url>"Then" events. Because this extension is digital, the sensor block automatically knows when you have plugged it in, so the extra relays appear automatically in the interface along side the existing Sensor Block relay. Direct Control &amp; Rules Relay switches can be controlled directly through the Control portion of the WigWag App just like lights, outlets and other devices. This extension gives you more of these controls (if you enable them) for applications such as multiple garage doors. You can also control them as a group. Details The included cable will be approximately 4 inches. It can be extended with a standard 4-conductor audio extension cable with 3.5mm mini-jack connectors. Wires are connected using standard three conductor phoenix blocks (see pic) just as on the Sensor Block's single relay switch. This add-on is typically used in a permanent installation situation, so you may desire to add an extra Sensor Block. If so refer to Update 2 concerning pledges. To add this device (or multiple) just increase your pledge in $30 increments. Refer to update #2 on how to update your pledges. If you have any questions about pledges, just contact us directly from the Kickstarter WigWag page. Next Up: The $100k Big Stretch First, let us say we are incredibly happy with the support we have had so far. As we go further it just let's us provide more capabilities to the WigWag platform sooner! We are getting really close to the $100,000 big stretch goal! New Device: Voting will close soon. It's looking pretty close and the voting will close soon. Refer to the last backer only update for more. The next updates are going to concentrate on: Interoperability with other platforms, development progress, and technical updates on the WigWag platform. Thank you! - WigWag Team P.S. Another great Austin project Austin based backers and those who are looking for high quality leather goods - another project from Satchel &amp; Page is on Kickstarter and blowing past their goals. Check them out - these look like fantastic 1940s leather bags and potentially great gifts! Goal Hit! New Add-On Unlocked! We reached 65k this morning! Next mini-stretch goal reached! Soil Moisture Sensor The soil moisture sensor will plug into the analog input of your Sensor Block. It uses analog so that it can see a lot of variations in moisture. You will be able to do things such as get a text when moisture drops to a certain threshold. Using sensor fusion (mentioned in the main copy of the project and to be discussed more in a later update) you could place Sensor Blocks w/ the soil moisture sensors around an area and then be alerted when, for instance, the average moisture arrives at a certain level. The sensor you see above is the internal component board, but the soil moisture sensor you will receive will have a plastic enclosure which will protect the cable connector and upper components from the elements. The sensor's distance can be extended with a standard 4-conductor audio extension cable with 3.5mm mini-jack connectors. The included cable will be at least 3m long. Pledges As you start seeing new sensor add-ons you may desire to add an extra Sensor Block. You may add-on an extra Sensor Block by increasing your pledge by $50. Refer to the last update, towards the bottom: Updating a pledge. If you have any questions about pledges, just contact us directly from the Kickstarter WigWag page . Next up: 400 backers! We aren't far from 400 backers! ...But we need your help to do it! Tell friends &amp; family! WigWag rewards should ship by November 2013 and would make awesome holiday gifts for the gadget lover! If you haven't done so, do a broadcast from here: <url>