Hi, A quick update with some more photos. To answer a few questions that I received on the last update: Yes, the disk tip is the same as the JaJa Pressure Sensitive Stylus , and it's very accurate. We will re confirm addresses prior to shipping - you can login to Backerkit to edit them if you need to. (use the email that you were using for Kickstarter when this program was funded) The O-rings are a friction fit for the cap. The fine point tip production parts will be available soon. I hope you like the look of the YuFu Note - here's a few more photos that I took today, the images hosted here are a little fuzzy so I have included links to high resolution versions. Thanks for your patience. Jon Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above Click here for a higher resolution version of the YuFu image above A quick update for you. These pictures show the metal disk tip, it's interchangeable with the brush, rubber and, for the YuFu Pro; the fine point tips. The O-rings are missing from these units, the O-rings secure the cap. The quality and feel of the pen is very high end and we're aiming at perfection - so this can take time, thanks for your patience. YuFu Note Stylus with Teflon Tip - Click here for a higher resolution image YuFu Note Stylus with Teflon Tip - Click here for a higher resolution image. YuFu Pro Stylus www.yufustylus.com is the world's best pressure sensitive stylus. YuFu Pro has the most accurate pressure sensor, gyro, compass and acceleration sensors, so Apps will know where your stylus tip is, and can sense tilt and brush angle. The YuFu has several replaceable tips so it will work for everybody on every screen. The YuFu Pro includes a rechargeable battery and a USB charger. The YuFu is available for pre-order at www.yufustylus.com Thanks Jon Hi Backers and Friends, A big thanks to all our patient backers, many of you have backed a few of my projects, I really appreciate all of your support! You are all not only helping build a product, but a platform of products for the future. The 3 products that I have in production have many common components and they each extend the functionality of your favourite phone or tablet beyond the confines of your pocket or backpack. Multiple Bluetooth StormTag s can deliver weather data to you, and share with the crowd. The aClock Bluetooth Alarm Clock extends the function of your calendar and reminders on your mobile device to your bedside - even when you leave your phone in the kitchen to charge. Finally the YuFu Bluetooth pressure sensitive stylus extends the functionality of the iPad for artists and creative professionals. The common thread is Bluetooth LE and the low power data communication it enables. My company is building a great platform which will integrate all of these products and build many more - I have bunch of exciting ideas in store after we ship our 2014 lineup! The YuFu stylus will have some incredible innovations; two pressure sensors - one in the tip and one in the grip for incredible control the amazing 2mm tip, with new levels of precision and accuracy a cap to protect your stylus tip and cover the power switch - no accidental switch ons. artists, animators and other creative professionals will find there is nothing that compares with the YuFu Pro. tilt sensors for calligraphy and brush weight gyro, compass and accelerometers to deliver flawless palm rejection - even "cursor hover" should be possible.(subject to App partners integration) Ok, so there's a reminder of what you will get when it ships... but, there have been some delays. As you may know, I have several pending patents on our own stylus technology, but to complete my vision and deliver the best product I decided recently to license some additional patents. The back story and details here are confidential, but ultimately our product will be better. So we made a few small changes to the engineering, to incorporate some of this technology. I've also added an exciting new feature which I will reveal soon - I guarantee you will love it :-) In the next week or so, I can confirm the delivery schedule. I apologise for the delay, but it will work out for the best. Thanks Jon Hi Backers! I'd like to share a little more information about the upgraded pressure sensitivity for YuFu . As I mentioned in the last update, we will now have two separate force sensors in both the grip and the tip. I'm pretty pleased with how this is coming along, I must admit to a few sleepless nights after deciding to add an extra sensor - they aren't cheap, but it will be awesome. Anyway, a few people had some questions which I will do my best to answer by way of some bullet points... You will not need to choose which sensor to use or to order, we will manage that in the firmware initially, but may make some choices available later in a firmware/app update. The tip sensor will operate by itself at all times that the fine point tip is inserted and in use. We may allow this to be switched off and use the grip sensor instead from within our setup App as an option, but probably not in V1 of the setup App. The grip sensor will operate by itself when the brush or rubber tips are inserted. It might be possible in the future to isolate these sensors, and use them at the same time for different functions, but it will be a firmware update and adjustable in our App. Obviously using the tip for line thickness and the grip for opacity would be cool, but very much App developer dependant! ( this is a possible, but not promised future feature ) Below is a pic of the final 4 layer printed circuit board design (there are two PCB) We'll be testing these and refining over the next few weeks. Also below is some info about our latest project - I hope you can back us for that project too, it really is very cool and I want one of these alarm clocks myself! :-) Tap Here to See Our Latest Project: aclock - The Alarm Clock Perfected! - E-ink Display - Syncs with iPhone Bluetooth - - Earlybirds Save $50 - FREE Shipping - With the free aclock App you can manage the time Unlimited alarms - the perfect travel alarm clock Sync with your calendar Edit snooze settings Custom Alarm tones Cool snooze and silence gestures All from your iPhone or iPad - Android coming soon! Syncs from 60ft with Bluetooth LE. Leave your phone out of the bedroom... and sleep without being disturbed! Hi Folks, This past month has flown by and we're well overdue for an update, so here goes... I travelled to Taiwan a few weeks back to inspect some factories - namely the CNC facility and our assembly plant. I was very happy to see that they produced very high quality products and parts, in fact high end camera parts are made in the same CNC plant. I am confident that the build quality of the YuFu will be great. Below you will see a few of photos showing the CNC facility and also a pic of Taipei 101 , the 2nd tallest building on earth, I can report that the elevator is extraordinary - 660metres per minute! Since returning, I've worked with our electronics engineer to shrink the electronics further. We've added a few layers to the PCB - which allows for the components to be placed closer together. I've also changed one of the larger components to improve battery life and allow us to reduce our PCB size a little. These changes won't really be seen in the final product, but performance will be better, although our build cost will be marginally higher. I'm also investigating a few minor changes to the power supply that will make for a much better product. More on that in a few weeks. I can announce that our ultrafine tip will be made from POM coated metal, so it will be more durable than rubber. The compound is also very quiet on the screen. To get just the right drag feel I would suggest choosing a screen protector that delivers the "grip" you prefer. I'll have some recommendations after our Beta testers have a go with the T1 versions of the YuFu. I hope to have the electronics finalised in the next week or two, after that we will have the proto boards sent to the developers for SDK coding - I'm hoping that we can keep on schedule during this phase - getting software to work exactly right with hardware is challenging. If you need assistance with anything please complete the form at HEX3 Support , we'll find it easier to get back to you quickly. Thanks Jon Hi Folks, I'm about to send out an email that contains a link to a survey we need you to complete. This survey will collect your color preferences for your YuFu and also allow you to order extra stylus, spare tips and cases - for anything that you may have missed. We have almost 40 separate SKU, so I am using Backetkit to help me keep track! I'm heading to Asia on Monday and wanted to get this going before I leave, PLEASE answer the questions as soon as you can, it will really help me get things going on schedule! Thanks Jon Woohoo! You guys did it! Windows drivers are a go! Tell your Windows 8 tablet owning friends - YuFu will be the first pressure sensitive for iOS, Android and Windows! Thanks for your support :-) Jon Hi Folks. Thanks to our awesome backers and the support from our friends at Juicies our campaign has jumped nicely past $100,000 going into Christmas - we just hit our first stretch goal -woohoo! :-) So now anyone who backs any stylus rewards will get a micro-fibre tip for their stylus as well as whatever they have already selected. You don't need to do anything - you just got upgraded... Please spread the word and let's see if we can hit the #2 Goal - support for Windows. We really appreciate your on-going support - let me take this opportunity to wish you and your families all the best for the festive season where ever you are in the world! Don't forget to download and print the gift card if you plan on giving the YuFu as a gift Thanks :-) Jon Hi Folks, A huge thanks to everyone that is supporting us with the new YuFu range - after all the hard work, it really is terrific to know that the YuFu is a sought after product! :-) If you want to add to, or mix and match rewards - for example a Nickel or Gold ART SET - just contact me with a private message, I can sort something out. Download your gift card here if you plan to give the YuFu as a gift - I've left plenty of room to customise or print extra messages. YuFu has been going so well that I thought you might like to see some stretch goals - if you know anyone using a Windows 8 tablet, they might want to hear this! :-) Stretch Goal #1 If we can hit $100,000 everybody wins! We'll create a new microfiber tip (6mm), and all backers will receive one! Microfiber tips glide smoothly over glass and are completely silent. Stretch Goal #2 If we hit $130,000 we'll create a Windows 8 Tablet driver so you you can use the YuFu on the new Windows 8 Tablets, even the larger ones that are coming out soon - as long as they support Bluetooth LE. Thanks for your continued support. Jon Hi Folks, I've been overwhelmed with the response to our YuFu Stylus range. It's rare for Kickstarter campaigns to hit their goal so quickly - so I am really grateful. Particularly after the very long hours we've spent in development. My sincere thanks to you all for the faith you've put in me to bring the worlds best stylus to market. So, what's next for the YuFu Kickstarter Campaign? :-) Glad you asked... We hit our funding goal so quickly that we're now moving forward with the production plans - I won't commit to faster delivery (although I will try), but I will guarantee a better product. All of the funds we raise from now on will be poured into software development and refining every single process to make sure you are 200% happy with your YuFu. If things keep going , I plan more colors and to spend more on SDK development, to bring more features to more platforms. I will update further on this next week. For now, what would I would really appreciate is a bit of sharing love! Please tip your favourite bloggers, share on Facebook, Tweet, Reddit, Art forums... and above all your friends - you've backed something wonderful, and your friends deserve to know ;-) A bit of press can be found here on Giga , here on Techcrunch and here on Geeky Gadgets Thanks! Jon Atherton