Work progresses on both KS projects. Real updates this weekend. Don't panic. -Paul I expect to have a completed PDF version in your hands the weekend of October 20th. And I will have additional preview pages made available to you before then as well. The maps are going to be done as PDFs this week, and I will distribute them as well. By the 20th, I should have a schedule as to when the maps and the main book will be ready. The illustrated novella is taking longer than planned, but it will get done, and shipped separately as soon as possible. My apologies for the delays, and my appreciation for the continued patience. -Paul See below a small sample of the weird-ass layout I am doing for Zombie Stomp and the Novella...yes, there will be some common elements used between them (as if I could avoid that) but the novella will also have a lot of stuff not in the book... Map samples tomorrow, really...:D I get all set to do an update after work last night and then the storms come in, knock out the power and internet. The power came back in a few minutes, but the Internet was out at home until sometime after I fell asleep waiting for it. (Oh, and the tornado that killed people was not near us (that was south of Ft. Worth and we are on the east side of DFW airport) but I appreciate the concern of those who messaged about that. We're fine, and only lost power for a while. No damage. And there are options available to assist the families hurt in all that, and I encourage you to support those.) My Health For those interested, the surgery was successful and the pain in my arm is gone! I'm still taking lots of pain killers, but now it is for the post-surgical stuff and that is (mostly) fading each day. I'll also toss in this - if you live in the DFW area and must have some kind of surgical procedure, you could do a lot worse than having it done at Victory Medical Center in Plano. Great staff, great facility...I don't gush about much, but this was by far the most pleasant hospital experience I can remember. The Rulebook The rules are virtually complete (I am adding a small something we came up with late) and layout is moving apace. The art work is in process, and we should have sample pages up through the weekend. I *think* have everyone's pictures, so there are no delays I see there. If you didn't send your picture in, you don't really have any time left - do it now! After Sunday will absolutely be too late. The Novella This is running slower, mostly due to the effect of painkillers on the creative process...apparently fist fulls of hydrocodone and tramadol are detrimental to coming up with effective prose. Who knew? I'm working on it alongside the rulebook, and once the layout is done there I can spend more time on that. The Maps These are virtually complete, and I should be sending them to the printer by the end of next week. I will toss up a couple more images for y'all soon too. The Figures There is a small delay here, but if I can't work that out quickly enough I will not delay the other parts for them. I have a Plan B for that if needed, but I won't share it until I'm certain i can't make Plan A work. Overall So we got delayed, and for that I am very grateful for everyone's patience. The whole arm pain/neck/nerve pinch/surgery/neck fusion saga took a lot out of me, and it bugs me more than all of you that it delayed the project. Expect to see some new pieces this weekend. A Bonus Michael Nunn (our art director) has two different projects he is working on relating to zombies. Once I know which will be done first, I'll let all of y'all know...and I'll be giving y'all a PDF of it as a "thank you" for the patience and support. Thanks! Paul Okay, I'm not dead, I'm not in Rio with all the loot, and I haven't given up on the project. Between surgery, recovering from surgery, and evil day job, I have not had time to update y'all. And I don't at the moment, either. Tonight I will post a comprehensive update. Thank you for your patience. -Paul Please see the below link for a miuch belated BONUS map...and a sincerely apology for the delay. CLICK HERE! I am working on getting back on track...hope this helps for y'all's massive patience...:D -Paul Very short update to explain why you haven't seen any updates from me recently. Apparently I somehow managed to pinch a nerve in my neck, and it is causing all kinds of pain in my neck, my shoulder, and down my arm. Some of it mirrors carpal tunnel, and its no fun. Using a mouse, for instance, can cause my arm to feel like its been hooked up to electricity. I've been to the Dr. a couple of times and am now sucking down painkillers like candy...and anti-inflammatory and muscle relaxants, too. Its a little better...so now I should be able to get back to it. My apologies for the delays...I should have some new stuff to show you tonight and through the weekend. -Paul We've smashed the $3000 Stretch Goal... ...and the locked in figure will be... A zombie version of the Alice figure we locked in at $2000! Tremendous Thanks to All of the Backers! If you would like the figure now that it is locked in, an additional pledge of $5 added to your total will make it happen for you! $3500 Stretch Goal! At $3500 we will produce an Illustrated Novella of the downfall of Romero...will this happen? A PDF version will be given to everyone for FREE should we reach this goal, and a printed version will be available for an additional $10 pledge. If all the backers added $10, we'd hit this immediately! $4000 Stretch Goal? Is $4000 in the cards? If we hit $4000, we'll do the 2nd place vote getter from the last poll - a figure based on Roddy Piper from "They Live." Thanks again to everyone for where we are! We're just 24 hours away from the end of this Kickstarter! What a run this has been! In less than 2 weeks we rushed past our base funding goal and added a whole stack of Stretch Goals! New Maps, a new figure, and more! Just to make sure everyone pledges for what they want, here is a run down of all the current add-ons. +$10 - add your kid as a Mall Rat or a Band Member +$10 - extra copy of the printed book +$50 - Starter Zombie Horde of 18 high quality Reaper Miniatures (by special arrangement) +$5 - Printed Parasol Industries facility map (PDF already included free) +$10 - Printed color MegaLoMart Map (PDF already included free) +$5 - Printed Diner Map (PDF already included free) +$5 - Printed City Hall map (PDF already included free) +$5 - new Zombie Stomper inspired by Alice (from the Resident Evil movies) When we reach the $3000 Stretch Goal, you'll be able to add that figure for another $5 (voting continues!). And when we reach the $3500 Stretch Goal, you'll be able to add a printed version of the Illustrated Novella for $10 (PDF of same included free). Will we make it? I sure hope so! Thanks again,and watch out for the Dead! -Paul Originally, I had offered that those that were pledged to the project when we hit $2500, if we hit that goal last Wednesday night, they would get 2 figures of their choice from the existing Vampire Hunter$ line FOR FREE! After some thought and a few questions, I have decided that EVERYONE who is getting a physical shipment from us (Reward Levels of $15 or more) will get those figures as well! Just another way of me saying "thank you!" to all of you...this has been a lot of fun so far, and it looks to only get better! Tomorrow at some point, I will post as an update two things - the history of PARASOL INDUSTRIES, and a short story about the last days of Romero High School's lunch lady titled "Today's Special"...:D (This story will also serve as an example of what I will be doing for many of you in the game...:D BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAhahahaha...ha...ha...ahem.) (And no, you can't get the Lunch Lady as your Reward Level...my wife requested that before we started, and since I like living here I said "okay..." :D) Thanks again for all the great support! We're less than 2 days from the Beginning of the End of Romero, Mississippi...:D We still have several prominent positions in Romero available, so let your friends and family know if you think they might want to be a part of it! When we hit $3000, we'll lock in another miniature (Zombie Alice has taken the lead in the voting!)! Once he or she is locked in, you'll be able to get one for a $5 additional pledge. And when we hit $3500, we'll add an Illustrated Novella that tells the tale of end of Romero in words and pictures. Everyone will get the PDF of it for free, and you'll be able to buy a limited edition printed version for a $10 additional pledge. This project is only succeeding because of you, and for that I am truly grateful. If you would like to see the additional items from the Stretch Goals,I ask your help to achieve them as well. And get them Zombies before they get you! We've already come a long way, and for that I truly have to thank you all! We're currently working on the $3000 Stretch Goal...if you'd like to see us lock in another figure, then please help get the word out! Also, voting continues...currently Roddy Piper leads by 2 votes, followed closely by Zombie Alice! But anyone that got about 6 more votes would definitely take the lead, so don't give up hope! Find your friends, stuff the ballot box, and make it happen! This project wraps up on Sunday night at 8PM CST...help us reach for the stars! We've achieved the $2500 goal! That unlocked stat cards for all of the existing Vampire Hunter$ figures as well as guaranteed all backers pledging at least $5 for Zombie Stomp a copy of the PDF for Vampire Hunter$ when it comes out in the Fall! And now on to $3000! We're moving on toward the $3000 goal, which is to lock in another figure...and here is the link to the Poll! CLICK HERE! And after that, it's $3500 and the Illustrated Novella! :D Okay...here's a challenge...if we get to $2500 tonight, I'll give everyone who is an active backer and receiving some kind of physical product from the project their choice of TWO of the current Vampire Hunter$ miniatures for FREE. As the price is actually going up, that's $8 in free metal...so can we find a few more backers tonight? :D We've raced past the $2000 mark and we're locking in the first Stomper. After the voting (and a piece of information came to me that broke a tie), the first Stomper will be ...&lt;drumroll&gt;.... based on... ALICE! (Y'all can tell me which outfit you like the best, but I think the classic is a god place to start...:D) Thank You All! The Secret Goal at $2500 will be revealed later this afternon...BWAHAHAHAhahahahahaha..ha...ha...ahem. I've added all the roles I am going to, so if you want a chance to be a named part of Romero, Mississippi and it's downfall, this will be it. Oh, and if you really wanna be a Zombie, we can help you out there, too! Voting Voting is almost done...as we are almost at the goal for the first locked in figure...besure and get your vote in soon and help us lock it in! CLICK HERE! Amazing! We've smashed the $1750 goal, and now we'll have maps of the Diner and City Hall to die, err, fight in! Everyone getting any version of the rulebook or better will get these as PDFs for NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE! $2000 and the FIRST STOMPER! At $2000 we'll lock in the first stomper, and we need your help! Even if you don't plan on getting the figures, we still want your votes! Tell your friends! Vote Chicago style (early and often!)! CLICK HERE! Once we have the goal locked in, I will give you a 3-6 hour warning and then the first poll will be over! We just smashed through $1500 like a train, and are moving quickly to $1750...and I've made it better! At $1750, this will unlock maps of both the Diner and City Hall in color. Anyone who is getting a rulebook in any form will receive the PDFs for NO additional charge, and printed versions will be available for a $5 additional pledge for each. And at $2000 we will unlock our first miniature! Speaking of which, here is the link to the poll: CLICK HERE! Thanks for the Amazing Support! Assuming we hit the $1500 Stretch Goal, we will unlock the map of the MegaLoMart...and here is a sample of the map artist's work! Definitely worth it! First Stretch Goal Smashed! Well, as I write this, we're $5 away from the first Stretch goal...so as far as I'm concerned we've hit it! The map of the Parasol Industries facility will be created and included as a PDF for everyone! If you want the printed color version of the map, increase your pledge a mere $5 for it and it shall be yours! 11 x 17, full color, and marked with 1" squares for ease of play! Second Stretch Goal Now In Our Sights! $1500 This will unlock a completely redone map for the MegaLoMart, done in color. Everyone who gets a book of one version or another will receive the PDF for no additional charge. And the printed version will be available as well for a $10 additional pledge. And Add Ons! After several Requests, I've added 2 Add-Ons - extra books, and bringing in your kids! For an additional pledge of $10 each, you can add an additional printed copy of the rules to your pledge... and For $10 per kid, you can have us add your kid as a Band Member or a Mall Rat! Now your kids can join you in the upcoming misery that is Romero, Mississippi! Let us know which you prefer and we'll get 'em in the game! And An Additional Bonus Freebie! We've decided that we will be making character cards not just for the characters we had planned, but also for everyone one of the named reward levels that people take us up on, as well as for all the kids who get spaces, too! Yet another way to achieve Immortality! Thanks again for all your amazing support! Thank you to all of you! I am humbled and gratified by your response to the project, and reaching the initial funding level in just 2 days is just Amazing...:D I've reworked the Stretch Goals (I had made a boo-boo and left something in at $1250 that did *not* make sense...) and so now we will see how many of those we will be able to hit! The first one, at just $1250, will be a map of the Parasol Industries facility, just outside town. Parasol Industries is the world's largest commercial enterprise, and they are involved in businesses ranging from defense contracts to genetic manipulation, chemical companies to retail stores, just to name a few. They are the parent company of many big companies you know, including the beloved MegaLoMart chain. Parasol Industries maintains the facility in Romero in support of Camp Carpenter, and the Corman Advanced Chemical Weapons Center. No oneis quite certain what they do there, but we're all sure that it is legal, above board, and above reproach. Right? The PDF of the map will be included for no additional charge for everyone getting at least the PDF rulebook, and a printed version of the map will be available as an add-on for $5 added to your pledge. So thank you again for your support, I think you'll like what we're doing! -Paul