Will this fit the iPhone 11 pro ? I'm still waiting.... I kept my old iPhone 4 just in case you decide to revive from the dead and ship these out to us. Worth a shot. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Can't believe I came and checked for an update. This project was fraudulent, so why did I think there would be an update. Why hasn't Kickstarter responded to this situation to facilitate a resolution? there IS an email for this "Alex" person. he IS associated with the project ( even has it in HIS profile ) perhaps someone with a legal connection could email him. ( alexwerbickas(at)gmail.com ) really disappointed in how this project has turned out... taken my money and run Oops, that first link should be: <url>"building a better business through crowdfunding" at a design conference. I suppose it's Graduate Armstrong State University, not Georgia Tech. More misdirection from his profile, lol. The account hasn't been logged in in over a year. I think contacting Georgia Tech may be in order to inform them that one of their (former?) students has scammed 389 people out of their money. I doubt they would want that type of association. Does anyone here know how to go about contacting his school regarding this matter? Do we need to start filing lawsuits and getting the FTC involved ? This seems like fraud, and there is no courtesy of even keeping the backers updated. <url>"maybe" left in any of us, let us know what is going on!! Total scam This is absolutely ridiculous. I have been patient and understanding, but this has gone to far. Last response I saw was from June!!! Please tell us what is going on! Hey joe! Did you order a iPhone 6 or 6+ ? <url>#.VBEgZEtO66A Joe somehow had my post removed the popular site Kickscammed.com... The project needed to be posted on the site to make everyone aware it failed and there is still no action after almost 2 years. Did you watch the event joe? Life Spot - KS project is issuing a refund since they will not be able to deliver the product; <url>"Founders" level of disappointment. No update in 10 months and radio silence to any comments or questions on here! Very poor customer service and very little compassion or consideration for any of the packers who supported you. You'll never succeed if this is your work ethic! Sorry, sounds like you need to take a loan out to refund. You may not be in a position - but according to Kickstarter, if you cannot fulfill, you need to refund. What about those of us that gave you the money and trusted in you?- heading your way to a bit of a lawsuit if you don't figure this out. So now he's selling that POS metal thing on Stack Social... <url>"not posting and update because there is nothing to update" philosophy is full of crap and just serves to anger us backers even more. At this point, you might as well sell more XiStera products to generate enough cash to repay all the ZOpro backers you have been teasing for the past two years. It's time to refund all the backers since you are unable to deliver the promised product. We've seen 2 updates since update #14 which happened a year ago. Joe. How about an update? You are lumping yourself with the lowest tier of Kickstarter... Oh look, Mario's link suggest that a lawsuit could do the job. Looks like someone else also promised stuff but because of the lack of experience they didn't fulfil the orders and ended up bankrupt and jobless... Fascinating what lack of experience can do to you when you play with other people's money... <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." Sounds like you "cannot" due to the length of time overdue, and from the scant details in your updates. Please refund me. Whatever, Joe - just post UPDATES. If its not dead, post things at least 1X a month- its been since last november. A little communication and respect goes a long way - you have done neither. 'we will be able to move on to the next gen iPhone tooling' - sorry, but I don't think I'll be having one of your cases for my next phone. I appreciate your efforts, but I just put this down to experience and think carefully about backing other projects now. He can't give a refund on money that's already been spent, and that would only postpone the cases longer I'm going to have to agree with Parisri too here I would like a full refund as well I hate to say it but at this point I'm with Parisri. By the time a case is made etc, I'll have moved on to another phone. Time to throw in the towel and give the pledges back. I would like my money back. We've been more than patient. I want you refund my money. Joe, as I'm not an original XiStera backers, I'm unable to read the update as to why the unit is delayed. Can up update those who've swapped here too? Are the Xistera units still on track to be shipped to the UK this week for those who decided to swap projects? So I just read all of these responses. I think it only makes sense to just drop this project. Everyone is right, it's over dude the iPhone 6 is only a few short months away! You won't be able to afford retooling and everything to redesign a new case - so just drop it. Be honest, put money and time elsewhere. Definitions of fraud and scam aside, what is the status of the project? Is everything still being manufactured? Are some parts ready and others not? What are the timelines of when the products will be finished, when they will be shipped to you, and when individual pledges will be shipped to us? While I can begrudgingly accept that this is a frustrating situation for all parties involved, posting what you have done does not bring us any peace of mind. Instead, post of what you plan to do. Like you mentioned in your last update (four months ago...), transparency is important and the more you tell us, even if it is just a weekly update saying there is nothing to update, goes a long way. Agreed. Fraud and scam are not really appropriate here in my opinion. Even though I'm frustrated with this like most people I do have to side with joe on the fraud/scam thing, that's a harsh exaggeration at best hate to do this - but I came across this site kickslammed.com. Check it out for other projects that haven't delivered. <url>"backers" are willing to cut their losses if you do a partial fulfillment. The iPhone 6 is just around the corner and your iPhone 5 case will be rendered useless and a waste of funds. You need to make a business decision fast. The user will have about 6 months or so left with this case if they choose to upgrade. So if you want to even keep a larger fraction of your backers happy, partial fulfillment might be the key. You've reached the point where you're not going to satisfy everyone (anyone) You need to make a wise business decision. Think carefully. ( not too long or else people will freak out again ) But again, with all due respect, until you provide a product, you sir are fraud. I opted to swap and I still haven't received anything, so still a year and a half down the line with nothing to show for it! This joe Adams is a fraud. He keeps saying money this money that. Joe, get a loan from the bank. Sell your items, put some items on the line if you REALLY believe in this product. Spend money to make money. High risk, high return. Do you need any more cliches ? I've just decided that this is my punishment for trusting a scam artist/thief such as joe Adams. Joe Adams is a fraud Joe Adams is a thief Joe Adams is a scam artist Joe Adams, I am calling you out. If you think I'm wrong. Prove it. Otherwise those facts I stated above are true. I know that I am not going to see my money returned. Nor am I going to see the product, the "replacement" product is an ugly piece of scrap metal. Joe, we all know the case is a bust. Send me the lenses, and a lightning cable and I'll be out of your hair ( which you should have none left due to the stress and frustration this project SHOULD have caused ) @JayC there's a difference between demanding a refund or feeling that you are entitled to one, and simply asking. I'd like one too, but I realize that it's almost certainly impossible at this point. What part of Kickstarter's terms of service do you people asking for refunds not understand? Kickstarter clearly says that these projects are not guarantees of success. It annoys me as much as everyone else on here that this project was a total fail, but asking for your money back is like trying to get money back from Bernie Madoff. Actually it's even harder because Madoff never indicated that he was working a ponzi scheme. By funding on Kickstarter, you assume the risk that the project will never deliver. If you want change, contact Kickstarter. But asking for a refund at this point is like trying to shout over the waves. I would like my money back. We've been more than patient, and with the upcoming iPhone release sometime this year, there is NO POINT in expecting this product just to throw it in a drawer because it is not needed any longer. Please REFUND my money. <email> = PayPal. Can you just paypal me my money back? What a bust... Maybe too late but is there an option that you can just send me your other project? The XiStera? I agree short life span, I should have just gotten a olloclip instead At this point we will be lucky to get six months out of the case before the iPhone 6 comes out. Very disappointing. I agree. Can we have some explicit details ASAP? No update in 4 months, almost a year and a half down the line and absolutely nothing more than "we'll let you know soon" type answers. A second project already shipped. Come on folks, I think if you can't give a definitive date/answer by now then you should maybe be a bit more honest. Not cool when will we receive the case for iphone 5/5s? Any idea when those in the UK who switched to the XiStera can expect their unit? I know it's soon, but a date would be nice! Hello, I originally backed this project when I was in high school, now I am in college. I am still supporting this project until I get my case, but in the mean time could you please do an official update? The BIG plus for you guys is that you respond to comments. More communication is better than less; it helps to manage peoples concerns and expectations. In my experience most project originators respond too infrequently so I tip my hat to you for your communication. I've backed 24 projects, 4 of them are a year or over a year late and one decided not to ship anything. In the past I have not been too concerned because I backed the Pebble watch (which was a year late in delivery) and it is a fantastic product but with a 25% track record of projects being a year late and the likely-hood that they will not deliver anything at all, I fear that I am going down the negative trail with others. While I understand that Kickstarter is not a store, there are "Rewards" promised for money provided. I have STOPPED funding projects except those supporting what I feel are worthy causes (Looking At The Stars, the Story of a Brazilian Ballet School for the Blind) and only visit Kickstarter to view all of the late projects that I have funded with a fleeting hope that a quality "Reward" may be delivered. what is happening with this project?? Can you give me an idea of when us none US will receive our XiStera units if we have opted out of this project? How? It's a bugger that this was the first project I've backed...it's put me off backing others...not sure how you can chase money for other projects before delivering on this... Can you give me an idea of when us none US will receive our XiStera units if we have opted out of this project? > Although we cannot use funds from XiStera for ZOpro we will be able to use distribution profits to help ZOpro through the final steps to completion and fulfillment. kind of vague. "final steps" could be indefinite. any ideas about timeline? Investment, even on a micro level like Kickstarter, is always a risk... If you read Kickstarter's terms of service, they tell you openly that they do not take responsibility for unsuccessful campaigns. The bigger risk to take to take, however, is tackling a project like the one Joe has. I understand everyone's frustrations with not having their product yet, but the man is doing his best to explain the burden he has taken on by trying something. In comparison, it's much riskier than spending 6 Hamiltons on a phone case. I appreciate this dude, though I have no idea who he is. It makes me happy to support those willing to attempt something new and difficult rather than being employed to build someone else's dreams. Thank you, Joe for being so upfront and responsive in this whole process. I'm still psyched to get my case, but I'm more psyched to offer support for your amibitions. And if they don't like the samples? @David Ohayon - I have funded (at current count) 76 projects, including the infamous Pebble smartwatch. Of the 76, probably less than 10% failed to fund fully and 3 are still in funding status (recent backings). So I've probably had over 60 projects that I've paid into. Of these projects, there are only a small handful that I'm still awaiting a reward from, and the ZoPro is one. I am fully expecting that the iPhone 6 will be released before this project ever completes. At this point, the money I've paid to the project is basically burned. Because of ZOpro (and one other project), I've become very hesitant to contribute to projects that are based in any way around technology. Which is a shame because projects like this basically turn people like you into skeptics/nonbelievers, and worthy projects die because of bad experiences with prior kickstarters that never delivered. @Kai Gait - I very much doubt you will be able to file a claim against your CC company since Kickstarter is, by definition, a funding platform and not a store. The fact that these projects include a reward is not a sign that they are committing to deliver anything and Kickstarter most especially is not. We are now a month after Update 16. Do you have any new news or any sort of a timeline? Even if the dates are not firm I would rather have approximations than nothing. hate to add to the onslaught of negative comments here, but i'm with Mario down there, this was the first and only project i have backed and am having a pretty miserable experience. obviously i know that this is not indicative of every kickstarter campaign, but i guess it just sucks to see you guys focusing on another product before ours has even shipped. all that said, do you have an update as to ship dates? i know that my amex will give my money back, but that clearly doesn't help your cause. i think your idea is awesome, and while execution is clearly the biggest issue, i think you guys need to keep your "transparency" mentality going a little stronger and provide some more regular updates at the very least to keep your backers sane, and at the most to keep us happy. holler when you guys can give us some more concrete information BUT also please holler when you can tell us what the current status is, which in theory, should be today, tomorrow or any other day that you guys are working on this project which i imagine (and hope) is every damn day. JFDI. I'm wondering if I can reclaim the cost from my credit card company as this project is beginning to feel like a scam. I'm well aware of the risks involved in funding projects, but nearly 12 months for a phone case is ridiculous. Are we any closer to a shipping date? Hi Joe, Will it be this year? "Meeting was pushed off of Friday due to a power outage at their factory and our contact said "see you in a week" basically because of the National Holiday over there and they will be back in on the 5th. Frustrating but not something we can control. Will update after that meeting." We never got any update and you can't say ill keep you in dark due to "not having firm info" !? We are talking here about 1 year delay and 15 updates in that one year. Com' on, i understand that you want to make perfect product but not delivering any info ain't the way. Well, at least you guys are still communicating. I'm sure all of us are disappointed with the delays, but look on the bright side. At least it's not a scam like the Founders playing cards project, right? Enough bull. Timelines, and estimated delivery please. It sucks that this was the first thing I backed...have been tempted to back others but haven't because this is getting a bit ridiculous. Okay. Stick with something and deliver. We just want our cases now. Few months late I agreed with others "give them a break they are working hard to deliver a quality product". Now it's almost a year late. Ship shitty cases who gives a fuck. I just want my damn case. naming other projects does not change the fact that this is an extremely late product. the cable has been changed countless of times, how do i know it won't be changed anymore? In addition to dates, I would also like to know what, if anything, you have decided to do about the iPhone 6. You mentioned a while ago you were thinking of an exchange program, is that still on the table? Spending fifty bucks on a case that I'll be using for less than a year is not...ideal. And do you think you will have an updated version of the case for the new iPhone in a reasonable amount of time? Joe I appreciate the update but your comments haven't told us anything about estimated dates etc! We are none the wiser as to when we can expect our ZOpro? Are we talking weeks/months??? It would be nice to know! Ladies and gentlemen - congratulations to those who had a very first and disappointing Kick Starter experience. This is what Kick Starter is about - you pay and more often than not, you get nothing. Put it down to experience, learn from it, make a t-shirt so you can say you've got it (just don't buy it on Kick Starter) and abandon all hope on ever getting the case or getting it before you upgrade your phone to a model not compatible with it. Let's face it - these guys are not going to make any money from this case. They don't have enough time to market their company having only another 11 months of iPhone 5S case sales. They smartest thing they can do is wrap it up and say 'good bye' before the project costs them any more money. If we ever get the cases they will probably be 'imperfect' protos. It happens to most startups that don't really know what they are doing and don't have the cash to burn to achieve their goals. Never mind... Hi Joe, What's going on? Some info would be nice. "they will be back in on the 5th. Frustrating but not something we can control. Will update after that meeting." It's now the 19th, that meeting should've happened 14 days ago. Where is the update? Update....? I want to refund, please. So it's been 30 days since the apple announcement and not a word? It's been about 8 months late.... When will we have a for sure shipment date? ok Do you recommend any particular car mount to use with the magnetic mount built into the ZOpro? I was really hoping to have this soon. I have a backpacking trip and a vacation to the carribiean coming up next month (Oct) that I really wanted to use the my ZOpro on these trips. Not looking good. :( updates? Joe - thanks for the reply, and I do appreciate all the things you've said. But like Rowan pointed out, charging does not happen after getting that message. Dismissing it doesn't magically make the cable work for charging and/or syncing. This will be a REAL problem as it would ruin the entire point of backing and owning this product. I have a number of unofficial cables which bring up this warning message! I am on ios7 Gold Master and after dismissing these messages am still unable to use the cables! I do not remember reading anywhere that these cases were only meant to be used in 'emergency' situations and believe like probably many others that these cases would be hassle free charging tools? If we will be presented with a warning message, how can you be confided they will continue to charge if not fully authorised by Apple? So... iOS 7 doesn't allow lightning cables that are not authorized. Is the ZoPro going to be FULLY authorized so that we can actually use the product? If not, you're going to have 389 people revolt. I'm already annoyed at how long it's taken and have been without a case on my phone because I put false hope in this project almost a year ago. Apple have posted the official iPhone 5s schematics so nothing to stop production now? So would be nice not to have to wait a full year before we receive our cases! <url>"The next day". Uh, feel like letting us in on that decision? Any update ? Please When are we expecting an update? iphone 5 cases area meant to be send out next month and the 4/4s cases still haven't been sent out? At the very least we deserve an update! @David Just be a little more patience. but honestly if they told us it would take this long, i would still order it. its a great idea. Just hope it still gets made. So still no update on 4/4S? Past due After waiting for more than a month, the 4/4S backers definitely do not deserve no product. We've upheld our end of the agreement. If nothing else, I would still like to obtain the lenses. Even if you refund all of us 4/4S-ers. Perhaps that would be a better compromise then sending us nothing at all. We supported a project that reached its funding goal, you knew before the project ended how many 4S backers there where and yet you still took our money and promised a Christmas delivery date than a January delivery date. Now they may not be made at all? That's poor business tactics in my opinion, no matter how much of a "hit" you'll take you need to honor your commitment to us. You sold us a 4S case and we deserve to receive the product. Our responsibility was to pledge and pay, we held up our end you should hold up yours no exceptions. I will be furious if after all this time and delays you refund the 4S backers. I was one of the first people to pledge, and I spread the word to many websites. Your backers aren't at fault in this and shouldn't be punished for false commitments. If refunds are issued I as well as most backers will be extremely disappointed, hope that isn't what the group decides on. Christmas gift turn in to valentines gift. What a fail. This user's account has been deleted. Getting close to the 15th..... If the news about the 4 is that you are not going to produce it, please don't drag this out. Just let us know and issue refunds. 1 month since the last update. Any news? updates for first backer rewards? My iphone 4s was lonely this christmas. any news on the iphone 5 cases? Just a quick question, after we receive the case and want to purchase the lenses or other accessories, will we be able to? This user's account has been deleted. Any idea when we will get this? (first backer iphone 4s).......... Since you guys moved the date back. WooHoo! Funding complete! Cannot wait to get this case! Congrats, guys! Super excited to back this. I love kick starter and I back frequent projects and I'm very excited about this one. Keep up the good work. We will get the Zopro before christmas if we got the "first backer award" ? Cool beans. Last question. Is there any chance that it will come earlier then Feb? Hi Adam. I would like to get the handle mount. How do i indicate that i would like one? I have the First Backer Reward for the iPhone 4S (December delivery) do we get to pick a color? Or is the first batch Black only? (The blue looks awesome) Thanks Congrats on passing your goal! no problem, these cases are going to be awesome! congrats on reaching your goal!! i cant wait to get my case in December Congratulations, guys! Can't wait til February!! We we get the Zopro for the iphone 4s before christmas? -David $15,061...congrats on reaching your goal! would love to get my hands on this case and camera attachments in time for my trip at the end of february. are you able to source the lightning components in time? Hey quick question, I just received to emails from Amazon that I pledged $60 twice, can you check and see if that is the case, I only wanted to pledge once. I checked amazon and it showed no record because there has been no money taken out yet until you are fully funded. I would appreciate any help with this matter. I look forward to the success of your product. It's extremely rare to see a an amazing design that is both sleek and incredibly functional. WOW!!!! PS. The charging cable is just the icing on the cake considering how quickly the i5 seems to eat up juice! Hi Joe, Very much looking forward to this. I think it's one of the best solutions for iphoneographers to have a case and various lenses integrated into one unit that I've seen so far. Congratulations, and I'm looking forward to getting my i5 case in the new year. Since you were so kind to respond i have one more question. The magnet on the back looks like it has grooves for the lens to fall into. I have a hard time with lining up the lens to the sticky iphone magnet. Does this snap in place for a perfectly lines up photo and is the magnetic hold nice and strong (comparable to the usual sticky magnet)? Thanks Joe! Would it be crazy to ask for a case with just the magnetic lens part and no cable? I have been hunting for a magnetic case for awhile now. Thank you for the Great project! The Upgrade proof package is for people that have an iphone 4/4S but think they will eventually get an iPhone 5. So it includes (2) cases, one for a 4/4S and one iphone 5 case but only one set of accessories (tripod mount w/ handle and both lens). I dont understand the 70 dollar reward. what is an upgrade proof? Will delivery in dec be really possible? Since funding ends in dec itself only. Also, regarding the tripod mount, is I possible to attach the phone with cover to the magnetic strip in portrait orientation too? Most pics here show it in landscape position on the tripod mount only. Thanks Thanks for the reply! I'm so happy and grateful as I got in for the $50 reward as the last person! 1 of 50 left when I bought it! I usually miss out on the best deals on kickstarter! Will we get the choice of the case colour or will we all get black? Thank you! This looks like an amazing product, keeping my fingers crossed that this will get funded so I can get my hands on one! If this is successful when do we get charged? Thank you!