Introducing the Avegant Glyph Since the beginning of personal display technology, screens have been getting smaller and closer to our eyes but with one limitation: image quality. At Avegant we've solved that problem using a new technology that mimics the way that we as humans naturally see light. Using a Virtual Retinal Display we've figured out how to project images directly onto your retina, creating sharp, stark images unlike anything you've seen before. Over the past two years we've worked to miniaturize the technology to fit into a portable headset good for mobile or home use. The product of our work is the Glyph. Combining a unique flip-down form factor, super sharp imagery and premium noise-cancelling audio, we created a device that is a revolution in personal display technology. The Glyph uses a simple HDMI input to display anything in your content library, from the movies that you already own to streamed Netflix over your iPhone to the desktop environment in your Mac or PC. The Glyph is also great for gaming, whether in playing Call of Duty Ghosts on your Playstation or Real Racing on your mobile phone. And with an integrated 9 Degree of Freedom head-tracker, a whole world of interactive gaming, Point of View (PoV) imaging and interactive storytelling is within our reach. And this is just the beginning. The future of content possible with the Glyph is limitless. Imagine directors being able to produce 360° movies where you can not only watch actors interact in a cafe but look around the environment as the story unfolds around you. Imagine integrating an LTE chip into the Glyph and making calls straight from your headset. Imagine integrating a camera on the front of the visor and clicking a button to see not just the world in front of you but ultraviolet and infrared signatures in real time. Backers of this project are more than consumers and testers. You're investing in the future of display technology and participating in what can change the world of vision as we currently know it. We'll make you part of that community as we build it from the ground up, from interactive testing and feedback to online forums to member-only events and perks. At the end of this campaign, those who pledge $499 or more will receive a fully functional Beta Glyph Prototype, a device that integrates fluidly with any content of your choice, displays vivid 3D and symbolizes the first step in truly integrated and stylish mobile near-eye display technology. Accolade from the Media Reviewed.com, part of USA TODAY, January 9th - Editor's Choice Award at CES: "As far as clarity, there is definitely a 'wow factor' when you first experience the image projected by the Glyph. It’s quite amazing to realize that you aren’t staring at a screen, and that the projected image is reflecting off the back of your retina. Since it projects into each eye independently, you can view images and video in full 3-D." THE VERGE, December 18th: “The picture I see already looks beautiful: high-res, colorful, and accurate, with none of the screen-door effect or pixellation of a device like the Rift.” What is a Virtual Retinal Display? Click to Enlarge The Glyph's Virtual Retinal Display uses one million micromirrors in each eye piece to reflect a sharp, vivid and lifelike image directly onto the back of your retina. It's an advanced, safe and innovative process that results in extremely comfortable light yielding very little eyestrain. Users of the Glyph prototypes have worn devices comfortably for hours with no nausea or disorientation when transitioning back to normal vision. Watch this video to see how it works. What To Expect From The Deliverable Glyph Beta We've spent a long time perfecting the science and the design that goes into the Glyph, and we're proud to bring you a device that reflects our passion. The Glyph Beta that you receive in the mail later this year will have all of the trademarks of a fully developed and tested product, including re-engineered ergonomics and a slimmer, more efficient design than what you see above. Compared to the physical alpha prototype now in our hands, Avegant plans to deliver: A comfortable, balanced fit that applies minimal pressure to the user's nose and ears while still looking great Slimmer ear cans reduced approximately 50% in thickness A thinner, more lightweight visor with a cover that minimally impacts your head and hair during audio mode use One slim cable that connects to either an HDMI cable or an audio jack Renderings of the deliverable beta prototype that you'll get are on our homepage! Glyph Beta Product Specifications We need to be clear with one thing: what you'll receive at the end of this year is a beta product. The Glyph Alpha works magnificently in its current state and will be an order of magnitude better when it reaches your hands as the Glyph Beta. But it's still going to be a beta device with room for growth. Backers of this project are early testers and adopters. We hope to work with you over and after the campaign to learn about your experiences, refine the product and help bring this to the mainstream store shelves. It should be a great adventure. Here's what you can expect to receive. General Weight: 16oz Color: White, Black or Blue Video Display Technology: Micromirror Array Resolution: WXGA (1280 x 720) per eye Contrast Ratio: >1000:1 Total pixels: 1,843,200 Refresh Rate: up to 120 Hz Horizontal Field of View: 45° Audio Sound Output Mode: Premium Stereo Frequency Response: 20 - 20000 Hz Dynamic Range: 115 dB Microphone: Built-in Connectivity: wired over HDMI or TRRS audio cable Miscellaneous IPD Adjustment: Yes 50-75mm Diopter Adjustment: +2 to -6 Headtracking: 9 DOF IMU output via Bluetooth or hardwired Head strap: Optional head strap included Connections Video: Single HDMI connection Power: microUSB Audio: 3.5mm TRRS jack (stereo-plus-mic) Power Power/recharge via microUSB cable Onboard battery provides 3 hour runtime The Development Process With a strong staff of dedicated engineers, Avegant has been aggressively iterating on the Glyph design over the last two years. It started with a proof of concept on a benchtop: Avegant's Technology Demonstration Unit, Complete January 2013 We were then able to miniaturize the technology into an engineering proof of concept. The Glyph Engineering Prototype, Complete August 2013 Next, we started to build in features, including the flip-down form factor and integrated audio. We took this technology to CES in Las Vegas. The Glyph Alpha Prototype, Complete January 2014 Throughout this year we'll be taking our support from Kickstarter and using it to refine and optimize the design. The Glyph Beta that you receive will be subjected to a full course of ergonomic testing and redesign where we'll carefully balance the comfort and fit. We'll also redesign the optics to accommodate a wider range of inter-pupillary distances. Finally, we'll slim down the ear cans to 50% of their current thickness and decrease the thickness of the optics in the visor to ensure a better fit. Renderings of the deliverable beta prototype that you'll get are on our homepage! The Glyph for Developers All new hardware projects require developers to push the envelope of the technology in order to create the best experiences possible. At Avegant, we're excited to support developers and work with the community as the platform grows. Getting started as a developer is simple; the only hardware you need is a Glyph! We've intentionally created the Glyph Beta with a form factor that works fluidly with any HDMI input, making the device simple to use with any source. While we are currently compatible with a range of apps and platforms, we hope developers will create custom software that takes full advantage of the Glyph. This includes wide integration with our head-tracking in conjunction with a full spectrum of devices. We see major opportunities in this realm with huge potential growth, for example with mobile support so that head-tracking can be embedded into more 360 video apps and Point of View (POV) games. We can't wait for some of you to make a golf game that uses the sensors within a phone along with head-tracking to create a 360 degree simulation of the PGA Master's or a light saber fighting game where the 3D buzzing sound moves from ear to ear as we hack and slash our way through the future. During the campaign, we'll be building out a developer's forum and engaging a feedback mechanism for our early adopters to interface directly with our engineering team. We are also looking to any developers that join us on Kickstarter to help us target the software environments that they are passionate about so we can work on integration for those first. The Glyph for First Person View Applications Integrated head tracking and high-end video opens the door to a wide range of First Person View (FPV) applications for the Glyph. We stopped by Skyspecs in Ann Arbor to get an idea of how drone technology can be improved using the Glyph How We'll Use Your Support Prototyping and testing a piece of consumer electronics is a time and cost intensive process. Our initial research and prototyping brought us to the alpha stage of development. We proved that the science worked, which is the biggest risk in a project like this. Now we need to ramp up production and make sure that the fit is good for a wide range of consumers. Your money will help us expand out our prototype base to perform a full design of experiment on fit and function. We're working with Tekna, an industrial design firm in Michigan with broad experience in designing medical devices, to find the materials and ergonomics for the best look and fit. We also need to set up and organize our manufacturing. Currently, we're proud to be designing and manufacturing the Glyph in the United States, but to plan for the future we need to identify and engage with manufacturers around the planet to ramp up large-scale manufacturing. Along the way, we'll also allocate engineering cycles to rebuilding the electronics in order to slim down the weight and lower the profile of the device. More Reviews from the Media So far our Engineering and Alpha Prototypes have received much accolade from the press. CNET profiled us live at CES: CNET, January 6th: "...the projected image, just like my last time with Avegant's virtual retinal display tech, was exceedingly bright and vivid, lacking any sense of pixelation." THE VERGE, December 18th: “The picture I see already looks beautiful: high-res, colorful, and accurate, with none of the screen-door effect or pixellation of a device like the Rift.” ENGADGET, December 18th: “…the company’s latest reveal has us throwing balls of cash at the screen.” TESTED, November 12th: “Objects in focus looked much sharper than I would expect from 720p, and with the interpupilary distance adjusted, there was no crosstalk that I could see in the 3D. But more importantly, my eyes weren’t strained and I actually could let my pupils comfortably wander and focus on different parts of the image.” ROAD TO VR, November 12th: “…it was one of the most vivid and natural things I’ve ever seen on any display.” DISCOVERY NEWS, October 11th: “Each projected images offers two times the resolution of competing head-mounted displays, plus a seamless image compliments of precise pixel blending.” DVICE, October 10th: “Avegant’s prototype Virtual Retinal Display (VRD) is not your run-of-the mill head-mounted display (HMD).” DIGITAL TRENDS,October 10th: “...it actually projects images directly onto your retinas, which gives it a number of advantages over LCD-based headsets.” CNET, October 9th: “This truly provides a far more compelling visual experience than any headset on the market today.” ENGADGET, October 9th: “We’ve never seen a product quite like this, and for Avegant, that’s very good news.” LAPTOP MAG, October 9th: “The Avegant Virtual Retinal Display boasts a completely different level of realism, since it projects light directly into your eye to mimic natural vision.” About the Team This technology is born out of an incredibly passionate group of engineers (even our marketing lead is an engineer) dedicated to near eye displays. Dr. Allan Evans, our CTO developed the technology out of a government lab, and together with Dr. Neil Welch, our VP of Engineering and Edward Tang, our CEO, they were able to build the initial prototypes. Our team has grown as the Kickstarter approached, adding Yobie Benjamin, the former global CTO of Citigroup as our COO and Mark Palaima, a former Fellow and Chief Architect from eBay, to our roster. We have a confident, strong team with deep connections in the manufacturing and electrical engineering world across the country. FAQ What is a Virtual Retinal Display? A Virtual Retinal Display uses a micromirror array and a combination of optics to reflect an image directly onto your retina, effectively using the back of your eyeball as a screen. The resulting picture is extremely sharp and vivid, unlike anything a conventional display can produce. In particular, the 3D images are exceptionally clear. What sort of content works with the Glyph? The Glyph is made to be media agnostic, meaning that it can plug into any HDMI source and display any current content natively. This means sources from an XBox to a Playstation to a MacBook to an iPhone to an Android device may be used while content from Blu-ray DVDs to video games to streaming movies can be watched. For how long can it be worn? The reflected light produced from the Glyph is very comfortable and natural feeling. Many users who experience eye strain or nausea in looking at a conventional display feel no similar effect using this technology. What about battery life? The beta headset will have enough battery life to power a full-length feature film, about three hours. What sort of cables will I need? The beta headset will have one HDMI cable that will plug into any HDMI source. An adapter will be included to go to a micro-HDMI connection. Will there be head tracking for gaming or immersive reality? Yes. We have already tested the current prototypes with head tracking and assorted console games. They work great! What is the field of view? Looking into the device you’ll see an image that looks like an 80 inch screen 8 feet away from you. That translates to about a 45 degree field of view. Can you make that field of view bigger? Yes. We promise to look into developing it. But right now we want to focus on bringing a broad spectrum of already-existing content to the broad user base, and we don't want to constrain the image. Support us in our efforts now and you'll see the fruit of our development down the road. Does this technology work with Virtual Reality? Yes. The high resolution, lack of screen-door effect and low latency of our technology makes it great for VR. Is it safe? Yes. The light source is simply a low powered Light Emitting Diode (LED) – something like you would see at the end of a keychain light. The micromirror array and optics together create the unique image. How does the Glyph work with glasses? You’ll be able to adjust the diopters in the Glyph to accommodate a wide variety of prescriptions and pupillary distances. In short: you won’t need your glasses. Note: at this point we cannot account for astigmatic eyesight. Isn’t a micromirror array the same thing as a DLP? Yes. We’re working with TI utilizing brand new, unreleased, cutting-edge micromirror technology. Stretch Goals * Originally we planned to include noise cancelling at $1M of funding, but because the messaging was unclear at the outset we'll include it with all of the shipped devices from here on out. More stretch goals to come! Stretch Goals: $500,000 - Complete! We've doubled our goal! As a thanks, we're going to expand the number of available body colors for the regular Glyph $499 contribution or the $499 special edition to include Red, Green and Orange. LED and HDMI colors will remain blue and black respectively on the regular edition. Customized LED and HDMI colors for the special edition will remain among the currently offered options. You'll be able to pick your colors after the campaign is finished. Check out the updated Beta Glyph Designs here Stretch Goals: $750,000 - Complete! At $750K we'll include a basic semi-rigid fabric protective case with all shipped Glyphs (excluding the $999 version with a customized case). We'll release details on the specific design soon. Stretch Goals: $1,000,000 - Complete! At $1M we're allowing backers of the Glyph Beta (any edition) to custom engrave the side of their headsets. The engraving will likely be either "Limited Edition" or "Kickstarter Edition" with the backer number underneath, and it'll be possible to opt-out. After the campaign completes we'll send out a survey to refine the exact details of the engraving. Today we're launching a dedicated email channel straight to your inbox for product and company updates. Simply called the Avegant Newsletter, expect the first issue of that with another firmware reminder later today. We expect the Avegant Newsletter to become our primary communication channel with you as the summer goes on, updates continue and the Kickstarter campaign starts to sunset. New firmware releases opening up further content channels, for example, are already in the works, while we're working hard to scale up the visibility of the Glyph both in retail and in marketing arenas. It should be a busy summer and we look forward to sharing our progress with you. Follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram for social updates and get a deeper dive into product applications over in the forums . Thank you for all your support along the way. It's great having you as part of our community. Team Avegant Happy summer Glyphletes, With the Kickstarter units now fully deployed, a core focus of our team shifts to improving the technology and opening up new content channels. With firmware release 1.2, out today, we're pleased to report that we've made great progress in both of those areas. Look for version 1.2 of the updater app which contains new firmware in the iTunes and Google Play stores right now. From a content perspective, the following functionalities are now integrated: Plug-and-play 3D with HDMI 1.4 compliant, frame-packed, 720p sources Head tracking will now be enabled on all hardware. Press and hold the bottom left button in video mode with USB plugged in to turn on head tracking. On the 3D content front, good sources for 3D frame-packed content so far are: Playstation 4 automatically detects and plays 3D. Try searching VUDU for 3D movies or playing one of these 3D supported games. Windows 10 and updated Nvidia graphics cards automatically work with the technology, opening up hundreds of games and a multitude of applications to 3D display. On the technology side of the equation, firmware version 1.2 also streamlines and simplifies the Bluetooth stack and prepares the Glyph for further partner development. Full release notes are available on our website . Download and Install the new App and Firmware To install the new firmware, navigate to the Google Play or iTunes stores and update your mobile app to version 1.2. Enable Bluetooth on your Glyph by first turning on your unit, letting it boot and then holding the power button to the ON position for 5-7 seconds. The indicator LED should blink blue. Within the Glyph app, connect to your unit by clicking Connect to your Glyph and tapping the available unit. While you do not need to pair your Glyph to your phone, please make sure your Bluetooth is turned on. In the main Glyph app screen, the update can be pushed by clicking Update available next to the connected unit. If the update is interrupted, try it again. Your update is successful when the Glyph reboots and the Avegant app no longer has the update flag attached. Problems with your update? Navigate over to avegant.com/set-up-support and we'll get you sorted out. In the meantime, keep in touch with us over Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and the Avegant Forums (where there are a variety of lively content discussions ongoing) and keep an eye out for a redesigned newsletter next week. Happy Glyphing, Team Avegant Word from the factory, ladies and gentlemen, is that we're nearing the end of our shipping campaign for Kickstarter units. By the end of next week, 100% of the hardware should be out of the factory, in transit or delivered. It's a huge milestone, and we're all-in on this last push. To that end, if you haven't received an email from Avegant or FedEx with your tracking number by the end of next week, please send us an email at <email> for everything to get sorted out.. As for the Glyph and its development, our efforts are just starting. A new software update enabling some pretty awesome functionality is coming within the next weeks, while new content channels and even more features are headed down the pipeline. With our Kickstarter shipments coming to a close, next month we're also going to transition our product communications to a dedicated newsletter. Keep an eye out -- it'll be full of important product updates and Glyph news. In the meantime, we're going to keep the Kickstarter updates coming until everything is sealed and delivered. Sit tight. The next chapter is about to begin. South by Southwest is officially wrapped and we're now back in the office working on scale, support and documentation while the engineering team continues the shipping push in China. Thanks to all who came out to Austin. We had a massive turnout at our event (over 1000 people signed up!) and great reception. Over in the logistics department, we got an update from the shipping team late last week. As of today, almost all of the engraved units have been shipped. International units are starting this week. We still expect to have everything shipped by mid April. For those that are receiving units, keep those social updates coming. You can tag your Facebook, Twitter and Instagram posts with #gotmyglyph and we'll share them with the Glyph community. As the shipping queue continues to dwindle, we remain focused on building out the consumer experience. Expect a user newsletter and new firmware in the comings weeks. Along the way, we'll keep you updated on shipping, but if you need anything in the meantime, you can always email us at <email>. Team Avegant. Version 1.0 of the Glyph mobile app is officially live! Find the Android version here . Find the iOS version here . Our grand vision for the app includes plans for a content portal, firmware updating capability, Bluetooth connectivity, tutorials and a variety of other features. In short, it'll be your go-to for all-things-Glyph in the mobile setting. Version 1.0 is the early beginning of that effort. Right now, the Glyph app walks users through a detailed setup tutorial and has the functionality to connect to your device over Bluetooth. While full Bluetooth integration hasn't been enabled in this version of the app, later iterations will contain new firmware, allowing you to wirelessly update your hardware. For now, this release places a stake in the ground and allows us to start building. Expect more app updates soon, with improved firmware in tow. Team Avegant Hey everyone, A quick update on international shipping. We're pleased to report that European Certification (CE) cleared last week and that we can commence shipping units internationally. Right now we're in the middle of processing engraved units. At the end of that campaign next week we'll revert to shipping international units in the order of backer number. Thank you for being patient as we conquered the CE monster. Team Avegant Hello everyone! We wanted to give you guys an update on shipping since both European Certification and order priority have been points of discussion out in the community over the last few days. So far, we've shipped about 1000 units. Production in China is still moving at full tilt and yields are improving. The focus of the next three to four weeks is on getting ALL of the Kickstarter units delivered, including engraved units. So far, our biggest challenge has been in securing European Certification (or CE) for deliveries to the EU and the UK. While we originally thought that certification was going to pass in time for initial shipment, complications with some of the hardware we used and then Chinese New Year held up the process -- as you probably guessed, our testing lab shut down in addition to our manufacturing line during the holiday. To our great frustration, that process is still ongoing. Our engineers are working to expedite the process and we should know by Monday whether the certification is moving forward. In the meantime, we're focused on getting as many Glyphs shipped as possible -- and rather than holding off on all international shipments, we're going to start shipping to non-CE-constrained countries. From here on out, that means the order of units shipped will be: The remainder of this week and next week: any remaining US units without engraving Next week and the week after: engraved units start + international units that don't need CE approval As soon as CE certification comes in, we'll start sprinkling those units in too. Thanks for being patient. The process of European Certification has been taxing on everyone on our team and we're as anxious as you are. For those in the EU and UK, we'll let you know as soon as we hear back from our testing lab. Team Avegant Hello Kickstarter Backers, Production continues. Now that the Chinese New Year is over, our manufacturing line is humming along once again, so for those still waiting for tracking numbers, we expect to see more units off the line starting next week. Thanks for being patient. Extra thanks go to our international backers. We're still finalizing CE requirements and are doing everything we can to speed up the process. We are also working on fixing an email issue at the Avegant helpdesk. If you've recently reached out to the support team over our web form, your message may have been delayed in delivery. Please be sure to contact <email> or call (800)270-0760 with any issues you may be facing. We are working to straighten up our servers and hope to have this issue resolved shortly. Looking towards the next few months, we're starting to scale up our community outreach. On March 13th, we are hosting a get together at South by Southwest in Austin, Texas. Kickstarter backers are cordially invited for VIP demos. The event takes place from 2pm to 8pm at Due Forni (106 E. 6th St). You can register here . Please make sure to use the promotional code "AvegantKickstarter" to avoid any long demo lines. See you in Austin and as always, thank you for your continued support. Team Avegant Dear Kickstarter Backers, We’re thrilled to be shipping the Glyph this week. Over 200 tracking numbers have already been sent out and more units are shipping through the week. If you have already received your tracking number, you can expect to get your Glyph early next week. For those still waiting, we are doing regular updates and you should be getting it soon. A few notes on the initial shipping process: Everyone from the engineers to the operators is working seven days a week bringing the line up to a solid hum. Yields are improving daily, but as this is new technology, the process is still measured. It'll take some time before the line is at a full run rate. Our manufacturing partner will be on break during the Chinese New Year holiday, February 6 through February 16th. Glyph CE certification came through later than we expected and should be finalized the week after Chinese New Year. Our international shipments are delayed until that comes in. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do to speed it up. On February 16th we'll also start integrating engraved units into the line. We’re expecting all Kickstarter units to be shipped by the end of March. A few notes on the unboxing: Since we printed our Quick Start Guide we've been through several firmware updates that refine the button and LED interaction. We'll send out a new, digital QSG in the coming days. We're also working on a simple plug-and-play guide that will go in later boxes. We'll send out a digital version of that in a few days too. The Glyph App is nearing completion. You'll be able to use that in either iOS or Android environments for onboarding and firmware updates via Bluetooth. Look for a link to that app to be coming your way soon. Per FCC constraints, we're also shipping the Glyph with head-tracking OFF. We'll share instructions for those who want to enable head-tracking functionality prior to the app availability. As the process unfolds and Glyphs enter the market, we're really looking forward to your feedback on how your initial experience goes and what you would like us to improve going forward. You can send your feedback to <email>, or if you have technical support issues you can now call us at 1.800.270.0760. We would also love for you to share your unboxing experience with the Glyph community. Take some photos and videos and post them to the Avegant forums or on social media ( Facebook , Twitter , Instagram ) using the hashtag #GotMyGlyph and we'll send the best submissions some Avegant swag. That's it for now. Keep checking for tracking numbers. Thank you for your continued support and excitement around this breakthrough device. Team Avegant Great news everyone, shipping is currently underway! First units have already started rolling off the line and we should have them in the mail late this week. Our goal is to have several hundred units out the door before Chinese New Year. First priority: early Kickstarter Backers. Once the line is up and humming we'll start shipping out the engraved units as well. Our plan is to interlace tracking numbers into our master Kickstarter database and email you individually when your units ship. At that time, we'll also include the latest information on unboxing, quick start and mobile app installation. Now's also a good time to make sure you have the right video adapters on hand. The Glyph comes with a micro HDMI to standard HDMI cable, so if you need to plug in your phone or tablet, an adapter will be necessary. For iPhones and iPods, that's the Lightning Digital adapter (here on the Apple store) . Android hardware will vary, but an MHL or SlimPort adapter usually does the trick. Check with your phone or tablet manufacturer for more information on video-out. The Glyph compatibility list is also on our website . Keep an eye on your inbox for news about tracking numbers. Fulfilling our entire Kickstarter database will take some time -- so please be patient -- but the first units are leaving soon! <url>’m sure many of you know, building breakthrough products is never an easy and straightforward process -- your patience and understanding throughout this year means a great deal to me. We’re doing things that have never been done before and I'm confident that the wait will be worth it. Finally, from all of us here at Avegant, have a safe and wonderful holiday season and best wishes for the new year. All of my best, Joerg Tewes, CEO Avegant Happy holiday season Kickstarter Backers: It's time to start collecting addresses for shipping! You should receive a survey in your inbox at some point today. Please fill it in as soon as possible and send it back to us -- we need to start planning for delivery. When is your Glyph going to reach your doorstep? Between now and the trucks leaving the factory we have a few milestones to reach. Of those, the two biggest are related to compliance and mass production line startup. On the compliance side, we're currently working with US and international vendors to lock in US, Canadian, European and Chinese certifications. That's on schedule, but will remain a risk until every single compliance is buttoned up. From a mass production perspective, we've got solid confidence in the integrity and repeatability of our manufacturing line, and we're spending the next two weeks working out any remaining kinks. Provided all of our suppliers stay on track we shouldn't have any line disruptions. We don't expect any for now, but there's always a risk. During the week of December 14th, we're going to have an all-hands meeting at the factory to verify that the line is in good shape and that we can manufacture at scale. If everything checks out at that point, we can flip the switch and start cranking out units. From that point, it'll take us about a week to get from initial assembly to final packout. Once shipping starts, units will leave the factory via express freight (expect 6-10 days in transit) and ship worldwide. Units will ship duty free and Avegant will prepay the VAT. We expect to be able to manufacture about 500 units each week. Orders will go out as a function of backer numbers -- the lower your backer number, the sooner your ship date. Engraved units may also experience a week or two lag. Between line startup and any shipping logistics, we obviously face a scenario in which Glyphs don't start getting boxed until the last week of December and don't leave the factory until right after the new year. We're going to be doing our best to shorten that timeline as much as possible but conservatively, it's the best estimate we have. Hopefully we can beat that. Either way, we should have a more concise timeline during the week of the 14th. In the meantime, please fill out your survey as soon as possible so we can populate our shipping partner. Thanks for your patience. We're almost there! Team Avegant Hi everybody, it's Grant, your project manager for the engraving effort. I've been working with a laser engraver over the past few days to set up a printing template and test various designs, and I'm pleased to report that we're almost ready to start production. Right now, it looks like the best and most aesthetic placement for the laser engraving will be on the mute button on the right side of the Glyph. I've also been coordinating with the main production line in China to make sure that we can integrate and track these etched pieces into our core process. Word from the production line is that once mass production starts they need a few weeks to get the process up and firing on all cylinders before introducing any disruptions. So if anyone wants custom engraving, it may slow down your delivery by 3-4 weeks. I'll do my best to shorten that, but I also have to respectfully give them time to set up a proper manufacturing line. Onto the artwork: we'd like to give those who opt in the ability to select from a couple of different options. Your backer number Something of your choice Your (or someone's) name The engraving will look something like this: Or in real life, something like this: The font for standard engraving be Agenda-Medium. Since all of you got special edition units, I'll additionally open up the Adobe Illustrator template to you for you to submit a design of your choice, bearing in mind: The manufacturing line can't guarantee any symmetrical placement (besides, the Glyph rotates 90 degrees between audio and video modes). I'll do my best to engrave whatever you give me, but if you try to put the Magna Carta on a 0.65" diameter disc it's going to fail. There's only so much resolution that the system can support. Creating these designs may be an iterative process and can directly impact your ship date if I have to put extra cycles in. Please work with the below templates to ensure a speedy design and delivery. Given the potential delay, we're giving you the option to opt into this. If you'd like engraving, please visit and fill in this form by Friday, November 20th at Midnight Pacific. If you do nothing, we'll assume you don't want engraving. A bitmap template is here . An Adobe Illustrator template (preferred) is here . We're using a Universal 60W laser , if you're interested. Questions? Let me know in this thread and I'll personally update you all -- look for the Grant Martin commenter below. Happy engraving! Grant Hi everybody, Things are coming along nicely on the engineering and operations teams and we are getting ready to begin mass production. But first, we wanted to take some time to talk about some of the product features, the work that went into them and what's still left to come. We're calling this version of the Glyph the Founder's Edition. It'll be fully supported, warrantied and regularly updated with firmware updates via Bluetooth. It is unique. As Kickstarter backers, you will be some of the few to own this device, and you will be a core member of our founding community. It is because of your support that we are able to carry this company and project onward and we are eternally grateful. On your Founder’s Edition Glyph, each of you will have the ability to engrave something personal – your name; a symbol. We are super excited about it and we hope you are too. In the next couple of weeks, we will share engraving options and instructions. Now, onto the product. Here are the final specifications for Glyph Founder’s Edition: Resolution: 1280x720p per eye; two million micromirrors in total Aspect ratio: 16:9 Dimensions: Width – 7.5 inches (190.5mm), Height – 4 inches (101.6mm), Depth – 7.5 inches (190.5mm) · Weight: 14.5oz (411g) Field of view: ~40 degrees; equivalent to a sitting in the "sweet spot" at 71 ft back in a typical 52 ft movie theater Video and audio input: microHDMI Frequency response: 20Hz-20kHz Dynamic Range: 95dB Audio-Only Input: 3.5mm TRRS Battery Life Video: up to 4 hours Charging Port: microUSB Battery: Li-lon, integrated Battery Capacity: 2060mAH 9 axis IMU for headtracking Firmware updates for enhanced features and capabilities Many of you voiced your concern about a lack of ANC and we heard you loud and clear. But the reality of a Kickstarter campaign like this is that we underestimated what goes into a product of this magnitude and we had to make a decision. In the end, we decided to ship product. The good news is that that the current noise isolation and sound quality is really outstanding, due in large part to the over-ear design and the clamp pressure (requisite, as you know, for video mode). Bragging about audio quality is easy to do as founders of the project, of course, but once you receive your Glyphs, we're confident that you will agree. Some of you also asked about 3D support. Right now, our firmware supports all side-by-side 3D content. On the delivered Glyph, there will be options to switch from 2D mode to 3D mode. We are continually working to support all 3D form factors, and hopefully will be able to deliver these changes to you via firmware updates. Make no mistake: every single component of this device from the optics to the ear can material to the companion app to the full spectrum of user touch points has been meticulously engineered, evaluated and then reengineered, driving to the goal of delivering a truly high quality device. Many of the features over deliver and some you may not agree with. But at the end of the day, you are getting the world's first personal premium mobile display built inside the headband of a pair of headphones - a unique and category-defining Kickstarter Reward. We hope that you'll share the beauty of this innovation and the work that went into it with us. We can’t wait to share it with all of you. Team Avegant Hey Glyphletes, Happy Friday! With our main prototyping runs successfully behind us, the time has come for us to sign off on final features for the deliverable Glyph. That means taking a strong look at our Kickstarter commitments and weighing them against the imperative of shipping. We've accomplished an extraordinary amount of product design and development since the birth of Glyph last year. We've designed a category-defining product in-house, spun up a contract manufacturer in China, assembled a spectrum of international and domestic suppliers and packed as much as we could into the device that we're delivering later this year. That includes: Top notch design and assembly. No creaky joints, no sloppy paint jobs and robust components all around. Glyph looks and feels like a final product. Solid battery life. Our early tests show that Glyph can run on battery for 4-5 hours, which is almost double our initial estimates. A companion app. Onboarding and product walkthrough will all be through a companion app that's currently under development. Upgradeable firmware. You'll be able to easily and quickly upgrade your Glyph as we push out new versions of the firmware. Lighter than we expected. Current Glyphs weigh about 420g vs our initial 450g projections. Bluetooth. Though Bluetooth Audio may not be complete by shipping, we're aggressively pushing to make Bluetooth headracking work. Bright, clear and vivid optics. We went through SEVEN prototype cycles with our optical suppliers and we're very happy with the corner-to-corner clarity and the quality of our optics. USB headtracking. Works great! Swappable, magnetic nosebridges. Based on hundreds of hours of research. 3D and 360 content support. 3D support works marvelously with side-by-side content. 360 imaging will work with head tracking. Several features were too complicated or time consuming to fit into the final build. Bulk alternative color options. We dramatically underestimated the difficulty in iterating multiple colors out of one core design. While more colors are charted for the future, the first batch of Glyphs can only come in black. Similarly, we had to order cables in batches of 10,000s, so we can't produce custom cables. Noise cancelling. While the over-head headphones provide excellent sound isolation, adding a noise canceling circuit to Glyph proved to be too expensive. This process in building Glyph has been an exercise in compromise, patience and humbleness for the entire founding team. We've put our hearts and our health into making the best Glyph that we can deliver to you guys, and we're confident that we're delivering a product that's both well-built and useful for a wide spectrum of applications. To that end, here's what you can expect in the box: A Special Edition or standard Founder's Edition Glyph: Though we won't be able to include colors, we do have something very special in mind for the first 500 Special Edition backers. We're working with the manufacturer on it right now. HDMI and USB Cables: The HDMI cable will be a custom, Avegant-only micro-HDMI connection. Four nose pieces: Like in-ear headphones come with three earbuds, Glyph will come with four different nosepieces to accommodate a wide spectrum of head types. A case: A soft fabric case for easy Glyph storage. A headstrap: An optional headstrap for long term use. A lens cover: Hair products and grease will not affect wearing Glyph in audio-mode. A quick start guide. The light is finally at the end of the tunnel. The Glyph is in its final final design stages and we're looking forward to finally firing up the mass production line and cranking out some hardware. Coming up, we'll have updates on precise shipping targets. Thanks for everything so far. We are very excited! Team Avegant Good afternoon Kickstarter Backers: Our beta testing program is kicking into gear this week. The plan is to run a brief campaign with the current prototype units over the course of this month and then pack any feedback into the final builds as we prepare for mass production in early December. In light of the tight timeframe, we're working with a professional beta testing operation down in Los Angeles to recruit, execute and compile data from the study. We've asked them to include you Kickstarter backers within their recruiting window. Before you fire up your clicking fingers, remember that beta testing is a far bigger commitment than simply taking an early look at the technology. For this campaign, we'll loan you an early prototype of the Glyph for some intensive long term testing, and you'll need to rigorously document and report on your findings. It'll be a great way to help shape the future of Avegant and the Glyph, but it also will not be a walk in the park. If you're interested in participating, please complete a short qualification survey here by Sunday, October 4th at 11:59PM PST. We'll forward that data onto the beta testing contractors and they'll take care of recruiting. To note, the beta test isn't going to cover an enormous population, but we've made sure that at least a handful of Kickstarter backers will be included in the program. We're excited to get your detailed feedback, and for those interested, we look forward to trying out the tech. For the rest of you, sit tight for delivery. Team Avegant More good news Glyphletes: We've wrapped up our most recent manufacturing run in China and just got the full shipment of prototype hardware back in the offices in California. In short: the Glyphs look AMAZING. Optics are crisp and bright, construction is solid and we're on steady ground to move this operation into mass production. We couldn't be happier. Based on the success of this prototype run we have strong confidence that we can start shipping in the beginning of December. There are a handful of logistical issues to sort out between now and then, but as of now, there are few barriers in the way between today and delivery. We'll have more news in the coming weeks on exact timing for each round of Kickstarter backers. In the meantime, check out some pictures of the new units, their arrival and the unboxing process. For those of you coming to our Kickstarter days in NYC and San Francisco , these are the units that we'll be sharing with you. They're also pretty close to the units that we'll be shipping for mass production. In the coming weeks we'll provide an update on all of the features that we’re delivering in the final build. Between now and then, it's all about fine-tuning and logistics as our production line heats up and we get ready to ship. Expect a hardware update, Kickstarter Day debriefs and requests for your shipping data within the next month or so. Get excited! Team Avegant PS- We are live on Instagram. You should follow us. @avegant Hello Glyphletes: We're happy to announce that we will be hosting two events just for our Kickstarter backers in October. Join us in San Francisco or New York to meet with Avegant's founders, share some tasty food and drinks, and best of all, demo the latest Glyph devices! We'd like to meet you, say thank you for supporting our vision to produce this killer product, and get feedback about your experience. Please make sure to RSVP ahead of time with the following Eventbrite links: New York: Oct 6, 2015 San Francisco: Oct 13, 2015 Hope to see you there! Team Avegant Glyphletes, we have a milestone to celebrate. We announced today that Avegant has closed a $24M Series B round of funding, led by investor Lian Luo (Hangzhou Liaison Interactive Information Technology Co., Ltd), a market leader in China. We're also really happy to have previous investors Intel Capital and NHN in this round. You can read the official press release here or an update from the WSJ here . The team is very excited about what we can accomplish in the next couple of months and we can't wait to share it with all of you. As always, thanks for your support. Team Avegant Good news Glyphletes, we're almost done with another round of prototype manufacturing! The first portion of our campaign focused on the assembly and testing of our optical housing, by far the most complex mechanical segment of the Glyph. As you can imagine, we've spent a lot of time in the clean room. With fully assembled prototypes now in sight, we plan to set up a few Kickstarter Days in New York and San Francisco this September for backers and friends of the company to come out and see the new gear. It'll be a good opportunity to meet the team, check up on our progress and have a few beers. More on that soon, as well as some nice news coming up on the Beta Testing. In the meantime, we're focused on making sure that this round of prototypes comes together cleanly and that it positions us properly for the rest of manufacturing -- namely your Kickstarter units. We've much to learn from this manufacturing round, but regardless of the outcome we'll be able to put together a more concise schedule projecting rough delivery dates and other milestones before moving into mass production. Thanks as always for your patience. The Glyph is moving forward, logistics are coming together and we're really excited about the next few months. Team Avegant We're in the process of assembling and testing our prototype units in China this week, which is a laborious and exhausting process. Setting up test fixtures and plodding through all of the QC on each component can feel like running in place, but it's a critical step towards building out high quality and high volume assemblies -- so we're barreling through it. Perhaps the only silver lining among the long days in the lab is the occasional Easter egg sent down from the line from the EE team. Below: left (Lionel) and right (Robot) button boards ready for depaneling and integration. Rumor has it that we're going to need updated "R" and "L" imagery for our next generation boards, so if you've got any ideas in the fridge, throw them out and we'll cook them. Happy Fourth of July Glyphletes. Good news too: our next manufacturing run is firing up and we should have new prototypes in our hands by the end of next month. This new round of prototypes coming off the line integrates all of our latest and greatest improvements, including a markedly better fit, improved optics and better overall adjustments -- all translating to a cleaner and longer viewing experience for all Glyph users. Over the next month, squads of our engineering team will be cycling through the factory to make sure that the manufacturing line properly ramps up, that production goes smoothly and that QC is in line. It's going to be a long few weeks. But if everything goes well, we should still be on schedule for an autumn delivery. Based on the output volume of this production run we should also have enough units for early stage developer and beta testing. While we expect each campaign to be modest in size, our hope is that we can get some early insight into what our users love about the Glyph, what needs work and how the ultimate product is going to be used. We'll share details of the beta and developer programs as they come together this month. For now, enjoy your holiday. Team Avegant In parallel with our hardware development, tooling setup and user testing this summer, the software team has been hard at work in building out our firmware. One of their priorities is head tracking. A critical component to any immersive or interactive experience, head tracking allows a user to engage with a variety of media including active (from outlets like Jaunt or Immersive ) and passive 360° content (say, from a Ricoh Theta camera). What we're most excited about though, is live 360° content, or media that can be actively streamed. Last week, DJI invited us out to Shenzhen to try out active head tracking with their drone technology. In a quick spot with CNN , our initial tests worked swimmingly. As we head towards this fall, our plan is to lock in our head tracking standards and start working with content partners to natively mesh with the world of immersive content. There are a ton of potential partners and we're excited to continue building. Team Avegant Happy Friday Glyphletes: We write as we wrap up a trip down to Los Angeles, where early stage fit testing on the current Glyph prototypes just kicked off. As a result of these tests, the Glyph will evolve throughout the summer as we continue to iterate on design and successfully hit milestones towards our fall delivery. Along the way, mechanical, optical and electrical systems will be refined as we test each corner of the technology and compile user feedback. This week's fit testing is a first gut check on how our initial development is being received. We're working with a small user testing facility in LA to recruit an unbiased group of testers, and each person is giving us their feedback on the current fit and function as we expose them to a variety of media streams. We expect to get early results from the testing facility next week. Regardless of the outcome, these initial tests are just the tip of the iceberg above a much broader batch of user studies coming down the pipeline -- all geared towards ensuring that the deliverable Glyph is both comfortable for long term use and functional as a personal, premium media device. Later this summer, we've got a larger scale beta test with newer prototypes planned. We'll have more details on that (including how you may be able to participate) as the study comes together. In the meantime, we're focused on extracting meaningful results from our initial user testing. Thanks as always for your patience. So far, everything remains on schedule for delivery in the fall. When the manufacturing line fires up with our final design updates, we should have an exact delivery date for you. Team Avegant Over the course of this spring and summer, we're working on two ergonomic studies to perfect the Glyph's fit over a wide spectrum of users. The first, which we kicked off late last month, is focused on building a comfortable and low-profile nose bridge. Critical in this stage is the dynamic between the clamping pressure from the headphones and the downward load on the user's nose. We want to be very careful to balance those two forces so that long term comfort is maximized. Tuning the nose pressure is also complicated by the wide array of facial structures present throughout the world's population ( The Measure of Man and Woman: Human Factors in Design by Alvin Tilley and Henry Dreyfuss Associates provides great further reading if you're interested). In addition to there being great variance between a nuclear family's head measurements (including ranges of interpupillary distance, head length, eye orbit to ear hole length, etc), there's also great variance between American populations and those from China, Russia, Sri Lanka and any of the other 100 countries to which we're delivering Glyphs. Solving all of those fits with one design is our great task. The first step that we need to take though, is in designing the nose bridge architecture. Based on our measurements so far, the best approach seems to be to deliver multiple nose bridge designs with each Glyph order, similar to how in-ear headphone manufacturers deliver multiple earbud covers . Designing iterations of those, including material, construct and integration is currently underway, bearing in mind that we want the nosebridge to be either collapsible or removable in audio mode. Below are the early concepts that we used for our initial phase of in-house testing. Based on data collected from our current study and overall design constraints, we're now crafting a series of integrated nosebridges for the Engineering Validation Test build this spring. With those units, we'll perform our second round of ergonomic testing in a wider and more critical study that perfects the overall fit for users from Azerbaijan to Zimbabwe. Once our final nose bridge design comes together for this next build, we'll show you the prototypes. Team Avegant It's been a marathon two weeks between Mobile World Congress in Spain and South by Southwest in Austin Texas, but the dust is finally starting to settle. Thanks to all of you that came out to see the Glyph and team Avegant on the road. In Austin, our demos went swimmingly. We were able to take over a small restaurant on 6th street to build out a private demo and hospitality space where backers and partners could grab a drink and snack, interact with the team and filter through four demo stations illustrating a variety of use cases. We even had a photobooth. In addition to giving backers and partners a progress update and a chance to try out the technology first-hand, we were able to capture some extremely important feedback on the Kickstarter campaign and the Glyph user experience. At large, the current response on the ergonomics of these prototypes has been positive. By the time we launch, we plan on the responses being an order of magnitude better. As winter winds to a close we're now back in the office boring down on user testing and refining our current CNC prototypes. In a few weeks we head back to China to start ramping up our Engineering Validation Testing cycle. Expect a few quick updates on the rest of the CNC manufacturing effort between now and then. Team Avegant The Glyph lives! Great news everyone. Our first prototype build went off without any major hiccups and our new Glyph demo units are up and running. We've now got a handful of prototypes in the Redwood City offices and are working on streamlining the current hardware and the future manufacturing process. From here on out you'll be seeing more Glyph demos out in the wild. At the outset, media and public demos won't be the final "deliverable" Glyphs, but as the summer plods along and we continue to update hardware, each version will see marked improvement. Only when all of the hardware is up to spec will we actually release review units. We'll be taking the first Glyphs from this most recent build with us out to Mobile World Congress in Barcelona next week for some hands-on profiles of the technology. Expect some early hardware updates from that effort. After that, we'll continue to share some more insight into the build process. Team Avegant Good news from the factory: line setup is complete and went off without a hitch. This early stage of manufacturing serves to set up our global foundation of assembly and testing. Each station of the prototype build is stocked with components from all of our distributors, tolerances are measured and QC is performed on each individual part. With over 180 unique parts going into the full build, this is no small task. The good news, however, is that all of our checks and balances have come through positively. Assembly and optical testing are already underway as we work carefully around the Lunar New Year. Our earliest prototypes should be wrapped up shortly. Gung Hei Fat Choy! The Glyph prototype build is officially underway! These prototypes are phase I in our iterative effort to build and refine the technology as we move towards a final product later this year. We expect there to be many complications within the build process, which is exactly what we want. The lessons that we learn from this effort will be processed by the engineering team through March and integrated into the next build -- and as we continue to iterate, the prototypes will get better and better. With that said, we have high expectation for some awesome, workable prototypes out of this first build. Depending on how robust they are, we hope to share some of them with the community, the media and the public at South by Southwest on March 15 and 16. Here's how the build is going to go: Engineers are currently in the process of line setup in our factory and are verifying parts from the suppliers. They're also working on assembly operations. There's a fair amount of optical QC that we have to perform to make sure that the first round of optics are functional. While we don't expect them to be perfect in the first spin, they need to be close enough to produce our signature, super clear image. We expect the first Glyph off the line a bit later this month and to have our early prototypes back in the office in Redwood City in early March for testing and fine tuning. Throughout the course of this effort we'll be zooming in on various aspects of the process to give you updates on specific hardware components. A great deal of innovation boiled up to the surface over the past few months as we worked on ergonomic and aesthetic issues and we are excited to share all of that with you. It should be clear, too, that these prototypes are functionally nowhere near what the deliverable product will ultimately reflect. There are still great improvements coming between now and then, including ergonomic, design and mechanical updates. But the product of this first build will be much, much closer to the final devices that you receive. They'll be wearable, testable and shareable. Starting now, the fun begins. Team Avegant Two weeks after the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas wrapped up, we've finally sorted through the mountain of meeting notes, business cards, photos, flyers and receipts. It was a fantastic event. While our engineers continued work on the Glyph in China and Redwood City, a few core members of our management team took the quick trip to Las Vegas to show off the product and meet with the community. Over the course of the week we were able to meet with a great group of consumers, media and potential partners. Most of the meetings took place in our booth: We had an awesome display built to showcase the Glyph: There were several live media spots, including a brief stint on CES Live . Some of our Kickstarter backers even stopped by. Looking back, CES was a great opportunity for Avegant to carefully scale up our presence in a frugal and yet highly visible way. As we pack our bags for China this weekend we're still fielding calls and forging relationships to help shape the future of the Glyph technology. Keep an eye out for a South by Southwest update if you want to be among the first to try out the new prototypes coming off the line next month. We'll be posting updates throughout the course of the build. Team Avegant Hey everyone, Thanks for your positive support after our design release last Monday . After a good week at CES and some time getting everything back in order in the office we wanted to take a few minutes to collect all of the questions about the new design and answer them one by one. How does the deliverable Glyph differ from the Alpha that we saw on Kickstarter? The new design has a more durable and sustainable ergonomic fit, better-engineered optics and more thoroughly tested electrical and mechanical systems. Interpupillary and focal adjustments have also been improved. With the new design, what customizations will I receive that other people (i.e. pre-orders, retail customers) will not? Kickstarter backers will receive a more customized version of the Glyph than everyone else, before everyone else. While a custom LED ring is not going to be possible with the new design, we're going to try to keep all of the other customizations in place. As our design goes through validation this winter we'll update you on what fits into the initial packaging. What are the sizing specs of the new design? As currently planned, the device is about the size of a pair of large, noise-cancelling headphones (i.e. Beats, Bose, etc). It will weigh about 15oz (430g). For sizing perspective, the center diameter of the ear can measures 6cm and the outer measures 10cm. Will there be a head strap? Since several of you asked about a head strap for long term use we're looking into its integration. We should know more after our ergonomic studies are wrapped up. Can you update my mailing address for me? Prior to shipment we will be sending out a survey for everyone to fill our their most updated information. If your address changes between now and the fall don't worry -- we'll collect your address down the road. When exactly is the delivery date again? In the fall of this year. If you missed our previous message , we announced an updated delivery schedule at the end of last year. How can I try out the Glyph? Our next public demos will be at South by Southwest in Austin in March. We'll release details about this event in the coming weeks. There will also be other public demos through the year. What is this Jellyfish I heard about and how can I get one? The Jellyfish is a proof of concept prototype that we built to demonstrate some future technology on our roadmap. We're currently exploring the technology with a few key partners and we're not actively bringing it to the consumer market. There's still much to do in the design process and as we wade through suppliers and assembly we're sure that more small tweaks will come down the pipeline. For now, it's back to packaging and preparation for our first prototype run. Back to work, Team Avegant Hey everyone, We're in the process of aggregating all of the inbound questions from the design release and CES , but in the meantime we wanted to give a quick update on pricing. On January 15th at 11:59PM ET, the preorder and final retail price of the Glyph will go up to $599 -- a 20% increase from the $499 that most of you paid. If you know anyone who's interested in preordering at the $499 price point, now's the time to share the news. Preorders made through Avegant.com (or shoplocket.com , our preorder manager) will be delivered after the Kickstarter units and before final retail distribution. They also wont get any of the customizations that the Kickstarter backers ordered. Anyone interested in preorders at the $499 price can sign up at avegant.com/pre-order . We'll be back with answers to the design update later this week. Team Avegant Glyph Backers: We’re very excited share our final product design with you this evening. The official announcement goes live tomorrow at noon. Over this course of this week at CES we’ll be giving the media the opportunity to look at the new design first-hand and to try out our complete spectrum of hardware demos. These design prototypes are wearable and represent the polished look that you’ll receive later this year, though they do not include functioning optics. Through the course of this and next month (our full, updated timeline is in this post ), we’ll be packing the electronics and design together to bring forth fully operational and representative prototypes, which will have all of the features, specifications and capabilities of the earlier Kickstarter product. As we enter our validation and testing phase later this quarter we’ll be providing updates on specific facets of the technology. This week, we will be focusing on sharing the designs with the media and running operations at CES. There should be plenty of updates from the media, so keep your eyes peeled. In the meantime, we'll be back with more product and design updates soon. Thank you for all of your support and patience. Team Avegant We've had a very busy few months flying back and forth between San Francisco and China working with our manufacturing partner to set up our supply chain. For a project like this, that's no small task. Our suppliers span the globe from New England all the way through several provinces in China and each of them needs to be thoroughly vetted and engaged. In some cases, it's a simple as a conference call, but most of the time we need to be on the ground, in the factory and physically inspecting people and machinery. It's an exhausting and time consuming process. Thankfully, we're almost done. One highlight: the lugworm. You've probably seen plenty of scorpion and cricket-on-a-stick photos from central China, but the lugworm caught us by surprise. As for the taste? Our VP of engineering describes it as "ocean flavored jello." Our first builds begin in January in just a couple of weeks. Until then, we're sticking with hotel food. Hey everyone, We’ve got some more details on the delivery schedule for your Glyphs. First though: an apology for the delay in getting these full details to you. Though our CTO foreshadowed our delivery timeline in an initial delay message , we’ve been cautious in releasing an exact schedule because of the unknowns that were sitting in our production queue. Ergonomic studies. Soft tooling. FCC and UL testing. We had to pull data together from all of these sources to build out a final robust timeline. Doing so accurately took a bit of time. For that, we're sorry. Additionally, we also wanted to make sure that our updated schedule had a high probability of success – though you guys have been wonderful and supportive of our early delays, nobody wants to see repeated or continuous schedule changes. With that said, onto our updated production timeline. Everything is signed and sealed with our manufacturing partners in China. Half a dozen engineers are currently there working on tooling infrastructure and fitting our design to the manufacturer’s capabilities. Our plan is vet that process (what we call engineering validation) through the holidays into next year and in parallel, prepare for our design launch at CES . Prototypes from the engineering validation efforts should roll off the line in February. We’ll be doing a wide range of testing starting then and through delivery. In early March, we plan on showing those prototypes to the public at both Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and SXSW in Austin, Texas. Around that time we should also be launching our beta test program and for that campaign we plan on pulling in resources from industrial as well as community groups. While that’s still being mapped out, we expect to release details at the beginning of Q2. And to be clear, these won’t be the beta devices you backed on Kickstarter – they will be early hardware prototypes built solely for product testing and feedback. As we earlier mentioned, we’ll be delivering consumer versions of the Glyph to all of our Kickstarter backers. Those Kickstarter deliveries are still our number one priority. Past our hardware testing phase next summer, the first headsets off the line will go to our Kickstarter backers. Our conservative estimates forecast those deliveries to be in the fall. We’re also looking at ways to abbreviate the production timeline specifically for Kickstarter backers, potentially delivering the Glyph even further before the consumer devices come off the line. Once we can figure out what sort of options to build into the delivery process we’ll let you know. In short, you should be seeing a lot more hardware updates in the coming months as our manufacturers fire up their engines and we put the finishing touches on the design. There’s also much more to be excited about. CES is a month away and we’re looking forward to sharing the technology and its future with the community. Not long after that we’re going to be testing new prototypes and applying them to new frontiers in computing, gaming and media streaming. And we’ve got a few awesome partnerships coming down the line that we’re really excited to share with you. Thanks to all of you for being patient with the process and for understanding the complexity of delivering an enormous hardware project. We know that Kickstarter is about community funding, building a product together and supporting new technologies -- but we also know that we have products to deliver and promises to keep. We’ll do our best to stay on the above schedule and we’ll keep the community flush with updates along the way. All of our best, Team Avegant Those of you who read the funding press release probably noticed that we'll be revealing the deliverable Glyph's final design at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas early next year. We thought long and hard about how to approach CES and now, fully committed to a visit, we wanted to share with you our ultimate strategy. Right now we have a booth booked on the show floor at the Sands Expo Center in Tech West. There, we'll be showing off the design of the final product as well as the family of technologies that evolved into the deliverable Glyph. We wont be doing live demos on the show floor -- it's far too noisy and distracting -- but we'll have some space set aside for private business meetings. Our plan right now is for CES to be the launch of our design prototypes. At a later, larger event in the early part of the year, we plan to do a bigger launch with live deliverable demos and a wider footprint. Once that's in the books we'll let you know exactly when and where that will be. Should any of you find yourself in Las Vegas we'd love to see you. Joerg, Ed, Allan and a few other key players will be running around the floor and will be willing to answer questions and shed any light on our developmental pathway. As usual, it should be a fun and exhausting event. CES also plays into a larger launch and delivery strategy that we hinted at in our last update. With most of the pieces now in place, we should be ready to share our upcoming milestones in our next Kickstarter update. In the meantime, we look forward to seeing you on the road. Team Avegant Late one evening in the Canary.is offices of New York City we were comparing notes on crowdfunding campaigns among a few hardware founders and the Canary guys asked how much we had raised. "$1.5M," we told them. They grew serious, briefly, and put down their beers. "You're going to need a lot more than that." They were right. Building a hardware company from absolute scratch through design, testing, manufacturing and distribution is a labor and cost-intensive process. Sure, it's possible to put every cent towards design, tooling and shipping, but supporters of Avegant and the Glyph deserve more than that. They deserve a well-thought-out product and the opportunity to see their support bear fruit into a sustainable, respectable company. We'd like that too. While manufacturing and delivering the Glyph is our number one priority, we also want the opportunity to bring you later generations of the technology and flex our muscles in other product categories. And that takes investment. We've been carefully talking to Intel Capital for the last few months about the prospect of a round of venture funding, one that will lock in our manufacturing contracts and secure the near-term future of the company. As of this week, we're pleased to announce that investment round is final. In addition to Intel Capital, several other groups participated in the extended series A round including NHN Investment, Kaiwu Capital, and yes, Snoop Dogg. The full round raised just short of $9.5M and you can see a full release from Avegant and Intel respectively here and here . As to the nature of this investment and how it will affect operations at Avegant, we expect nothing to change. All of our VC partners support our trajectory and we're not getting pulled into a billion dollar black hole. There was no Champagne -- we're still working around the clock, eating take out sushi and fretting about the future. With this funding in this place, we now simply have the assurance that we can do a good job and deliver a product that we can all be proud of. If you read the above press release, you also may have noticed that we've committed to revealing our final design at CES early next year. We're still in the process of formalizing our approach to that conference, but when we have a solid idea of our presence we'll share that with you. As well, we expect an update on the manufacturing and delivery milestones within the next few weeks. Back to work for us. Team Avegant We've been working on testing the ergonomic fit of the deliverable Glyph with the developmental prototype and its cousin, the ergomule, over the last few days with the goal of learning more about how the device fits the spectrum of head types out there. A Chinese gymnast, for example, might have a completely different head type from a Danish football player, but they both may want to wear the same device. Our lead industrial designer, Bernie, has been putting the office through the wringer for some of the early testing. After fit parameters are set, each user is assigned to wear the ergomule for an extended period of time and then rank the fit by a range of factors. Given the variety of characters and head types in the office, you can imagine how colorful that dataset is. Past our in-house testing, Bernie's also consulting an external database of human heads around the world, factoring in ethnicity, gender, pupillary distance, nose bridge structure and a host of other metrics. With all of the data combined, he'll distill out final deliverable standards for materials, weights and pressure points -- all critical factors towards defining the best experience for the widest range of users. Bernie's got a big task ahead of him, but he's making great progress on perfecting the final fit of the Glyph. The research continues.... Team Avegant The electrical engineering team shared an update on cabling with us this month that we thought you might enjoy. If anyone remembers the setup on the Glyph Alpha prototype, we were effectively running HDMI signals into each eye after routing them through power injectors plugged into the wall. We've now successfully moved power onboard into a battery and simplified the electronics to only require one cable between the source and the Glyph. The picture above shows the former Alpha setup on the left with the product of our efforts and the developmental Glyph (note: not the final design) on the right. Not pictured, of course, is the Slimport, MHL or Lightning cable that goes to the phone, but you get the idea. Much goes into the process of routing a sole HDMI signal into two eyes separately (in 2D let alone 3D) that we wont get into now, but the fact of the matter is that we've overcome the biggest hurdle in cabling. From here we'll continue to build and refine. Have a nice weekend, Team Avegant Happy Friday from the sunny Redwood City offices of Avegant. We've been hard at work perfecting the internal Glyph electronics over the last few months, and things are going well. As part of that effort, we recently finished assembling and testing a Glyph prototype solely for engineering purposes -- one in which we can drop things like a set of optics or test connections specifically for product testing and verification. We call it the development prototype. Next week we're going to start sharing a few facets of the final design that have been successfully integrated into the development prototype, updates hot off the engineering line and ready for testing and validation. Later on, with all of the components tested and integrated, we'll work on perfecting the external industrial design and scaling up to manufacturing. You might be asking yourself about the look and feel of the current development prototype. A portion of the ergonomic updates are going to be integrated into this device, but the actual aesthetic outer structure is going to remain under wraps for a few months as we file the right paperwork and get our designers in order. Rest assured, the final design concept looks GREAT and we're working hard to marry it with the electronic insides -- we just want to make sure that everything's in order before we go live. Stay tuned for a few great updates about the electronics and the developmental prototype, and have a lovely weekend. Team Avegant We're growing once more. When Avegant was founded, we knew that our engineering, marketing and executive teams would have to expand rapidly, and the time has now come to add a manager with deep experience in successfully bringing consumer electronics to market. That person is Joerg Tewes. He'll join Avegant this month as our new CEO, working side by side with Ed and Allan to manage our operations. Ed will continue to work in his founding role on strategy, media and partnerships as Chief Strategy Officer, while Allan will continue to drive engineering and product development as Chief Technology Officer. Joerg comes to us with years of experience as Vice President and General Manager of the Digital Home Business Group at Logitech, where he oversaw the development and commercialization of numerous home electronics, including the Harmony remote control product family. Prior to that, he was the managing director of webcams at Logitech and also a Vice President of Engineering at Pinnacle Systems. In the short, he's the right person to shepherd this company from startup to consumer electronics powerhouse. Over the next few weeks we'll be introducing Joerg to the community and our partners as we continue to hone in on our manufacturing deadlines and our design iterations. Expect to see much from him, Ed and Allan as they continue to push through operations and build Avegant. We've passed a great milestone in bringing Joerg into the team, and we can't be more excited about what the future holds for us. Stay tuned for some great hardware updates we have in the works over the coming weeks and as always, thanks for your support. Team Avegant Glyphletes: A quick break from our regular programming to send a reminder about shipping addresses. We've been fielding a few questions each day about updated addresses and timing, so we figured a general message would be helpful for all. Here's how the eventual shipping process will work for those of you that backed our Kickstarter for a Glyph: Since the delivery date is still sliding based on the manufacturing timeline, we want to collect addresses only a few weeks prior to shipping. This ensures that everyone is in their most updated location prior to sending out orders -- we'd hate for a Glyph to be sent to your old address. Kickstarter actually has tools to orchestrate this; once we're ready to start collecting addresses you'll get a survey directly from Kickstarter that specifically solicits your info. In case you're wondering (and depending on what reward level you chose), there will also be a survey for what specific colors and other configurations you want. Waiting stinks, we know. Rest assured that once we need addresses we'll call. Team Avegant image credit: The nice people at Digital Kitchen . Greetings Glyphletes, As promised, we put together a brief survey to capture your thoughts on the upcoming and future Glyph. Take the survey here . We'd love your thoughts. The survey should take less than ten minutes and it'll give us valuable insight into our important community. On Monday, the 18th of August we'll grab 12 email address from the collection of completed surveys and send out Frisbees. Don't delay! Thanks again - Team Avegant Hey Glyphletes! During our Kickstarter campaign we received a ton of suggestions about product features from members of the Avegant community. The suggestions covered a huge range of applications and technologies, opening our minds to how many end-uses we globally face. Some plan to use the Glyph as a display for their home computer; others want to use it for interactive gaming; still others are planning to use it to watch movies and web content while commuting. We want to know more about how you ultimately plan on using your Glyph. While the hardware specifications for our first release are close to finalized, your feedback will help us shape our plans for the future and even impact the engineering work that is going on today. We value your opinion and want your voices heard! Tomorrow we'll be sending out a survey to all of you who contributed to the campaign. We'd love if you could tell us a bit about yourself and give us your thoughts on how you'd eventually like to use the Glyph. As an incentive, we'll be sending out a dozen Frisbees to a random set of respondents. Expect to hear back on that next Monday, the 18th, so get your responses in by then! Thanks as always for your continued support. -Team Avegant Hey everyone, it’s Allan Evans (Avegant's CTO) taking over this Kickstarter newsletter for a quick important shipping update. Our Kickstarter backers are one of our most important resources at Avegant, so I want you all to be the first to know that our preorder delivery is going to be pushed back. It’s been an extremely busy year so far and we’ve made amazing progress in building out and scaling the Glyph. Our engineering team has more than tripled in size. We’ve hired an industrial designer and augmented his work with a local firm, and they have been running at full speed making the Glyph as beautiful and comfortable as possible. We’ve consolidated the entire engineering team in a single office in the Bay Area and are well into the process of formalizing relationships with manufacturers, shippers and distributors. Most importantly, we’ve been constantly refining the Glyph prototypes with the user experience at the forefront of our process. We are working long productive hours and it seems like every engineer is living in the office. (Good thing we get along!) There’s much more to do. Our great challenge at Avegant is delivering a Glyph that meets my expectations as CTO, meets your expectations as early adopters, and perfectly marries our technology with mechanical engineering and industrial design. If we get any of those wrong – say just about everything works perfectly and is delivered on time but the flip-down mechanism is slightly imperfect – then we have created a product that doesn't meet our promise to deliver an amazing user experience. So far, we have already invented and patented several new optical, mechanical, and electrical components just to make the Glyph meet the high performance demands that a near eye display requires. Now we need to combine these inventions together to carefully build and test the next-generation prototypes. I’ve been actively working with our engineering team and our board members to refine the manufacturing and shipping schedule over the last weeks – one that will deliver a product both steeped in engineering excellence and with the high standards of our important community. Right now, that forecast pushes our delivery past our intended delivery date. We'll know exactly when once our manufacturing profiles start to take shape. Approving of this delay was one of the hardest decisions I have ever had to make. We chose to build the best Glyph possible rather than manufacture and ship a design that only incrementally improved the Glyph Alpha. After seeing several of the major improvements we have made and watching the industrial design mature, I am absolutely sure you will appreciate that decision. If you read between the lines above, there’s also some great news for you early backers: because of our extra prototyping cycles, we’re skipping the beta product and moving our delivery straight to the consumer product. This means you’ll get all of the functionality and reliability of the final Glyph that people at Best Buy or Amazon receive (including warranty) in addition to the awesome personalization like color selection, engraving and custom LEDs and cables based on your Kickstarter selections. And that’s with a delivery before anyone else on the consumer market. Your first question is undoubtedly going to be "So when exactly do I get my Glyph?" and believe me -- that's at the forefront of my mind as well. The answer is complicated. It's got to do with testing, manufacturing and precision, all things that we're meticulously tying together through the summer. While I can't give you an exact date, I can promise you two things. The first is that the Glyph that you receive is going to be even more amazing than anything we envisioned during the original Kickstarter campaign. I walk through the rows of engineers in our Redwood City office and am amazed daily at the innovation and creativity going into this product. To me it is humbling and it’s inspiring -- and I know you'll feel the same way too. The second promise that I want to make is even more communication and transparency from the company as the timeline comes into focus. Our marketing team has been doing superb work in maintaining our social profiles, updating our forums and sending updates out to the pre-order communities. With this delay, I've asked them to double down on their efforts, increase the volume of updates and do everything they can to maintain an open and transparent forum for you to communicate with us. If it isn't obvious, you need to know that we're here, we're working hard and that we're not going away. Between now and delivery we’ve built interim milestones into our schedule for both our community and our board to gauge our progress. Expect us to wrap up our design phase for the final product shortly, then produce tactile models of those prototypes through year’s end. Initial production runs come after that and can often take several months. Our team will also continue to take part in industry conferences and community events as scheduled – we’ll have tons of demos and updates to share. I hope you’ll forgive me for pushing back our delivery date to meet these high standards. Kickstarter is a fantastic crowd sourcing mechanism, but it’s also a commitment to work together and support projects that we love and believe in. The road may be a bit longer now, but I’m fully committed to delivering a Glyph to you that will be functional and lovable for many many years. All my best, Dr. Allan Evans – CTO Avegant P.S. - We've started a thread on the forums if you want to discuss the schedule and our thought process in pushing back delivery. I'll see you over there. The most frequent questions we get at Avegant about the Glyph technology have to do with the fit and the form factor. “How heavy is it on your nose?” “Is a head strap necessary?” “Why are you including audio?” Surprisingly, these are some of the most important challenges we’re facing today. Those who saw the Glyph Alpha prototypes know that the image quality is exceptional and that we can easily deliver the technology into your eye. But if we can’t package that display into a device that’s ergonomic and comfortable for all of our users then the product is completely useless. We’ve put extra effort, thus, into our mechanical engineering and industrial design this summer, hiring Bernie Wildner as our head of industrial design as well as ramping up a design firm in San Francisco. Led by Bernie’s vision, we’ve been able to refine our concept of the original Glyph Beta and practically work through the range of ergonomic issues as well as any mechanical constraints set by the engineering design. Late last month, prototypes reflecting that global industrial design started coming off the 3D printers. We’re thrilled with the process so far, and already have a variety of concepts in which we can start packaging electronics -- one of our favorites is above. Stay tuned for more details in the coming weeks. Before we go we should briefly share that our new website should be launching this week. The new design better-illustrates the flip-down mechanism that is so critical to the Glyph’s value, and it also integrates our forums, social feeds and some of the videos we’ve been putting together as case studies. Check back midweek to see the final product. That’s it for now – have a good week! Team Avegant Lots of work in the last two weeks on refining the Beta prototype and building out the foundation for strong manufacturing. You might remember in our last update that we prototyped the flip-down-and-lock mechanism. We've been able to successfully integrate that with a new visor prototype to test the wholly integrated system. -- and we're happy to report that the entire new mechanism is working smoothly. We're now much more confident in our users' ability to consistently and smoothly transition from audio to video mode. One of our designs with a thinner visor is below (note the lock near the base of the visor). Though we have several iterations of industrial design to cycle through, we're making tons of progress. Separately, we've been trying to build the foundation of the company to prepare for not only our Kickstarter manufacturing and delivery but also for the future of Avegant. The primary goal, of course, is to deliver a quality product that fulfills our Kickstarter (and preorder!) commitments. In addition to that though, we we need to start building out the company to prepare for legacy support, later versions and a better, stronger Avegant. It wouldn't be much use to ship a series of Glyph Betas if the company couldn't support and build upon them. Fortunately we've been blessed with strong leadership and some smart advisers in Silicon Valley. This month we hired three mechanical engineers, an industrial designer, and an executive assistant. And we've locked down some nice new office space outside of Redwood Shores, California for the team to share. Without a doubt, scaling our prototypes to a full production is going to be our biggest challenge, and the recent additions to our team will help us work towards our goals faster. With our new resources in place we're currently in the process of refining our roadmap and working with our suppliers on our ideal timeline. We should know more about how precisely we can deliver in a few weeks. In the meantime, we remain committed to working on engineering and doing minimal work in the public eye. We skipped the Augmented World Expo and E3, knowing that the same media don't need to see the same Alpha prototype that we've been carrying around the planet. But we did pop up briefly at Glazed Conference in SF (above), in last month's Wired and we'll be in an upcoming spot on Gadget Man in the UK. Keep an eye out for that later this summer -- here's a teaser: Thanks as always for your continued support and patience. Avegant and the Glyph are going to be very strong at the end of this campaign. We couldn't have done it without you guys. Team Avegant Hello Glyphletes, A few nice updates as May plods into the summer and we continue development of the Glyph Beta. One of the most unique facets of the Glyph design is the ability to use the device in headphone or video mode -- the whole flip-down visor concept. That design requires a very robust mechanism to rotate the headphones while the ear cans stay in place, and we're happy to report that we've made some good progress in building that out. A prototype of the mechanism (without integrated optics) is below. That black panel outside of the ear can and inside of the white plastic actually allows the headband to rotate up and down. Those who tried the Glyph Alpha probably noticed how clunky the transition is between audio and video mode. With these changes, the movement should be easier, faster and more durable. Separately, our finance team has been in digging through the issues of Value Added Tax for shipping Glyph Betas internationally. VAT for a company like ours is complicated because rules vary by country and we don't want our early backers to suffer the burden of any egregious fees. So we're going to make it official: Avegant will be covering the VAT for all shipped rewards. The shipping fee for all Glyph Betas on the current preorder page at avegant.com will also cover VAT. We're still working out duty as it depends on how the Glyph will be classified. We should have more information on that this summer. Beyond those updates we've been keeping pretty quiet on the media front in an effort to stay focused on engineering and logistics. Check out this story from Crain's that came out this month (opens in PDF) if you're interested in another company profile. In the meantime, we'll be hard at work. Team Avegant. Hello there Glyphletes, If any of you follow us on Facebook or Twitter you may have noticed that we got our batch of Avegant Science Fuel in last week. We're going to start shipping those rewards (from the $50 level) as well as Frisbees (from the $25 level) next week. As part of that, we need to send a survey to everyone who pledged at those levels to capture your current shipping info. Please keep an eye out for that email from Kickstarter later this week and try to get it complete by next Monday. We'll be processing a big batch of boxes on Monday and Tuesday. In addition to the engineering efforts over the past few weeks, we've been working hard at building and establishing our community of users, and one particular area of focus has been the forums. Thanks to a variety of backdoors and loopholes in the Vanilla forum install that we're using, spam has been rampant, making it nearly impossible to participate in the discussions without digging through pages of detritus. Last week, after a fortnight of trying to install a battery of spam solutions on our own, we called in some external developers to help fix the problem. We're in the process of testing those solutions right now – you may have already noticed a lighter load of spam – and hopefully we can get back to business shortly. We encourage you to stop by the forums this week; there are already a few great threads going strong. Otherwise, you can always lob product questions, cat videos and general banter over to us on the social medias. Finally, with engineering and production ramping up to full speed we've decided to expand our office out in San Francisco. With the range of resources and talents available to us in the Bay Area it's really best for us to focus our efforts out there. Our production schedule means that we're also expanding our team beyond our core electrical and mechanical engineers. Right now we're looking to selectively hire: Electrical engineers Mechanical engineers Senior industrial designers An office administrator A bookkeeper If you've got experience in working with optomechanical systems or scaling up consumer electronics and you're interested in joining an amazing team that's building the next generation of near eye displays, please reach out. Send a cover letter and resume over to <email> and we'll take a look. Note as well that we can only hire US citizens. Thanks to all for your patience with the forums and the team as we work through a variety of solutions and get them implemented. We're sorry it's taken so long – the community is a core component of Avegant's future – but a solution should be in place. We look forward to seeing you there. Team Avegant Happy spring everyone. Maybe it will stick this time. Things have been moving along nicely on several fronts here at Avegant and we wanted to give you an update on the happenings-on. While it’s always been our goal to stay focused and work on engineering during the spring and summer months, a few nice opportunities on the media front have presented themselves. Over the course of the last several weeks a few of us met some great folks at the Game Developer’s Conference and Macworld in San Francisco, walking away from the latter event as one of the two best breaking technologies within the entire conference. We also joined the Immersive Technology Alliance with a few other leading near eye display companies. On the engineering front, we’re working hard to update the Glyph Alpha with electronics and optics that will be part of the Glyph Beta that you finally receive. We just developed and are in the process of testing a new set of video boards (above) that will help deliver the final, high-quality theater experience. And a new set of optics have been tested that cut down on any field curvature at the edges of the image, meaning a better, sharper picture. So if any of you recall the image quality of the Glyph Alpha demos – well, it’s going to improve even further. Neil (VP of Engineering) is going to be integrating those optics into one of the Glyph Alphas for testing this month, and we'll be continuing our evaluation through the summer. Speaking of staff, we’re bringing in specialists in optical and mechanical engineering at the end of the month to help us expand our design and manufacturing footprint. The acquisitions are careful, measured moves to strengthen our team and build in-house capabilities; we’re looking forward to introducing you all in May. Beyond that, we remain optimistic about our manufacturing timeline and the quality of the displays that we're producing. All manufacturing efforts face unforeseen difficulties and snags -- we expect adversity -- but on our current pathway we're still looking good for a late 2014 delivery. We'll keep you updated. Team Avegant. Happy spring everyone. Only three weeks have passed since the conclusion of our Kickstarter campaign and we wanted to give you an update on the happenings at Avegant. First up: business. Kickstarter and Amazon should have successfully billed each of you for the amount pledged during the campaign. A few of you had issues with declined/canceled credit cards and either Grant or Jonathan should have reached out to you in the past week to help rectify any problems. If you haven’t heard anything at all from us, please send us another note in the Kickstarter messages. Though unlikely, it’s possible that a few emails slipped through the cracks. It’s important to note that we have a modest amount of time to sort out any transactional issues and get the campaign rewards sorted out. When we have manufacturing sussed out and an idea of our material limitations, we’ll send a survey out asking for specifics on your pledges (colors, etchings etc) as well as requesting a shipping address. That survey will likely come in the second quarter of 2014. Backers who signed up for Science Fuel or frisbees will get theirs sooner. On the engineering side of things, our team has been very busy laying the foundation for the mechanics of the Glyph Beta. A spectrum of our partners in all corners of the design are ramping up to full speed and we should have some refined designs to show you all in the next few weeks. Already we’ve made improvements to the power source. For those of you who saw us at one of the road shows or other physical demos, you probably noticed the assortment of cables that we had interlaced into the research prototypes. In our pathway to an independent, onboard power solution, we’ve created an external battery box to make the Glyph prototypes more agile and portable. Next step: integrating that power box into the Glyph form factor. Though the lion’s share of our work has been on engineering tasks, we’ve also spent a bit of time on the marketing side keeping the community up to speed with the Glyph technology. This week we spent a good chunk of time at South by Southwest showing off the technology, and Yobie’s friend Snoop tried to give us a shout out on Engadget . We also got great spots on CNBC , Discovery News (upcoming!) and CBS This Morning as well as the top prize in the SXSW accelerator speed pitches. Coming up, we’ll have small presences at the Game Developer’s Conference next week as well as Macworld the week after. If you have specific needs or interests at either of those conferences, send Grant an email at grant.martin[AT]avegant[dot]com and set up a meeting; we wont be on the show floor at GDC and we’re in the midst of setting up a kiosk at the Macworld conference. More on that soon. We’ll also keep you all posted on any other public demos going on over the next few weeks. Sadly, we can’t do private demos for our backers at GDC or Macworld, but if there’s enough demand we’ll be sure to set up a happy hour here or there. And we already have a few things in the works. That should be all for now. Rest assured that we're all extremely busy. See you all on the road. Team Avegant Greetings Kickstarter Backers, We finished the Kickstarter funding portion of our campaign this morning at a point just over $1.5M, six times our initial goal of $250,000. Thank you so much for your contribution. Dozens of interested supporters have been asking about how they can get a Glyph Beta after the campaign, so we've updated our homepage to include a portal for continued presales. Backers can continue to order Glyph Betas via Shoplocket over at avegant.com , though delivery on those units will be later than on the Kickstarter units. It's been a wild ride and we can't thank our backers enough for joining us -- but the journey is just beginning. From here we're putting our entire effort into engineering and scaling up production. We have immediate meetings in California next week and Asia and Texas over the next month, plus lots to do in laying the foundation for the future of our company. We expect to keep you well-informed on our process. Look for updates every 1-2 weeks over the course of the year and all sorts of outreach and social media. In the meantime, we're going to be scaling up our presence on the Avegant Forums, so if you have comments or discussions, head over there and jump into the fray. Additionally, a few of us will be at South by Southwest in early March. Feel free to reach out if you're going to be in town. That should do it for now. We have to get back to work and start looking towards December. We'll be here if you need us -- on the weekends, late at night. Stop by the forums and say hi. Oh and while we're saying thanks, our partners at Texas Instruments and Tekna also wanted to chip in and send you their best. We'll leave the floor with them on the way out. From Texas Instruments : Texas Instruments DLP® technology enables power efficient, bright, high resolution images rich with color, contrast and clarity for a broad number of applications ranging from near-eye display to digital cinema projectors. TI is excited to supply our latest, cutting edge DLP® Pico™ technology to Avegant, enabling the Glyph to create a cinema-like experience in a wearable form factor. For more information on DLP® Pico™, please visit <url>– out. On the Glyph Alpha, our team lead the initial conceptual development, detailed mechanical development and component packaging, as well as the final exterior aesthetic design. Tekna is a full service product development firm with over 25 years of experience in the medical and consumer product industries. Check out our full line of capabilities on our homepage . Thanks again everyone. See you on the forums. Ed, Allan, Yobie, Mark, Neil, Aaron, Jonathan, Emma and Grant Hey everyone. We're back in the United States for all-hands-on-deck during the final days of our campaign. Thanks for being patient with us as we jetlagged our way around the roadshow and dozens of business meetings; while we're trying our best to keep things organized and calm, not all queues can work quietly and quickly. We're sorry about that. We had some good meetings in London ironing out logistics for shipping, and we want to give you all some insight into how that process is going. Ultimately, it looks like we're going to be setting up distribution channels in the UK and maybe a couple of other spots around the world to localize shipping and reduce extraneous fees for the consumers. Which exact warehouses and carriers we choose is still in process, but the goal is to move shipping as close to our consumers as possible and thereby reduce fees. Right now we can't give exact numbers and costs because we don't know the exact weight of the packaging and the laws and fees in your home countries. Know, however, that we're working as hard as possible to keep shipping costs low for our backers. If we can come up with an even better solution over the course of the year -- whether that's with a expedited private jet or Allan going door to door with a donkey cart -- we'll look into it. As we pass the T-36 hour mark until project completion, some have been asking about stretch goals at $1.25 or $1.5M. We don't have plans to include additional stretch goals at this point; engineering is at maximum capacity and we're working hard to finish this campaign strong, so we're going to stay focused on keeping the ship stable. The team should be back in the office for the next 38 hours answering questions and seeing to a clean completion of the campaign. Thanks to all of you for your thoughts on stretch goals and shipping. We're almost at the finish line. Team Avegant Greetings from London, Glyphletes. It's been a busy week at Avegant, with several of the team in London, several in New York and still others on the west coast of the US. On Wednesday we stopped by the Kickstarter HQ in Brooklyn, NY to show off the technology and talk about global strategy. Little did we know that Kickstarter would have a security breach that day and that all of our accounts would be compromised. Luckily, it doesn't appear that any unauthorized actvity has taken place -- Amazon does all of the payment processing after all -- but we strongly recommend that you change your Kickstarter password. One can never be too safe. Moreover, we want to underscore that continuting (or initiating) your support of the Glyph on Kickstarter does not put you at further risk for data loss. Our friends at Kickstarter resassure us that the breach was localized, that the hole has been closed and that credit card data are safe. We trust them to stay on top of the situation. Moving on, a brief update on shipping. We're in London early this week to look into a few international shipping options. This week there's a big push to resolve any unknown questions on this front so that everyone can have full visibility into their cost commitments. We promise to give you all of the details before the campaign ends, but to reiterate: we are working very hard on shipping solutions. Expect more from us on the campaign timeline and shipping later this week. The home stretch is upon us. Team Avegant Good news Glyphletes, we crossed the $1M funding goal yesterday afternoon. Helping us along the way was a top-notch interview that Ed gave on CNBC's Squakbox this Tuesday and a nice spot from CNN . As promised, we're locking in the $1M stretch goal of custom engraving on each shipped Glyph. We'll send out details on that process (as well as opt-outs) later in the campaign. Looking at the spectrum of comments that have been rolling in, we realized that we need a better forum in which to discuss the myriad issues and opportunities that backers will face in the next year. So we've installed the Avegant Forums to get that community started. We're in the process of updating the forums right now, including a FAQ download and some of the other foundational content. But if you want to stop by and get your own discussion rolling, then please feel free. And if you see any gaps, let us know. We'll be testing and updating the forums for the next few days and then we'll push it out to a wider audience. Don't forget, we have roadshows coming up in South Bay (tonight!), Boston and Seattle too. Cheers, Team Avegant As some of our early backers begin to get settled and comfortable with our campaign, several have been asking about the mechanism for shipping the Glyphs later this year. Overseas shipping and duty can often be onerous for international backers, and we're extremely sensitive to any excessive fees that could disrupt our community. So we're going to spend some time over the next week researching possible shipping mechanisms and classifications for the Glyph Betas that will soon be delivered. Rest assured that we're doing our best to keep taxes and other fees low and we have a few possible avenues to pursue. We should have more insight on the process later this week. In the meantime, most of us on the team will be crisscrossing the country getting manufacturing ramped up and ironing out any press coverage that the Glyph is garnering. Tentatively, Ed is going to be on CNBC on Tuesday morning at 6:20 AM talking about the technology, while Allan, Aaron and Neil will be in Boston working on scaling up our manufacturing. Since we'll already be in New England, we're going to add a roadshow in Boston for the evening of Monday, February 10th -- probably in Cambridge (go Crimson) -- but we'll confirm the spot this week. Until then, you can sign up for free tickets here . We also added a show in the South Bay (San Francisco) for Thursday, February 6th. Tickets to that are here . No more shows are are in the works at this time. Oh, we mentioned Aaron and Neil in the above paragraph. Aaron is one of our hardware leads and Neil is our VP of Engineering. Both graduated from the University of Michigan along with several of the guys on the team, Aaron with his MS and Neil with his PhD. Since leaving college, Aaron has been working for Google while Neil has been leading engineering teams in Ohio. Both are great, patient cornerstones of the company, and if you come to the happy hour in Boston you may see them. During our happy hour in Chicago we had the chance to shoot a few photos with Grant's SLR. It was nice seeing several of our backers at the event, particularly Jeff J, who wrote a lavish commentary on the experience at AVS forums. Check out the thread if you get a spare six or seven hours. We'll close with a few photos of the event in Chicago. Thanks to those who made it out and those still coming to future events -- they've been a blast so far. Team Avegant Hey everyone, With questions coming in from multiple directions (thanks to Crowdfundingforum , the Kickstarter Message Boards, the Kickstarter comment pages, Star Citizen , AVS Forums and a zillion commenters on Engadget ) we thought it might be fun to get Ed and Allan, our CEO and CTO respectively, together to answer some fast-fire questions from the community. A great forum for that is actually on Reddit , so starting at noon New York time (that is, NOW) we'll have the guys there answering questions. Feel free to drop in, say hi and ask any ridiculous question you can muster. Here's the link . Enjoy the discussion. Team Avegant Hey everyone, After listening to the Glyph comment threads and fielding an inbox full of messages, we wanted to lock in the $1M stretch goal for custom engraving. This means that ALL of our Kickstarter backers who buy a Glyph or Glyph special edition during the campaign will have the option to engrave a limited edition message and the backer number on the side of the left ear can. We'll vote on the precise language after the campaign closes and you can opt out of any part (or all of) the engraving as well. Thanks to everyone who weighed in on the $1M stretch goal process and to those who understand the difficulty of meeting challenging engineering milestones. We're doing our best to make you all happy and keep you engaged, so please forgive us if the message is occasionally foggy. At the end of the day, we're all still getting Glyphs! Today begins week two of our campaign. Wish us luck as we push through the middle. We're headed to the Chicago event to shoot some photos for you all. Team Avegant Day six! As we enter the middle of our campaign with some insight into our Kickstarter funding pathway, we're kicking off some internal engineering efforts and ironing out all of the media coverage that is filtering through the grapevine. As part of that, we were thrilled to discover that we broke the funding record for the fastest to raise a goal of $250,000. That's a pretty great feeling. Thanks to everyone who helped make that happen. To date, our stretch goals have helped create wider variety of body color options and soft-shell cases with all shipped Glyphs. We've also decided to globally include noise cancelling, which was our original $1M stretch goal. Looking forward, at $1M we want to continue that line of incentives while carefully balancing the load on our engineers and infrastructure. So far, designing and manufacturing the Glyph has been an enormous effort for us. We've given years of engineering research, sleepless nights, Sunday-night phone calls and redeye flights to bringing the Glyph to this stage, and we're happy to be giving you a product that we're proud of. Because of that, we want to hold off on making any aggressive hardware changes to the Glyph Beta as a stretch goal. Adding components like cameras or extra wireless antennas can mean extra engineering cycles and delays in the manufacturing process, and that puts our deliverable deadlines at risk. We have to stay focused on meeting that deadline so that you can have your Glyph in hand as soon as possible. We do, however, want to reward our Kickstarter backers for your loyalty and early investment, so we're looking into design modifications strictly for campaign backers. Right now, we're looking into engravings with the backer number and "Kickstarter Edition" on the left ear (opposite the control wheel). If the manufacturing on that pans out, we'll make it official tomorrow. Thanks to all of you for your continued support and wealth of ideas during the mid-campaign. We assure you all that we're reading each comment and discussing every single update and stretch goal. At the end of the day, you'll receive the best Glyph that we can possibly produce. Team Avegant Hey everyone, happy Monday from the frigid middle of America. There was a lot of discussion in our comments this weekend about stretch goals and further incentives for backers as our funding extends beyond our initial goal of $250,000. Thanks to all of you for your feedback and insight. Stretch goals for us are a great way to expand the footprint and applicability of the Glyph and we're excited to explore a variety of options for the final Glyph Beta deliverable. We're being careful in what we commit to, though, because we want to make sure that we don't overpromise or overextend ourselves. Building and designing the Glyph itself is an extremely articulate and time-consuming process, and it took almost two years to get to the point of the Alpha prototype. Adding stretch goals like onboard cameras and wider fields of view represents a significant overhaul to the hardware system and puts our ultimate deliverable deadline at risk. We want to be careful about setting realistic goals. Similarly, we can't overload the project with too many stretch goals and engineering milestones. With that said, we have a few solid ideas for the $1M stretch goal. Our engineering team is currently running some numbers and we should have resolution for you tomorrow. And look! We’re almost at our $750,000 stretch goal! Huzzah! Speaking of staff, now's a good time to introduce you to a few of our team members. You probably are already familiar with Ed Tang, our CEO whose mug is on the Kickstarter campaign. Ed has been working as an electrical engineer in the Ann Arbor area for the last ten years as both an entrepreneur and investor. He has a great deal of experience in hardware development and is the team's patient leader and compass. Allan Evans is our CTO and is the father of the Glyph technology. After getting his doctorate in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan, he worked on micromirror development in a national lab for several years before moving back to Ann Arbor to start Avegant with Ed. Allan is our most ebullient team member. The person from whom you get most communication (and typos) is Grant Martin. Grant graduated as a Materials Engineer and worked additionally as a writer and editor at AOL and the BBC prior to getting recruited to Avegant by the other engineers. He and Allan used to play frisbee together. We also have a handful of other scientists running around the country showing off the technology and developing the next generation of the Glyph. We'll introduce them in future updates. It has been a very busy week for all of us, but we're working exceptionally -- sleeplessly in many cases -- hard to make sure this campaign runs properly and that you all get the Glyphs (and coffees and frisbees) that you deserve. We appreciate your patience as we balance communication and engineering. To help simplify things we've distilled many of the questions in our comments out into a new Kickstarter-designed FAQ at the bottom of the main campaign page. Please take a look through that to see if it answers any of your outstanding questions. As you probably guessed, there's much to discover. We'll be back with more updates on the new stretch goals tomorrow. Thanks to everyone for a great weekend of fundraising. Team Avegant Day Three. We're slowly starting to dig out of the initial orders and questions. Thanks again to everyone who supported us so far, you've been awesome. We talked among the team about stretch goals and have come to a few decisions. At $500K (that is, yesterday), we're going to expand the number of available body colors for the regular Glyph $499 contribution or the $499 special edition to include Red, Green and Orange. LED and HDMI colors will remain blue and black respectively on the regular edition. Customized LED and HDMI colors for the special edition will remain among the currently offered options. You'll be able to pick your colors after the campaign is finished. At $750K we'll include a basic semi-rigid fabric protective case with all shipped Glyphs (excluding the $999 version with a customized case). We still haven't picked the precise design yet, but we'll send that out later. We'll update the home Kickstarter page with details of the stretch goals (and we'll post some new renderings at Avegant's homepage) but we wanted to let you all know the details first. Moving on, our Roadshow page has been updated to reflect new events in Dallas and Austin. We are also working on a South Bay event in addition to the currently planned happy hour in San Francisco. Finally, we also fixed the broken links on the Roadshow page. Onward and upward. Thanks to everyone for their feedback and their continued support. After an amazing 24 hours we're finally coming up for air, and we couldn't be more thrilled with results. In just over four hours we were able to blow past our original funding goal of $250,000, and we're now just short of doubling it at $500,000. THANK YOU -- so much -- to everyone for your help in getting the Avegant Glyph off the ground and for making a commitment to back this project. We're confident in our manufacturing and our design teams, and want to reiterate our commitment to delivering rewards to your door later in the year. We plan on shipping Glyphs out as quickly as they are manufactured, and we plan on delivering units in the order that you backed them. Your first-day effort to support us means you will be the very first ones to get Glyphs in your hands! It's now time to start mapping out our stretch goals and our plans for bringing the Glyph Alpha prototype out into the community. The team is working hard to identify and design perks that we can give to our backers at the $500k, $750k and $1M levels, and we should have more concise details on the nature of those awards tomorrow. Now that you have supported us to the point where we know that manufacturing will proceed, we want to continue to spread the word about the Glyph and strengthen our network. As part of that we're inviting you out to the Avegant Roadshow . Since the Glyph is such an eyes-on experience, we've decided to bring the physical alpha prototypes to select cities around the world and demonstrate how the technology works. If you looked into this kickstarter and heard the skeptics ask "but how does it REALLY look inside?" then this is your chance to bring them out and show them how amazing it is! Tickets are free and in most cases, drinks are provided. Check out roadshow.avegant.com for details and keep an eye out! The first event is TOMORROW in Miami! Thanks again everyone! We'll update you with stretch goals tomorrow. The Avegant Team Hi Eric, I'm sorry you're experiencing issues with the Avegant headset. You can forward your inquiry to <email> - thank you @Douglas @Dan I guess that wording was a bit confusing. Any standard micro HDMI-HDMI cable will work perfectly well with the device. The cable that will be shipping in the box, however, will have custom Avegant branding. In general we try to stay on top of direct messages and let the community have their take in the general comments section, Don. Lots of bits are being exchanged both in the updates section and over on the forums (avegant.com/forums) -- both of which we encourage you to peruse. In the future, we'll also try to be more active in the general comments. Thanks to all for being patient on the scheduling. While we had some initial delays, we're still on track for delivery this fall. @James Sure thing. There's a CAPTHCA that we're looking at right now Jean-Guy -- just have to get our developer to integrate it. Sorry for the delay :) @jean-guy Emma went through and vacuumed up some of the spam. We're working with Vanilla to streamline the antispam. Thanks for the heads up. Don't forget our recent spots on CNBC and CBS this Morning <url>"Content - What sort of content works with the Glyph?" Since many backers want to buy it to play games & watch movies. Is it possible to plug it into the desktop pc (window 7) & laptop (XP) to use it as a monitor plus ear piece? > You can plug it into anything with an HDMI-out, including a desktop PC. . 2B. Possible to use it to do Microsoft words, excel document work with it? As the 80 inch screen 8 feet away from you, sound super great. (Not possible to get a home use 80 inch screen monitor) > Yes. Since the image is so sharp a common desktop environment is quite useable. 3A. Possible to use it as plug and play with desktop pc without using it's using battery power and charge at the same time? (finish my doc work on pc, (fully charge & off to train/bus to continue watching movies, drama & anime etc.) (Plan to use it in that way) > Sure. Just keep it plugged into a USB 3.0 port. 3B. Would it be bad for people eye if they use it to play Starcraft 2, Battlefield 4 on PC for 2-4 hrs at a time? > Nah. The light source is a low powered LED. 4. What the noise level in dB it's possible to block while wearing it? > We don't have that data yet, but the ambient noise of an airplane or a cafe should be blocked well. The ear cans are also quite isolating. 5. Can I use it while lying down on bed without spoiling my eye sight? (would be Great) > Sure. 6. Would it increase power consumption of our hand phone when using it? > No. Power comes from the battery. 7. Do I need still need to use a pc monitor to work and play if I got Glyph? > Only if you want to! The Glyph can replace a monitor as well. @P.!.c.K.!.e! and @Enrique You can wear contacts or glasses, though with glasses you may get a bit of vignetting. @Rajesh, Jean-Guy, David: We have some complicated licensing/patent relationships with a national lab here in the US and Texas Instruments, plus a few really smart Electrical Engineers. Technically it wouldn't be impossible for someone to copy the technology, but it would be very hard for them to replicate our secured relationships. So we have a good head start. @Ryan: You'll be able to pick LED and HDMI separately -- they wont need to match. @Lawrence. Yes, right the images go separately into the left and right eye. Natively this works on a PC. Any 3d video (say from youtube) works fine in side-by-side mode. On a smartphone you'd need the right codecs/software, but it should be easy. @Getouttamyface2: We have to build/test it with the money that we get from KS. Renderings are here: <url>" screen at 8' or a 60" screen at 6' (note how the HMZ-T3W is billed as a 750" virtual screen) -- it effectively looks like a screen as if you were sitting in the middle of the theater. And the image quality! That's an order of magnitude better. Anyways, often times people expect the fully-immersive-Oculus experience when putting on the Glyph and they're surprised when they see a smaller FOV. We're not really trying to duplicate that experience. Could it be bigger? At some point, yes. But not for the Glyph Beta. Right now we need to produce a FOV that works for this form factor and with global source content to create an off-the-shelf premium media experience. Down the road and depending on the market need we can look at expanding the range of the optics. The field of view is about the same as the Sony HMZ, about 45°, except significantly brighter and sharper. It feels like you're sitting in the middle of movie theater. @Dave, Yeah we're actually looking into a few options including international distribution and assembly. But we CANT authoritatively say anything yet because nothing is inked. We'll let you know -- there are still 14 days! @Ryan Thibault That is an AWESOME idea. I'd love an update if you get into it. I'm a pi user myself. @Antonio 3D is delivered by putting a different image in each eye. Right now it's side by side video (ie, an extended monitor) between the two eyes, but the final Glyph will be able to support a variety of formats. There will be no IR receiver. Oh hey everyone. Thanks for all of the congrats on the $1M mark. We truly are elated and thankful to everyone who supported us so far. Allan and I (Grant) got to talking during the LA roadshow and decided that we need to take naps after the campaign. We've been working really hard on keeping up with the comments and messages while balancing media and engineering, so forgive us if one or two things slip through the cracks. We're doing our best to get everything answered! @Sean, Yeah, if you want multiple items then just add the total up and pledge extra -- you can leave a note in your pledge that you want multiple items and we'll take note during shipping. Thanks! @Jan - wait. It will be sooo worth it We'll spend some time evaluating the shipping options for international customers to help reduce the fiscal burden. We don't want to cheat the system, but maybe some middle-ground can be found. @Mark Great idea. It is Christmas and Avegant should send everybody gifts :) @lenny and @don The optics are tricky in such a small space. We are working on improving black levels and generally making the image even better than it already looks. @eric and @kevin That is actually a problem we hadn't considered. We will definitely do something to stop Glyph users from being "that guy" on the plane :) @c. Keller We are including a battery for mobile use. We are also setting it up with the option to run powered for a longer period of time. We are constantly exploring wireless solutions in our office and will let people know once we have settled on one that is good enough @egle Message us (on twitter or FB) and we can figure out a time to show you in ann arbor Here you go: <url>"included" cord for the use cases we expect - anyone can obviously use their own cords as well. @Don - we are regularly in the bay area so if you can find 50-100 people that are interested in a particular day during the week we might be able to do something in the south bay. @james in terms of baltimore - we are currently really slammed so it will be hard. We will figure out a way to gauge interest in other cities and let people know if we can add any meet ups. @Simon Tan We have several manufacturing options lined up, both domestic and overseas. @William Recharging the Glyph's battery will be similar to recharging cell phones that use a USB style cable for power. If its plugged into the wall it will charge faster than if its plugged into a USB port. Recharging from the wall will take less than 3 hours. Yes, you can power the Glyph via the microUSB port while you are using it and depending on the source of power (i.e. the wall or newer USB ports) it will recharge the battery while you use it. @Anders We are verifying delivery over the next month. We will be sure we have distribution coverage for countries that amazon does not service so that everyone will get their rewards promptly. @Richard We are probably going to work with Amazon to distribute internationally. We want every one of our backers to get a Glyph without any problems and so we will work with you to solve the problem if amazon doesn't work @william We are exploring different ways to package and carry the Glyph. We will provide a method for carrying it around, but we want to be sure we know how it breaks before we make anything so that the packaging we provide protects it from failure. More importantly, we plan on making the the Glyph itself very robust. @interHMAL We think our early backers are incredibly important to our company, and we don't want to provide them with a poor experience. We have not decided on an official warranty policy yet, but we will be very supportive and you can expect us to service or replace any faulty hardware. @Al Calavicci - our 45 degree field of view is less immersive than the oculus rift. The benefit of our system is that it can play games and movies that already exist from any source including a cell phone or PS4. We also leave your vision open so that you can type on a keyboard or send a text because we think most people want some situational awareness. I have already played many steam games on the Glyph including Portal 2 without any issues. @Cody Johnson: Deliveries for the special edition and the regular Glyphs will be in the same timeframe. @Charlie Chai the standard LED will be blue. @Y. Chung: Yes, with an MBP it's like a large external monitor -- you can adjust the sizes etc after you plug it in. @Low Chong Hong Yes, you can charge it while using it with a USB 3.0 port. @Neo Night - Yup. @Arthur Hyun +2 to -6 @Jim McPherson No, there is no chromatic aberration visible. The micromirror array creates a very sharp image. @Don Gatley - We have strong patent protection :) @Collin Eckel: Crack one for me too. @William Olofsson: Oh of course you'll need an HDMI adapter for your mobile device. I thought you were asking whether or not it would globally work. And it does work with an adapter with Apple & Android devices (etc etc) @William Olofsson: No, you can plug anything (iPhone, iPad, Android, PC, PlayStation) into it. Anything with an HDMI input. @Jan Nope, contacts are fine. @Sanj T There is no difference in delivery date between the special edition and the general glyph rewards. @John Getty The beta will be the only product for the forseeable future, and we're incentivizing KS people to get on board by offering the price of $499. @ShangChe Huang, yes, the Glyph has a diopter that you can adjust from +2 to -6 to accommodate a range of prescriptions. @Y. Chung. Of course! And we should be clear -- we're not sure what the mechanics of an incentive would be, but we do know the value of our initial supporters and want to keep them engaged. We'll have more updates on the topic soon. @Y. Chung -- we're working on an incentive mechanism to engage kickstarter backers with later product iterations, either via a tradein program or some sort of discount. It's in the works, I promise -- we do want to make sure that our initial backers are well rewarded. @ryan There will be a cover for the eye pieces, yes. :) @ Y. Chung - You are correct in that this is the Beta. We haven't set up distribution or retail profiles yet, it's still early in our product lifecycle. But we're also giving you an extremely well developed Beta -- one that should already work fluidly with your content. Being a Kickstarter backer is as almost as much about the community and the growth as it is the final product :) Update: We talked among the team about the noise cancelling messaging and agree that it wasn't clear enough -- so we're going to throw it in with all of the orders irrespective of funding level. Sorry for the confusion! @Dennis: Special edition will let you choose the colors of the LED and the HDMI cables -- an early backer reward. We can only handle 500 of those. Hey, My Glyph doesn't work with my xiaomi mi9. Is there an update? Kind regards Is it possible to have the firmware update posted on your website? Having some issues with the Glyph. They look as though they are charging (red light flashes) but when you switch it on - nothing. Its like the internal battery is dead. I have tried everything that I can find on the net and their own troubleshooting page. Any help would be great. Thanks. I never got my Glyph Why ??? It is over one year and there is still no BT audio update ... Hello I never recieved this reward. Can you help me? <email> would like to sell mine, anyone interesting? Hey guys, anyone interested in buying my Glyph? I'm not traveling a lot it catches more and more dust. So I decided to sell it to someone who will use it mor frequently. emma's opinion will be highly appreciated Bravo! They sent it to Japan. "new system with logistics" did own best! It is beyond any patience! I'm baker #1572 from Russia. 13-may-16 I created a case #3853 because i did not receive anything from avegant. Then I received a message from avegant:" Thanks for the quick reply, we've been trying to ship into Russia for awhile with no avail to do some logistic problems, however as soon as we switch over to UPS i will update you on that again i apologize for the delay. Thanks Zach" There were not any news over a week and I asked again:"Did you forget me?" The answer was:"No not all i apologize for the wait, we still are working out the new system with logistics and I'm still waiting to here back from corporate on when we will start shipping to Russia. Thanks Zach" At the moment over a month passed. No news, nor activity. What a shit is going on? Ivan Lee you are correct also I am getting this issue with the image shifted right and perhaps reduced size from the start of 3D mode. This while using 3D Playstation 3 running Gran Turismo 6. Considering to contact support with issue. Otherwise it's progress in the firmware that matters at this point, 3D at last. The update makes the glyph recognizable as a 3D device, but after pressing the test pattern to adjust focus, and returning back into 3D mode, the glyph's internal screen gets shifted to the right, cutting out a part of the image.. Thanks Lars Nielsen, I updated mind and still not work with my macbook. will try again with win10 tomorrow. I updated the firmware and audio via the mini-display port to HDMI converter now works and it is in stereo :) @Creator Not sure if you still monitor comment here... Anyway I cannot get access to your forum so I post question here! I just got updated my Android APP and ready to update my Glyph to latest version. However, the BT update always stop at 2%. After 2%, the phone APP just say "update failed. Please turn off your Glyph and turn on again to update...." Never able to pass 2%!!!! Anyway to resolve this? Sahey I have the same issue when I use a mini-display port to HDMI converter that is rated for sound and image. The Glyph is detected in the Win10 list of speakers called "Glyph" when it is plugged in via HDMI (through mini display port converter), it automatically tries to send the sound to the glyph rather than build in speakers, but there is no sound in the headphones. If I then connect a 3.5 mini-jack also it sound like an old modem, but if I put in the mini-jack half of the way into the Glyph I get mono sound (better than nothing but annoying and an extra cable) On another computer with build in HDMI I can get sound and image, but the sound is mono through HDMI. If I disable the display and use a mini-jack all the way in I get nice stereo sound :) I hope this helps the devs find the issue. For a beta item I mainly use for desktop work and writing it is semi-acceptable for me. For a 700$ "Premium Audio Personal Theater" bought in a shop it is not. HI,, is everyone have the same problem as me? 1- connect with HDMI have only picture no sound. 2- Connect 3.5mm audio but no sound come through 3- can't connect BT to listen music 4- to harvey don't get feel comfortable to use it at all. :( I was given a FedEx tracking number that was a dud. I emailed your customer support last week and nobody has answered me. Looking at the comments, everybody seems to have received theirs. So, what is happening here?? Either send me the unit right away or refund my pledge! Having used it daily, all from writing E-mails, reading news to YouTube videos and a movie my review is this: I fully recommend the Glyph for people who travel a lot while working. It is the best privacy screen solution I have seen. It even extends the battery life of a laptop when set to "second screen only". From lasting 4½ hour on a full charge, to 6-7 hours (depending on internet usage) as it saves it from powering up the huge laptop screen. It is great if you keep the thing you are interacting with as a separate window in the middle of the screen. You can keep aware of the surroundings, see your hand, mouse, look at papers, other screens and notice when people want to contact you while working (and looking like a present day Geordi La Forge typing with nothing appearing on the monitor others can see) E-mails, reading news, image editing. It often hurts to put them full screen. The edges, especially the bottom are too blurry. You can work within a window at the centre of the screen for hours. But putting it full screen I instinctively turn my head to look at the blurry corner, in order for it to focus. If software could be made so the head tracking could be used as a scroll bar it would be great for working (adding a black edge to the desktop, so you can scroll until the corners are outside of the blurry area. Also remember that it needs a high delta to activate, like the red dot on thinkpads: it should calibrate dynamically [if you do not know the red dot on the thinkpad, buy one then press it consistently for a long time and you will see it re-calibrates, the headset can use the same feature to avoid slowly turning due to instrumentation error or slight changes in posture]) If I eat while watching my temples will hurt. But apart from that I can use it for extended time; 3 hours with the headband and centered windows. Watching a full screen movie gets annoying after about 45 minutes, but a windowed TV-series I can watch for hours too. Without the headband it hurts me after about 30 minutes. Always bring the headband. For those of you wondering: Yes it does fit perfectly into a DELOOP audiophile headphone bag from <url>~ 2.4835 GHz) , Radio Power consumption < 40mW Then I can report it's a sample product used for test only. PLEASE HELP! many thanks! Backer #289 Hong Kong, got my Glyph yesterday. Delivered by SF Express. Pros Nice audio quality Superior picture quality Cons Narrow FOV No bluetooth audio (let me know if i am wrong) No mic (let me know if i am wrong) Price too steep, even for kickstarter early bird. backer #970 Jakarta Indonesia, Mine arrived today. My review is mixed, the video quality is excellent when I got the correct lens setup, the problem after couple minutes I need to readjust the lens setup. The screen is too bright even tough with the lowest bright setup make my eyes bit discomfort. My Glyph arrived yesterday, 4 days ahead of the original estimate from FedEx. Kickstarter is always a bit of a mixed bag, with the last two tech pieces I received being major disappointments (including a "splash-proof" speaker that becomes non-responsive and erratic when splashed). I needn't have worried, though, the build quality in the Glyph is excellent and it operates exactly as advertised (I haven't been able to test the 3D, though, it's unfortunate that it can only do SBS 3D). I sat down and watched some Netflix as a test - I ended up watching 4 episodes of a TV show in a row, or over 3 hours. To say that there is =zero= eye-strain might be a bit much, but the amount of strain is roughly equivalent to staring at a TV screen across a dark room for the same amount of time. The problem with binge watching shows on a Glyph is that because is sits so tight on my head, my ears really begin to hurt after a while. I've noticed the same thing others here have, namely that the bottom corners tend to be out of focus (I managed to fiddle with the focus, etc. to get the top corners looking fine), this is probably a limitation of the lenses and may need a hardware revision sometime in the future to address. It's not a problem when watching movies as your focus is so rarely drawn to the corners of the the screen, but I did notice it when I was playing a game, and I would recommend against watching news programs that use a ticker along the bottom. Great product, would definitely recommend it to all my single friends with enough money to afford the new asking price! Guido> I think you have seriously misunderstood what the Glyph was intended to be. It was never supposed to be an immersive experience, in fact it was designed to be the opposite! It says quite clearly in the campaign that it has a 45 degree field of view, and everybody who has tried it (right from the original prototype in late 2013) has said it looks like watching a screen across the room. What you say are flaws are actually part of the design! This is not a VR headset, you should have bought an Oculus or a Vive for that. This is a media player. Tl;dr - Fantastic product with room for improvement. Guido's misunderstandings don't seem to be Avegant's fault. Mine was delivered two weeks ago without further notice upfront. I have been trying to get a good picture since. In the middle it is bright, but the edges are blurry and trying to get a whole sharp picture has not been a succes up to now. The picture looks like you are watching a screen (large TV or theater) from far away. You're not immersed in the picture and that was what this device should have offered. Watching a movie is a trial because the fit on my head is too tense and none of the nose-patches ar a good fit. So after a good 30-40 minutes I have to take it off, because of uncomfortable pain on my nose and headache. After waiting for this long and the steep price this is a failed product. It is ending up on a cupboard somewhere or on ebay. I have regrets buying it. Well it's one week later and im still just sitting here with a plastic headband that does not work for music or video, whatever i do glyphs video and audio just breaks up every couple of seconds. have sent emails to avegant on kickstarter, on their website, to the support email and directly to Emma, AND STILL no response from anyone. Getting real frustrating being ignored after giving them $1/2k and waiting patiently with delay after delay only to be sent a broken product that should never have passed quality control <url>#1791 @Taiwan Fedex said A Power of Attorney (POA) or form letter, authorizing FedEx/Broker to clear the shipment on behalf of the importer, is required for clearance. ....Okay, so what should we do for that? :( Backer #2089 @japanese Scheduled delivery: Fri, 5/6/2016 by 6:00 pm awaiting! backer number #665 in japan just received tracking number. will be delivered on 5/2 @kZ435PwyRB supposedly you should get an email by tomorrow or Saturday for Japan and the rest of this region, except for HK which is next week plus any stragglers left behind (last batch). :/ Mine says estimated ship date 4/27 estimated delivery 4/28 by 6:00pm But still nothing now........ Backer #882, Singapore, non-engraved. Received the tracking number about 4 hours ago. Estimated delivery is tomorrow by noon. That could be just in time for my b-day *fingers crossed* Hi, My backer #902, non-engraved,Japan Nothing received. When are the Glyph shipped off? Yes. Backer #40, Singapore. Received shipping notice just now. ETD on 29-4-16. Shipper is Yiu Lian Dockyard from Hong Kong. Yeah....finally received tracking no. From Singapore. @Cameron Cooke - you check the Delivery Thread on the forum? Emma left her email there (page 24) so I suggest contacting her instead. I contacted her 2 weeks back and got a response about 3-4 days later. Support email never got a response. Okay, HK backers next week huh? Update from avegant forums, Emma's post Another batch of tracking numbers went out this morning. At this point, we have shipped about 87% of our Kickstarter units. Very close to completion! A few updates for those still waiting: HK backers- We are having some issues because FedEx cannot deliver without a phone number and/or door code. Christine, our head of logistics, has been reaching out to customers one-by-one to mitigate this. Please make sure to keep a look out from an e-mail from her if you have not received one already. Japan, Singapore and Taiwan backers- I apologize that your units have taken so long to ship. Good news is they are scheduled to go out before the end of this week. For those in the Middle East- we are processing units one-by-one and shipping them directly from the office. These should all be out by the end of this week as well. Beyond that, if you are located in the US, Canada, UK/EU, South America, Australia or New Zealand and you have not yet received a tracking number or unit, please feel free to reach out (via e-mail) and let me know. Thanks again to all of our Kickstarter backers for being so patient throughout this process! For all of our pre-orders out there, we charged a subset of people last week. These units are scheduled to start shipping next week (once we have completed all of our Kickstarter orders). We will be rolling out payments to more pre-orders in the next couple of weeks. Keep a look out for confirmation e-mails. Lol Avegant* Update: That has now changed and will be shipped Mid May. What doesn't make sense is that in early April update they said that only 600 non engraved KS units are left to be shipped. So what on earth is happening. They can't ship 600 units in the last few weeks? Worse they don't feel the need/responsibility to let anyone know. Avenging support let me know that HK backers should be shipped next week! Has anyone had any contact from support lately? I've still received no reply to any of the ways of contacting support I have found (messaged them on kickstarter, messaged them from the avegant website and directly emailed the support email) Does anyone know how to call the avegant suport line from the UK, because I'm getting tired of having my emails ignored. Backer #23xx, non-engraved,Taiwan Nothing received the matter of fact they mentioned if we do not choose engraving, it will be faster. Is another empty promise. Though disappointed like some other KS's projects, live just have to move on, business as usual for this group of KS creator. However, few creators were responsive, honoured their promise and even wrote to individual backer to explain the situation. For those who do not follow the Avegant forum, here is part of Emma's post from April 12th <url>#Comment_6344 "Another batch of tracking numbers went out this morning to European backers (about 450). For those asking, here is a break down of what has gone out thus far: -All US units (engraved and non-engraved) -All Canadian units (engraved and non-engraved) -All international engraved units (including EU, Asia, Australia, etc.) -About 450 European units What's left: -Remaining international units (about 600 total)" Oh, no outlook regarding the remaining units? Not even a status update over two weeks later? I know the Glyph will arrive eventually, this post is not about that. I wanted to post on their forum but one has to "apply". And when I thought it couldn't get worse ... this company knows how to infuriate customers. Therefore I'm posting here what I wanted to "vent" over there. @Mort (<url>#Comment_6426) > Let's try some serios food for the troll... *thumbs up* (contentwise) @blaxtar0170 (<url>#Comment_6408) > I believe some of you selectively read the forums. Or maybe the comprehension is not so great. Due to the lack of updates on the KS project page and some comments referring to the Avegant forum I found this thread. Your post is on page 20. Each page holds about 50 posts. Which means to read your post, one had to read about 1.000 others. Mine is on page 24, another ~200 posts later. So much for selectively reading or lack of comprehension... Lack of communication and communicating in the wrong place being the main reasons and fuel for these "whines". Until @emma_from_avegant's "For those asking, here is a break down"-post on April 12, reading the forum was an emotional roller coaster (I'm totally with you @Hyper - happy you got yours in the meantime). I appreciated this update, it really relieved me! My discomposure stems from the "for those asking" part of the post. Why did anyone have to ask in the first place, multiple times? And why does anyone have to read the Avegant forum AT ALL to get ANY UPDATE regarding a product backed via KS? @Toyness, @RedNax All the frustration and venting thereof could have been avoided from the very start. It was Avegants responsibility (and still is) to COMMUNICATE OPENLY AND CONSISTENTLY throughout the campain. They didn't. Instead they left the backers (and pre-orderers alike) to themselves with plenty of room for speculation and conjecture. Therefore they pay the price: Getting swamped by thousands of comments of more or less pissed customers and loss of their trust. But the customers pay a steep price too as their time is being wasted over and over as they too have to sift through those comments (let alone all those sleeping with their index finger on the F5 key hoping for updates). Good example for outstanding expectation management. And yes, it is damn well possible to communicate issues intelligently, in "positive language" without blaming anyone or blabbing confidential information. There are perfectly suited company training programs available ... maybe you should invest in one of those next. In case a mistake was made - that happens too and by communicating it as well as the lessons learned from it you can actually strenghten your customer relationship by demonstrating courage and appreciation. So far I am only getting a sneaky and secretive vibe. I believe I'm not the only one who will refrain from or at least hesitate to conduct future business with Avegant. Trust needs to be earned and they gambled it away. Even though the product is being shipped, that's merely a consolation at this point and I'm happy this "journey" is coming to an end. Lets hope Avegant declares its mission statement/company philosophy soon (e.g. here <url>#3,387 in Germany - also dropped engraving for faster delivery... Seems like after EU, their shipping priority is now on Taiwan. I'm still waiting patiently for mine ......... no email, no shipping info, no Glyph :( @Stephen Chiu -thanks I messaged support and Emma last week and haven't heard anything yet. I've also already checked out the forums and some guy seemed to have the same problem (a badly soldered connection) and they solved his problem, just hopeing they get back to me soon. Backer #1493,non-engraved,Taiwan ETA ship date 4/27 ETA delivery date 4/28 by 6:00pm nvm my comment, just found a solution Finally got my glyph today, found out that one of the lense cant be push inside and theres a loose screw on the left can making some rattling noise Backer #882 from Singapore here. I chose to have a non-engraved unit and nothing special about it. I got no shipping or tracking information so far. I've seen the latest official message mentioned that all remaining Kickstarter backers will have their unit by the end of the month. I really hope so, but very skeptic. @Cameron Cooke - you should report your problem to Avegant support or Emma to chase up if you don't get a response after a few days from support. They've taken care of problem units for backers whether it is a dust problem or some misalignment problem. Best you head over to the Avegant forums to see all the problems and questions that pop up from backers. Backer #3,467 From Australia Got mine today @Dan Smith Same for me unfortunately, no matter what I do I still see two images...looks like I'm might have to sell mine after waiting so long for it :( Using this in "Extended screen" mode in a public place right now. People can see me typing on the laptop keyboard, but nothing appears on the screen. As a security researcher this is perfect, I do not have to worry about people seeing a picture over my shoulder and with 2-factor authentication I do not need to worry about password thieves as well. The only downside is that the scrollbars are hard to see. I can easily type and read in the middle of the screen, but no matter how I adjust the Glyph, I can not see the whole screen and the edges are too blurry for me to use the scrollbars. I can only see the lower bottom of the screen with the rubber nose rest, the magnetic ones put the screen so high that I can not see the taskbar, which is essential if it has to be used for work. A really great substitute for a second screen while travelling or reading private stuff in public places. Thumbs up. U.K. Backer and my Glyph has arrived! Woop Woop! It is simply amazing. I have very specific issues with my vision but after making the various adjustments, the focus is perfect. I watched a movie on them last night and suffered no fatigue or issues. The sound and clarity is excellent and I love that I'm able to look down and be able to see a keyboard when typing. Been a long time coming, but the unit is definitely worth the wait. It's a nice heavy-feeling quality unit. I took it into a store when buying an HDMI adaptor for my IPad and the sales guy was blown away buy it! Im not sure if i described it right soI've posted an unlisted YouTube video to show you what I mean. I was keeping as still as possible and it was still breaking up so it's not the cable moving / coming out. <url>#1647 here, Turkey. Still nothing. No emails, no tracking number, nothing. Hopefully I will get it soon as I'm not very happy about all these shipping delays even though I was excited for this product. I got mine today, but how to watch self made 3d sbs pictures (PC or Android) best regards France here, got mine today and it's amazing! Sometimes with Kickstarter you don't get your thing at all, sometimes you get it but it's freaking disappointing, but here, guys, you've made an awesome job! I had no extra taxes to pay and it's already a huge improvement compared to other projects, the packaging was strong and complete. But, mainly, the Glyph keeps all its promises, the screen is high definition and I'm more comfortable with it than with the one on the PC which I need my glasses to use. Of course you have to strictly follow the manual's instructions in order to adjust it to your vision but it's well explained. So, well done Avegant, keep up the goog work! that sucks Josh!!! Recommend contacting emma or support not through their website. Got a reply from emma but still waiting on a reply concerning another matter. Oh no!!! I got my Glyph today (Japan 18xx) and when I unpacked it and took off the magnetic cover the optics were not retracted as they should have been. They visibly point slightly outwards to the sides!! I tried them anyway, since although this didn't make sense I don't know very much about optics. After 3 hours of trying I cannot get more than a small portion of the center of the image in focus. Also, despite 20/20 vision getting that small bit of focus requires focussing the optics all the way to one extreme. This can't be normal since they are supposed to compensate for a little of both plus and minus, aren't they? I am going to send a message to Avegant, and I will let everyone here know what they say. Backer 119 FINALLY got my tracking no. today. Although I am very disappointed about the whole shipping process! Yes .. Got my Glyph today backer #1200, Australia. Can't wait to get them out !! � OMG : GMG ! � Well after two years and few months I can test Glyph ! Thanks Avegant ! I will write my first impressions in few days on the Avegant's forum ( I do not have mhl / hdmi adapter yet) but I can say that I'm really impressed by the quality of the product. Of course some things could be better but it's not dramatic, at least now. I really love concept of Glyph, now it's reality � Congratulations Avegant team and thank you very much for this excellent first version of Glyph ! French Backer, arrived today I have to set up the glyph now ! No custom fee, what a good start. yes I'm in the Netherlands and it arrived today. it's nice, heavy and screen size is like looking at a 110cm flatscreen, sound is awesome. easy to set the eye but if you skip the Manuel like we all do it can be difficult to find out you can turn the black eye parts popping out. I do love the glyph :) UK backer, arrived today (whoop!) Stunning image quality, one problem though, I can't get the images to converge - any tips? The manual just says "position each eye such that they [do]".. Got mine yesterday and spent some time with it. Actually I'm typing this message with the glyph on my eyes. Here are some pmressions: It takes a lot of practice to get the ideal adjustment. Also Desktop-Usage like I'm doing right now is clearly not ideal as the corners are blurry so you can't see what's really going on there. Where the glyph shines is the general image quality. This looks like 1080p and is very comfortable to the eyes. It's made for media consumption. Games and Movies especially in 3D look absolutely stunning! As good as the visual experience might be, the audio is just OK. I'm hoping for improvements with softwareupdates to attack this, because my 25€ on-ear headphones from ALDI do sound better. Bass and dynamics are very weak. Another bad thing is the compatibility. My Phone doesn't have MHL so I'm bounded to my PC and Notebook and as this is a mobile device it's really missing the point here... Anyway that's my impression and I hope you other backers will get your Glpyh very soon. It's been quite a journey :D backer number 371 Glyph arrived, it's beautiful but 45 min and still I have not managed to set up perfectly backer number 1130, still no news for shipping. That s*cks, Mark This is not satisfying at all! My Backer-Number is 192 and till date no Glyph, no Tracking number, no information whatsoever �� Got this response when reaching out to Emma: Thanks for reaching out. We are working on getting out our last batch of Kickstarter units at the moment. I am sorry that it is taking so long to get these units out. We are having some major logistical issues, unrelated to Avegant, that are really slowing down the shipping process. We are currently on schedule to have all units out by the end of this month. You should see a tracking number within the next week or so. Thank you for much for your patience and please let me know if you have any other questions. Best, Emma Great news for me ! FedEx status : ROISSY CHARLES DE GAULLE (FRANCE) Hope to get Glyph this WE ! Where is mine ?? Wrote a few times and no respond. yes the bulk was unpacked and labeld in paris by fedex .. got my one this afternoon yeah ... Fedex shipment to The Netherlands, previously stuck in China (Shipped then sent back) got delivered this morning... indeed it had few hops in Europe, first Germany, then Paris... but it got delivered at the end with only one day from initial planned delivery date. I did not have to pay import duties, but I am expecting a FedEx invoice sometimes in the next few days... they usually invoice after shipment completed. 1.665 baker from spain... no tracking number while people over 3000 are getting theirs Get my Glyph 11:57am, only one Problem, i'm flight this Morning to Vienna ;-) FedEx tracking now states mine is in Cologne, so it's getting closer. Maybe, just maybe I will get to go to the ball! All right, just got my Glyph! (Belgium >#3500) FedEx News My Glyph come in the next 3 hours "12:00" No Information about addon fee� Backer #40, non engraving. Nothing so far. Now FedEx status is GUANGZHOU leave FedEx ! ( GUANGZHOU => Dongguan => GUANGZHOU) ;-( Backer #2423 Malaysia No tracking code yet :( #whereismyglyph Finally, got the glyph with engraving last night. Hong Kong. They provide the FedEx tracking no to me, but it delivered by SF express ..so I cannot track the item status at FedEx website... My also in Cologne. Mine is now back in Cologne :D #422 HONG KONG No track number nothing yet My Glyph arrived in Paris and i think, from Paris back to Cologne again. ;-) @Rolf, yeah my glyph is in France : ROISSY CHARLES DE GAULLE CEDEX, 95702, FR Arrivée au point FedEx 19/04/2016 04:46 My Glyph still seems to be in Dongguan. Strange to see some european Glyphs beeing in Clogne or Paris and some stuck in Dongguan :( Thanks @Rolf I was already wondering since it was very near to me in Cologne and then went to Paris. So delivery will probably be during this week. :) FedEx Lunch Call :-o The Glyph is in a economy freight container, FedEx open this container first and only in Paris. From Paris goes all the Glyphs to the lokal Destinations in Europe, maybe the Glyph from @PiNiiiX was in an other container. I called with FedEx: first she said it was kept on the airport, waiting for the right paper. Then I was put on hold and she investigated further and came back with the message it was send back to sender, so I guess we are all screwed. It is all because of a battery in the Glyph that needs special papers that weren't with it. Tristan I know what you mean another Aussie just watching them all go somewhere else. Good FedEx Call ;-) My Glyph arrived this morning Cologne Germany ;-)) Next Step Customs, i become a fast feedback from FedEx. @PuNiiiX, Is it true, that your delivery has already reached France? Tuesday Morning Call with FedEx "What follow Departed FedEx location?" = AVEGANT CN or Europe? ;-)), FedEX will send me a emai It's a right royal fuck up. Over two years to get the logistics sorted and then this happens. I'm resigning myself to it being a bonus if I ever see my Glyph. My HTC Vive arrived this morning, so even if it does arrive I suspect it will sit in a corner gathering dust. I also have a problem with the delivery ... FedEx told me I probably would have customs charges... (who pays this charges ????) I normally get my glyph on Thursday , there were two days of delays. Problems with my delivery too. Locked in china , according to FedEx. Expecting delivery last saturday. Great experience this kickstarter project. Si alguien en España quiere llamar a FedEx, 913298700. Looks like the glyphs Are moving Again I sincerely hate seeing people with higher backer numbers getting both tracking numbers or glyphs before me and i'm #697 from Australia Sigh, got the same as everyone else (I'm in Sweden). I had the Dongguan-delivery on the 16th but now I see that today on the 19th it has left the FedEx office in GUANGZHOU CN again so it seems it is moving around a bit. I'm amazed that Avegant have these issues. This situation is incredible ! Our Glyphs are not the first to be shipped , so why now is there a problem ? ! Hope that the situation will be unlocked quickly :-) same here. I contacted fedex this morning and was told the same thing. Some people have been told the shipment has been returned to the sender, others here claim that it is waiting for the right papers. If they are returned it will add about 2 weeks to the initial delivery date. If however they are being hold at Donguan airport until the paperwork has been corrected the delay would only be for the time it takes Avegant/The shipper to correct that paperwork. Let's hope for the latter and a fix in the next 24h so we can still expect our Glyph around the weekend. It appears they have not been labelled correctly and have been xrayed and denied passage. I am sure it'll be sorted. okay i called fed ex germany and they sayed my its till in china ganging there at the customs why and if it leaves and when it leaves china nobody from fed ex can say they just its there in customs and they did not released it in a plane .. Same here, FedEx parcel tracking says my glyph is in "donguan". Was sheduled for tomorrow, but i think that goal cant be reached. Unfortunately... NELSON! NELLLLSON *sob* Sigh. Same here. I wonder if Avegant will actually acknowledge this and tell us what is going on? Same for me. Shipment to The Netherlands... it got back to sender. I checked with FedEx and they told me the parcel did not pass security check at the departing airport in China. How is it possible? It should be quite a daily standard shipment. No big batteries and no explosives or forbidden substances... I hope!!! Dropped a mail now to Avegant... not sure when I will hear back as they are notoriously not very fast in answering customer's queries. Looks like FedEx is screwing up big time Feedback Call from FedEx. Glyph is back to sender, did not pass Airport Security Check. "Worldwide the same rules, but some airlines are a little bit harder and not all FedEX freight are flight with FedEx airplanes. ;-((( Monday-Morning call with FedEx about "Dongguan" The Agent will check internal the situation and found a first note. "Can't pass the Airport Security Check" Just called fedex about the strange message Saturday, 2016-04-16 4 days DONGGUAN, CN 03:45 PM On FedEx vehicle for delivery They told me that the package was wrong labeled and was going to be returned to the sender!!!!! : ( #1127, nothing so far. Wrote to you and no respond. #1395 HONG KONG No track number No glyph #876 nothing yet! Sweden. Backer 1996 out for delivery in China. Called fedex and the computer lady said redirected. Maybe some lucky chines family got mine� hope next week but no date just out for delivery on the site� LOL I Imagine the fed ex driver arriving looking like Tom hanks with a Ball under his arm that has painted a Face on it And is called Wilson i think the arriving today Status was the messege Its in the plane And tomorrow in the destenation Cuntry there IT will ne Controlled At the customs And then to get deliverd. hopefully that goes fast the customs Here in Germany Are so Slow Last delivery was 4 Weeks in a Storage Room behind there Office of the customs Cast Away 2, Google Maps found no Route from Dongguan to Europe and now .... ????? Unfortunately mine also says due to delivered today; but is in DONGGUAN CN (UK customer) Hi, I got a 'scheduled for delivery today' email from FedEx too. But no Glyph. Perhaps Glyphs are ready to take flight ? Hope to get it next week ! But as I will be at work and not at home I will have to wait again to go to FedEx ;-( Backer 3473, Australia Still no shipping, kinda pissed that I have yet to hear anything about mine and and someone from NZ (which should be in the same shipping group as Aus) recieved theirs 3 days ago... Anyone know how they are going about choosing what to ship? At first they were doing it by country, now they just seem to be lucky dipping people. Same Problem, Dongguan CN � i think its on the way to hong kong airport "i guess" .. the direction is right but dont know where its going really ... same here i think its on its way to a airport.... wanted to call fed ex but no phone call support on saturday in germany.. I got a 'scheduled for delivery today' email from FedEx. Their website says 'Out for delivery' and location says 'DONGGUAN CN'. I'm in the UK. That's one hell of a delivery round. WTF is going on? Same Here And just got a messege in the des ex Site its in the Truck for delivery But its still in China and i live in Germany WTF ?! My Glyph was not onboard to cgn, Status Transit Guangzhou :-(( Yokohama,Japan arrived @ 11th Apr. Yokohama,Japan arrived @ 11th Apr. #13xx Germany engraving got shipping notification and tracking number cant wait .. . #17xx on Japan, no engraving and nothing yet too... #20xx in japan nothing yet too #7xx in Japan. Nothing yet.... Japan backer 2784 There is no contact of luggage tracking number Flight FDX5030 to CGN ETA 11:40, i hope for me and all european Baker, The Glyph is onboard. I do hear a slightly whirling noise in the left ear when its plugged into and using HDMI. Odd but maybe this is expected? I'm backer 2,896 in New Zealand. Mine arrived yesterday. Now at FedEx Asia Hub, i hope next is Cologne. But 19.4 switch to "?" I'm backer 119 from Norway, still have yet to receive a tracking no. I sent a complaint about how they have managed the deliveries two days ago, but still no reply. #212, Singapore, nothing yet. :( canadian engraved backer 1,698 received today Taiwan backer #23xx, nothing received #1534 UK Tracking number received yesterday :D #18, just received mine today in Malaysia. :D #90 (I think it was^^) Same here! Finally. Thanks to the incompetent behavior of Oculus I will surprisingly get my glyph before the CV1 Rift. The world has gone mad :D #32, EU, Germany, no engraving 12.04.16 received trackingnumber 19.04.16 expected delivery From Spain backer n. 3XXX got tracking number yesterday. Fantastic. Good job Avegant Team. Yeeeees! I finally received my tracking number! Backer 3xxx, with engraving, Switzerland Robin: I wish you'd get the glyph, like some people who's backer # is 3000+ Alan Cheung: No worry, my tracking no. still not valid. No more information about the FedEx delivery status. Spain, with engraving, shipping information received anyone in Hong Kong got email? Me too! I must be dreaming! German backer no. 17xx, no graving, just got my shipping info. Heads up guys! 3 hours before, i received my tracking number - German backer #45, no engraving. First FedEx forecast: 19th April ;-) I just received my tracking number - UK backer #1903, no engraving. Happy days! seems like they waited for all those international shipments to have them go out in a single shipment Me too !! Yeah :) #1 934 with engraving #1483 : "YOUR GLYPH HAS SHIPPED" !!!! backer >3500 in Belgium, received FedEx tracking number! :-) Backer #13xx with engraving from Czech Republic, Europe and guess what, I received my tracking number few minutes ago:-) backer #18xx from uk have shipping notice backer 19xx from sweden just recived my tracking number. no engraving Backer #3274 Hong Kong. Nothing yet. Annoying since all freight is going via HK =_= international backer number <100, with engraving, nothing received robinlaw: I'm backer #689 in HK but still nothing. Finally got the delivery email, the item was shipped. But the tracking no is not valid now, will try later. #International backer#Hong Kong#821. Backer #40, no engraving, Singapore. Till now still haven't received any shipping info. A french has received this glyph with engraving? I still have no tracking number (my backernumber : 1 934) PuNiiiX Thanks @Hyper, my backer number is 1903 Backernumber 1991 I am in UK but my delivery address is in the US I have received nothing and have had no information on shipping. Please advise me what is happening, thanks. @GM Your backernumber is irrelavant. They are sendingin a inexplicable order, perhaps by country? It seems that international shipping did not start by now. (except USA, Canada) But if you like to find out your backernumber: Click on the blue button which shows your funding and scroll to the buttom. There it is. I'm from the UK and haven't heard anything for a while on shipping. I haven't got a clue what my backer number is, how do I find that? I just know I backed you on 31st January 2014 and I'm worried my Glyph might never materialise. Any ideas Avegant? @kurt what was your backer number? In Australia. I just got my tracking number and expected delivery is 13th of April. Looking forward to getting it. I am posting this here as they seem to forget about people actually using the comments... From Emma at avegant on the Forums on the 4th April... Very positive but I've yet to get mine and I am a low 100s order in the uk. Probably doens't help that The HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift are all shipping at the same time using DHL :D "@all I know you are all anxiously waiting for your Glyphs. Sorry it's taken so long. I am as frustrated as you are. Unrelated to the Avegant line, the last couple of weeks have brought a bunch of logistical hoops that we've been jumping through (apparently FedEx is super backed up too) to get our remaining units out. We've also been doing some extra QC based on some early feedback. On the logistics front, we've currently shipped all US units (engraved and non engraved) and all Canadian units (non-engraved). Our next big batch, which is on its way, is all remaining international engraved units. These units are currently in a shipping facility in Hong Kong due to FedEx capacity constraints in China. They should be going out this week. Make sure to check for tracking numbers. In parallel the factory should be shipping units direct to the EU, Asia and Oceania. I know the timeline isn't as aggressive as many people want, but it's the best we can do to balance speed and quality. It looks like everything should be shipped by the end of this month. As for Rob Cooper's unit, we flagged a few units for early testing and feedback, and Rob was one of those people. And for those pre-orders out there - we are working on an update that you should see later this afternoon." my figures are blended Now I cross my fingers ! posted within the last hour on the Avegant forum in the 'delivery' forum from Emma: "A big batch of tracking numbers should come in tomorrow and Monday. Keep a look out." So cross your fingers you may be part of this shipping batch for international backers. Now it means I don't have to keep checking email until Monday. Spain. No information. Check the link on what Emma from Avegant had to say in yesterdays post on their forum (scroll to the bottom). <url>´s more frequently used. Btw. I haven´t received mine either and I´m backer 119 in Norway. Has anyone outside US, Canada and UK got their Glyph? Did Someone in Germany got his Glyph ? Once again: #32, EU-Backer Nothing So international sending did not start..... @DeltaBlast : Good news, you are not alone. 800 days since the start of this kickstarter. Still no Glyph :( I received my unit, looks great, quality manufacturing and great packaging ... I tried the unit and the picture quality is great... I am a bit disappointed, I want to be clear that the Glyph is a quality product, I guess my disappointment is due to my exaggerated expectation. I really thought the Glyph, based on its technology would provide a better Immersion experience. I don't see how this would be anything more than watching a large scree TV from a distance of 10'. I already have 90" flat panel TV, I guess the Glyph just provides a mobile one. I will keep searching for a technology that provides true immersion Sorry false alarm about the usb receptor breaking. Seems it has a slight angle on it, it won't go in any other way. I'll post myreview on the forums soon. Nope... Not me... Has anyone in Europe actually received a shipping notification yet? Just got my engraved glyph here in Hawaii. Picture quality and feel is great once properly setup. Getting weird neck pains... Also have a problem when I attempted to charge through the usb. Can't charge at the moment. Nice engraving @Cory Maddox ! It's a little frustrating as you get the engraved unit while my home is just 3 hours away from the factory and still not getting it. Nevermind to my questions, I figured it out watching the video they had up showing configuration. So far I have used it with my PS4 and it has worked great. The headphones definitely cut out all outside noise. It took me a while to realize I needed to turn the dials on the actual eye pieces to get things in focus. The dial in the very center as far as I can tell does nothing at all for me. I watched a review that said it should be locked unless the button is pressed but I can always to turn it and the button does nothing as far as o can tell. Anyone else able to say what it does? The engraving turned out good on mine. <url>"trying" to fulfill but its iffy. Anyone else having issues getting the images to converge during setup? The Glyph is useless until I can get that to happen @Josh It's not that simple for me. This isn't the first KS campaign I backed nor the last. If I do get my glyph it will however be the first to fulfill. Had I known 2 years ago what I know today, would I still back them? I don't know. I really don't. I'm not really disappointed about the lower specs. Would I buy the Glyph today if I had not backed this project? That is a clear no. I would have gone a different route and gone for a full immersive HMD like the Rift or Vive. I do hope Avegant will start working on a device like those 2 with the DLP technologie they have today. Increase the resolution and FOV a lot and be the best HDM on the market. Then I would actually back them again (if it doesn't take them another 2+ years to deliver). Sorry for my English, my wife spoke to me when I was typing; So, some words don't make much sense but you should get the idea ;) @Josh : My another kickstarter project was a purely disaster. I wish they didn't ship the product so that I got a refund, but instead, it shipped a complete rubbish. It's not functional and was shipped to get away with the Kickstarter blame and shut the company down. Comparable, Avegant guys are far much better and finally delivered a real working product at least. It's not perfect and missing a lot of features but it's still a proper cool product in the first half of 2016. I feel so sad that Kickstarter has a lot of frauds; I'm a lot more cautious since the last project was equally expensive as Glyph but delivered a box of rubbish. Obviously the lack of shipping to countries like Hong Kong, Australia, etc, has nothing to do with certification. They have made a deliberate choice to prioritize US deliveries (and possibly Canadian as well). There are limited units and they have chosen to deliver not based on backer order, but based on country of origin. If backers accept this, then it can be argued that this was a sound business decision. It is difficult to say whether they have done a great job, or whether almost a year and a half late should be looked on harshly. As others have mentioned in this thread, false promises are business as usual for the kickstarter / crowd-funded products. One has to wonder if anyone would have put the money down in the first place, if they were told they would have to wait more than 2 years to receive their product. The idea that you are not buying a product, you are supporting a new technology is all fine, but who would drop 500 USD to support a company if they weren't expecting to receive a product. This is/was my first kickstarter campaign, and probably my last. It was an interesting experience. I don't resent Avegant, or anything. I am happy that I will likely receive my Glyph eventually (since I'm in Japan and chose engraving, that will likely be at the end of April at the earliest). The final product is a bit of a disappointment. It doesn't have active noise cancelling, which was pretty important to me, I ride some pretty loud trains to work and back. It can't play native 720p per eye 3D content (it uses side-by-side so you get half the resolution per eye) and sbs 3d media is scarce, which they had to know would upset a lot of people (for me 3d is not a big deal fortunately). The most troubling news for me are from the reports of on the forums that the edges are not clear making the glyph not very suited to general computing. This was the primary reason I backed/paid for a glyph (that and the noise cancelling). All in all, I suppose that is what can be expected when you give a for-profit organization your money in advance and say you are supporting them with little recompense for what they choose to do with the money. Presumably, they made a profit by cutting costs, most likely by using a cheaper chip to decode video, dropping the noise cancelling, slightly reducing the field of vision, dropping the multiple colors, dropping the flip down design, dropping the dynamic range of the earphones from 115dB to 95db, and also probably by waiting for some of the included technologies to come down in price as technologies tend to. If you were an investor you might be happy about this all, but as a backer it is a little harder to swallow, even under the assumption of wanting to back a technology vs buying a product. You are backing the product not the company. I suppose it could be argued that if the product was not profitable it might have never shipped. Everything aside, I don't think future sales of the current Glyph will be very good with its current specs and non-pre-order price-point, although I could be wrong. There have some pretty big financial backers, so they may already be working on version 2. Maybe they chose to go the apple route and deliberately hold back some tech. Perhaps, version 2 will be released with active noise cancelling and 3d blueRay support. Multi-format 3d support would likely entice quite a few people to upgrade. Maybe the proof of a successful Kickstarter campaign is how many people would be willing to back them the second time around. I'll be happy when I receive my Glyph, but I wouldn't back them again. How about you? @Cory Maddox: At least you get a fool ... I still get nothing. I officially have a delivery date now of April 1st. At which point I will probably receive an Exception that says APRIL FOOLS, Its still in Shenzhen. Hahaha. Hope to get my Glyph soon ! My FedEx status has moved once again back to In Transit, and the Exception is gone. Delivery date is still Pending. Tuesday 6:35 pm In transit SHENZHEN CN "We still expect to have everything shipped by mid April." Still? What do you mean still? The last estimate you gave us was march. And february before that. "As of today, almost all of the engraved units have been shipped. International units are starting this week. " Also two weeks later than previously scheduled. in two days we "celebrate" the 800th day since the launch of this project. Without Glyphs of course. Hi, guys, i received my glyph today. I am in canada. currently, it is good. Backer #11xx no engraving in Australia. No tracking, no shipment, no news, either. Back #5xx no engraving in Hong Kong. No tracking, no shipment, no news. Is that normal? Don't tell me the delay was due to the big rainstorm from a week ago that caused cancelled flights in Shenzhen airport and also where the rumble happened as customers and airport staff fought because of the large amount of cancelled flights that weekend. Probably the same reason one of my other crowdfunded shipments has been stuck in pending status for more than a week now coming out of southern China. I called FedEx directly earlier today and was transferred to their international support. She was not able to figure out exactly what caused the delay but told me it should be shipping from Shenzhen China's tonight to the US. Just got email from Avegant: "We recently sent your Glyph in a shipment from our manufacturing facility in China. Due to a backlog at FedEx unrelated to Avegant, however, the shipment is still waiting to get released. We apologize for the unexpected delay and will do our best to get it resolved as soon as possible. You will get an update from either Avegant or FedEx no later than next Monday, April 4th with the status or your device. Thanks for your patience. Best, Team Avegant" I can not stand it anymore. I have started eating my desk. I hope I receive some shipping info, before it's whole gone. Stuck in same boat!! Been in shenzen for a week Well I can see that many MANY other people are in the same Shipment Exception boat, so in a way I'm comforted that it's not an isolated incident. Mine has been hanging out in Shenzhen for a week now... Even after being told by support to expect it last week, its still in China, as of Today it is STILL in Shenzhen. They are shipping it back and forth to the same location over and over again as far as the tracking shows. <url>"aircraft issue" which delayed the departure of that flight. It will NOT leave Shenzhen tonight, as the plane is already full (weight & balance, for those familiar). It will leave tomorrow, and should arrive at FedEx's HQ in Memphis on Sunday. I was advised that MY particular package will leave TN on Monday, & will receive it here in CA either Tuesday OR Wednesday. I can only assume those on the east coast might get theirs sooner. So that's the scoop on the hold up. Yup, I got the same thing! IT'S SHIPPED!!! Now it says, "Shipment Execption". What REALLY sucks is, the customer service phone number that USED to work (& the guy was super friendly/helpful) no longer works. WTF? C'mon Shenzhen! Stop holding the cupcake out of the fat girl's reach!! Send the damn boxes! It's not like ALL boxes were held back. @Avegant Could you please give the people whose Glyphs are in Shenzhen's black hole some inside info, we'd appreciate it! I am also stuck in exception hell. Received a shipping notice/tracking number last week for delivery Wednesday, but am in waiting mode. Last update still has it in China, and there is an exception. The phrase "slow boat from China" just makes me smile right now. I'm remaining patient. It'll get here, which is more than I can say for some projects! I'm feeling fortunate Avegant came through. Glyph give me a lesson about KickStart. I become a backer two years ago. It's was a very cool gadget at that time.... After a long long time wait (I still in waiting line) I must say Glyph can't let me excite more. Funder post 62 updates in 2 year,, not too bad, Product meet 70% of initial description, not too bad. but TIME kill everything. backer #226 in Japan, no shipping notice... does anyone else have an issue with the nose bridges not connecting into the two slots. It almost seems like the magnet polarity is backwards. The bridges will not stay in and will actually come out even when the Gylph is upside down and gravity should hold the bridges in Don't know what is going on with my Glyph. Everytime I went near my couch it acted up. Kept turning to the white screen which had pixel screen measurements on it or glitching in some way such as freezing. I was trying to watch a movie on Netflix but it kept cutting out within a minute or two. Now the right eye screen is dark and won't turn on despite turning the unit off and on again repeatedly. Had used my Glyph for a total time of about one hour and now it is a paperweight. @Jay Fleming My best trick is to slide the eyes together and then apart again, so the only other thing I can think of is that you might have the 3D setting on. I don't think it's possible to have the sites merge if you have that setting on. Try holding the top left button for three seconds (that should be the side that only has two buttons) Is it just me that is having trouble lining the images up at all? I've tried all the nose bridges, adjusting the band wider/closer, the lenses back and forth and the focus on each...I still see two images :( For what its worth the image in each side is very, very good....but only with the other eye closed atm. Any suggestions on how I can get things to overlap a bit better? Fixed the nose-piece and did some adjustments. Picture is much better now, but I'm not sure how comfortable it would be long-term. I found my eyes ached half-way through a movie, but felt better at the end. Sound was quite good through the hdmi cable. Still a bit fuzzy at the edges, which is part of what made my eyes feel a bit strained. Occasionally when I look away from the Glyph and back again I'll struggle to regain the picture. The reason being that you're looking at two pictures, essentially, and you have to sort of look into the distance to make them merge. I found the best way to do that is to bring the eye-pieces close together until the eyes 'sync' so they're seeing the picture together. Then re-adjust to the closest you can get to an optimal position. Still can't find a fully optimal one where the entire screen is crisp. I received my notice from Glyph of the item being shipping and its tracking number 1hr after I had picked it up from FedEx. Received the FedEx notice of a package being shipped to me 1 day earlier. Received my Glyph today. Worked well on my Iphone 5 - got a full screen, but when I plugged it into my DVR only got about 1/3 to 1/2 screen?! Small picture for what I would have expected would be full screen. Why could I not get a full screen from my DVR. My DVR is a Motorola DCX-3400M for Shaw cable in Canada. Is there a way to adjust the screen size? I would love to use this to watch TV but not if I get such a small sized screen. I would also have to get a longer HDMI cable or use a connector with two HDMI cables - would this affect the audio or video? It should be noted the connector ports on the Glyph for the HDMI port and the USB port are difficult to insert the connectors, a little too tight. Would have liked a cable to connect the Glyph to a wall plug. What is the type of the connector so I could pick one up? I wear glasses and have a slight astigmatism, I know you can't adjust for the astigmatism but I got a pretty clear picture - only slightly blurred on the lower right corner from my right eye noticed with printing, my left eye was good. After watching video on my glyph, watching video on my TV for the first few seconds seemed like the colors were faded. Must be the great resolution on the Glyph. Canada. Received it today. Disappointed so far. No sound cable. The part you plug the nose mounts onto fell off. Not the adjustable noses but the part inside the Glyph that those nose things attach to. Sound with a cable I found in my desk was worse than my normal sound. Only gives 720p or 480p, and when you finally adjust your eyes so you're not seeing the same desktop twice you only see the center of the screen clearly. Can't make it so that the corners will be visible. Extreme blur is the best I can achieve. Backer 3642 Canada, no engraving. Should be here March 28th. Yay! Backer number 499 by the way with an engraving. I just sent support a message asking to clear up why I have an exception instead of the product itself which FedEx had indicated would be delivered. I could not find Emma's email in lower comments to email her as others suggested. Had the exact same issue. It was supposed to be delivered, now it has the same exception as Rami. "Shipment schedule pending Recommended action: Scheduling per shipper request. Contact shipper if questions." @Rami - isn't that what happened to the very first shipment to the States as well? In the end, 1-2 days later it was fixed and continued on shipping. I suggest you send an email to Emma. I think the email is further below in one of the comments. My shipment has an exception?! Received my tracking number from fedex on two days ago for delivery by today and now fedex is saying that "Shipment schedule pending: Scheduling per shipper request. Contact shipper if questions." Who am I supposed to contact??? #2777 from Canada, I never saw a email with my tracking # but got an email from purolator saying I should get it this Thursday Backer #173 from Russia. Still nothing... I am backer #40 in Singapore, till now still have not received any shipping notice yet. It is obvious that their shipping priority is base on region. North America first, Europe 2nd, Oceania 3rd, and finally the rest of the world. Backer #386 Canada- Says it will be delivered tomorrow! This is starting to get disappointing for me #697 but i'm in Australia... so i am to wait until next year by the way this seems to be going.... so much for getting things out by backer number... Backer #1624 in Canada getting my Glyph on Thursday!!! Canadian backer. #708 no engraving, delivery by FedEx scheduled for Monday 28th. @jayfleming congrats! @alancheung let me know when you get your tracking number! Is anyone getting a tracking number for shipments to Europe? We were notified EU compliancy regulations were obtained and shipments would have started but I have not received any tracking number so far. Does seem very little units have gone out since the CNY It's kinda beyond me the fact that they started shipping almost 2 months ago and people who are in the 500's haven't even gotten their tracking email yet ;_; as a #3000ish backer feels like the product is still months away. Like 2 months of production (with the 2 weeks down for chinese new year) should have at least gotten much more units ready to ship once they got CE certification completed. I've always been supports of Avegant but once they said shipping I got excited and thought "yay its almost here", so am pretty disappointed at the slowness at the moment. @Stephen Chiu - Emma said it'd be order by backer number, but I still get no tracking so far. Will keep you info once I got the tracking, but I think it's not likely I'll get it before Easter. @Alan Cheung - but they seem to be only shipping to Canada right now or if an engraved for US/Canada. I'll await word for you to get a tracking email as I should not be far behind for HK as I'm #8xx. @Jay Fleming big congrats! I'm #5xx , hopefully will get the delivery email soon. Backer #413 in Canada, no engraving...finally tracking & scheduled for delivery on Wednesday 23rd. Backer #1624 in Canada no engraving ....fingers crossed for this week shipping. For those keeping track, I received a shipping notice. I'm backer ~1000, US, engraved. @Arthur, any luck? @Pawel, I doubt you'll get response here. Definitely need to go to the forum, and that email. With shipping ramped up I am sure that they're behind. They seem to run lean in the customer service department and it is what it is... Just got my shipping label created. Expected delivery this coming Wednesday here in Hawaii. Emailed Avegant support, however, there was no response on my complaint about a missing component. If I am not mistaken, there should be a magnetic black nose piece connector, however, I did not receive it with the unit I ordered. Due to this, I cannot connect the nose piece to the glyph. @Anthony CONGRATS! Looks like the first international orders are shipping! Backer #145. Canada. No engraving. FedEx ETD 23-MAR. Why does the Android app require access to the log of phone calls I have made on the phone? For this reason I am not installing it: for an app that is only supposed to deliver firmware updates it has way too many requirements for access to information on the phone. Please put a list in the app description explaining each requirement. I would prefer to be able to do firmware updates without giving you information on my location and call log. Will it be possible to update from a computer instead? Have have sign up on the forums and posted an email to Emma. Thanks for your help. Zero customer service response. @Arthur: Make sure you go to the Avegant page, the forum, and/or their service number. They do not monitor this site much, which is probably a real wise choice given all factors. @Timothy: Click on "View Pledge". It's a blue button next to the main picture near the top of the page under the section that mentions "3,331 backers pledged...". "View Pledge" opens up a pop-up window. Your backer number is the list item listed on that new window. Ultimately, although the original intent was to use backer number, I think logistics and efficiency ultimately had to take over and backer number is not a big factor in when your Glyph will be fulfilled. Me? I'm fine with that. I'm glad to be getting one at all. Have not received tracking number and no response to my email. Non engraved US backer. Help!!!! Hey guys how do you find out what your backer number is? Thanks and good luck to all those waiting near the mailbox for their delivery. @Ivon That wasn't known until the recent update. All we knew was "Engraving and international units come after that." - not "engraving, then international". I guess they just had already the engraving scheduled when the CE finally passed, and all too often rescheduling just makes late things even later. So when is Canada going to start shipping? It's an assembly line. It is highly likely that the engraved items were already in process when CE came through. Regardless, the difference in time is extremely small compared with how long we have already waited for the product. I know, people just want to complain. Whine away. @Mirko he was talking about the engraved US units going out before international backers :( @Rémon: They already had all US Glyphs out before CE was passed. There's no information how the order is now, but I'd guess it's by backer number now, unless maybe for some exotic countries which need special handling. @Gargreg: They're probably still at SXSW - though there should be some new employees for customer support... Wrote to Avegant, but no respond on my delivery ... I got my Glyph today. Are there specific settings on a Macbook Pro Retina (2013) running OSX El Capitan to get the Glyph to work? When I plug the Glyph in, the resolution on my Macbook automatically changes down, settings say its optimized for the Glyph at 720p with LCD color with the screen mirrored. However all I see on my Glyph is the Glyph logo. I've tried using my Glyph with my PS4, and that works fine, so I know that the Glyph itself works great, I just need to find the right OSX settings to output correctly to it. If you passed CE, why don't you serve the first backers first and do stick to US customer instead? Shame that's on the forum and not here. I asked for engraving then sent an email asking to cancel my engraving. They confirmed. Haven't yet received a tracking number (I'm in the US) and don't know who to contact in that case Icymi Emma from Avegant @the forum: Drum roll please.... We passed CE! Yay. We can now ship to EU countries. Before you start checking your inboxes for tracking numbers, I should give you a heads up that the production line is still going slower than we want -- so while the flood gates are now open, it may still be a few weeks before every single international order ships. What does this mean in terms of shipping order? -All US non-engraved units have been shipped out. If you are a US backer who opted out of engraving and you have not received a tracking number, please let me know. -Engraving and international units come after that. -Once ALL Kickstarter orders are complete, we will begin shipping to pre-orders. If you have any questions about shipping, I can give you as much intel I have. Things are pretty fluid out in the logistics department right now. Thanks for standing with us each step of the way. We will be sending out a KS update sometime in the next day or so to make sure everyone knows. @Roms really nice! This is actually a really good idea. Kodi is the best media player OS and combined with the glyph it could be even better. @Jan-Philipp: I use a small pad that is exactly the size of the pi0 and that is connected to the GPIO (you can see it on the pictures, it is this: <url>#<1000. No news, no email, no shipment. Any news of anyone outside the US getting a tracking number/delivery date? @David, thanks. I just checked and got the same result now. I agree, a few more days will not kill me. @Dale nope, no engraving for me. @fabricio, @David, did either of you have yours engraved? @fabricio - I was in the same position...I almost even worked from home today to be there for the signature, but I refreshed this morning and it said it was just picked up in China early this morning. New delivery date of Tuesday. I've waited this long, so what's another few days? I'm so excited! My "shipment" has been in label created status with fedex for 3 days. The estimated delivery date is today. Has anyone else had this issue and still received their glyph on the estimated delivery date? Avegant, should I be worried? No email. Backer #3693 HONG KONG Can you send me a pdf of the instructions - nothing shipped with mine. <email> White waiting for my Glyph in Europe I figured out a great way to use it: a headless raspberry pi zero ! $10 of hardware + a power bank gets you a perfect 1080p hdmi 3D sbs compatible player that fits in your hand (no keyboard required...)! Pictures there: <url>#1000. No news, no tracking. @Aim P - what?!? You don't need an lightning/hdmi adapter for your macbook pro. Lightning is what is used on last 2-3 generations iphones/ipads. Newer Macbooks should have an HDMI port already if it is in the last few years. That's how I hooked up my Rift DK2 on my friend's Macbook Pro. Just got my glyph today, but I didn't realize I'll need a lightning/hdmi connector for my macbook pro. Gonna have to buy it today and test it out later. Does anybody know what color is a Full charged battery? I saw flashing orange light at first and now it's flashing blue and green on me. Is that a full or getting full? Any updates for shipping to Singapore. Hi guys. Connected my Glyph to an IPAD Air via lightning/HDMI connector and proceeded to be blown away by the picture and sound quality. Glyph is recognized as an external display and disables the Ipad's screen.This is simply a perfect set up when flying... Thank you for a truly great product. I received my Glyph last night. Overall, this tech is very exciting and there are more than a few things this device does right. I posted a long list of observations in the First Impression thread in the forum. My big issue is a large dust blob in the right display, I’m waiting for feedback from support. I’m hopeful that software updates can address some of my other concerns. This has been a long journey for all of us. There is a bright, somewhat immersive, sharp and colorful light at the end of the tunnel. Got my Glyph today, and am really happy with it so far. It seems very well made and was packaged very nicely. I already had a Sony HMD-T1, and the Glyph blows it away in every department- size,comfort ,color, contrast, resolution, sound quality and original price The Glyph screen size is about what I expected, but slightly smaller than I'd like. The Sony's going on Ebay tomorrow. Thank you, Avegant - it was worth the wait! I was excited to receive my Glyph this morning. For 10 minutes, the flashing green light indicated it was charging. It has been absolutely dead since then. No LED, nothing. What a let down for a 26-month wait. I meant to say aren't no are (fully under your control) Argh! I'm based in the UK and sooo disapointed by the delay, but I realise there are complications at times that are fully under your control. Thanks for so much for your honest and very clear communication. I really appreciate it. I've backed a lot of kickstarter companies and how've communicated to your customers has been about the best of any company I've backed. Looking forward to your next update and excited for the time when I can get my hands on the unit. Thanks again. @Alan Cheung - HK is a non-CE territory. You should have read the new update from Avegant by now. @Darryl Soh - haha that's what I posted on the Avegant forums too. I recently received my Glyph Founders Edition and have had some time to play around with it. It is a fun device, but I think what Avegant did is exactly like what NASA did in the 1970's – they made the miracle of landing on the moon seem so routine we got bored with it. Avegant is there now – the technology is marvelous, but today “marvelous” is what we've come to expect. I won't bother with discussing the unboxing and packaging as that is not what makes the Glyph so entertaining, but here are my personal Pros and Cons based on my own experience: Pros: + A very nicely put-together device that is ready for prime time. Sure it could be updated, but Version 1 can easily be sold. + Adjustments are simple, and although it does take some tweaking to get it just right it's definitely not rocket surgery. + With just a little bit of concentration you can become quite immersed. On the flip side, you don't have to be totally cut off – this is especially nice when using a tablet or phone that you have to physically look at to operate or touch. You can peek out over the top or under the bottom edge easily as needed. + The picture is very good and doesn't need any higher resolution at its current size, although I'm still tweaking the Glyph for my eyes. + The sound is very good, even without active noise cancellation. Cons: - Yes, it can be difficult to convince others that it is not a VR headset. And as a replacement screen it is quite pricey. - It does take quite a bit of tweaking. It seems that when I get a good clear view of one edge with both eyes, the opposite edge is out of clear view. - Focusing each eye is very easy, but the optics feel “loose” and not crystal clear. Just touching each eyepiece to focus it causes it to jump. For the money I was expecting the fluid, firm motion of an eyepiece you get on even an inexpensive pair of binoculars. - In order to see the entire field of view, I have to wear the Glyph extremely close to my eyes – so close, in fact, that my eyelashes smear the lenses. Neutral: = It has broad adjustability in all aspects. I have a pretty fat head but there is still plenty of room left on the headband adjustment; I also need glasses and both eyepiece focus rings are at the very end of their travel, but they do work for my vision. = It's nice to have a variety of nosepieces, and I am still deciding which one feels best. = I am using a first-generation Surface RT tablet with HDMI-out, and the Glyph does show the main screen but the apps won't open. It seems the Surface RT needs 768 resolution and the Glyph stops at 720. Bad luck for me. = The visual screen size is the same as my tablet held in my hands, my laptop on my desk in front of me, and my 50-in TV about 10 feet away. = Since the screen view exactly follows your head movements, your eyes do the scanning without the benefit of moving your head. It takes a little getting used to but it is different. Overall, I give the Glyph in its current form a 7/10. It is novel and does fill a need (provided you need a private media display), but I was hoping for a little better quality and range on the optical adjustments. I feel that it definitely will get better with time, but I am not disappointed in what I have now. All I can say, after patiently waiting.... I got mine!!!!! Whoooooo!!!! FYI from forums: For Hong Kong regarding CE Mark: (from the Innovation and Technology Commision of the HK Gov't) <url>#d5 "CE certification" is only applicable to the 25 member states of the European Union (EU) including Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Lativa, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom and 3 European Free Trade Association (EFTA) member countries of Iceland, Norway and Switzerland. It is not applicable to Hong Kong. :/ Any updates for shipping to Hong Kong?? @Stephen Chiu - What does the update mean to us those in Hong Kong? Still no date, no news, nothing. Australian Backer No 774: Getting to feel a lot like Christmas - infact this was a Christmas present for 3 years ago... Looking forward to an update ;) Cheers Guys @Alan Cheung - Avegant update coming soon regarding international KS backers (non-CE countries) and another update for pre-orders. So far they've shipped a total of 1000 units to US backers including those that got tracking numbers this week. So, it's March; Hong Kong is away from production factory just a few hours, backer #<1000 still no news, no tracking, no delivery, nothing. my shipment has been cleared and is back on track for Friday delivery. thanks. Clearance delay - Import MEMPHIS, TN What is happening Clearance delay in Memphis as well. Appears to back back in transit to SENNAN-SI JP. Same problems as others. Clearance delay in Memphis. Guys.....GET THIS FIXED. Avegant, can you provide an update on what is going on with the multiple backer shipments that are stuck in 'clearance delay' in Memphis? more info in the delivery thread in the forum. If you are not an EU importer from China but sending them individually as a personal import is CE really needed? Whats the hold up? A review from Engadget: <url>#2375, Taiwan, nothing. (Hey, we don't need CE, please just ship to me!) Avegant, please tell us why you can't ship out the pledges to those non-CE applicable countries now? Seriously, pre-order before backers? What are you thinking? Ironically, there is a reminder to ask people “be respectful and considerate” when you post comment. But I didn't think backers (or maybe me only) are being treated that way. ... I did the same thing by selecting non-engraved to speed delivery. Well, so much for that. Hong Kong doesn't even have taxes and duties for things like this. Don't know about the CE certification though but the gov't here probably want UL or CE certification for products, but it isn't even being sold here so I don't really see the problem for shipping to backers only. Just no pre-orders shipped here is fine. Well... my only regret is that I forego the engraving to avoid the risk of getting my Glyph even more delayed than necessary. Now it will be delayed and non-engraved... And as I already said in another post, my country doesn't even require CE certification, as I'm NOT in EU. But, that's it, they're playing their cards. Avegant already has our money for years now, and being outside US it's really hard to take any action against them. They know it and they are just riding it. Let's see if they will indeed keep their promise of taking care of all the Taxes and Duties for the International backers... "Kickstarter backers will receive their Glyph's in the order they began contributing to the kickstarting campaign" I guess international backers aren't contributing to the kickstarting campaign and deserve to be placed with people who can pay for the preorder like today... 2 years of waiting to be placed behind normal preorders.. Can anyone provide information on the delivery. More specifically the weight and dimensions of the box you received as I am tempted to organise getting mine shipped within the US and then shipping the unit directly to myself. Although that sort of depends on what is holding up the certification and how long until we have an estimated shipping time. Then again being from Australia where the CE mark has no legal standing I am also curious how this effects shipping here. My only guess is if you meet the CE standards it can make it easier to import into other countries. @Daniel Scott thank you for the update on CE status. Serious oversight from Team Avegant and really disappointing. Backer # 2693 just got a tracking numbers - US If that had been stated from the start I honestly wouldn't have backed. "We've began shipping already and Kickstarter backers will receive their Glyph's in the order they began contributing to the kickstarting campaign. Next, Kickstarters who chose to customize their device will receive their Glyph, lastly all pre-orders and supporters outside of the country will receive the Glyph last." This is fucking ridiculous though. How many more promises are they going to break? Meanwhile, there's no compensation, and they're making millions. Sad face. I emailed avegant for an update. Apparently CE did not complete and overseas orders are likely to go out last with or after website pre-orders. @Jinsuk Kim - haha That's what I thought if you got it shipped already. My Orbits DeLoop Audiophile headset carry case arrived faster from the US, now waiting for the Glyph to put into it. @Stephen Chau: Not really - I had it shipped to a US address for a friend of mine to carry it over to Korea. So the actual shipping happened much sooner. Anyway you won't be disappointed when you get yours. Not a big surprise: my first delivery estimate schedule of 1 March (tomorrow) is now 4 March (Friday). So don’t put too much faith in the first estimated delivery date. Will be interesting to see when it actually gets here. Backer 2,112. Received my tracking number. Arriving this week. Yay ! Backer #32, Non-US Nothing @Carter Diastika - no it does not. Kind of useless extra cost to include a lightning adapter since only Apple supplies that which not everyone will have an iPhone/iPad. They have the HDMI to micro-HDMI cable. Check out the Youtube unboxing video by jamie curtis to see what comes in the box. Does it comes w lighting HDMI adapter? What about I come to the factory to do a pick up? I'm 3 hours away from the Factory, backer number < #1000; Still no tracking, nothing... NY backer, I just got an email confirmation that my Glyph is on the way. Shipped through Fed Ex. Yay! Looking forward to try it. @Jinsuk Kim - What?!? They shipped to South Korea?? Or did you ship it to the States? You're freaking me out someone got their Glyph outside of the US or China. Is there hope for those of us not in EU getting it this week? I got mine today. I got speechless by its astounding audio an video quality. I must say it was really worth waiting one and a half year. Thank you so much for having made it. I'm ready to spread the words from tomorrow morning. Excellent job. Signs of life to report….US backer, ~2,200, no engraving. FedEx shipment notification received last night. Package is in ‘shipping label created’ status with expected delivery next Tuesday. I’m not holding my breath, but I have to admit that I’m still looking forward to seeing this thing. Good luck to all backers and those on the front lines who are doing the hard work of assembly, test and shipping. US backer 1913 for special edition, no engraving. No email yet :( Backer #2384, shipping 2/26, scheduled arrival (US, no engraving) 3/1. Excitement! @Vickram - the change to a later date also happened to the initial shipment but actually it arrived in between the original date and the later date as the dates changed again as it journeyed to the depot in the States. Cross our fingers that's what is happening to you too. Oh oh! Looks like I spoke too soon! Its getting delayed by a week now! @Stephen Chiu - Thanks! @Vickram - if its from Intretech, it's definitely the Glyph. will the units to us in EU be shipped from an EU-hub? If not we will face a huge tax/VAT-cost, or have Avegant mentioned that they will cover that cost? #55 here. Nothing. Backer 1676 (US) here. Never got any email from Avegant, but received a tracking email from Fedex, for a package from Xiamen Intretech Inc, XIAMEN, 361006 CN. I am pretty confident this is Glyph. Can anyone else confirm? FYI, package weights 1.80kg. @Don Avegant isn't really using Kickstarter for their communication anymore. If you want to contact them, you can do so on: <email> or call them: (800)270-0760 I've seen or received nothing and no response to a direct question I sent them. I'm backer 2,747 living in the USA. I have no idea when this will come or when to expect a notice of shipment. any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? any updates???? :-P take it as a compliment we are excited for it! **#374 Backer #333 in the US here and still have not gotten a shipping notification. Hey Avegant! Any new updates? Usually you get 1 out ever 2nd week and I am hyped to hear about shipping to Aus! @Aye Aye - why would the Glyph need a Google Cardboard QR code? It's not a Cardboard VR device or a device specifically for VR. at least another week of waiting before the next shipping info for anyone once the factory starts up again post-CNY holidays this week. Is there a suitable cardboard QR code for the Glyph? Hello from the UK, can anyone hear me, where is it?! @ProwlMedia thanks for the info, good to hear that some will soon be going out in the EU...hopefully those in other countries...***cou-Canada-gh*** will get shipping notifications soon too. Any updates on Australian shipments? Just got an email from them regarding international deliveries. "Glyph CE certification came through later than we expected and should be finalized sometime this week. Our international shipments are delayed until that comes in. Apologies for this, we are working as hard as we can to up the speed of our international deliveries." CE only affects people in Europe generally so can't help with outside the EEA. Any update on when anyone outside of the US might get a Glyph? Review thread is here: <url>"Avegant", no "Avegand"... @ Lawrence Callender I see your point, but I urge you to re-read what I said: "after dozens of people having their Glyphs for at least 4 days, I could not find a SINGLE user-review of the Glyph on any social media nor in YT yet..." With emphasis on "user-review" and "social-media". IMO Avegant Forums are "less-consequential" from a wide-marketing stand-point: to find it you need to be aware of Glyph already, even to find it on a search engine. And all YT videos I found this morning was pre-release prototype evaluations. No "real thing" at that point, except from a very detailed "unboxing" video from James Curtis, 4 days ago. But no follow up review so far... And to avoid misinformation, no, CE is not needed "anywhere" outside EU, unless importing from EU on some specific agreements for certain products. The gist of it: "CE marking is a mandatory conformity marking for certain products sold within the European Economic Area (EEA) since 1985. The CE marking is also found on products sold outside the EEA that are manufactured in, or designed to be sold in, the EEA." (lazily copied from Wikipedia) To receive a product from abroad, many countries, if not most of them, need the product's specifications to actually meet their own regulations and that's it. Certifications (CE, FCC and so on) can ease the process on certain items, but something like the Gliph would not fill the bill for deep scrutiny. In Brazil I can personally import anything that is NOT "blacklisted" and that meets the specs and rules settled by our appropriate regulatory agencies, even if the product has no such "certification". I could not sell the Glyph professionally without, in this case, ANATEL certification, but I can receive one for personal use without problems. I agree with you, we are all on the same boat. I'm not mad. Not enraged. Not even in a hurry, to be honest... I'm just tired of a long line of misleading information, unexpected changes and so on. And being ultimately a geek, I know I will like the Glyph when it arrives. For now I just wanted to let Avegand publicly know that not everyone feels "giddy" with their take on managing the Glyph launch. They could have done better on behalf of their backers... don't you think? I'll just calmly hold to my /facepalm/ on Avegant's latest decision about shipment policies and wait a few more weeks... or months. Peace. @Al Fusaro If you check the Avegant forums, there are plenty of reviews, and I think there are a couple on YT as well. The CE certification applies to anywhere outside of the US, Not just EU Countries...apparently. And since it was manufactured in china, Chinese backers (as well as chinese pre-orders) get theirs before all of us non US backers. Doesn't really matter what your backer # is. I'm #124 from canada. We're all in the same boat here. It's so sad that my delivery address is actually quite close to the factory; I think it's less than a 2 hours drive..... But it's still not shipping to me with backer number #689 Sadly, I have to say that agree with Al Fusaro...there have been delays, downgrades in spec...but finally, finally we were going to get our Glyphs. The shipping announcement went out, and with a backer # in the 400s I checked my mail constantly for a tracking number thinking I'd be in the first batches as promised...but nope, only via a fellow backer on here I found out that "First priority: early Kickstarter Backers" referred only to the folks in the US. I'm truly happy for those that have received theirs already...I hope they're awesome, I just wish we hadn't been misled for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Shipping to US first, fine...say that on here and take the inevitable heat from backers elsewhere, but to just post dishonest information is baffling. All said and done, I'll be happy to get my Glyph when it finally arrives, but I'm fairly disappointed with this whole thing to be completely honest...one of us should be. It would seem that Avegant made another controversial "business choice", now about the shipments... they probably prioritized US backers over the rest of the world because they must see them as their primary (local) market. I believe that they are betting on the buzz in social media, YT reviews and so on... to "fill in" for the hype and have a positive impact on future orders. To be fair, all other countries in the world that are non-EU should be receiving Glyphs in backer # order, since the "CE certification" argument would matter only in EU countries. I'm in South America, I'm backer #545, my pledge was among the now insignificant 500 Special Edition, and guess what? No shipment for me yet. No point in being outraged nor mad at Avegant. I can only "facepalm" for their shortsightedness leading them to disregard "the rest of the world" at this day and age. Btw, I must point out that, after dozens of people having their Glyphs for at least 4 days, I could not find a SINGLE user-review of the Glyph on any social media nor in YT yet... Nothing, zilch, nada, nihil, zip. /facepalm/, indeed. I'm backer #689 in HK , no tracking number, no delivery, no reply from Avegant :( What can I do? I doubt it will be late April. It will be close to end of March that they will ship all KS units. Estimated production is about 600+ units every 10-14 days, add a few days for packing & shipping prep and another week to arrive after shipping. Should be somewhere in the 2000's by end of March on top of the initial (almost) 500 units that shipped before CNY. Billy... Sorry to burst your bubble... Backer 303 here.. And I have my glyph.... But I'd bet... It's gonna be like late April to early June... No joke Since others are curious: I'm backer 1,191 from US, and may have a standard engraving on it (I just asked for the backer number/KS logo they offered). I haven't gotten any shipping notification. I expect I was on the end of units getting stuck by the Year of the Monkey vacation time. :) Anyone know what shipping service is being used? DHS, USPS? I received my Glyph on Monday (backer #940), and I just wanted to give a shout out to the Avegant team - well done! I was able to check out the initial Alpha model in NYC a couple of years ago, and they definitely delivered a great final product. I haven't tried out head tracking yet, but my general impressions match another recent post: audio and image color are amazing, but I too have a minor issue with the periphery of images being fuzzy. Each iteration of tweaking the setup gets me closer, so I suspect (hope) I will find the perfect combination soon. I am also looking forward to the iPhone app and firmware updates. All in all, a great product - thanks again for delivering, Avegant! I'm spreading the word, and I know you'll be getting some orders from my friends. It wasn't all that clear, so I was hopeful myself! :) Once I saw that some US backers in the 900s and early 1000s received their unit I assumed they are going strictly by backer number, but maybe there are other factors as well. Once CNY is done and production picks back up I would expect that early EU backers would be top priority assuming certification is all set. I received my Glyph on Monday! It is very nice! @Andrew Strout - I also got a 'Special Edition' near the end and I'm #842 but not in US. So when they said they were sending to the early backers first, they meant it. My interpretation was 'special edition' backers first so the 500 in the level, but I don't think they sent out all 500 yet since some did go to their China partner and their production would hit over 500 before CNY but shipping might not have happened in that range. All speculation by me though. I do hope you get yours actually sooner once production begins again...to prove my interpretation was right. :P just want to send some props to Ross and the Avegant support team. I shot them an email last night to let them know the right eyepiece never wanted to stay seated. They called me this afternoon with an idea to try and it worked. Seems to be working well now. Surprised by their quick response and their willingness to get it right so quickly. Backer #135 - nothing yet!? Where's the UK love? Just got mine, WOOT! The Audio and image color are amazing. Having issues with the periphery of images being fuzzy. Makes it hard to read computer/game menus. Also still messing with the fit of the device, nose pieces don't quite fit (I have a broken nose). @Stephen Thanks for passing on the info, a bit of a shame that a backer has to relay stuff like this but it's definitely appreciated. Received my glyph yesterday, and had a quick test run of it. It is fiddly to set up, and I don't think I have it optimal as yet. I've ended up not using any of the nose piece, as it was getting heavy and uncomfortable, but it may be that I didn't go through all of them. Other than that, visually, stunning, sound very good. Will be excellent once I get the set up done correctly. @Stephen US shipments so far have been strictly by backer number. The pledge Tier doesn't have anything to do with it. I was able to snag a "Special Edition" spot near the end of the campaign, but I am still backer 19xx and have not received my Glyph or any notification of shipment. Got the Glyph - First impression - WOW! Great packaging, great attention to details and overall great product. I watched a full movie and my eyes have no fatigue. Avegant team, Edward Tang, you finally delivered the mythical Glyph. Congratulations! Obviously us people outside the USA, our money was worth less, STILL WAITING! Obviously us people outside the USA, our money was worth less, STILL WAITING! Anyone else who got a Glyph today have any issues? My right eye-piece never was able to get pressed in. The left eyepiece works fine and releases with the optics release button, but not the right eye-piece...always proud. To those 'special edition' backers in the US who've received the Glyph - you lucky SOBs but glad it arrived after all the 'pending' status. For those who don't frequent the comments or read them or on the forums: - Everyone else who are not in the 'special edition' category and outside US, none of us are getting it shipped until post-Feb.16 probably due to the CE approval and post-CNY factory start date. - All other backers are probably getting there's shipped within March as Avegant has said they will finish shipping all KS backers by end of March. Production is about 75+ per day so you do the math. - Pre-orders are shipping April onwards. Can't wait to see the unboxing and review videos as the rest of us wait for our Glyphs. Exciting! Got my Glyph today. Like Crytozoic I have had some trouble with the nose piece - be careful with the screw - it's super easy to disconnect the inner mechanism. (But simple enough to get back in) Calibration was super easy and a huge improvement over their early prototypes. They really did a great job here. I downloaded the last witch hunter on an android phone using a Cable matters HDMI connector - it worked really well. In fact I actually got pulled into the movie which is huge. Audio quality is good. On comfort - they are as good as their word - you can watch movies for a while without little or no eye fatigue. With an LCD mounted display I generally get a headache within 15-20m. While you really need to play around with the nose pieces it's generally easy to wear in video mode. Audio mode...I think my heads is just too large - but they are just painful to wear as standard headphones. the optic portion digs pretty heavily into the top of my head. My recommendation would be for the cans to extend a little more from the connective base in future versions. I haven't tried hooking it up to a retro pi, computer, or gaming system yet. Overall I'm glad I backed it - even with the audio mode problems. Got mine! Haven't watched anything yet but booted it up and adjusted it to a good fit and it looks super good. Really nice build quality too. Received ours. Pretty good first impression. The nosepiece doesn't seem to want to stay in place, though. Anybody else struggling with their nose piece? I received my tracking number!! I can't wait to see the difference between the Glyph and the Rift Dk2. Any word on when anyone outside the US might be lucky enough to get their Glyph? There's a first-impressions thread on the avegant forums for those interested, located over here <url>#721 from MD. Ding ****. Got It! So excited, but unfortunately can't play with it until after work today...ARGHH... Backer #374 but nothing as of yet.. No tracking etc... Hopefully i'll get notice soon @Jame McCormick @ Hua-Ying Ling @ Peter You guys are lucky! I'm in Los Angeles and it's at the local sort facility, but not on a truck for delivery. Maybe tomorrow? Excited to be able to beam light onto my retinas. My Glyph arrived as well. Really Impressed. Only issue so far is my tivo as a direct source had some kind of audio encoding the hdmi decoder couldn't handle. Iphone has been fantastic. Arghhh... Still contributor #50 (FIFTY), out of Australia and no delivery information!!! Just got my Glyph!! =) I'm in Raleigh, NC, USA Backer #524. I want to thank the folks at Avegant for their hard work! I haven't been this excited in years! I'll video the unboxing later today and I'll post it. For other backers wondering about the pending status on the delivery date: My package was picked up on 2/3 My delivery date showed pending in GUANGZHOU CN for several days then yesterday it updated to delivery in two days 2/10 then today 2/8 it changed to delivery today by 10:30am. ....my Glyph just showed up at my door. Thank you Avegant! on fedex vehicle for delivery Sorry.. Backer 1099 Backer 1051. Package still showing as being in Japan but was delivered this morning. Odd. Will be unboxing later this afternoon. Happy day! Thanks Avegant. I´m backer #119 in Norway, haven´t received my tracking number yet either! backer number 61 xiamen-guangzhou-sennan-shi-anchorage-memphis-ny At destination sort facility, for delivery tomorrow. This might have been asked and answered but, what would be a good drone (and camera combination) to use with the glyph? @all the dates arent matching up because of the time zone differences. It appears it went China - Japan - Alaska - Tennessee Yeah now mine showed it was in Japan at 830 this morning then in Tennessee at 1030 this morning. That's some amazing timing. But now I've been updated to a Wednesday delivery time again. My Fedex tracking info is not making any sense. It's showing the the glyph is quite a world traveler, zipping from country to country in a matter of hours Mine said anchorage also but then changed to somewhere in Japan......wth Ps everyone I'm 303. My fedex number sows it just left anchorage AK for Seattle so.. In the next 2 hours. It should be in Seattle.. 360-633-7111 text or call text my you backer number... Call Emma here is her cell number 1 818 451.......pm me for the last 4 Mine is also "pending" now - spoke with Fed Ex, they said the sender, Avegant, requested a hold/delay. Not sure why they would do that... @Kyle Sziraki, mine got changed to "Pending" as well.May not get it by next Wednesday after all. Anyone else have their scheduled delivery date via FedEx change from 2/10 to "pending"? I'm thinking my Glyph thought it might be quicker to hop on a train at the Guangzhou Railway Station. Silly Glyph. #370 Got EXTRA ENGRAVING... well some custom thing to make up for some of the other promises to make it unique as possible, so I'll probably get this in time for christmas 2016. Not in any rush anymore. After seeing things like Zano, why would anyone here be crying? Look at THIS messageboard! <url>#1483 France I will probably have my glyph in March , I am very excited and happy too ! Hope that first tests from backers will be good ! How do we choose the color of the glyph? I got the survey for not engraving and also address but no option for color. thanks! #53 in Japan No tracking number yet... @Mike Baker - what made me think that you have some issues with the US is the fact you wrote this awkwardly passive aggressive diatribe: "Although having said all that, I sometimes wonder if Kickstarter (et al) isn't actively =trying= to make us hate Americans (free shipping to the US, US only rewards, US residents receive rewards first, the stereotypical American aversion to the word "sorry" in a lot of project updates" That isn't the ranting of a neutral party observing a pattern of behavior, that is someone trying to vent their frustration without coming off anti-american...because their rhetoric sounds awfully like that of someone with some negative disposition towards are a specific region which shall not be named ( :cough: 'Murica :cough:). It is hard to argue a neutral stance when you draw causation between your issues and a single region. Catalano> "Seems like you have some pent up anger about the good ol' USA [...]" Well, "good" is a value judgement that is in need of supporting evidence and "old" is provably false from the standpoint of equivalent comparison. But facetiousness aside, what makes you I have any anger towards the US? I am frustrated by some of the US-centric policies used on Kickstarter past and present (which was the object of original comment). Though frustration is not synonymous with anger, and even putting that aside I genuinely don't see how you make the leap from speaking negatively about something that involves the US to being angry about the US itself? Just because I haven't lived there for a long time doesn't mean I must automatically start to dislike it (although, I admit to having met people who do think that way). @Yang I am in Australia. This delay is unacceptable as these issues should have been address months ago! @Kristian read further down about the regulation delays, you prob in Europe? paper work is a b***h yes? SERIOUSLY! Update 58! 200 sent. I am #50 and still no tracking number! @Lawrence Callender - I am in Australia This should be coming straight down to me from China... Update please? Ivan Lee, i am totally agreed with you. I am backer #40 in Singapore. I opt out the engraving is hoping to receive the glyph before CNY, but seems like they won't make it. Till now i am still haven't received any shipping notice from them yet. CE compiance is not mandatory to Singapore as well, that is EU requirement, this is only applcable to European countries only. They shouldn't base on this reason to delay the shipment to Asia backers. I really disappointed with them. If it were manufactured and shipped from the US, it'd be more understandable but for something shipping out of China... I would imagine there to be more room for backers to be treated equally based on backer number. Especially since backers from nearby HK and TW have also not gotten any such shipping notifications and you do not need the additional CE certification to "import" the items to their countries... @mike baker - many companies offer free shipping and first shipping to the US, because they are based in the US. Seems like you have some pent up anger about the good ol' USA that you might need to talk to someone about. I can't remember which one it was, but I vaguely remember backing a project where they shipped to other countries before the US, and the amount of screaming and whining in the comments bordered on the intolerable. So I guess I'd better keep my head down to avoid being put in the same group. ^_^ Although having said all that, I sometimes wonder if Kickstarter (et al) isn't actively =trying= to make us hate Americans (free shipping to the US, US only rewards, US residents receive rewards first, the stereotypical American aversion to the word "sorry" in a lot of project updates... ;-P ) @kristian atkinson where are you located? Backer #50 No engraving and no delivery details! Seriously? WTF! Backer 542 in Pennsylvania. No engraving. Shipped. Expected delivery 2/10. Taiwan backer #1493 here. In Taiwan it only need user-guide and FCC ID to import BT product. Hope I can get mine soon. official update on shipping coming soon here (via Emma from Avegant in the forums) Yeah! so from the forums, it looks like the CE approval is holding back everyone else except the US which only needs FCC approval and of course China which doesn't need CE approval. International distribution is being worked on for pre-orders/order now as the Glyph site says only shipping to US or in China via their partner Lian Luo. International orders on the site will be available sometime in Q2. This doesn't affect Kickstarter backers except for the wait on CE certification. Yeah, as one of the UK backers, I'm gutted. But I'm really looking forward to hearing all the feedback from the US - please make sure you all post loads of comments! Just don't rub our noses in it ;) I'm #168 in the US with no engraving...and I still haven't gotten tracking info yet So, I'm assuming that it is only the US backers that have received their tracking info, this is very disappointing.... #305 and I am on the 2/10 before 10:30am delivery train. I remember saying at some point send me what ever is quickest (no engraving, beta this, beta that). Crazy that I pledge for this on January 22, 2014! I wonder if its getting stuck in customs coming out of China for this delay or the crush of upcoming CNY holidays. My scheduled delivery date was also pushed back - now is showing delivery on Wednesday, Feb. 10 by 10:30am (Backer #7, no engraving, Pennsylvania) My expected arrival also changed from 2/5 to 2/10. But I never thought we'd get to see this day so at least it's finally coming! US here. #1493 in Taiwan No tracking email yet Sigh stupid phone...meant to say expected delivery 2/10. They updated my tracker, it now says expected delivery 2/20. I'm in the US, no engraving. This engraving thing is gonna be a nightmare for them.... I am in the US - my ETA is 7 days from now as well. #124 / canada / no tracking # email :( So happy for everyone getting their Glyph in the US! Here's hoping for some info on intl orders too #154, tracking now says 2/10/16. I'm in the US. #143, forgot to ask for engraving. Received tracking number, ETA Feb 10 in the US. It was shipped Fedex from CN, which probably means that it would have been the same cost to ship almost anywhere in the world? So I'm grateful to Avegant for bearing the additional shipping expense, but if this were to be the case, I could actually have specified my Asia shipping address, and some packages could have been allocated to some in Europe. #413 in Canada here with no tracking...yet, here's hoping for tomorrow! Can people with tracking numbers let us know which country they're in? I have a sneaking suspicion that Glyphs are shipping to the US and Canada first before other countries. (Backer 135 in Japan with no tracking number yet) Crossing my fingers I'll just get the package in HK without a tracking email this Friday via a local courier. I'm in the early backers pledge level but backer #842 (someone dropped out during the campaign). I would be so delighted during the CNY holidays here and get a chance to demo the Glyph at the CNY gatherings. Backer 552 - delivered by Friday 2/5 Backer 377 - tracking received. Friday ETA. Backer 150 - Got my number :) Backer mid 200s, received fedex tracking, expected to be delivered by Friday! Backer #464, just got my fedex tracking number. Backer #471, got my Fedex tracking number as well Backer #7 - just got my FedEX tracking number Hello @avegant I received an email from <email> asking me for my shipping details which I replied with my updated shipping info. Other than being extremely excited to finally be receiving my product, can you confirm you have everything you need from me as I don't want anything to hold up my order. Thank you very much and I can't wait to get my hands on my Glyph... As a comparison I just got the Royole-X today. Incredible picture.. can't see a pixel and the colors are fantastic .. but a really really tiny viewing area. Definitely smaller than what i remember from one of the early Glyph demos I got to try. I'll let people know how they compare when I get the Glyph (Backer 285 no engraving) . I do like that it can see my Plex media library without an intervening device. Backer #2,771 without engraving, I wouldn't hold my breath to get my glyph anytime soon. I'd be lucky to get it May-June. For earlier backers, CNY starts feb 8, most if not all in China take 2-3 weeks off for CNY! Don't expect to get your glyphs so soon! @Ivan - saw that after posting here, just figured I would pass along my position (very early backer, still without the email) since there aren't many of the really early backers posting. Looking forward to tomorrow though, and will repost back here/forums with delivery estimate if possible. @Dan Fisher Check your emails tomorrow guys! Secret spoilers: <url>#7 and no shipping email either. @Kristian ouch. Backer #50 should definitely be getting it shipped to you now considering Allan mentioned that they were already at 75 units per day when they left China. Wonder whats keeping the delivery emails from coming out. Or if those units are actually headed in elsewhere in batches (like the US or China first) Backer #50 from Australia and still no word on delivery. I chose not to have engraving and you are supposedly manufacturing 75x units a day? Would have thought we would have seen delivery details by now... Perhaps we could get an update on the process of shipping the units as well as delivery priority (freight level)? Being in the first 500 would like to know that we are getting an Express freight service. Thanks! @Pam its supposed to be via Fedex from China directly if we don't live in the US! Hope they aren't in radio silence till post-CNY... Anyone know how they will be shipping e.g. UPS, Fedex, DHL? No shipping email - sub 500 backer here. So no one got a shipping email yet? *sigh* @Richard I agree completely with your points! Had hoped to escape a London Winter inside video games but hey why not the Spring. @Daniel Yes that is delightful news haha. I don't personally grudge those getting their glyph before me. It isn't their fault! Best of luck to them and I hope they enjoy it. My issue is that Avegant said they would ship by backer number with the earliest supporters getting theirs first. This is now not true. Instead of being upfront and admitting they failed to get certification in time they make a sly comment in the forums stating that European orders will be delayed, with no hint of an apology or acknowledgement that they let down European backers! You'll be pleased to hear that Chinese pre-orders ship tomorrow then :D @Avegant I'm backer #117, one of the first to support you. Sorry guys but your communication sucks! If changing spec late in the day wasn't bad enough.... you release an update saying shipping has started. Sounds great right? Not if you live in Europe according to Allan on your forum. You won't be shipping to Europe till end of Feb-March?! Where was that mentioned in your update? I was one of the very first to back you and help the campaign gain momentum yet when it comes to receiving my reward I'm left waiting at the sidelines while you ship to others first. Is my glyph manufactured and sitting ready and waiting for European certification to come through? What benefit did I get from backing this project so early? Specs have changed out of sight, no ANC, piss poor 3d support etc. Then hilariously offered a cheap and nasty engraving option as my "special edition" for being one of the first backers, which would further delay my glyph. Then the cherry on top is I don't even get my Glyph in its rightful order? I'm bitter and pissed off, despite this I'm still excited about the product. However I doubt I'll be enthusing about your company to my friends and colleagues like I would have. Too many times you've showed a lack of disregard to your backers with poor communication. Shit happens, we all appreciate that, but you've got to be open and clear in your updates! Baker #431 here Anyone get a shipping notice yet? Would you guys be shipping in batches to the US first then to other backers around the world regardless of backer number? Just wondering as I was reading about the orders to Europe being sent as a batch on the forums. (I live in Singapore) I just hope we are receiving an expedited freight as standard delivery can take between 10-21 days! From Allan, posted on the Avegant forums: "I expect somewhere in the ballpark of 500-700 units to go out prior to CNY", " The thing to remember is that this only includes non-engraved units - so delivery dates will be a bit more of a surprise as some early backers get skipped in the queue." @Jeff Black I don't know about yours, but my Chromecast needs power.. so while you're not wired to your phone, you'll be wired to a power source. And restricted to a wifi network (because the chromecast doesn't do wifi direct). Thanks again , Ivan - found it. Guess I'm no. 1735 - could be better, could be worse :-) Back #842, opted out of engraving to expedite delivery. Yes, I'm actually part of the 500 that can get the engraving. @Eric Take a look at your pledge on the kickstarter page, its not in the emails :) Thank you, Ivan, but nowhere in my emails from Avegant can I find my backer no. I pledged on Jan 28th 2014, so maybe someone can give me a clue from that. @Eric its on your pledge details! How do I know what backer no. I am? I am backer #40, no engraving. Backer #192 , no engraving ⏱ Backer #4, with engraving. Cannot wait to get my hands on this. Being involved with groups like this give you a real sense of pride. Backer #413, no engraving...and counting down til I get my hands on my Glyph :) And I definitely want to explore any possible wireless options! We shall see shortly on the product; backer #508, but I ordered it engraved, so what's another month or two after waiting two years? Looking forward to it! So apparently my Samsung S6 doesn't output HDMI, so I am wondering if I can take my Chromecast, plug it into the Glyph, and chromecast directly to the Glyph from my phone? How awesome would that be to not have a cable connectiong my phone to the Glyph, just a Chromecast dongle?!?! Nexus 6p won't work with Glyph??? Didn't find it on comparability list. Am I right?? @Cybele Definitely!! Hope they get them out to everyone soon! ;) @Ivan I'm not getting mine before Chinese New Year. I'm backer 2645. It's just the idea that they are shipping that has me all excited. @Cybele which backer number range are you in? :D I hope they get to the 800s soon! Is it just me or does anyone else want to spam reload their email to check for a tracking number? 欢迎大家加入qq群362097976畅谈 @Ivan - from the forums, I believe it was a hack they did while on an older chipset but the production version chipset is newer and they haven't found a way to do a similiar hack to get it do work on the Playstation 3/4 for 3D. I read previously that you guys were able to get the PS3 to work with the Glyph for 3D games, could you elaborate on how we would have to configure such game systems to be compatible with the Glyph? Since 3D is not going to be plug and play from what I have read. (on a push of a button) I made the purchase hoping for at least independent 1280x720 streams for editing/viewing 3D video but if I can't use it for that I'd at least like to use it for 3D gaming. (even though its still a shame to have the detail reduced by half by hSBS 720p.) @Matthew King Okay Thx, I await your feedback Received the email to doublecheck my shipping address earlier today, can't wait to be receiving it finally! Totally forgot I made the pledge for this two years ago so it's a nice suprise. Hope more than 800 units get shipped before the CNY hiatus :P @Zachary & @Ashleigh Thanks guys! Color doesn't matter, I'm so excited to get my hands on the product! @Siva You're getting a black one. Everyone gets a black one. The cost and design logistics of multiple colors was not reportedly cost effective, nor probably design effective, so they scaled back to a single color. Smart business decision. Sivaramakrishnan Subramanian I believe there was only one color at this time. Just received a request to confirm my shipping address. I just want to say that in my current feelings of Kickstarter, having been burned by especially the Zano project, I am excited to see this company doing the best they could and seeing this through. Instead of going for broke (and getting there) they made reasonable, intelligent business decisions they had to make to get this fulfilled in whatever way they could. Instead of failure, Glyph lives, is gaining accolades for what they've accomplished, and instead of a broken promise I'm going to get a product I can use. It might not have been the lofty promises, nor the ambitious time line, that I originally thought I was getting, but I'm getting a product I can enjoy. Well done Avegant. A lot of people on these boards are negative, angry, and spiteful. I am grateful, and impressed that you're seeing through on your commitment despite all of the difficulties, hurdles, and logistics that could have defeated the project. In me at least, you have a fan! Just got an email to confirm my shipping address. I don't remember selecting a color option! Did you guys select the color you are getting? @PuNiiix not sure what will work until we get them, have a Walkera Runner 250. Issue is most video system use analogue signals, will try a converter to hdmi and see if that works and let you know. Hi guys, I would use this drone (<url>#3 with only 2 backers for the project. Where does it place you in the delivery schedule? No idea, but I'm guessing somewhere at the end anyway :P @Low Chong Hung: Please refer this item: <url>"MHL to Micro-HDMI" cable? I search few hours but not found. 2. current MHL only handle 1080p, does it mean it's not possible send 3D side-by-side movie from phone to Glyph? or it will auto rescale? even 720p 3D movie will be 2160x720 in SBS mode, does it work on MHL? 3. Does Glyph handle MHL 3.0? or it's not matter to Glyph, the phone just send 3840x1080 and the active cable convert it to HDMI 1.4 for Glyph? Question: My Glyph page shows 3,331 backers. My pledge page to Glyph shows I'm backer number 3,455 pledging on 21 Feb 2014. Why is my backer number higher than the reported number of backers and where does that actually put me in the delivery schedule? @Gary Beal - what link was this? Isn't the pre-order price over now like 2 days ago and now at regular price of $699? Hey guys, what's the deal? I went to my messages and you mentioned the link being in a preorder area under the header - there's nothing there. Was this a >10 month link? I thought it was permanent? @Luis Never received your what? The Glyph has not started shipping yet. The most recent update puts it at near the end of this month at the earliest. Never received mine... The rep in the drone piloting youtube video says "shipping this month" and "shipping now" at about :40 @Xavier - Joel hasnt responded back to me, so if you are interested let me know. I definitely have multiple methods which will protect both myself and you during this process. To contact m, visit my ebay page and there is an option to contact me - <url>"natural feeling". Besides, I remember being 12 years old, & I don't wanna feel like I've got braces again. #NOheadgear Hey... Brit... What's your backer number <url># need more digging on the hardware though, 3300 ppi is insane. You move within one month of the survey and you put in your old address? Risky move :P I would have entered the address of family or something... It has been a while since you asked for my address and I have since moved. How do I change the address the unit will be shipped to? Xavier just emailed you. Sorry not sooner but holidays were busy. Btw backers pay up front so unless avegant can give me a refund and charge you then we will have to figure something out. You can use a miracast dongle (like ezcast/anycast, cheap on amazon) which don't need an in-house network: they create an ad-hoc link direct from your phone to the dongle. You still need a power supply which means a battery and a whole mess of cables if you want to fly or commute with one. With an HDMI extension cable from the glyph to your baggy you could pack the rats nest away discretely but its still a lot of effort - dongle, wires and battery to carry about. @Avenant team Happy new year too ! Well I can't be at CES ; ( but I'll take care to all feedback from backers who can test Glyph ! @Amarjeet Singh Not sure if it's possible. Unless you can get chromecast working on the glyph, I don't think you'll be able to watch any videos from your nexus 6, (I have the 6p). And I don't think chromecast will even work with the glyph. I've been searching for a solution, and so far I havn't found anything. How about an update.... Like I said ... No fucking communication Hi, does anyone know how I can connect Nexus 6 with it as Nexus 6 does not support HDMI? Thanks in advance. Xavier.. I'm very happy just sad with all the fucking secrecy.. Does AVEGANT not think that someone else is gonna not reverse engineer it. CAVEMEN MADE A WHEEL.. They just did have a motor. Or bearing. Lol @joel Hi Joel, am just waiting for James to reply if he is going to sell me his backing as he contacted me first, but if he changes his mind then I will gladly buy your backing off you, seeing as you sound unhappy with it. I ask that Avegant mediate to take payment from me and ship to my address instead, there is no reason why this has to be any more complicated than that. (MESSAGE TO AVEGANT: will you do that for us, please?) We start shipping yet? #88 here:) @James mcmillen Thanks that's fantastic, now I just need to buy your backing off you. Somehow we have to organise it so that you specify my address as the shipping address, and arrange so that I pay the 500 dollars instead of you paying. Does Kickstarter have any easier way for you to sell me your backing? ( motherofallemails at gmail dot com ) @joel U MAD BRO? If your happiness in life depends on how soon you get your glyph. Maybe there needs to be some sort of re-evaluation happening on your part (life goals, hobbies, etc). if you're #333, give it till end of jan, then you can rage all you want if you don't receive yours, until then, plzstfu, go watch the new star wars or something. I'll be catching it next week, you're free to join my gf and I if you like. @xavier potier Did anyone get back to you about selling their early bird? I pledged $500 and would happily sell it to you considering were not getting any of the custom colors or the noise cancellation. I'll take the money to put towards the ps4 morpheus. Message me if your interested. what Thanks Jeff .. Is all I know.. Is TI.. Has a 1080 mma. When and if I get mine I'm going to just tear it apart. Then I'm going to peacefully and publicly .. And maybe punitively deal with AVEGANT fucking bull shit on all their elusive and evasive .. And ohh so elegantly.. Paragraph after paragraph dance around excuses.. Update 54 . Not thanks for you support. Blah fu-King blah.!!!! But sorry sorry sorry.. CES people will get to see your Devi e first. And you know the 1 200.. 300 .. 400 units mine being 333. Go to prospective $$$ investors. Ect. I know I did it .. 20 years ago... From Allan: The Glyph goes through a standard HDMI handshake in which we express all of the resolutions supported by the Glyph. We are the "sink" in a source-sink HDMI handshake. In this role - it is the job of the source to provide the correctly formatted output. For most devices - most of the time - the result is a 720p image sent to the Glyph. Some devices/OS don't perfectly follow the HDMI standard (boo to them) and there can be an issue in which you need to manually change the setting to 720p. I hope that helps. Avegant, @joel is asking an important question. At this point, it should be EASY to provide details on supported input resolutions and refresh rates and conformation of HDCP support. Only accepting 720p as an input signal would be a huge negative to source compatibility. The Glyph used for Fallout 4 with head tracking: <url>"So what does Ensure that the source content is formatted at 720p mean in terms of day to day use? What will happen if your 720p-screen phone starts playing a 1080p movie? Or your 4k phone? What will happen if you plug in an xbox360 currently set to 480 or 1080 and you don't have a second screen to adjust beforehand?" Most of my video content in the phone is 480p, it saves space, will I be able to use it? oh, and. 59 /100 for the desktop version .. guys come on... <url>，I think PowerDVD can output Blu-Ray 3D disk movies in SBS mode, though you need a HTPC equipped with bluray drive and run the PowerDVD program. so I do have a fair amount of 3D Blu-Ray movies and now I won't be able to watch them in 3D on the glyph ... basicly everything that made the Glyph a better product than the Rift is slowly going away. If this keeps up we're gonna have nothing more than an expensive headset ... . Instead of asuming that mobile 3D (with SBS) was more important than fixed 3D (with sequential frames) you should have asked the backers. Hell after 2 years of waiting I'm starting to beleive that mine will be on ebay within a month after arrival, trying to minimize my loss. Yes it supports video and sound. It also has passive 15db noise reduction. Check out their web site forums. A lot of questions get answered there. Does it support video or sound, does it do anything. 3D is no good and noise reduction is no more not the product we backed. This seems like bait and switch, support a great product and get something less. Give Us The Great Product Please. @DeltaBlastThanks for your information. I have 2 questions and hope they have not been already answered several times. - Supports Glyph HDCP? - Receives or requires the "Glyph" FCC and or CE certification (like The Dash), so there are no problems during the import in other countries (like Pebble & Earin)? Thanks @DeltaBlast. Thanks for sharing. Guys, you can get your answers at the forums. I've copypasted a few, but seriously, go get (and ask) them yourselves ;) @Albert: "Additionally, the Glyph has the ability to adjust it's brightness with buttons on the side of the device. " from Emma, November 9 @Calvin: "we are actually customs free in most places. On the off chance that there will be a customs fee, we will be taking care of it on your behalf. " (I assume this to include VAT as those are calculated at customs) From Emma, November 2 @Hugo: Unlikely. Long answer from Allan, november 8: "Let me first say that I really love 3D and I have been a big driver for its inclusion in the Glyph - even though getting it to work has been more difficult than we originally anticipated. Very few Blu-ray discs have a 3D video in 720p. They typically have the 2D version of the movie in 720p (and many other formats) and the 3D version in 1080 and 480. We were unable to find a blu-ray player that would internally scale down the 1080p video format to 720p and then output it in 3D. Whenever we plugged in the blu-ray, the player and the glyph would go through the EDID handshake and only allow for the 2D movie option. With some "settings adjustments" etc, we could eventually get the 480 3D movie to play, but it was just not a great experience . After a long period of trial and error we were able to finally get a playstation 3 to work reliably. It worked for both video games and for movies that were downloaded from the playstation store in 720p at 60fps. Now, for the kick (in the Avegant Engineering) face! We originally achieved this 3D processing using several hardware and firmware tricks to keep the power low. We had to change our core processing chipset to increase total memory and processing power (to enable SBS video, better BLE, and some other functions), and the chipset no longer allows a few of the tricks that were implemented to get frame sequential to work in the first place. It is a situation where i had to make a judgement call. I decided it was okay if we are unable to include frame-sequential support. I made it for 2 reasons: 1) SBS is more important because it is the only format that works with mobile phones, and is the format most often used with 360 movies and other head-tracking based content 2) The new chipset is necessary and finding a new chip/workaround would have delayed shipping by several months. This choice was not easy, but I tend to favor the mobile use case over the fixed device use case because televisions etc. support great experiences while mobile video is still very blah. You might say - "just video process it". That also wont work because we do not do significant image processing on the glyph (like scaling up). It would suck down tons of power, heat up, and introduce latency that would make gaming and headtracking much less awesome." Will it ever be possible to watch 3D movies from a Playstation 3? I know that now only side by side 3D works but will it be possible in a firmware upgrade? No noise cancelation, no microphone and now only 3D that I will have to download from somewhere just to see the movies I've been purchasing since I backed this up....Your product seems to be getting more and more expensive for what it offers. On the other hand picture quality should be great and it is lighter than the Sony HMD, which I can only stand to use for 30 minutes at a time before it hurts so much to wear. So that's basically what I'm only expecting now, an image with the size as the one of the Sony HMD and with better quality and I'll still be happy this Christmas. @avegant will Vat and Gst be handled by you guys? I am rather concern whether the brightness and the contrast can be adjustable. This is to have an option to lower the light intensity to the retina for individual preference. @Avegant, After reading many of the comments both here and in the forums, I respectfully disagree with those who keep congratulating you, and would like to add my voice to those who have expressed their displeasure at the way this Kickstarter has been run. It is my considered opinion that, if we were corproate backers, your business would, at this point, be seeing repeated demands for the return of our investment capital. The lack of ANS and the decision to remove color choices appear to be a violation of the Kickstarter terms of service as you have said that you could include these features, but are choosing not to do so due to time constraints. For those that keep commenting that this is not a product purchase, please understand that (according to the terms of the site that we and Avegant have agreed to here) the descriptions and stretch goals included in a product constitute a contract between us, the backers, and Avegant. Unilaterally changing these features for an arbitrary time table is not working diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers. I cannot see anywhere where you have met the terms as set forth for being unable to complete a project as indicated in your announcement. As such I believe that you owe something more to your backers than what has been announced here. @Steve Simons - also, the first 500 were those at the 'special KS edition' that originally had the color hdmi cables & LED light choice. Thus they get engraving now that there is no such color hmdi & LED light. @Steve Simons "but what may I ask are the "first 500" receiving that is "extra special"? " I think the "extra special" gift for the first 500 IS the engraving.... With the info from the forums and the latest update, let it be clear that: -There will be no microphone and -The glyph will only accept SBS content for 3D No microphone means that: -You won't be able to take calls -You won't be able to use it for online gaming with voice chat Only SBS content means that: -You won't be able to watch legally bought 3D movies For those that don't know how 3D content works: SBS (side by side), is having two frames (with halved resolution) next to each other. This method of 3D is never used for 3D blurays and the only way to get video content in this format is by converting it yourself (a time-consuming process) or downloading them like that. Both are illegal (depending on your local laws). The quality is also crappier as each frame has halved resolution. So don't expect to plug the Glyph into your bluray player to watch a 3D-movie: it's not gonna work. * Originally we planned to include noise cancelling at $1M of funding, but because the messaging was unclear at the outset we'll include it with all of the shipped devices from here on out. More stretch goals to come! After reading the comments below, I really think we as BACKERS should have the option to trade in our "Founder Edition" when ANC becomes available. Because it hasn't been removed from the ordering website, it leaves me to believe that the "First Edition", will in fact, have ANC. KS backers should have the same opportunity, as we paid the same, and paved the way for the Glyph to even EXIST! Hello @Avegant, Appreciate the engraving, but what may I ask are the "first 500" receiving that is "extra special"? Why would you further reward 500 people who actually paid LESS than everyone else? In my eyes, a backer, is a backer, is a backer. In the end, all that truly remains, is that we ALL backed you! And if we ALL didn't back you, say, people stopped backing at # 500, we wouldn't be having this conversation right now, would we? We. Are. All. Equal. Steve Simons Hello Team Avegant and kudos to all of the time and effort each one of you has put into the Glyph project. I know there have been bumps in the road and probably a few sleepless nights in getting to this point but I for one am excited about what you are about to deliver. To those backers who feel slighted, I know first hand all of the difficulties which go into producing a consumer product. My family has been in business since 1952 delivering those products and as the CTO I deal with tough decisions everyday on getting a product out the door. Time constraints, financial constraints and technological constraints all play an enormous factor on bringing a product to market. Undoubtably, one of the most difficult challenges of getting a product to market is to do so in a timely manner. We market and take our new products to trade shows, receive input from current and potential customers. We show people the possibilities and our dreams for the product. In the end it all comes down to what features and options can we squeeze into the product while doing so in a timely manner and maintaining a high degree of quality. After all, just how long is an end user willing to wait to get their hands on product? Will another 6 months of waiting agitate a user more than losing a few features? The answer is almost always, yes. Time, is something all of us have difficulty waiting for. There will always be features and options which don't make the cut due to constraints of bringing a product to market. Can we and will we make everyone happy, no. The truth in business is you will never make everyone happy. However, if a product like the Glyph is successful and people love using it will continue to move forward with improvements and features. How often do all of us upgrade our devices like phones, laptops, tablets , TV's and the like? Next year around December if a new and improved Glyph hits the market will you buy one, I will. As a techie I'm always looking forward to new and exciting features and upgrades. But, I will always be proud to own my Founders Edition because I played a role in making Avegant's dream come true. Again, thank you Team Avegant for putting in all the time and effort into an amazing one of a kind product. I'm looking forward to flying my drones with it and watching a movie while my wife is sleeping or vice-versa. I totally agree with Tadpole . I have backed more then a few projects. Recently I was let down by another project (OwnPhones: Wireless, Custom-Fit, 3D Printed Earbuds) They collected what I figured was a decent amount to finish the project. They recently CLOSED UP... no refunds no earbuds for anyone. I accept the risk when I back something. People will scream about "law suits" and want refunds from a company with no more money. I am happy with the Glyph. They are moving forward and I think they will deliver a great product! Waiting is tough but worth it. Just be happy that they are not closing before they finish. It happens more often then people think... I hope no one jumps on my back for this, but in light of some of the comments, I feel I must express my opinion on this kickstarter campaign. Firstly, I feel the level of communication and involvement is really quite good. I'm not sure what everyone is expecting, but compared to the majority of other crowdfunding campaigns I've been involved with, the level of exchange has been exceptional. I DO understand that some are upset that decisions were made without consulting with the backers, but TBH, I have yet to see any group do that when it comes to critical decisions. I think sometimes someone has to lead, and I can't imagine anything getting done if it was always put to a vote with the backers. We back the company, and the company makes the decisions. The reality of crowdfunding is that, despite what is often suggested, it isn't about getting a deal on a great item. It is about helping someone with an idea for a great item to get started. I think a lot of people miss that point. The risk of a campaign not succeeding never really outweighs the minimal discount in price that you get. Couple that with the fact that many of these first gen. devices are very *beta*-like, I think we all should take a solid look at why we are backing. If it is for a financial advantage compared to a commercial product, then you will often be disappointed. My hats off to the entire team for getting this done, and for the regular updates. I for one wish them only the best! I, for one, am excited by this news, and kudos to the Glyph team for providing a quality product to us backers! I am ok with the compromises made in order to provide a quality product in the end that will actually be shipped to everyone. I also backed, OwnPhones, another KS project that just announced they've squandered all the money raised, and will have no product to ship due to many managerial mis-steps on the creator's part. I lost a substantial sum, along with many other backers, on that one having pledged for multiple units. The Avegant team, in contrast, shows how a startup can be done right, even when overcoming obstacles in the way to overall success of the project! Great work so far Avegant team! Emma on customs: "Customs fees: Nope, we are actually customs free in most places. On the off chance that there will be a customs fee, we will be taking care of it on your behalf. " Hi team Avenant, Very happy with last update ! Happy to know that bakers will get a Glyph Founder’s Edition. Well now it's time to tell us if you'll pay for customs duty as promised ! In my case I baked for two Glyph. Hope to get them both ;) A lot of people always seem to forget that Kickstarter is not a place where you buy a product. When you back a project, you invest money into it. And no investment is risk free or has a guaranteed outcome. A lot of KS projects have delays, features get dropped and sometimes projects get so mismanaged (myIDkey) that the company behind it simply goes bankrupt (OwnPhones). I also dislike the fact that ANC has been removed or that it only comes in black. But those are the risks when backing a project that is still in development. I do hope to have my Glyph in my hands before my next birthday (mid january) and if not ... so be it. The only thing really bothering me at this moment is the lack of communication from Avegant about the concerns from the backers. I do hope they get that sorted out ASAP. Update would be great!!! your Backers the people who helped you remember us we would like to know what is going on??? i'm just going to drive to Olympia here and forward my info to the Attorney General.. Saw something on the news about they helped someone that had a issue with over promises The latest message from Avegant does not mention any Bluetooth anymore (neither head tracking that is now USB nor audio). Is that a new feature dropped ?? I think it's a bit unfair to blame Avegant for the fact that I don't back anything on these sites anymore but I'd be lying if I didn't admit it was huge factor. I am nothing but disappointed at this point. I know I fell for the hype but after all these delays I can't believe they are still cutting features. I hope you guys aren't relying on word of mouth for future sales. Most of the people on these sites are so called "alpha consumers". We're the people who buy things first, who takes chances on new things and then spread the word to people who trust our opinions. Word of mouth is the most powerful advertising medium and negative word of mouth can do a lot more damage than most people realize. I will of course wait to get the actual product in my hand before forming my opinion but at this point I'm not optimistic. Latest from the forum: -------------------------------------------- We are going to begin shipping units in December. This means that there will definitely be many people who will receive their units by the end of the month, but there is no way of promising this to every single person (a lot will depend on where in the world we are shipping, etc.). We will have more details on how you can track your Glyph once the time gets closer. Hope this makes sense. I understand your concerns and agree with you. Thank you for all of the feedback. To continue answering your questions: Customs fees: Nope, we are actually customs free in most places. On the off chance that there will be a customs fee, we will be taking care of it on your behalf. Microphone: There is not a microphone built into the product. After the ANC decision, we decided that it would be best not to include a microphone. We will be sending an announcement out about this shortly . And, Allan (our CTO and co-founder) will be further addressing why this decision was made. What is going to be in which version and when: As of right now, there is only one version of Glyph and that is the Founder's Edition. It will include a 4-5 hour battery life, upgradeable firmware, USB headtracking, 3D support, swappable nose bridges, noise isolating over the ear headphones, a carrying case, an optional headstrap for long term usage and a lens cover for using the device in audio mode. In the box you will also be receiving HDMI and USB cables. Optics: We have already gone through two more cycles of optics since the Kickstarter day that Jim was at and the "box" that he is referring to around the optics is much better. By the time we ship your units out, this issue should be completely mitigated and the surrounding area (around the picture) will be completely black. Let me know what else I can help with. In the meantime, I am working on an update to send to the KS community. official respond. for those not visiting forum often. ---------------------------------------- emma_from_avegant Thank you for reaching out on all of these questions. I am sorry that our communication has been imperfect recently, we're trying to get more help in to manage our communication efforts because it's all hands on deck for shipping. We are a very small team and are trying our best to get you a great product. In truth and as you know, there was a lot more that went into making this product than we initially anticipated; as a result, we had to make some pretty tough decisions on cost vs. volume vs. shipping. But rest assured, the product you'll be receiving will deliver an awesome experience. I'll try to address your points more directly herein: ANC: We honestly didn't make a decision on ANC until after one of our most recent prototype runs -- and it came down to a multitude of factors: price, complexity, shipping time, physical space on the circuit boards in the device -- the list goes on. Along the way, we have been updating Kickstarter backers stating that we were waiting to hit manufacturing milestones before we were going to be able to make final decisions. Unfortunately, the time came to make this decision and we felt as though it was the best choice. I can promise you that the audio still sounds fantastic - (the majority of) people who try the Glyph are really impressed with the audio quality and noise isolation. 3D support: We are still working with our supplier to suss out what our firmware can project forward from their standards. We know that 3D with side-by-side content looks great on the Glyph and we are working on a list of all possible form factors. We should be sending an update out about this in the coming week. Dimensions of the Glyph on my desk here: width - 7.5 inches (190.5mm), height - 4 inches (101.6mm), depth - 7.5 inches (190.5mm) Propriety cable: I answered this one on an easier thread as well, apologies if you did not see it. The wording on that cabling update was a bit confusing. We are not shipping with a proprietary cable, just a standard micro to regular HDMI cable with custom Avegant branding. The connector on the Glyph is a standard microHDMI port. Optics cover and magnetic nose bridges: These work well and will not fall out easily. In some of the prototypes that we showed at Kickstarter event, the magnet was not strong enough. This has been fixed. Website: We are in the process of completely updating our website. The current product specs have been removed in the meantime so as to not create any more confusion. Keep a look out for a new site, which we are super excited about, in the coming weeks. Shipping address surveys are coming, I promise. I will continue to work through a lot more of these threads and questions in the next couple of days and see if I can find any fun stories and pictures to share with you. As always, thank you for your continued support and feedback. Emma @Creator, this campaign was based on you supplying a noise cancelling headset. For very many backers this is a key feature...in my case the main use of the Glyph will be on aircraft and I would not have backed the project without the claimed ANC. To just dump this central feature for your initial backers is appalling behaviour. If the story had been "we just can't implement it" that might have been understood, albeit with disappointment. Instead you appear to be dumping ANC for KS backers to save money and fully intend to offer it in the retail version. Shame on you Avegant. How about you stop lying to your KS backers and show us some respect for helping you launch the Glyph. Don't you have any morals....? I am willing to wait a bit longer to get my glyph with anc. Those that doesn't care about anc can have the founder edition, but I want the anc edition as promised! Thanks.. Kudos for an excellent summary DeltaBlast. For public companies I'd usually buy stock and reach out to investor relations when I wasn't happy with a product. You'd be amazed at what can happen. In this case maybe the answer is to start reaching out to their venture capital partners Intel Capital and NHN Investment. It might help right the ship. Dear people of Avegant, Why is there barely any communcation to (and more importantly *with*) us? Not talking to us about the loss of ANC is a perfect example of your silence throughout the entire campaign. Every now and then you give us bits and pieces, but you have so much more information, why do you keep it quiet? Dropping the ANC was a decision made long ago, I'm sure, why didn't you inform us back then? Why do you keep using vague and changing reasons for dropping it? Why don't you answer all of our questions? But most of all, why don't you make us excited with new info? There should be someone dedicated to communication that answers *all* questions here and on Kickstarter and give us every bit of news there is. Manage expectations! Make us want this product! This would be your best marketing! As far as I can gather from Kickstarter comments and the forums here, everyone's opinion of the Glyph is steadily declining. Surely you must see this? Why are you silent about almost everything? There's a thread with the question on how 3D will be supported: no answer. There's a thread about the dimensions of the Glyph: no answer. There's a thread about the proprietary cable: there was an answer on kickstarter, but none here. There are questions about the optics cover, the magnetic nosebridges (that seem to fall of easily?), the case it comes in, the website (it still says ANC is in), surveys (if you want to ship in december, you better start asking for addresses), technical questions about power, software, API's, SDK's etc. The list goes on. Why won't you talk to us? What else is happening? We see photos of people of DJI flying drones with the Glyph, we see a guy in an airplane with the Glyph... why don't you share us the stories about those? We have to read between the lines to see that there are going to be multiple versions of the Glyph (you talk of a "Founder's edition"): why won't you tell us about this? What is going to be in which version and when? As ANC, multiple colors, etc are all dropped, we are questioning all your past promises now: will MVC encoded 3D still be supported? Are you still paying for customs fees? Is there still a microphone built in? TALK TO US! "Please feel free to reach out with any additional questions on the subject. I will be doing my best to keep everyone updated on the forums." I think we are reaching out. Are we doing it wrong? If so, please tell us how to do it instead. Should we send e-mails or something? This is a crosspost from the forum ( <url>"me too" headsets that will flood the market? The technology difference won't carry much weight when the same thing can be accomplished aaa cross the various devices. And, quite frankly, the early reports from people who have used the Glyph aren't very promising. Is the Glyph more portable? At this point, sure. It won't take long for something more portable to get out there, though. Hell, at this rate, it may be available even before the Glyph. You ran a good campaign, you got a lot of money, not only from your backers but from private investors as well. With that amount of funding, this really should have come closer to meeting its dates. At this point, I'm already evaluating the myriad competition that's out there now, or will be very soon. It's a shame, really, because a year and a half ago this market was wide open -- now it's getting crowded very quickly, by much larger players. I suspect the Glyph won't get noticed at all. Everybody want get Glyph in this year with ANC but Avegant tell us it's not possible. Ok, How about let people have choice? 2 options: 1.Get Glyph in this year without ANC. 2.Get Glyph after xxx month with ANC. (Avegant tell us xxx = ?) Latest update: "It costs too much." Several days later: "In order to optimize our time to market" There's some serious miscommunication going on at Avegant. Or outright deception. I don't really care which. All I care about is getting that noise cancelling when I get my Glyph. Please, for the love of all that is holy, get that back in. The comment from Avegant makes it worse ! The whole reason for the 12 months delay was to get "the functionality and reliability of the final Glyph that people at Best Buy or Amazon receive" (update 18). Now Avegant is talking about a "Founder’s Edition" which they "opted to build this version of the product without ANC". Does this mean that non-backers will actually get the ANC while us kickstarter pledgers that made it all possible do not ? Here is the Brief Statement that Avegant placed on the Forum (same link as what Daniel Scott provided): " emma_from_avegant October 20 Hey guys - I wanted to personally reach out to the community to shed some light on the ANC decision. Ultimately, we are committed to bringing Glyph to market for all of you, and Glyph Founder's Edition will be the first step in that journey. In order to optimize our time to market and deliver the Founder’s Edition this year, we opted to build this version of the product without ANC. After evaluating the quality of the current noise isolation built into the Glyph, we feel as though the headphones still deliver a great audio experience, even without ANC. As you know, we want to build the best product possible for our community, and we love that we are building a product that so many people are passionate about. We are currently in the middle of some pretty extensive beta testing, and will continue to evaluate ANC during this process. Please feel free to reach out with any additional questions on the subject. I will be doing my best to keep everyone updated on the forums. And, as always, thank you for your feedback and support." Avegant made a brief statement on their forums: ANC was removed 'to optimize our time to market and deliver the Founder’s Edition this year'. No further comments provided. See: <url>#Item_485 @Richard Great question. I plan on watching blurays from my xbox one - we need confirmation that the glyph will work with 3d blurays. The late announcement of dropping a major feature is the worst element in this. Casually slipping it into an update like it's no big deal, poor form Avegant! The other part that worries me is the vague description of 3D support. This was touted as another big selling point (a projector/display for each eye - perfect for 3D) You mention sbs but not 3D Blu Ray which is the easiest way to *legally* get 3D films. Can you confirm the glyph will play 3D films when attached to my PS3? These were to be a significant upgrade to my headphones that I use for travel. The noise-canceling feature was a major factor in my decision to spend more than I should for a pair of headphones. Don't get me wrong, the video features are amazing but noise-canceling put it over the edge. IMO removing this feature was a poor decision. Wow! No Noice-canceling ? I backed this because I would using the unit watching movies on my flights.. Headtracking? why? WHO is the endcustomer Avegant for this product?? it seems you missed that part along the road... have you changed target from seeing movies on the run, to use these with a Drone? Not happy with Your decision. and frankly, letting us know this now?? @Jonathan, seriously...are you familar with Stockholm syndrome? My point about extending the special KS edition to all backers was to make up for not delivering on some key promises, ie noise cancelling. How you could interpret the gesture of giving a special KS edition to all KS backers as a broken promise is beyond me.... I too am significantly disappointed. Active noise cancellation was one of the reasons that got me onboard, the rest had better be really really good. I just think it is pretty bad form and actually fairly disrespectful to have waited until now to share that information with us. I doubt the decision was just taken (or we are still very far from the product actually rolling out from the factory). Considering that the kickstarter backers were instrumental in demonstrating a market and subsequently allowing the company to be successfully backed by large industrial players and that (almost) everybody was fairly understanding of the 12+ months delay, Avegant could have been more open about this point. The only thing to worry about regarding cables is remember Avegant guaranteed to include a micro adapter so it will fit any connection large or small out of the box. @ Don Freeman. Daft. Just plain daft. Great news and thank you for the update. I'm looking forward to using the new product. I could care less about color cords and colored devices (mostly because I was always intending to use black)...even though that and semi-rigid cases were stretch goals. Losing the active noise cancelling is unacceptable. Something that was promised (not "we'll try to fit it in", but promised!). In your Reddit ama you said "The noise canceling is pretty good. We currently get about 20 decibels reduction at low frequencies when it is on. Bose is up around 30. Instead of going for maximum noise cancellation, we wanted to keep the sound quality at a premium. We did this so well that you don't notice any change in the sound from the source when the ANC is turned on." And "We have done our own audio (with a top end audio engineer). We are working with AMS for ANC. We encourage people to come out and listen at our meet-ups and share their feedback as well." Allen mentioned several times how important premium audio with ANC was. And now it is gone? These weren't supposed to be a 2nd set of headphones; they were replacing my boss noise cancelling. They were to be used extensively during travel. And now noise cancelling is gone? And we're just finding this out now. I thought you guys were working on your communication skills. But I guess you were just waiting for the preorder company you use, Shoplocket, to go under so nobody could cancel their preorders... I'm obviously a little confused about some responses here on this forum. I don't know what to say about noise cancelling not being included (not a big deal for me), but why are people so upset about the first 500 people getting a Kickstarter special edition? I looked at the original campaign page and the first 500 people to pledge $499 were promised a Kickstarter special edition, and the next 2233 people who pledged $499 got a standard edition. It's right there for all to see. I realize that Avegant hasn't been able to keep all of their promises concerning the Glyph, but if they gave a special edition to everyone wouldn't that just be breaking another promise (this time to the first 500 to pledge)? Seems to me like an easy promise to keep after all. I'm pretty sure at least 80% of your customers want the noise cancelling and are upset that you suddenly announced that it's not longer going to be included. How do you justify NOT including such a needed feature, while keeping in head tracking with a device that's not VR oriented? Shame on you Avegant, Shame, Shame, Shame.... Broken promises, abandoned stretch goals and then your mystery attempt to make it up to your KS backers is limited to the first 500!...are you trying to alienate the very people who gave you your first backing? If nothing else make the KS special edition available to all KS backers, anything less is just an insult to very many people who have helped you get this far. This product was sold as a personal home theatre when it first went on Kickstarter..so why is head tracking and Bluetooth more important than noise cancellation? Please bring back noise cancelling. I want to use this on a plane while travelling. Please please please bring back noise cancelling. I'd rather you remove the Bluetooth functionality than noise cancelling. Or, remove the useless head tracking function! FAQ's Audio - Everyone gets the noise cancelling feature right? Yes, noise cancelling will be a feature in all Glyph purchases for beta purchasers. Seems to me I've heard this song before.... Stretch Goals Announced and Expanding the Avegant Roadshow 18 Comments Like 25 likes Day Three. We're slowly starting to dig out of the initial orders and questions. Thanks again to everyone who supported us so far, you've been awesome. We talked among the team about stretch goals and have come to a few decisions. At $500K (that is, yesterday), we're going to expand the number of available body colors for the regular Glyph $499 contribution or the $499 special edition to include Red, Green and Orange. LED and HDMI colors will remain blue and black respectively on the regular edition. Customized LED and HDMI colors for the special edition will remain among the currently offered options. You'll be able to pick your colors after the campaign is finished. At $750K we'll include a basic semi-rigid fabric protective case with all shipped Glyphs (excluding the $999 version with a customized case). We still haven't picked the precise design yet, but we'll send that out later. Details on the $1M Stretch Goal 19 Comments Like 22 likes Hey everyone, After listening to the Glyph comment threads and fielding an inbox full of messages, we wanted to lock in the $1M stretch goal for custom engraving. This means that ALL of our Kickstarter backers who buy a Glyph or Glyph special edition during the campaign will have the option to engrave a limited edition message and the backer number on the side of the left ear can. We'll vote on the precise language after the campaign closes and you can opt out of any part (or all of) the engraving as well. Thanks to everyone who weighed in on the $1M stretch goal process and to those who understand the difficulty of meeting challenging engineering milestones. We're doing our best to make you all happy and keep you engaged, so please forgive us if the message is occasionally foggy. At the end of the day, we're all still getting Glyphs! Today begins week two of our campaign. Wish us luck as we push through the middle. We're headed to the Chicago event to shoot some photos for you all. Team Avegant I emailed Avegant personally 11/19/14 with this message. It was never responded to. So I'm not in the least surprised what they're doing now. While I had originally hoped to give this to my mom as a holiday gift next month as originally planned to be delivered, she was diagnosed with cancer in February 2014. I'd hoped she'd have it soon for her chemo treatments. Then I'd hoped for at least a June 2014 release so it could be her last birthday gift. Didn't happen. She passed away September 5, 2014. 17 days before my birthday. Today was the 1st Thanksgiving without her. I originally wanted to make her happy. Then I wanted to make her escape her chemo. Then I'd hoped for a birthday gift. I'm not a backer who's pissed he doesn't have his precious headphones. I'd trade all the Glyph's in the world to have my mom back. I JUST want to know when it'll be at my door. Maybe it can bring ME some happiness. I haven't been back to work since her death. Also... why do i feel "A Special Edition or standard Founder's Edition Glyph: Though we won't be able to include colors, we do have something very special in mind for the first 500 Special Edition backers. We're working with the manufacturer on it right now." is the engraving stretch goal ^^; Is the case that is part of the box ("A case: A soft fabric case for easy Glyph storage.") the case that was in the stretch goal ("At $750K we'll include a basic semi-rigid fabric protective case with all shipped Glyphs")... or it will be another case? or is it another one of those unfulfilled stretch goal? As a super oil hair owner, I am happy to see the Glyph come with Lens Cover. And, Please give more information about special parts replace plan (such as Battery, HDMI cable) At last, hope get my Glyph in 2015. So just to be clear, the avegant site still lists active noise cancelling in the specs, and offers two colours for pre-orders. Does this mean that anyone who pre-orders will get those, or has the site just not updated yet? @ Steve Simons I 100% Agree with what you wrote Great Point. @ Avegant Team Why is it that 3,331 people backed this project but only the first 500 will get special Kickstarter edition? Seems very unfair and not a good move for your company. Do you want people giving your company a Bad wrap even before your product hits the market? Most people here gave at least $500 USD to your company because we saw a great product that could be beneficial in so many ways and now your acting like some Big Ass Company who doesn't give a shit where you started from. Just some food for thought. @ Avegant I TOO am disappointed that noise cancellation won't be offered, as it was a big selling point to me. But what twists the knife even more, is that if you weren't fast enough to be the first 500, then screw you! Nothing special for you, cuz your money was worth less. In all, if you're taking something promised away (noise cancellation), why not give ALL KickStarter's something "special" to make up for it??? Is the HDMI port set up to use power the device using the 5V input on the 18th pin? This would eliminate the need for a second cable (usb) to the headset I had the pleasure of trying the glyph out at the party in NYC last week and it was amazing! And the definition was SO much better than the occulus I had tried the same day at the Samsung store. And after seeing a lot of Kickstarter tech projects either dissipate or take so long they didn't matter anymore, this was really exciting. I strongly believe the changes and decisions were well thought out, and am very happy with what I experienced. Can't wait to get mine, even if it's not in blue....I can live with that. The creators clearly have worked hard and had a lot of justifiable pride in their product. Will it still have a microphone for headset mode (either wired or bluetooth)? Wasn't mentioned in the update. Will bluetooth audio come later in a firmware update? You mention cost being the driver of the active noise canceling decision. How much additional would it cost to implement (per unit)? This makes the entire thing almost worthless to me as that was a major selling point. I would be more willing to pay up another 50-75 if it was somehow possible to get an ANC version. @Avegant: I'm very disappointed in your decision to quietly remove active noise canceling from the Glyph feature set. As of today, your website stil advertises both active and passive noise canceling as features of the Glyph. Clearly the decision to cut ANC was made some time ago, yet your advertising materials did not (and to this day do not) reflect this change. Changing the available colors, LED lighting, or custom engraving are cosmetic changes that do no affect the functionality of the device. However, announcing the removal of a core feature at this stage is dishonest and leaves me rather disappointed in the Avegant team. Great update from all at Avegant!! Any photos or footage of final shipped units? Nice meltdown Rob ;-) What's Snoop getting in his $10k edition Glyph? Please clarify for me the 3D support for the "49" "What's Coming in The Box" "packed as much as we could into the device that we're delivering later this year. That includes: 3D and 360 content support. 3D support works marvelously with side-by-side content. 360 imaging will work with head tracking." There is no mention of Full HD 3D from Blu-ray 3D MVC encoded movies? Thanks WTH is with peoples ridiculous comments on here? they are gonna finish it when they finish it. Do you want some half assed product like what happens when other projects rush to meet timelines? they have been nothing but informative and forthright throughout the ENTIRE process of the creation of the device. Out of all of the projects I have backed, this has by far been the best. They keep you well informed and up to date. Seriously people, get a grip. It will be done soon enough. Take a blue pill and Netflix and chill in the meantime. @Avegant - That's way better than something proprietary. Thanks for the clarification. "HDMI and USB Cables: The HDMI cable will be a custom, Avegant-only micro-HDMI connection." So, am I interpreting this correctly in that you've created a proprietary cable? As in I'd have to buy one from Avegant for replacements/alternate lengths? @Mynegawn (& really everyone who is angry/anxious) TOTALLY get your frustration, & it makes he hesitant to back stuff on crowd funding sites, BUT! Just have a peek over at the Moment Smartwatch. I backed that. They don't even have a working prototype yet. Thankfully my cc company is ridiculously awesome, and they're disputing it for me. However, the fact that this has taken a looooooong time, AND the have working betas, PROVES that at the VERY least, we will get our Glyphs. We won't get f'd in the ass without a condom, lube or flowers. I personally am ECSTATIC that they have something to show for our money. Did it take long? Hell yes! I just learned this last night. Did you know it took Edison 10,000 tries to get his lightbulb to work? Imagine if it were crowd funded. How pissed everyone would be, as they chased him down the road with their pitchforks! � I guess I'm just sayin'.....good things come to those who wait. If you'd wanted cool headphones that did something unusual, you could've gone to Brookstone, or waited until these are released for retail. @DeltaBlast - thanks for the forum links. Haven't signed into the forum in a long time to follow as there wasn't much happening at that time. For the people here that don't visit the Avegant forums: you really should! In the past few days we had some reviews of people that went to the Kickstarter days, and we had Allan answer user questions. Have a look at the latest threads here: <url>#Item_426 my computer crashed when i was finishing my survey info... the https session timmed out.. please get ahold of me.. Almost 2 years. ..i just wanna know, when will i finally get my Glyph??? Please drop test them :). x2 DEC... I personally hope they miss their deadline.. and have to ANSWER up at CES... Looking forward to the NYC get together in 2 weeks...will be flying in from Texas that day, hopefully planes not delayed/hijacked/Bermuda triangled. Otherwise I'll be there!! This should serve as a cautionary. If projects keep running into excessive overtime, Kickstarter should have a built in mechanic to refund a percentage of the backed amount due to the inconvenience. Such ideas are likely to be the result of campaigns that ignore their own timelines. Why deliver what was previously offered during the campaign when the money has already been collected. For most of you it should be clear. A lot of the products offered on kickstarter are like a bait and switch. To keep from borrowing money from the banks, startups have found a way to secure no interest initial financing AKA the Backers. Knowledge of the inability to deliver the product on the original timeline was always a part of the game. Think about it. The tech is irrelevant as it will likely show up again. Colored LED rings and numbered stamps. The current prototype looks nothing like the original even though it likely functions the same. Now that they are well on their way, you get to sit back and wait for the dream to be realized. So no more complaining people. You have only been waiting upwards of 700 days. On one hand: awesome news, finally a timeline! (Well, "we're starting shipping in December" is sort of a timeline) On the other: Starting shipping in December probably means "the first unit is leaving on December 31st and the last maybe in April" ;) Yes I'm always pessimistic ^_^ Hi Well last news are crazy and amazing news !!! It's like a dream for me : perhaps I would get Glyph for Christmas ? ! OK let's wait Thank you Avegant team for your work Expect that product will be very good and that you respect all your promises (for example no duties for backers) I see the pre-production prototype is being tested and used by DJI. <url>"meaning us BACKER's" AKA your TRUE bosses.. A year behind the delivery date now. The least the backers deserve is a timeline. I don't mind delays as long as I am aware of it, delays are part of any new product but updates from AVENT would keep the backers at ease. though I still have faith in Avegant delivering Glyph in 2015, in case of potential further delays, will you at least offer the option for refund? I believe it is a fair decision that can be made without influence of manufacturing process. Equal than others.... (Yugh autocorrection) So this is the first of a bunch of Kickstarters I backed (january 2014, had to look it up) and still no idea of when it will be delivered. Pls share your timeline with us Avegant, as I'm sure you shared it with your other investors. Or are some investors more equalizer than others?? To.. Vila.. I think they know that CES.. 2016.. Will ruin everything if it's not done by then. So they really have an encentive.. Because bigger and better by others is COMMING QUICK.... I HOPE THAT.. ENCOURAGES AND.... I just have had a tooth pulled and that was more fun than knowing my $$ Has help developed a product that's outdated.. I sure hope you plan on putting in the new TI .. FULL HD ARRAYS IN THESE... THEN ... ..... THIS TELLS ME TO BE RESPECTFUL AND CONSIDERATE.. I AM.. COMMENT 1718... And it's just all talk talk talk @Vikramaditya The events in NY and SF are for Kickstarter backers only; they are not 'PR stunts' or meetings with potential investors. It seems to me that more money we contributed is being spent in PR stunts by the creators then actually sticking to the promise of delivery of the Kickstarter product we backed. Have been patient till now but this has gone on too far. Do you plan to deliver the product AFTER other companies have already come up with something similar? We backed you guys and all the prototypes and stuff goes to display your work to others to gain more funds? Please let us backers know you are not going to disappoint. It's great that Glyph is still alive and moving along but an update showing some sort of updated timeline would be great right now. @Daniel, yeah it was time for an update where they dare to mention timelines and estimates, and being honest about failing to deliver before Christmas. Instead they just keep stringing us along seemingly without a care in the world. To me, Avegant has been one of the most disrespectful creator I have come across in Kickstarter. It's quite disappointing. @Daniel, yeah it was time for an update where they dare to mention timelines and estimates, and being honest about failing to deliver before Christmas. Instead they just keep stringing us along seemingly without a care in the world. To me, Avegant has been one of the most disrespectful creator I have come across in Kickstarter. It's quite disappointing. Updates? @ZarK It is ? Yey, it's time for another update! :-) Excellent news for me too ! New investor shows again that your concept is excellent. Now please tell us if Glyph can be ready before the end of next year ? I suppose that these new funds is to continue to work , test, rework, test, ... on Glyph ? Rest assured, Top Men are on this. The only thing more secure than confidential Glyph data is the PGP encryption key to Ed's heart. Why don't you return my calls Ed? "We announced today that Avegant has closed a $24M Series B round of funding, led by investor Lian Luo (Hangzhou Liaison Interactive Information Technology Co., Ltd), a market leader in China." Does this mean that the above Chinese company in particular, and the Chinese in general, now has access to Avegant/Glyph technology -- trade secrets -- intellectual property? And will therefore be able to jump start or accelerate their own development of similar or better products at lower cost? People need to relax. Rome wasn't built in a day and this isn't some fly by night company. They provide updates all the time when new information is available and it sure looks like they are progressing very smoothly. Companies aren't giving Avegant tens of millions of dollars for nothing. Do you want a great functioning product or something someone slopped together? We will get our Glyphs and it will be good. So say we all @ Joseph The Android Wife is a common misconception. It's a mobile household human form assistant. It is still currently illegal to marry an android (as of the Federal decision 2046.02.14). It is also illegal to jailbreak and add attachments... Avegant/Sony has released a new announcement as of 2049.01.05 they have succeeded in integrating a new motion detection and interactive reality system and the new Mobile Personal Theater System with Built In Audio and Interactive Reality will be available in the third quarter. ------------------------------- But Avegant seriously congrats on the new set of investors. I expect after Beta testing we'll be receiving these shortly? Are you still on track within your timeline? @Alessandro That's a good question Mr. Fontana. I just came back from year 2049 and looks like it's not. But we got these cute Japanese android wives you can buy at Walmart. Well done guys. Do you think that will we receive it before the teleporter will be available on our homes? That's a good idea Liam, and I agree - most of my gadgets lives a fairly rough life ;-) Please drop test them :). @Zark thanks for updated that is very good to know. I don't go to there forum because don't remember what it is since it to long :( From their forum, Grant promised an update today, together with some answers. Questions (daya): 1) Are the two remaining steps [from their timeline] being worked on? 2) What is the company's estimate on the start of mass production? 3) After mass production starts, what is the estimated shipping time to their fulfillment house? 4) Where there any more perks confirmed to replace those stretch goals that no longer apply. Answers (avegrant): 1) Yes. But they'll also expand or contract based on how awesome the current prototypes are. 2). We'll know once we start testing the guys coming off the factory floor this month. If they're crappy then we obviously need to put more work into it. So far though, we'll go into MP right after we ship our KS units. 3) Not sure. But KS and preorder folks are going to get the earliest units before MP. 4) We're sorting that out right now. Provided these prototypes look good we have to sign off on the final bill of materials and then we can figure out what makes the cut -- and what we can customize. I'm reposting here since the forum is public, hope everyone is ok with that. Updates? I've waited for over a year for this product....just be honest & tell us backers - when will we finally get our Glyph pls. Hi Avegant, it's already time for another update! I know it may not seem as too long since last update, but to us backers it has been an eternity already! You need to update us often to ensure us that yea, you are still on track for a fall 2015 delivery. That means I will have my very own Glyph on my head in three-four months time. And don't be vague on the timelines :) Surely you are getting close enough to be concrete on dates by now! Hi Avegant. I was lucky enough to squeeze in as an early backer. I see you have DVT and PVT planned. I'm not familiar with DVT - are they supposed to be complete production ready units, assuming everything goes well? Either way, will the D/PVT units be the first ones to ship to backers, or will you keep them for other activities? I have asked in private and received no acknowledgement or reply. Please process a refund, in full, immediately. Thank you. Regards David I do have concerns that by the time we receive our rewards, the market will already be saturated with other options. There are plenty of new headsets on the horizon, and while I realize the tech behind the Glyph is different, it still accomplished the same thing that these other headsets will offer. Hello, I very much would like to get a total refund. This product is taking far too long to materialize and get. New prototypes by the end of August, and even after that there will be more changes according to a forum post, and several test campaigns. Then, if everything goes well they have to ramp up production, assembly and packaging, prepare it for delivery and ship it to some third party to distribute it all over the world. And then the actual shipping times... How could this possibly be completed ("delivery") by this fall (end of November)?? Not by the speed they have done things so far. Why are backers so mad? Originally you backed a toy at best, you are getting a fully developed, robust product in return. The product last year would have lasted for a few months at best. Don't you know how long it takes to get to market from a concept with an immature technology? I think they are going a great job. It's been noted that the video below has suddenly been marked private. Is there any conflict between this FAQ: 'Beta - Can you give an estimate for how long the Beta will last? I don't want to buy this and then have the retail ready version come out six months later that is full of superior features. The Beta will be the only product for the foreseeable future, and we're incentivizing people to get on board by offering it at the price of $499.' and <url>"But if everything goes well, we should still be on schedule for an autumn delivery." So you are considering another delay is still possible? Seriously? Come on! I regret so much backing this.... Concept? @avegant team Hi Thanks for last news ! Do you think that final product will be available for the end of this year ? There are some additional comments and discussion at avegant.com/forums. Still a bit slow with updates but maybe the focus is all on getting the product launched. I think it would be useful to have someone at Avegant focused on keeping this site updated. Communication flow is important. I'm a bit excited about the technology and look forward to hearing updates. Thx for the Video #yang. I really hate it to receive my informations from other users who've found something on the internet instead of getting it first hand. In the video you can see the package design and a roadmap for future products. Why didn't you've you shared these infos with us #avegant? We've invested our money and are fans of your technology so is it too much to keep us updated??????? Even some nice pictures of you guys working in the lab with some aditional infos would satisfy us. PR and Fan management at avagant? Just bad and disappointing. Normaly I'm the first one who is against people who have unrealistic expectations and criticize too much, but now I'm really angry! The lack of updates is quite unnerving, especially considering the significance of individual investments made by myself and all of the other backers. When the project first launched, the continual stream of progress emails gave me a lot of confidence in the Avegant brand, and affirmed my commitment to back this project. They've all but dried up and whilst I'm sure things are going on behind the scenes, the lack of visibility of what, and when things are happening is becoming both frustrating and if I'm honest, a little rude. Can a representative please provide not only an update now, but also continue to keep us updated, just as you did when the project was first funded. We showed you trust and committed to your business and as such, we deserve some simple common courtesy. Thank you. found some info of latest development from CEO of Avegant. <url>"... currently (early June) we are in the process of tooling, evt engineering validation phase... within the next 6 to 8 weeks (roughly end of july) ... we will have 100~150 units built with the tools that used in mass production..." so it seems the appearance design of glyph is set, end of the year delivery is still on track. fingers crossed. Not that I disagree with the gist of what you're saying, headtracking is literally in the original pitch both in the kickstarter and on their website. The recent update was a demonstration that they are achieving their pledge to backers and removing that and the other promised features would be worse than any imagined feature creep. If Avegant provided regular state-of-development updates they could avoid having all these confused people. They have pledged repeatedly to give at least 2 updates per month, plus promised to be more active both here and in forums and I wish they'd actually do that. If they have some sort of post mortem post the fall release that 'we guess we could have communicated more' then I will be as pissed as anyone. My first comment on the delays; should we be worried that the current tech market is moving faster than the release of our 'reward'? I backed the project because it was a real step forward in this product arena, but I fear that by the time we get it we will have other better 'options' already out there.... It also really bothers me how much time has been spent on marketing and showcasing the product. I don't think this is really necessary. Finalising the design and getting it into production should be the first priority, after all, it's the backers that have made it possible for the team to progress this idea. Once it's launched, and assuming it is what has been promised, then word of mouth and modern media will take care of the marketing automatically. 'Pushing' marketing to ensure maximum potential ROI is what they do on X-Factor and Pop-Idol, because they know that interest will drop as soon as the first album gets released and people realise that the 'star' and 'talent' was over-hyped! It's my fear that we may suffer the same with our reward. Stop trying to add more features, it's a reaction to the tech race and the original backers just want what was promised to them. I don't want head tracking or other things that suit a wider range of 'potential' customers. I just want what you pitched to us; a decent unit with good quality sound and display that I can plug into my HD output, simple. Updates and a commitment to final delivery dates would be appropriate and respectful to your original backers! Update please??? There's been zero contact or updates on any of your platforms. @Avegant can we have an update please, it's been a long time since any feedback at all. Thanx. @Sean Thompson I get you. Much like when inventors on "Dragons Den" pitch a product with advance orders... they are much more attractive to invest/support. I'm just hopeful we see the glyph before 2015 is out! Clearly the initial delivery estimates were wildly optimistic, which isn't uncommon amongst kickstarter projects. @Richard Hurren I hear what you're saying Richard and I agree. Perhaps my point was lost in it's brevity. Let me give an example... We recently went through the process of securing development funding and our first stop was our bank. Now, our bank could see we had a product and that it was only requiring a final push to launch... However, they could not approve us any substantial amount of money in our current position... If we could have shown along with everything we had, funds in escrow for prepurchases and/or any other kind of captial in escrow, the bank would have given us as much money as was held without any further questions at a fantastic rate due to it's short term nature. We were fortunate enough to secure a very forward thinking VC but that's a whole other story. As you can see in this example Kickstarter would be no less important than it is now from both an exposure, fund raising and testing the market point of view (IE: I think alot of projects start out trying KS just to see if they have a market and if they meet their funding goal then fantastic!) Hopefully that makes my point a little clearer without the essay I just backspaced being needed ;) Don't take my last post the wrong way. I still think the tech is innovative. I want more than that. How about a 110 degree FOV or a higher resolution. How about wireless connectivity to an HD source. Best to press towards a workable device than chase after features not in the original design lest another offers where glyph falls short. It is only a matter of time. I still think my last assessment of Avegant's intentions were accurate and based on logic. Think about it. If they had advertised a two plus year wait to completion of shipping of rewards, who would pledge the money? I suspect many would not have. Plus, consider the original funding goal which was roughly 10% of the final funding. Had they only received that initial funding would the product have delivered near the original ship date. 1. Whatever million was to much to handle. If the product could be realized with the original goal, there ought to be a lump sum of capital sitting some where. I suspect it was balled away to bring mass market tech bling. In the end...if additional investment was required yet products go undelivered it must mean it was never possible. Regardless of what is or isn't delivered I still predict a loss to Avegant as the tech will likely be replicated for a cheaper price. I could be wrong though I doubt it. It still looks bulky/heavy and fragile. Please ensure that it is comfortable to wear, and that the head tracking junk that is added does not stop it being used to watch non head tracking media. From using oculus rift, I can say the Head tracking is horrible. Cables to bulky etc. Can you ensure people can still use this if they lie down in bed to watch a movie, that the screen will still be focused where it should be. In a project management, we mainly focus on Performance, cost and schedule. For this project, the performance is good (keep adding technology), cost is set but it failed the schedule Big time. So long any of these 3 attributes is being compromised, the project management skill is flopped. No point keep adding and chasing after technologies, you have to understand the consumers' needs, and the promise you have sought from the supporters. As mentioned earlier, I have the impression that the developer's focus is to roll out and expose to many showcasing opportunities as possible .. delivering is secondary (sorry, at least this is how I feel). @Sean Thompson I'm as frustrated as everyone else waiting for the glyph. I was one of the very first backers! However the kickstarter policy you are suggesting would pretty much negate the need for kickstarter. Why would a company offer a device at a price lower than retail if they don't get your money till the product is ready to ship? If they could secure decent funding at an attractive % rate or without giving away a big share of their company then they probably wouldn't bother with kickstarter at all. I think we would all appreciate more regular updates and signs of progress though. I'm still confident of receiving my device and being happy with it. It does seem a shame that all the delays have taken away the buzz we all had for the product though. This is all sounding too much like PrioVR.... I guess the update where Avegant tell us all how our 1.5 million was just a small percentage of the money they've put in so we shouldn't feel bad about the fact they're broke and can't deliver on their KS obligations is just around the corner. Meanwhile they'll continue to travel, attend shows, and have a goodtime on us. KS needs to change it's policy to one where they guarantee payment of funds only after delivery of rewards. If a company is serious about delivering on its promises within or close to the dates they claim, then they should have no trouble securing a gap loan or temporary VC on the basis they can pay it out in full once they deliver and hence receive KS funds. Then if they don't, the loan repayments are their problem and KS can return funds to backers after making a nice amount of interest for their trouble. This would all but stop most of this BS. Al and Bryan, I absolutely agree! I am also an original backer and never received an update. My wife had to remind me of the original shipping date and, after I searched and found a link, did I discover that there had been a delay. If we are not considered "shoppers," but rather more like share holders, then parts of the Avegant team would be fired. I read in their posts about traveling all around the U.S. and places abroad, must be nice, to "develop" parts of the project. So, at least I know where my money went. I also read that prototypes have been developed - which is what I thought I invested in. Why aren't we getting what we agreed to pay for?!? By the way, my agreement stated, "The real deal! One Avegant Glyph Beta device in black, white or blue." So, some of you might not have paid for a "Beta" device, but I know I did .... Whens the last time they have even posted a comment? I am pretty unhappy with things and i would too take an alpha but it seems they dont really care, i would love my 500 back, this is bs So far I've been supportive of the entire delayed process, even if as one of the first backers and a real enthusiast of new tech, I would have chosen to get an Alpha version over the final product, just for the sake of it being new and innovative. I can appreciate that most people here don't realize KS is not a shop, and getting an unfinished piece of hardware wouldn't please most "backers", because they do not think like "investors", but as "shoppers". That being said, I've to admit that my concerns are starting to grow. As an R&D professional with more then 20 years of experience on hardware and new tech development, I don't think that a "project/product development" that goes throwout the Summer can be incorporated in a piece of hardware that will be mass-produced, tested, packed and shipped to be delivered during Fall. It just doesn't fit. Tweaking the product to fit mass production? Yes. Development of product features and characteristics? No. This last update had an unsettling effect in my logistically trained and aimed perspective. I'm now officially in the "very worried" bunch. If the timetable is to be respected, I fear we will have a rushed out product with little to none Quality-Control and the name Avegant will get scorched. Or the deadline will be moved even further away, adding doubt to their capability to deliver what was promised. I hope Team Avegant can fulfill their promises. I would hate to see this sweet piece of new tech going down because the Engineering team is not up to the task set by the Marketing folks... Me too. It was a lot of money (to me) and I rather wait for the best. And to Mynegawn: what would I have done if I had known in advance it would take so long? This is a question I always ask myself, after finishing some tedious, tiring but worthwhile task and the answer is always the same: "Good thing I didn't know..." :) In my opinion final version of Glyph will not be ready for the end of this year. Tests will require probably some iterations on product, this project is complex and I prefer also wait a little bit more to get something very useful. No matter how great the Glyph may be in the future, I seriously thought I was getting a Glyph under my Tree. Now there is no LED ring on the headset which was actually a part of some of the reward packages. :( I think Avegant knew it would take this long to bring a product to market. There is no way in H3LL I would have dropped the $500 if I knew the timeframe was 2 years plus. Bait and switch. Just like Zombie 15 where only the core game was delivered with the stretch goals pushed out a year plus. This is getting ridicules. Nothing to do here but wait and complain a little. I agree with everything Anderson says, just deliver what was promised. I, for one, am VERY grateful they are taking the time to get it right. I was fortunate enough to attend their closed door event at SXSW, and I can attest that the product works as advertised (the Drone demonstration with the RC car was especially compelling, and I have no interest in drones, or using the product in that matter. Or at least I didn't until trying the glyph). However, the glyph had design issuies. The optics had not been optimized for a wide variety of heads (the diopter adjustment was out to the stops, and was not quite wide enough for me) and the headband itself creaked and felt like it might snap when putting it on. Fortunately, Avegant is WELL aware of these issuies, and assured me during the demo (the founders are classy guys, and was VERY open on the development and thinking behind the type of product they are trying to deliver) that user acceptance testing was down the road to resolve this prior to the final build (F.Y.I, according to what I was told at SXSW, this testing is occurring RIGHT on schedule). I don't know about anyone else, but I would have been HIGHLY upset if I received a product that I had to look at slightly crossed eyed, with a headband that would eventually crack. They promised us a FINAL product, not a beta. While the Occulus people have been content to sell various beta products suitable for developers and programmers, it's NOT a final product, there is a dearth of media for it, and frankly, can anyone provide a time line when a final product WILL be available for sale? Same goes for the Hololens, and virtually ANY other product in this space. It's a NEW product, and new products without budgets along the lines of companies like apple, take a LONG time (Consider the original IPhone was in development for nearly 5 years). I understand the frustration of, MY GOODNESS, having to wait, but I would rather wait and receive what I paid for, instead of receive some shadow of that product and be highly disappointed. I hope Avegant remains on course, ignore the pressure to delivery ANYTHING, and instead deliver, when ready, what was PROMISED! Thanks for the update! It's now been a long two years, technology moves on, I'm getting a little disappointed. I'm happy to read an other update ! I hope that your testers will write a little review for us !? Definitely need some clarification around timelines. Patience is a virtue but there is some significant communication breakdown happening. You guys got some money from us in exchange for various rewards. You then secured venture funding and moved into a real commercial space. All this is good. However, your communication with the people who helped you get there is starting to lose sight of why we sponsored you in the first place. Timelines slipping is fine as long as there is a cogent explanation. Additional elements to the development path are fine as long as there is defined reasoning. Providing fluffy, vague or off-topic responses to questions (forums) is getting old and diversionary updates about what you are doing, while interesting, are not enlightening as far as to when you may satisfy our reasons for funding you in the first place. Please provide some real range of when you think we might start to see what we gave you money for. Something along the lines of "between (XX date) and (YY date) for shipping (considering that there are no guarantees on kickstarter) is an ask that is, I think both reasonable and appropriate. @creator, take your time to do it right. I rather have a great quality product than a shoddy one put together from backer pressure. I think all views and ideas are good but you alone can decide what's fluff and what's practical. I believe in your vision and I know that you will make it a commerical success. Thank you for the journey, I am glad to have played a very small part in it. Can we please get an ETA on shipping? I'm a bit confused, the project itself stretched twice, to very unsatisfied date for some. Why not sell the Beta units to make some happy while waiting for the final product. Oculus Rift is doing it, keeping their budget intact for the final product, I’m buying their Beta units as they come out. And why only big celebrities have a shot at having the beta, I’m willing to pay for one, you made it why not sell it when you done with it. It is frustrating, and very risky if there is a product with similar effect, I’m pretty sure that many backers would buy other brand if it was available today, and I’m positively sure there is something cooking up there. So rethink your strategy Glyph, or you maybe stuck in the second place even when you came up with the technology. I am flexible about waiting but a bit concerned with failing to properly plan and poor communications. As well as a failure to reply to pesonal messages. These are all signs of future business challenges. I am now concerned. It was a nice ride with you guys, but I was not promised of the product that was originally due and doing this time a lot of things have happen and I just need my refund back! I just need my refund back! Thanks Glyph do seem to pale a little compared to Microsoft HoloLens. Thankfully they don't have too many overlapping usage scenarios. Glyph seems to end up as a niche product though. Can't believe people are making such harsh judgement before they have even received the product. If its taking more time then you can just expect a higher quality result. After you get the product, or if it is even cancelled, then you can complain all you want. Until then its just being rude and entitled. Keep up the great work guys! Why don't you log on the the Glyph forum and make comments there. Emma is quite responsive to comments. <url>"a lack of communication from the Team", and just wanted to respond about my personal experience. Compared to ALL the other KS Projects that I've back (many quite successful), I think this one has given me the most Feedback regarding Progress and their view on how things are comming along. I also wanted to thank them for the courtesy of offering Drinks and Snacks at SXSW. Sure, maybe not a lot of KS backers were there to take Advantage of it, but that was a classy act that gets high marks in my books. I've backed a few Projects that never succeeded, and it is nice to see a Company that is at least making an attempt at treating the backers as more than just a Dollar sign. Thank you Glyph, I really hope you guys make it big, and continue to make dealing with you enjoyable. An other "clone" ? <url>#description Hello Who went to Texas event ? Something to say to Backers ? Hello Glyph Thank you for the good product! As you continue growing you might need the more developers. We can help you with any marketing and sales. Please, check the site <url>"terabytes of data" being rendered in 3D at high resolution & refresh rate. The current demo is not wireless and extremely bulky/uncomfortable ("it feels like someone is tightening your head into a vice"). Imagine how heavy the Glyph would be if you had to stuff in three processing units, associated circuitry and cooling fans in addition to all the other stuff (battery, optics, headphones). "that makes HoloLens not a VR headset" Are MS claiming it is a VR headset? I thought it was more AR than VR...and the "Holo" part of HoloLens should be a bit of a giveaway how real/firm things are meant to look in the headset I'd have thought... I don't expect much positivity from an Engadget article on anything MS though... I'm actually pretty skeptical about the HoloLens. From the Engadget article: <url>"In practice, the resolution is sharp but the field of view is extremely limited. There's a rectangular area in the center of your vision that acts as your "window" into the reality HoloLens presents. It's this limitation that makes HoloLens not a VR headset, and also keeps it from being the Back to the Future 2 glasses we're all waiting for (I'm waiting for that, anyway). This limitation keeps you from using your full, enormous field of view as a human being, and from interacting with the entirety of reality around you. And isn't that the point of this thing?" "The bigger issue for me was that the image was relatively transparent, which often made things look less than real." <url>"over the eyes" look. The silver side panel is very gaudy. Can it get color matched to the frame for backers and make it custom for the backers that pledged for it? You can keep it silver for all the pre-orders and retail. That should be simple enough, otherwise there will be no distinction from backers and everyone else. I'm okay with waiting another year or whatever the hell. I only backed for the custom color and led lighting so soon. Which they just told us is a pipe drram; hence where lies the BULLSHIT @Jon Sternoff +1 @AC just a reminder...you paid for a beta version of the Glyph that you would get way before folks who would end up buying the final improved version. That's what you actually "paid for". The delay is because the Glyph team decided to change those plans and upgrade us all to the final versions. Personally I'm ok waiting if it means I get a much better device for my money, even if it means I don't get any special advantages...I was never happy with the idea of a beta version. They should give the option to those complaining to get exactly what they paid for...those early beta versions. really... im as patient as any other backer ever but if that 500 limited slot set of us gets nothing different??? you guys are essentially crooks as id have waited till someone who gets these for free could write a review and i get the same god damned thing off the shelf ****.... beer??? <url>#t=34 i haven't even read down further than posting this comment but i can only assume everyone else is summing this up as bullshit.... we paid for a pre order "were doing you the favor" pre-production unit... then you share "hey sorry its all gonna be the same but you'll get yours first, we promise" now you drop on us " yeah remember those limited edition selections you all picked up as quickly as you could? well they're not gonna matter" THE ONLY REASON I PLEDGED TO THIS PROJECT WAS BECAUSE I WAS IN THE FIRST 500 AND GOT TO MAKE MINE DIFFERENT THAN ANYONE ELSE'S!!!! this website is for early adopters and people who get off on the idea of having devices different than anybody else can get after the fact... you have ruined that aspect of kickstarter for us not once, but twice.... ill just get an 80 inch tv and sit ~8 feet from it for around $499 by the time i see this thing.... customized and off the shelf generic by the way Generally, I'm disappointed. To quote the kickstarter's own page, "Backers of this project are early testers and adopters. We hope to work with you over and after the campaign to learn about your experiences, refine the product and help bring this to the mainstream store shelves." As a software developer in the games and video industry, I wanted to support this new device and have some time with it before the general market does. That's why I backed it. That's why I paid what I considered a premium for the device. I did not mind it being beta -- that was just part of the plan. If the device needed to be tweaked later, that was fine with me. I was to get early access. Now their current schedule is a release in Fall 2015. All I know at this point is I'll get a shipment before the regular market does. That could be 1 week ahead of schedule for all I know. I'm not sure where "4 to 5 months" is coming from as that seems very unlikely. It is also a pity that Avegant is making all the decisions without any input from its backers. I believe that is the spirit of crowd sourcing and what motivates many people to participate in a kick starter. We could have been a very powerful beta testing group -- and basically paid to do it! But things never quite go based on planned and at this point, I'm hoping Avegant will offer us a few olive branches our way or at least a respectable early release. But like a bad poker hand dealt to me, I'm not going to fold and forfeit my ante, but I'm not about to raise my bid either. Yeah, why do all good things not come quick and easy? Well, I have different opinion in term of schedule. When u enter a contract with a company, you mean the delivery schedule is not important ? Then what is a delivery schedule for ? Is not that I'm against delaying for a good product, but the creator should provide a realistic schedule and not mislead the backers during the campaign. Is very convenience for one to delay by giving a reason of "making the product better" (we have heard many times in kickstarters' project). Some people supported this project due to the delivery time as stated (e.g. in time for christmas). However, the delay of this project is way too long. In the last 2 updates, it seemed that CES is more important then spending more effort in completing this project (CES needs lots of prep). Well, that's my personal opinion, and I'm not a hater of this project. @Emma_from_Avegant Please, Can you help us out with the ear hole size..... [URL=<url>"beta" version of the Glyph...that's what we paid for. The Avegant folks have decided to upgrade us to the consumer version. So the fact that we may be getting them at the same time as consumers doesn't phase me. Our contributions were meant to help bring this item to market. Personally, I'm fairly happy I'm not getting a "beta" version (that was my original concern, the amount we are paying to get something that is "beta"). Never mind about the name calling. Players gonna play, And the haters gonna hate, Heart-breakers gonna break, And the fakers gonna fake, I'm just gonna shake it off. I love all these comments about KS said this and Avegant said that and I want a refund and it hasn't arrived yet...... But I think - and I truly mean this - Avegant should be telling us the state of play, what has or hasn't changed, if there will be 6 colours, engraving, carry cases, LED's, matching cables, etc, etc, etc. It seems that us - the enthusiasts - the faithful - the backers, deserve a little bit more respect and inclusion in the form of communications from the horses mouth rather than trawling through the internet and being left to guess about the hearsay, etc..... I think I speak for us all when I say I don't have $9.5m to give away. I only had $500. Where is the lve, Avegant??? @Jack Wolfe: Correction I meant "when" not "with".. @Jack Wolfe: I think Rush68 is a lil upset with you referred to name calling, using the term "haters".. not very nice Hi team Avegant, Well I follow your updates with great interest. It's a really good thing that Glyph has been shown at CES 2015, I'm really impatient to test it ! It would be nice to make an update specific to your backers that wait the product. For example on your website Glyph color choice is now only white or black ? In your FAQ I can read : Q: Are the three extra colors for everyone or just for the Special Edition backers? A: The three extra body colors are for everybody. So what can we expect ? In my old private messages I asked if glasses can be used with Glyph, is it always ok ? In an old update you promised to pay duties for international backers, is it always ok ? Thanks Hi Rush68, Several things you have just said are inaccurate or flat out untrue: - As stated on their website, we are set to receive the Glyph first, PRIOR to both pre-order customers and retail stores: <url>"Q: Will there be any kind of warranty if something is defective or breaks? A: Our early backers are incredibly important to us and we don't want to provide a poor experience. We have not decided on an official warranty policy yet, but we will be very supportive and you can expect us to service or replace any faulty hardware." Not an ironclad guarantee for sure, but reassuring enough to me as a backer. @Jack Wolfe The problem is we will receive a kickstarted product alongside a consumer release. The consumer release will be at a lower price than what you paid. It will most likely come with a warranty (which by default if ours isn't consumer level, will have no guarantees or warranty). It comes with consumer protection from defects based in ability to exchange the item at a retailer (there is no guarantee we will receive such a guarantee as it's up to the discretion of the company). Kickstarter isn't for pre-ordering goods, it for helping ensure complex ideas and upstarts get funding to meet their goals. (I've funded project that have no physical reward or otherwise as they are things such a opening a design space). Regards of how they do that (marketing to get more money, using Kickstarter funding to make it, etc) is the companies choice. HOWEVER. The company also can choose if they are to provide good consumer satisfaction or not. Providing the Kickstarter backers with a product that, at the day we get it can be purchased for less on the market is not consumer satisfaction. There was no reason to pay more to get the product early if in fact it will come along side a consumer release. This is awful consumer relations and ultimately if written about will leave people avoiding this company. They need to either open communication more or provide something to alleviate the backers grievances I'm a backer and agree with Jack Wolfe and his comments. Why are people asking for a refund? This is Kickstarter your backing a product idea not a solid product so of course it's going to change (in this case for the better) and people asking for a refund because this is taking too long WTH lol once again this is Kickstarter not Amazon. @ Jack Wolfe I agree with everything you said in your last comment. For those who are looking for a refund. I know many people who would like to take over your KS backings at a discounted rate: $400. let me know if you're still that desperate to get some money back. Yes, insulting the backers, that will shut them up, good job there chief. The new design looks awesome, can't wait to finally get my Glyph! For all the haters on here demanding a refund: - You are still getting the Glyph before pre-order customers and retail stores, with custom colors, LED colors, HDMI colors laser engraving and some kind of case. Pre-order customers only get White or Black, with none of the other aforementioned options. - Every crowd funding campaign I have ever supported has had delays. Avegant is literally creating a new product category (virtual retina head-mounted displays), and as such it's taken a bit longer to get the R&D, design, engineering and manufacturing worked out. - Answer me this: would you rather get a half-baked product that was uncomfortable to use, required a mess of cables, no battery pack and diotropic adjustment that wears down over time (I actually tried out the Glyph at its Boston event), or wait longer for a polished, sleek design that looks, sounds and feels great? - I don't think you really understand what Kickstarter is. You are not pre-ordering anything; you are backing a company that hopes to eventually deliver a final product. As long as Avegant makes a good faith attempt to actually make the product (which they clearly are if they have a final design prototype and updated delivery schedule), you are not entitled to a refund. after this much delay, I'm no longer interested in the product. Refund please! Thanks! I reported the project to the kickstarter, selecting options: it is breaking the rules of kickstarter, and selecting "it is not a project". A project collects money to invest in technology (not marketing) and sends beta product if promised. With the current status, it is not a project but a MARKETING CAMPAING, and if I wanted a consumer product, I will buy from Amazon, kickstarter is not a shop with presales. Hello all, I didn't read all comments, but I think we are missing one point. This project promised a "beta product" to be delivered, timing is important but as the nature of kickstarter, it is not the priority. But, I guess, the summary of the project is the contract between the backer and company. If I tell you I will deliver a prototype in 6 months, and then after backed, I say in update "good news we will not send any prototype but you should wait 1 year, because we found some more money to go full product": that means I break the contract. There should be violation of terms in kickstarter for this. I don't want consumer product, if I want, I will check on Amazon, what they have for consumers. This is cheating. I agree to send this sentence: I respectfully and with careful due consideration request a refund for unilateral non-delivery of the beta product I backed. At this point by the time this is released the product will be out dated, I can't imagine why I paid nearly 600$ for such a ridiculous delta. I've backed up lot of kickstarter projects. All of them have delays. None of them have been this bad at consumer satisfaction. This is honestly the only one I've ever been disappointed with. A partial refund (to match the price consumers who buy it retail will be getting) or at least something to make the backers happy would be th only way I can see helping ease these issues. I'm honestly surprised no one is blogging about this yet. @Booker I agree that a partial refund would be nice, as well as some clarification on what's happening with the extras some of us paid for. Consumer design revealed at CES <url>"bargaining"... I am looking to totally by-pass stage 4! @booker <url>"That's not the point of Kickstarter." The point of kickstarter is to help start companies. Not act as a retail store. Start up's have delays. It's part of the game. Same with manufacturing. It takes a while to get the kinks out of things and deal with anything unexpected that comes up. @Will Holt - we maybe looking at another 24 months An extra year? Not what I signed up for. I am not even interested in it at all now as I don't want a product that I could have just bought at retail a month later. That's not the point of Kickstarter. If I thought this was going to happen, I would just have waited for the reviews on a $500 product if I knew I had to wait 2 years down the line. And a year postponement is ridiculous based on what you said in the original Kickstarter. Entirely inconsistent. And frankly do you think any of us believe you will hit that deadline or care to? You've exploited the goodwill of your most passionate supporters. How will that work out for Avegant in the long run? With the funding you have now (on the backs of us), you should be honoring all refunds, just to salvage that goodwill. I know at this point I could use that 500 to buy something I want now. Never thought it would be a 2year investment. A YEAR!!! That s one hell of a delay all of a sudden..... AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! @avegant. Why isn't the glyph being revealed to your faithful backers first before the rest of the world is shown at ces? Seems like we should get to see it first. @Nick Smolenski @Jack Wolfe Nice. Thanks for the good explanations. So my new wishlist: Higher or adjustable fov and more transparency/news of the development and design process:) Don't forget that they are using a DLP micromirror array for this device, a technology that traditionally is known for it's VERY small pixel gap (and the TRP chip in Glyph is smaller than ever). 1280x720 doesn't seem like much when we're thinking in LCD terms, but that's pretty damn high for a micromirror. Once the fill factor crosses a certain point, the native pixel resolution of the display becomes almost meaningless. Run a 1920x1080 desktop on a 1280x720 DLP projector for instance, and you'd find that it's still perfectly crisp and sharp as if it was native 1920x1080, despite being over a million more pixels than the chip physically has. They are only printing the native pixel resolution because they received flak for claiming it was a "pixel-less display" (which it IS, in actual use). I'm not saying a higher resolution wouldn't have tangible benefits (necessary for high FOV) and that you wouldn't be able to make out differences if you really sat and looked for them, but it would be much like comparing a 1080p phone to a 1440p phone, a difference so incredibly small that 95% of people wouldn't notice/care. There are so many other qualities that make a good display such as color saturation, brightness, motion resolution, latency, etc. and the Glyph leapfrogs any LCD in all of these areas. I am in agreement with Jack Wolfe. Backers understand if they add more to the current scope with the way things are going we may not see a product until 2017.. aka scope creep... and this could further impact their funding from the second round of investors. I wish they were transparent about the funding issues, timelines and offered the option to stepway before taking action.. Based on the insight provided by the Backers who support Avegant's change in direction after the campaign end, we are investors in a startup, minus the contractual and long term benefits like Avegant's non-KS investors will receive.. this seems to fall under the action of advertising goods that are an apparent bargain, with the intention (because they did not ask us to approved the change) of substituting more expensive goods. (more expensive: holding KS funding for a longer period of undefined time than originally disclosed and agreed. time is money) What everyone who is clamoring for higher resolutions should understand is this: the technology to do so may simply not exist at this point. As previously stated, they are currently using a Texas Instruments micro-mirror array that is actually double the vertical resolution of a regular 720p screen (720 x 2560) in order to display a 3D HD image. It would obviously be to their benefit to use a higher resolution if it was available, which they can afford to do with their recent cash infusion, so why wouldn't they? My guess is that if they don't reveal a design prototype at CES with a higher resolution, there simply isn't a good enough array available from TI to suit their purposes. I'm expecting an enhanced version of what I demo'd at the Boston event (improved fit/eye adjustment/audio/image quality/design), which is what they have promised up to this point. Well considering that now their talking about a whole year from now i hope they consider our patience and include any technological advances they can. so this thing isn't obsolete before we even get it. @Hakan ATAC definitely have to agree on this one. I even asked them to update to 1080p when the kickstarter campaign was running. The technology isn't that good to compensate missing image quality. It even gets worse when we use bad 720p videos. A 1080p could at least upscale the images... So my wishes for a Christmas without the glyph: 1080p and a higher filed of view for a product that will arrive 1,5 years behind its release date! Ok, let's wait one more year.. But I think instead of 720p they could ( should ) deliver 1080p next year... Because 720p next year will be definitely dated IMHO. "Isn't there a governing body at kickstarter we can take this to?" From another kickstarter project I backed, I know the answer is no. They also do not have to give refunds if they are going to deliver. Which these guys appear to be able to do ( at the moment ). Again unlike the other campaign I backed. For those complaining, you really shouldn't back kickstarter stuff. Like they say when you back it, this isn't a store and shouldn't be treated or expected to be such. This is more like being a venture capitalist with the payoff being the reward - eventually. Isn't there a governing body at kickstarter we can take this to? There has to be some accountability. If like my money back as well. @David Gobel - Well said David, I too am done with funding hardware tech companies on KS... Glyph is the straw that broke the camels back for me. Delivering a product nearly two years after taking peoples money on such a high price point item has got to be some kind of KS record??? And that's IF they even manage to deliver by then.... While some believe they will deliver, I am not so confident anymore. I did not back a consumer product, I could just buy that from my local tech store when they are released... I backed a beta product to be delivered far earlier than any consumer item. Further.... I would never have backed the project if it had said a NOV/DEC 2015 deadline, and for that reason I feel misled in the pursuit of my hard earned cash. I respectfully and with careful due consideration request a refund for unilateral non-delivery of the beta product I backed. As expected we'll end up in next fall before these are shipped. With a few setbacks and delays after prototype testing next summer, it can easily get pushed into next years holiday season instead. But I do believe we'll get them before Christmas next year. And I'm sure Trevor will get his chance :-) Well, good with an update at least. I do feel the team got a little too confident from the Kickstarter success and allow themselves more time than they should to build a more perfected version than they need. I don't mind that much getting version 2.0 instead of 1.0, but I think I still would want v1.0 now than v2.0 next year. Technology flies by so fast... What's to say how I could have better spent these money 12 months from now. "As well, we expect an update on the manufacturing and delivery milestones within the next few weeks." Nov. 8, 2014 Haven't seen that update yet.... Team Avegant, when you're this far passed the funding, people expect more frequent updates and transparent communication. There have been a few notorious KS that have been super delayed and for the most part, they critically failed in communications. Not everyone will be happy, but the majority of your backers could (and would) understand the additional delays if you were more forthcoming about exactly why AND kept your word and do what you say you will do (see above quote). If anyone is interested in selling there Glyph you could send an email to <email> Well I must admit I am very impressed at Avegant ability to totally forget about the deadlines we were promised the initial being April 2014 which I figured was a line in the sand (I'll give some slack) and a BIG written promise of December 2014 in-time for Xmas. Now we are told to hold our collective breath and await the unveiling at CES in Las Vegas, cool. So what are we to expect during the January 6-9, 2015 dates? the decisive here we go chaps the final design that is heading to the presses to be stamped out and delivered, I think not. Maybe I am becoming a little more than jaded with the Avegant team, after all they have made very great progress investing a lot of time getting funding, as GK mentioned below to someone else "You gave $500, Intel gave $9.5M".. So am I expect a firm design and delivery date announced at CES - Nope! I personally feel the Avegant team have forgot about us, the backers that handed over 1.5M to kickstart them, and we will be thrown a few crumbs and maybe get our units 5-10 days max before they hit Amazon. As expressed by others in this long thread, I am done with funding Tech Companies on Kickerstarter and I'll keep my money in the bank and wait for the real products to hit the stores in the future. I look forward to final product in the summer of 201?? or the 2nd coming - whichever comes first! @Zark thanks for reply. Yes I can see or feel that too project successful since end of Feb and now end of Nov (9 months) still have nothing to show us much more than yes they make raise other xM$. I guess our 1.5M is not enough for they to pay every worker or hiring more people to keep project done as promise. sad :( still no plan when have mass production that mean when we know when they start mass production will be 1 or 2 month from that and ship other month looking the end of Q1 2015 or Q2 also. just my though. You guys really need to cut them some slack. They decided to put in the extra few months work to push us out a fully developed and reliable consumer ready Glyph, instead of shipping us a stepping stone beta model that would've been prone to both ergonomic and technical issues. Would you really rather have had them ship you a half baked beta, only to ship a much more refined consumer version just a few months later? They absolutely made the right decision with this delay, and they've kept up transparent communication. We've gotten at least one update every month since the Kickstarter ended, I can't understand how some of you really see this as them jerking us around. @Seyha: From their latest update, you should not expect the Glyph before summer. Non-working design prototype at CES, then some announcement later in Q1, probably March. From an announcement to full scale production and shipping expect three months at least. With some glitches in going full scale, it could easily get pushed into the fall season. Avegant are late, and not really a company that deserves to be on Kickstarter. They only care about our money and the publicity. They do not care about crowdfunding our us, and can't be bothered to keep give back to us by sharing updates and progress regularly, respecting our one million by sharing their timeline details etc. It's a shame, really. They could do easily have done better. I guess we are not get our Glyph by this year. Maybe few month after CES when they show final design @Booker I'd rather not say in a public forum. But it shouldn't be hard to figure out from my profile on here. Sad thing is a lot of their problems ( and frustration for everyone ) could have been avoided with better communications. @David Jones - which project was that? I would like to avoid investing with them FYI, the also post update to -> <url>#, we will also get additional color options (red, orange, blue & green) that are not currently available on the pre-order form (white & black), as well as some kind of protective case. @ Jonathan - I like your assessment. If what you have proposed is where they are going, I wish they would have been as clear about their end game on the Kickstarter site. In addition, it would have been nice for them to provide us an option to purchase equity in the business vs. only a product w/ a delivery date. :-) I am a backer of Avegant and the Glyph just like everyone else here, and I have read much of what has been posted in the Comments section and the Updates trying to determine what is going on. I think one of the basic misconceptions people may have is that while our money purportedly went to buy a Glyph, what Avegant is actually building here is not a product – it is a company. Based on what they are saying, the Glyph will obviously be only the first of many other ventures over time because they want to branch out and not remain a one-trick-pony. Now it's time to read between the lines... So where does that leave us, the backers? Actually we are not in a bad position, depending on what your expectations were. Here are a few of my personal predictions: Will we receive a Glyph? Yes, of course. If we didn't then there would be an incredible wave of bad publicity for Avegant, and for any start-up bad publicity is Really, Really Bad. I don't think there is any doubt that they will deliver because the backlash could be crippling. Exactly what will we receive? Good question. From the beginning, Avegant has been dropping code phrases such as “our backers deserve the best product we can provide”, etc. which to them most likely means the consumer version of the Glyph and not the Beta Version. All in the name of quality.... When? Most likely we will receive our Glyphs just before they become generally available to the public. This is understandable since I am predicting we will be getting the consumer version. Will what we receive be different or special? Again, my personal feeling is that other than a Kickstarter label on the box or something simple like that we won't be getting anything any more remarkable that what the general public will be offered. I could be wrong (it won't be the first time), but I don't feel I'm that far off the mark. Are we getting screwed? No, I don't believe that we are. I am quite confident that what we will be getting is a premium product at what should be the initial retail price. Consider your pledge to be like a lay-away if you prefer. The only way we could end up on the short end of the stick is if the initial MSRP is substantially lower than what most of us pledged. But considering the history of technology prices, you already know that the price will go down over time. As with all early adopters, however, we will have paid more to have the Glyph first than if we just waited a year to get it at around half price during the Black Friday sale after next. So what is Avegant actually doing? As I said before, they want to build a company and not just a single product. To do that they eventually (and obviously) need to raise much more capital than what they could possibly get from Kickstarter, but the money they did get allowed them to have a good start. I actually believe that if they can do the Glyph successfully you will possibly see them reach their (unstated) penultimate goal – being bought out. So that's my personal predictions – call me a fool if you want to (it's been done before). On the bright side I am sure that I will enjoy my Glyph very much whenever I get it, and I hope that everyone else does as well. @Jack Wolfe - for me , I am ok with a little bit longer, if you are aware of a Avegant timeline that defines what "a little longer" is please kindly share it with us. By definition, an open ended delivery date means this is not a project but research initiative. Solution to the feedback: An clearly defined adjusted timeline reflecting when the units will be delivered or an option for backers to get their funds back.. Calm down, guys. We are still getting updates pretty regularly. Twenty-six updates on Kickstarter including progress updates and regular responses on the forum! I can't see the new office space and additional funding as anything but good news for the Glyph and Avegant as a company. Wouldn't you rather wait a bit longer for a better end product? They've at least been consistent in not promising a hard shipping date since the initial delay with the understanding that engineering, prototyping and manufacturing take a lot of time. How many of those other failed projects had not only functional prototypes but TOOK THEM ON A NATIONAL TOUR while in alpha testing? @GK - your Kickstarter feedback is interesting and well put.. I am experiencing " The Avegant Effect" with other Kickstarter projects. @Go Alexander Paul, @Mark, You gave $500, Intel gave $9.5M. You can forget about replies from Avegant. You can forget about timelines, deliverables, etc. Kickstarter is becoming a playground for entrepreneurs to prove that they can get peoples expectations high, find other means of funding for the real project, and leave the "backers" (read suckers) in the dirt. Disappointing. The "old guard" knew that meeting a promised date gave credibility to both management and product. New guard seems to think a date is just a date on a calendar. There is powerful competition in this area. (seriously? - I have to name THEM!) and early to market makes a huge impact. Basically I'm disappointed and am sad such a promising idea is going to be ended before it even began............ Where are we with the timeline? There hasn't been any update with regards to the final production date since August. We're happy that the company and the team are doing well and are getting more funding. Surely you haven't forgotten us backers? Even a draft timeline is fine rather than waiting indefinitely not knowing when we might be able to expect anything. A bit of transparency goes a long way. Avegant receives funding from Intel <url>’ expectations is very important. It is a great thing that they are communicating because there are programs that just go silent. What would help here is to have them take the constructive feedback and adjust the updates accordingly. Start each update with the current timeline and estimated delivery dates. To me any other information is deemed as secondary, nice to know and/or data noise when comes to our (myself & Avegant) agreed return, the unit. Dameon, I don't really see the problem? It's not like we invest in a company for a return. We back a company for making them start the company, and in return we get a unit. Is it more important for you to have a unit "in time" perhaps Kickstarter is not the place, better to got to a store once they are ready? For me, half the joy is to follow the progress of the company, and if I then end up with getting my unit much later, so be it. Well then that makes since! The move to Redwood City, California and new leadership... My elders always said keep your word on your initial promises and duties before making new ones.. I guess they opted on making new ones.. <url>"Glyph Beta" we opted for. Can I say no thank you, please ship a beta to me in December? +2 months from "no joy in december" without a new date is disappointing. at the minimum, a timeline on when to expect a new timeline would be nice. @ Joerg Tewes CEO - As a project manager, the one thing is that very import for any project is effective communication and management of expectations.. I would like to see a proposed timeline. More important than the delivery date, final design mockup/prototype design images... would love to see those. Just a little something, to wet our appetites :) It's been a few updates since you guys indicated you were going to miss the original ship date. Have you guys nailed the new delivery date down yet? As stated here: <url>"windows" that you stare at in space, all while your background is a super high res forest, or in the middle of some space nebula, or in a snowy Japanese garden. No need to stare at a fixed screen when you can move your screen anywhere with a flick of your hand. The real power here is the computer conforming to us. Right now we still have silly LCDs that we stare at all day. Have you guys ever considered building a model of the Glyph that is entirely self contained via some embedded android device? Thus I could simply enjoy my Netflix directly over wifi. No need to hook up to a smartphone. Interface may be tricky to figure out, but it would still be cool. I understand this might add some weight to the device but not that much! Paul, I agree; the two devices are very different and targeted primarily at different uses. I'm excited to get a product that can use right out of the box on lots of different media, and not be locked into downloading lots of custom drivers & software! I read comparisons between the Glyph and the the Oculus and I do not understand. Why I chose the Glyph is, because you can use it for every movie you already have and the Oculus can only use dedicated content. I think they are 2 completely different devices or am I missing something? If I understand correctly, the USB on the Glyph is only for power, so why invest money and time in any new type? USB2 would be enough. Will Glyph comes with the new USB 3.0 Type C plug? <url>"customer speak". I think this will be the last kickstarter I will fund. @ all backers This project needs some support and will get us through glyphless time! Furtermore you can't have enough alternatives to keep the market growing:) <url>"Expect us to wrap up our design phase for the final product shortly, then produce tactile models of those prototypes through year’s end. Initial production runs come after that and can often take several months." To ME, the 'prototypes' won't be finished until 2015 ("through years end"), & then initial production can take several months. My personal best guess is by next summer. But the bright side is this: no prototype B. This'll be the real thing. The ONLY hope I have, is that Avegant doesn't throw us under the us like LIFX did, & sell thousands of units to Best Buy BEFORE it's backers. That would (& did) suck. I don't want to spam you guys, but... if you want a cool product for Christmas take a look over at the FreeWavz kickstarter, it is the audio version of augmented reality. It only has 5 days left and still needs about 300 backers to make it go- but it is the coolest thing for sound/phone when you are in a place you can't use the Glyph. Hey I'm just glad to hear they are going to be late this early. It shows they know how to run a project schedule, which is unusual here on Kickstarter. Just keep us informed. Thanks for the update. Lots of good info, but worrying that you can't be at all specific about the delay. A month late, 3 months, a year? You say that you can't give an exact date, give a range then. You gave an exact date during the funding period, you are now months further down the line, so a date range must be possible. And yes, a date range is preferable to nothing at all. Nothing at all suggests that you can't plan, or that you've hit snags or that you've run out of money. It could also mean that you don't know, but I can't believe that Personally, I'd rather you communicate a date and later change it if new challenges arise - that's better than knowing nothing at all. As you said, we are early adopters, and I for one would rather get the product I funded around the date you estimated, than wait while you go rounds and rounds of tweaks getting it ready for the market. Apologies for the down beat tone. Take a look over at the wigwag campaign....900 % funded. 8+ months late, no sign of a plan, and they've practically given up communicating to backers. Update next week? We didn't miss it. I believe it was mentioned that we'd get it a couple months prior to shipping. 5 more months! Cant wait! New awesome website updates! Just a qns, when will we get a survey on what colour we chose or did I missed it totally? Cheers!! I like the new website. Its great to see Avegant's confidence in the beta that it will be taking that model to retail as well. Lawrence, it looks like the Lytro camera is able to export 3D images and display them on a 3D capable TV over HDMI, so I see no reason why it shouldn't also work with the Glyph. How well would this work with the Lytro lightfield camera's 3d "living photo" technology? I'll be using it on flights too but I'm more looking forward to sneaking in a TV episode during lunch breaks and relaxing in bed without having to hold my tablet above my face. Cant wait to use it for long-haul flights to watch a couple episodes of whatever is going to be my favourite TV show on my iphone by then. Please make a compact but sturdy carry case, that fits into an office bag and can hold the required HDMI to iphone 30pin cable also! Thanks, A. Thanks for the update, looking forward to this. How much do you think the new prototype will differ from the mockup shown here? <url>� There are even a few early bird spots left. How about using for storage and transportation of the glyph? <url>#4; so excited to get my hands on this. Sorry Jean did not see your question until now. In the ipad app for KS when you open the comments section at the bottom there is a button that says "view pledge" there it tells you which number you are. I guess I just got into the funding by a hair. I was able to check out the Glyph in person at MacWorld yesterday. Grant and Jonathan (from Avegant) were manning the booth on the Appalozza floor. They're extremely knowledgeable and will answer all of your questions and give you a demo (and take pictures of you wearing the glyph if you ask). The booth is slightly to the left when you walk in to the hall, and facing away from the entrance. I hear they'll be here through tomorrow if anyone wants to check them out. Good news for me is that I was able to use the Glyph with my glasses on. Albeit I have fairly compact rectangular frames, they do fit and helped with my focus as I am farsighted and beyond the +2 adjustment. The image was clear, the sound was good. No regrets backing this product sight unseen until now. So if anyone around SF wants to see a unit in person, here's another chance. Glad I backed you guys vs. Oculus. Paul Any update on the forums? With all the spam it's rather pointless to keep up with it. @Nick Smolenski WIth some luck, with the emergence and popularizing of the HMDs like Glyph, OR and Sony HMZ, we might get a resurgence of 3d games. @Jack Wolfe You should consider picking up a PS3 as you can get one for $130-200 these days, it supports BluRay 3D and has a large library of stereoscopic 3D games. While I was never impressed with how they looked on a 3DTV, I had a chance to check them out with a HMZ-T2 and was blown away by how fantastic the 3D looked! Having a display for each eye (just as the Glyph does) really makes a world of difference, the 3D effect is much more natural and seriously adds to the image. It makes me sad to see 3D gaming die off so early, I think it would've been much more popular if devices like the Glyph were available a few years earlier. @Jack Wolfe, I MIGHT get a PS3. They are cheaper. Plus since PS4 isn't backwards compatible, you'll still need a PS3 for PS3 games. Also it supports 3d BD. @Jean, It looks like I'm stuck with buying BluRay discs for the UltraViolet download even though I don't own a BluRay player, since it looks like there's no place that I can download or stream a decent selection of 3D content at a fair price ($35 on Vudu for a digital download? Are you kidding me?). What I'm most excited about, however, is running games in stereoscopic 3D. Maybe I'll have to get a PS4 anyways! With this and Popcorn Time I may never move again. :-) @Jack Wolfe, You could check iTunes, otherwise YouTube does have some 3d content. Netflix doesn't yet afaik, maybe Amazon does. There should be some services that offer 3d content, perhaps with UltraViolet or Disney's version. Like many who saw the tech demo, I was blown away by Life of Pi on the Glyph. What software was used for this demo? Did you use a Blu-Ray player, or was the movie downloaded from somewhere? I am very interested in getting 3D content legally for the Glyph, but my laptop does not have a Blu-ray drive (nor do any Macs) and I don't own a PS4 or XB1. Any other options for viewing 3D content on the go? @fabricio how do you find out? Also, probably because some people backed out before you and they were given lower IDs. How can I be backer 3,333 when there are only 3331 backers, lol Any ETA as to when the forums will be fixed. The spamming is getting worse... @Lawrence I agree. Can't say I ever really followed Snoop *'s exploits. At least we've had our share of folks that went on the roadshows mention their experiences. Also I wish they would give us an update soon and fix their forums. If they need a webmaster I'm game. @jean-guy I'm pretty sure that was the point of giving him a free unit, and I'm sure he DOES like it. It has more to do with marketing, why else would they even drop his name, I doubt he's the only friend they have that has received a free test/dev unit. Let's be honest, what do you think will generate more buzz/publicity, Snoop lions endorsement? or bob from accounting. It's marketing. Sometimes it's hard to take certain celebs serious. take this video for example. <url>"oh wow!, the graphi--- oh wow!" I don't even think it was connected to anything. Snoop dog is the worst person in the world to promote something like this, I get that you guys are friends, but he is the last person I would consider a trend setter, he has poor taste in literally everything else it seems. Everything from his personal style, to his vomit worthy mancave, filled with more tech fads, and junk. You need to get pharrell williams or even kanye on these things.If Snoop wasn't that famous, we'd all be like... who the @#$# is this guy and who on earth thought it was a good idea to loosely attach his name to this product? Saw this: <url>"most valued customers" instead of engraving it with "KS Edition". As is a written guarantee of a future trade in/discount program. What happens if the Glyph delivered in Q1 is significantly improved? Are you willing to drop a total of 1K? Get real. So in final, Avegant Glyph would NOT exist were it not for investors (or backers as they may be called), & therefore should have something to differentiate us from everyone else. With regards to currently available Android games, what are the most likely candidates to best make use of the Glyph? Which PS3 games would be solid purchases? Thanks! @avegant, any updates or new info to pass on to us? please @Roma. You got the point. People takes higher risk shall get higher return. @Roma If someone isn't financially stable and at the point where they can take the chance at losing the $500 then it probably isn't the best idea to be backing someone else's dream. @Lawrence, if the project falls apart there is no ironclad guarantee backers will get their money back, however there will be signs of difficulties which those who pre-ordered can pick up and cancel their request before their cards get charged. And yes, backers had a month to change their minds but pre-orders have up to 10 months. A lot can happen in 10 months (in life generally) to cause them to change their minds, while backers are locked in. They're the sorts of risks I'm talking about and to which pre-orders are not exposed as much as backers. In the finance world, people who take more risk generally want a higher return on their money. In this situation, a higher return equates to a lower price. I've said more than enough about this and will now shut up! maybe = many @Roma all the "issues" that people have with the per-order price being the same as the Kickstarter price will become irrelevant in December, once the glyph ships. What exactly is the "risk" you speak of as a backer? If this glyph project falls apart, and no one gets a glyph, you get your money back. If your glyph is defective, as mentioned previously, you will get it replaced. Not exactly sure what the risk you speak of is, lets just pretend that there were no pre-orders for this product. you would still be in the exact same position as you are now. They may have the option of pulling out and canceling their pre-order, but you were given the same option for over a month(maybe backers have pulled out and decided not to fund this project), and the reason you didn't pull out is because you didn't feel there was a risk in dropping 500 on this thing, otherwise, you would not have backed the glyph. I agree with you Jay! I don't even no what these people are complaining for :/ Backers should get the exact deal they agreed to...yes there is risk, that is the nature of Kickstarter, but ***you agreed to it*** for the return of the Beta Glyph. Nothing more, nothing less...you don't *deserve* more than any other backer or purchaser. @Don, I'm a finance guy and do risk/return analyses. These are quantifiable concepts, not emotional ones. @Roma: and the reasoning not based on the emotional weight of your points is what? They carry no objective value at all. Companies are in the business of business, not psychology. @Don Gateley, here are a couple of "unemotional reasons" why backers should get a better financial deal than pre-orders: 1. Backers carry all the financial risk, pre-orders bear none 2. Backers pay 10 months early, pre-orders pay when their units ship @Ed That explains why I remember hearing 1280x800 resolution last year sometime, yet, all the later talk was about 720p (1280x720). I am sure that the increased tilt angle does bring its benefits. I still would have liked the 80 extra lines, if that was possible though. :) @James - Yup. We got access to pre-production chips months ago. We're the very first company to use them. @Ed Tang So is the new chip what's already in the alpha unit you guys have been showing everyone? @Ed, Thanks for the confirmation! A 17 degree mirror tilt is really exciting. This should be a huge win for black level & contrast ratio as compared to the normal DLP 12 degree tilt. I’d be interested if the team can provide any comments on what source processing features the Glyph will include. Content Adaptive Illumination Control & Local Area Brightness Boost sound really interesting. Hopefully any source processing options will have an ‘off’ mode…so we have the option to see the native source and potentially eek out a little extra battery life. Re the preorder: keep in mind that they should be making a well deserved profit on each unit we have pledged for. The fact that the investment received was far beyond their stated goal means leverage in using our money to invest in the manufacture of additional units so as to fill requirements for a primary market held in pre-order status until pledges are fulfilled. I see no unemotional reason they should be more expensive. Good business planning if you ask me. More power to ya! @Ruud Roodenburg Sorry for the late answer. Non-US backers should not need to pay US tax. But I don’t know if the US tax is already included in the pledge or if the US-backer will have to pay the US local sales taxes separately. If the price backed includes the US tax, EU-backers will be taxed twice I think. The Swiss VAT is at 8%. So with the customs clearance fees (which depend of the transport company chosen) I’m expecting about 80-90 USD of additional cost, but whithout any guarantee... @Rand Chua TL: Let's not get everybody's hopes up, the april 2014 delivery only applies to pledges below the 499 mark. anything above will be sent out hopefully by dec. so basically the glyph units wont ship till dec @InterHmai Thanks for spotting my typo. on "Estimated delivery" @Rand Chua TL: Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 It says Dec 2014. Thanks @Avegant for responding. Despite what I had said, the truth is that I would like to support Avegant the company, support this technological innovation and also get my greedy paws on my Glyph asap. I *don't* want to convert to a pre-order. Avegant had many options for funding, including loans, VC, etc. They chose crowdfunding, Whatever else the KS rules say, we're happy to back them in spite of the risks, but we want to feel appreciated. Some like a little thank you note. Some want a limited edition thingamabob. Some want a lower price. Some claim not to care, but they surely would be happy to be recognised. Nobody knows what the future will bring. Perhaps a China company might bring out an identical product using the same TI chips in Dec for half the price. But we will still love Avegant if Avegant loves us in return, and appreciates what we have collectively done. I think Avegant has heard and will do what they think is fair. Now get engineering and give us a nice x'mas present! We are here because we like the Glyph project on Kickstarter and back it. Pls do add on if I miss anything. :p The Pros 1. It's the dream machine many is waiting for. 2. We would get the Glyph as a reward for backing it at $499 level. 3. We would get the stretch goal reward too when hit. 4. It is cheaper than getting a current one at a retail store. 5. It's spec seem better than current model out on market. 6. It's would be a better model than the one on the current market. 7. We may get it way earlier than other people to show off. (note Estimated delivery: Apr 2014) 8. At $499 kickstarter price it's half price of getting a current old model out there in the market. (True) 9. Be like a little boys and girls for at least a year and wait. (Very Hard) 10. Be like a good little boys and girls without complaining every months/weeks/days. (Super Hard) 11. Troll would be happy to be here. (Yes) :p 12. We may get our money back by refund. (Unknown) -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The cons 1. It's a Kickstarter "project", and we are backers who help fund it. (Yup, Risk taker) 2. The price seem high for some backers. ($499+shipping+VAT) 3. It's a new company making the Glyph set. (Have not heard of this company until now) 4. Currently only got test set to show as demo. (Not all backers manage to test it) 5. Not in production or out in the current market. (Yes) 6. May not get it by Estimated delivery: Dec 2014 (The bad news) 7. Need to wait until they finish redesign & testing of the test set to beta set or higher. (Yes) 8. Need to wait for it to be in mass production in factory. (Yes) 9. Need to wait for it to ship from factory and reship from ware house to our hand. (Yes) 10. Would it really be our best & final buy. (unknown due to there would be new produce and kickstarter project out there) 11. Need to wait for it like a good little boys and girls for at least a year. (Very Hard) 12. Need to wait for it like a good little boys and girls without complaining. (Very Hard) 13. Would see a lot of Troll here. (Yes) :p 14. we would not get our money back. (Unknown) @Steve Simons, please scroll down page to see comment from Avegant re: presales, why are people so upset about presale. Can a tech product like this survive by selling 2,784 units, come on get real. Everything as regards kickstarter was set out nice and early, first 500 backer get this, stretch goals are bonuses etc @Avegant So why did we become backers, only to have the retail version not only be the SAME price, BUT for retail to have THREE different color options??? At the VERY VERY least, allow your KS backers the opportunity to own something DIFFERENT! (ie different color side LED's). After all, you wouldn't be going retail if it weren't for your backers...true??? @Jeff - Yup. We've been working closely with TI and been testing/prototyping around this unreleased chip for months. We're the very first company to ever use this new technology. I believe it's the first time TI has fundamentally changed its mirror structure in decades. @Jay Fleming +1 @Lawrence Callender +1 Don't know about you guys/gals that are complaining, but I'll be having a hell of a lot of fun enjoying my Glyph for several weeks/months/possibly longer before the pre-order guys get theirs. I backed because it's a great product. I could care less if others get the opportunity to own the same product. Be grateful for what you have, not what you can deny others. Avegant, TI released this yesterday: <url>’t wait until December. @Jay Fleming +1 @Lawrence Callender +1 Congrats to Avegant on getting this funded, I'm looking forward to getting my unit in December! @Avegant I live in MI, would there be a possibility to come and see the alpha or beta sometime during the year? @Jay Fleming +1 @Lawrence Callender +1 Any discussion with regards to a 'discount' was mentioned early on as a possibility but actually Avegant wasn't sure if they would go with trade-in the Betas for the next version of Glyph or a discount as a thanks for backing them on KS. This was not set in stone that Avegant would do one or the other, similiar to them not saying they were going to increase the price for pre-sales "so back us now!" type of deal. I'm just happy to help them get funded and allow them to be a competitor in HMD market with new technology, while getting their initial product to test. "Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." So guess I was wrong. I think we'd have to read the KS agreements, but from what I understand. There is no guarantee we get anything. It's the risk we take when we pledge. Might be wrong, will go read up on it just in case. I am more than happy with a case and various colour choices of cables and led. You are backing a brand new venture that needs financial backing to get the product to mass production, then will need further investment for future sales and advancements with the tech and product. The cost now and in the future is irrelevant, I agree if the presales had come in at a massive discount to the kickstarter, they may have had a bigger problem, but that is not the case. I really cannot understand all the uproar. I think people here may have a false sense of entitlement. All that you are really guaranteed here is (if you paid 500$) a working avegant glyph, no more, no less. Anything beyond that would be considered a bonus. This is my second backed project, so I'm relatively new to KS. To be honest, I had no idea what stretch goals were, and I never even know that we would be getting any extra gifts at all. In the end, none of this really matters, as long as you get what you paid for. The purpose of this campaign was to help out a company that you believe in, and get something cool in the process. That has been achieved. I understand why some of you may be a little upset about these other customers getting their hands on a glyph for the same price that we paid, but we need to get over this "I knew about and backed the glyph before it was cool" hipster mentality and be happy that this project was successful. @JACK wolfe: I think we are legally entitled to receive what we pledged for, or we should get our money back. so technically, we are entitled. However, it is correct that we are NOT entitled to get a discount. Although, that would be nice. But since they've raised about 4 times the amount they needed for r&d an production, they can afford to offer the kit at a reasonable price to the public. @Jay Fleming, +1 People need to understand that pledging a Kickstarter does not even entitle you to receive a product. You are investing in a company that is developing something that may or may not even make it to market. Your pledge allows them to scale up r&d, manufacturing, advertising, etc. so that they can hopefully deliver a final product. Read the Terms of Use. They don't OWE you a discount because you are investing in them. At no point have they said that the KS backers are getting a better price. They've also already confirmed that you'll be getting an additional case, laser engraving, custom LED and HDMI colors for the special edition and the privilege of using the product much sooner than the presale orders (shipping in the second round of manufacturing "far later"). Would you also like foot massages? @Jay Fleming, +1 @Jay Fleming, +1 I think...I'm getting what I paid for, and what was agreed (plus the stretch goal extras) from Avegant. What they do after that agreement doesn't change that, if it goes on sale for $100 after launch...then yeah maybe I won't be massively happy about it but they've still upheld their side of the bargain we made. We're owed precisely what we pledged for, nothing more, nothing less. Getting upset about what others are subsequently offered and then demanding more seems a bit pointless. I think a free case, or customizable LED and HDMI cables can't compensate our feeling. @Hugo, why would you expect a discount off future products when you don’t get a discount off this one? I completely agree with Heisenberg. The only thing I expect in the future from Avegant is to get a nice discount on future products for the KS backers. Re. Presales. I don't get what people are so worried about. You have invested in Avegant and enabled them to bring this product to market and will get it before anyone else. For Avegant to become a success off the back of KS they need to drive future sales, hence the preorders. Do people think that once KS glyphs are shipped Avegant will not sell any more to anyone or build a 2nd generation off the back. From a PR point of view they might have been better to wait a few weeks mind. @Jean I personally don't think the casing and hdmi cable justify the price of presales. Backers put their risk for fork out our money to fund for Glyph, while presales customer don't. @Joey, What you get more than the preorder is the case, and the cable Thanks for the clarification @Avegant, but I wasn't one of the lucky 500 to get the special edition KS model. So I am only getting essentially the same exact standard model that the Shoplocket customers are getting. Granted, they will be getting it after KS orders are fulfilled, but I can't help but share what many of the other backers are feeling now when the only difference is a case (that I may or may not like/use) and a bit of a shorter wait. But at least the Shoplocket customers don't have to commit the funds the way us KS backers did. The ones that believed in the product and company enough to put our money where our mouth is. :-/ Thanks for clarifying the state of affairs. @Aye Aye I agree with you. The presales leave sour in my mouth and backers are under appreciate. I don't really care the so called "engraving" nor hdmi cable give a better value as a backer. But whatever done is done, guess I will be more cautious with the future project listed in KS. I don't think those pre-order will get extra accessories and custom engraving since their never mentioned in their pre-order page. I believe those pre-order will only able to get a basic Glyph with 6 colors that we also can choose from. Oculus Rift also did the same thing. When their online pre-orders live, those pre-order also at the same price as what the those backers paid for. Except only first 1,000 pre-orders through their website will also include a free copy of DOOM 3 BFG Edition, which already included for the pledged for $275 pledge and above. When and where did Avegant first announce a pre-order price of $499? I can't see any sign here of it being announced before the Kickstarter campaign closed. I feel very under-appreciated. The Kickstarter campaign had no "real" stretch goals, and all the beta risks are borne by Kickstarter backers. Shoplocket pre-orders get a "retail/consumer" beta at the same price, with consumer protection, the ability to cancel at any time, etc. I agree with a bunch of others - the shoplocket pre-order leaves a sour taste in my mouth. Avegant says the KS funds (or at least, the first $250k of it) was necessary for prototyping and testing, beta-stage development, working with Tekna and ramping up production. Since they were over 6x funded, that should be well more than enough. Further orders should be considered developer kits, marked at retail price, or doing something significant to get profits. Is it so difficult for Avegant to do one or more of: - raising the price of orders via Shoplocket - collecting Shoplocker funds in advance and not making it like a retail order - refunding KS backers who have been disillusioned and maybe want to convert to pre-order instead. @Kun Peng, I Know exactly how you feel, I'm feeling the same way. They take our money months up front and give nothing extra for giving them a helping hand in life. All they have done is made another web page where you can go give your hard earned cash months in advance with no interest on your loan to them. I really hope this product is as good as they say? Very mixed reviews out there! Time will tell if this product is the bees knees or not. If its not, it will be their down fall and this will be a massive shame! Really looking forward for this futuristic headphone. :) Glyph reviewed by Snoop Dog, check it out!! <url>"sword art online" (<url>"Glyph" later version look like "NerveGear" (<url>"sword art online" fans out there wishing for a "NerveGear" like product! Speaking of the Oculus Rift, ordering of the device now is the same price as their KS project except you don't get the KS pledge extras like BF3 for Rift and whatever other perks. @Wong Khai Loon You are pledging for a Beta unit, not a consumer version release thus no retail price. It's like the Occulus Rift, not final version. The final Glyph will most likely cost more and also be enhanced further from this beta. I don't even think the Rift will be at the price they say by the time it gets to consumer version. Let's see how Sony prices their VR headset for PS4. Remember Sony's device that Glyph is competing against is at $1000 as a comparison but glyph is using different technology. Kickstarter backers are getting a case as well. Well, I guess it's my mistake that to do the pledge. They never mention the actual RRP in the pledge, and I presume that as a backer could get a cheaper Glyph. @Roma like I said, fair complaint. I suggest you contact Avegant and also raise this up on the forums to get an answer. As for refunds, while it is up to the KS project founders, discretion based on Kickstater policies, getting a refund even before shipping is possible. I've seen it happen on other KS projects and for similar reasoning causing dissatisfaction to the backer. Of course they had to wait for Amazon to release the funds to them. Refund came via Amazon or Paypal when Amazon paperwork was troublesome. @wong Khai Loon we have access to same amount of colour selection. It was part of the stretch goals already achieved. I think Kickstarter should add a big red button that pops up when you pledge. It should read: "Your pledge can not be modified or withdrawn after this project is successfully funded. You will not be entitled to a refund unless the Creator can not deliver your reward. Are you sure you want to go ahead? YES/NO" That's what the rules say but it's amazing how many people don't seem to realise it. Of course Kickstarter won't change things because they want to encourage pledges so they get their 5%. Well, not sure for oversea backer as I don't see charges on my account yet. I still hope Avagent could give us some update on the presales pricing matter. Or they might not care just a few backers to quit for the pledge. @Stephen, if you hope for a guarantee of a backer's discount on the consumer version of Glyph, that means you don't have that guarantee right now. Same thing with any other better perks as a backer. As things stand now, pre-orders get consumer protection and don't get charged for another 12 months and might get their Glyphs shipped just one day later, yet pay no higher price than backers. Isn't that the reality right now? @Kun, the time to quit was 24 hours ago. It's too late now, unless Avegant decide to help you out. They have every right to keep your money unless they don't deliver your Glyph and that's all a long way off. I seriously don't see a reason for me not quitting this. I don't mind have it few month later as a consumer rather than putting all my money up front and taking all the risks as a Becker. $500 is a lot for most of us. I am one of the backer and I don't feel good with the preorder price. The preorder have more colour option compare to KS backer. I would rather quit as a backer as it don't benefit backers at all other than fund Avagent to build the Glyph. Fair complaint regarding the pre-sale at the same price as on KS. Just remember that as a KS backer for Glyph, we get our units first (esp. when we paid already) and hopefully we are guaranteed a better discount on the future consumer version of Glyph (hey we did help make this get off the ground by paying for the improvements and for initial mass production, also we've paid to be their beta testers). For the pre-sale purchasers, at least those who didn't already back their initial unit on KS, they do get basic consumer protection and don't get billed until it ships, they may or may not get to trade-in or get a discount on the consumer version Glyph. Let's see how Avegant responds to the criticism. I don't have bad feelings with regards to the pre-sale as long as we KS backers get better perks for later iterations of Glyph. If we didn't back and get this project funded, there wouldn't be a pre-sale. As for warranty, its up to individual companies or project founders how they want to handle it. I doubt most of the physical product projects would not at least fix faulty items after shipping for the next month or so. Who wants a bad rep on their initial product or one that has future endeavours on the market place, not that we shouldn't make noise if something goes wrong with the product or some 'bad for us backers' policy decisions later on. Anyways, extra sales help Avegant with regards to final production of this Beta (minimum order of parts and production costs) and KS doesn't take a percent from those pre-orders, well the credit card companies will. @Roma, I wonder, for those pre-order Glyph, if it is dispatch to EU region, with Glyph directly ship from US or from fulfillment center in EU? If it is directly ship from US, then those order in Kickstarter will save the trouble of import duty. ... and everyone else. @Roma, probably need to give current backers chance to order 2nd or more unit of Glyph at the same price. @Enrique, that's the point made by @BlueCreek. The price for pre-orders should not be as low as the price paid by backers who are the ones taking all the risk and getting no real consumer protection. @Roma Price for pre order is 499$ So backers that funded for one glyph at 499$ do not have a lower price ; ( Pre order will get glyph at beginning of 2015. (Q1) @BlueCreek, I think you have a point. The other thing is that backers don't get normal consumer rights through Kickstarter while customers do if they order directly. So if a real problem eventuates (not saying it would here, but it could), Kickstarter backers are on their own. Usually a lower price for backers partly compensates for the little protection they get. @BlueCreek, order in Kickstarter allow you to get Glyph earlier than those pre order. Not impressed with the pre-orders over on the Avegant website. They are exactly the same price as the kickstarter pledge, what is the benefit to us who backed you early and have already been charged. We should of just waited and pre ordered from your website, as we wouldn't get charged until the Glyph is shipped! @Low Chong Hung, thank you! @Alessandro Mazzucotelli, forget to mention, Avegant have forums in their website, maybe you can check the status once a while there? @Alessandro Mazzucotelli, usually for Kickstarter projects, the creators will update the news and/or status through their Kickstarter page once a month. But I don't think that is fixed rules in Kickstarter that creators should update news/status once a month. Thus, it is up to creators preference. Now that this kickstarter campaign is ending, where we can follow avegant news? Congratulations !!!! You reached end of backing with $1,509,506 !!! I'm so happy to participate to this project ! It's my first project with Kickstarter and I can say I followed it every day ! Well now I hope that we will get lots of news this year concerning Glyph "Encore bravo !!" Thank you Avegant team ! Congratulations Avegant! For a while there I wasn't sure you guys were going to get there but that last couple hours of the campaign really pushed you through. btw, did anyone ask about 1080p? If this is a virtual 80" screen, I think 1080p would be a more suitable option. Congrats to Avegant and all backers, how many sleeps till my Glyph arrives!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Congratulation Avegant! And thank you for creating this. Looking forward to receiving the beta. Happy weekend everyone! Well, it's official. I'm down ~620$ CAD. Really excited about this! Looking forward to getting this later in the year. @Stephen Thanks for the feedback. Wonder how many HK backers are there? Probably will start seeing a few in the MTR during rush hour next year! Congratulations! "Omedetou gozaimasu" Taxes all around ! well, you have to remember not just that Avegant has to pay the tax but KS takes 10% of that 1.5mil. @Low Chong Hung this is what I would expect, but the pledge amount includes U.S. tax, so we should get that back then, right? Taxes are a fun thing. First they'll get charged taxes on the 1.5 millions. And we'll likely pay some taxes at the end also...<3 taxes @Low - yeah, no US tax for backers outside of US just need to pay residing country's duty+tax+processing fees controlled by shipping company, if there is any. That's is the unknown cost for some backers. I've seen that for EU and Canadian backers on other projects. Congratulation I really can't wait to get one in my hand ^_^ Ops! I don't *think* we need to pay... @Ruud Roodenburg, for non-US backers, I don't we need to pay US tax, right? Since this is considered export (zero-rated). I brought a lot of item from Amazon US and never pay any tax to US. @Mylène Gautier what do you expect as #additionalCosts for shipping to Switzerland? What must be done to avoid paying double (U.S. plus Swiss) tax? Congratulation from Italy! Congratulazzioni!!!!!!! Felice per il vostro successo Congrats ! Go Avegan go ! Congrats from Switzerland! Can't wait for December :-) Congratulations! 1.5 mill is an impressive amount indeed. @Jean-Guy Rivard, true! :) @Low last minute person finishing the pledge process after but starting before. Probably Congratulations!!! Avegant "Everything is Awesome!" (@.@) How come total backers can increase from 3,330 to 3,331 after project funded? We are so happy too , and we can't wait until we get ours ❤️ :) Congrats！ Congrats! Can't wait for December 2014. Congrats Avegant team! Congratulations guys! Congratulations!!! Congrats! ^_^ I have pledged and unpledged and pledged again so many times already.. Can't really afford it just now. But what the... let's go for it. But you better be awesome, Glyph! Congrats :) @Avegant congrats guys!!!! Let the journey begin!!! @Avegant Press Send, pop open the bottle and take a moment to celebrate your KS success! You've deserved it! Cheers. impressive lack of last minute drop off @ Avegant Team , here we go last minute of this Successful campaign , Please keep the updates coming and keep your Backers in the loop ... we will still help along to reach our goal in December ... Best of Luck @Andrei sure you have to pay. Important is not to pay the EU (origin) taxes. just in time @Ruud Roodenburg I think it depends on the product. I'm not sure though, but I remember that for example if you import a car to Switzerland from a EU country than you have to pay something. Again, I'm not sure about this. One thing is for sure though - within EU it's all the same. @Andrei why should it be different for Switzerland? I have bought online tax free in EU with Swiss tax/fees added at import. Congrats! Now Glyph is 32th most funded project in Kickstarter. ^_^ @Collin Eckel Thanks for your testimony I have Astigmatism too but I took the chance without the trial.... It is a neat Product ... @ Avegant Counting on your R&D to give us the perfect solution ... For now even though I never used them but I might be pushed to wear lenses in December .... @Richard van Venetien, if you're talking about EU, than yes, it's the same with the taxes and duties. If you're talking about Switzerland, Norway etc. than I think not. The situation for the Europeans are the same as for the UK backers ? Awesome team Avagant, you guys deserve our support, I now you want to make the best product 15 more mins to go! OK, with the offer on the UK refund if all gets really expensive - then I'm back in... Really excited by this project - to be honest...! Bring on December Congratulations on passing the 1.5 Mil ... Looking Forward to receiving a great product ... I hope you can add dual HDMI input and PiP thanks @Avegant, I appreciate that... therefore I will stick with you on this! I'll be honest..as an EU/UK backer I've had some doubts due to possible future fees, but I'm sticking with it. Roll on December!! As others have said, Avegant's communication & transparency has been great throughout the campaign and it's really appreciated. @Dale, Same here. Hopefully once the KS is done, we'll keep getting regular updates. Less probably since they'll mostly be working and updates will be further apart. But hopefully still at least a quick word a month. Thanks for the quick reply but is that going to happen @Avegant.. I can't afford an extra $150 or so in tax... will you refund me if you can't become a business entity in the UK? Basically I can just afford the $549 that I have pledged...(no extras) @Jean-Guy, Avegant's transparency of operations is what is keeping me pumped about this project. I am in agreement with you, I'm in it for the long haul. Yeap. $1.5 Million! @Avegant, Glad to be of service. Hopefully everyone gets what they want in the end. 1 Glyph backer away from $1.5M with 38 minutes to go, so exciting!!! can anyone confirm whether we have to pay UK tax (VAT) on top of the already $549????? I want someone official to clarify, no speculations please!!! I understand that you are sorting out distribution centres in the UK (to stop import tax and duty) but will i really have to pay an extra 20%?? PLEASE CLARIFY Avegant (this is quite an important point as $499 is very different from $658! Like Kenny Rogers said, "You got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, Know when to walk away, know when to run. You never count your money when you're sittin' at the table, There'll be time enough for countin' when the dealin's done." I'm staying for the long haul and getting these babies. I've been good so far with KS, got all I paid for. Hopefully this biggest expense doesn't burn. @Avegant $ 1.670 in 60 minutes to reach 1,500,000 seems difficult ... ask Snoop? Well, I love the idea of this and have been along for the ride since just after the specials finished being available... Having said that, think there are still some unknowns and be burnt on other KS so going draw down on the pledge so that I can keep an eye on the project but not get a Beta... I wish you all well and hope that it works out for everyone, Avegant and Backers... I look forward to buying a retail unit in 2015... @Ben Tegally I have heavy astigmatisms in both eyes and I have demoed the product and had no problems at all #additionalCosts To pay local import taxes and customs handling fees is fine as long as the product can be bought tax free, so that I don't pay double tax. Why should this not be the solution? There's enough e-commerce websites that allow that. Alternatively one could redeem the original (U.S.) tax afterwards showing that local tax was paid. @Avegant, did you consider this? Switzerland does that in Europe. I've backed the project but am sad that I couldn't pledge enough to get the beta model. Like 80% of the population I have slight astigmatism so it would likely end up being an expensive paperweight. I really hope they come up with a way to address this issue or at least confirm if it's unlikely to be an issue up to a certain point as it could be a limiting factor for long term success. @Mark T. If you're looking for a very good VR solution (always for consumers, of course), you've made a good decision. Go for Rift or Sony and enjoy. @Low Chong Hung . So, I think EU backers already quite lucky since no need to pay import tax. @Alessandro warehouse in EU and then they sent the glyph to me, customs duties couldn't be added to me Duties will have to be paid upon entry into the EU. Just because some company imports t doesn't mean you won't be paying the bill. The only way to reduce/get rid of the tax is to import it in meaningless/low(or no) tax parts and assembling it here.. Glyph kit anyone.... @Alessandro Mazzucotelli, that is good news for EU backers. @Avegant, when you ship Glyph to us, is the parcel got tracking number that can track until destination country or recipient address? @Richard It's what the calculator showed... It also added costs for usps/dhl/... @Roma if they send the Glyph to a avegant warehouse in EU and then they sent the glyph to me, customs duties couldn't be added to me( i'm in Italy) Is it possible to pay or top up pledge later using PayPal? Would help solve currency exchange rate. (PayPal account USD currency) @All well guys it's been a ride so far, but considering sony have just released a statement regarding the new VR headset for PS4 I'm gonna back out. Too many uncertainties at this moment, with regards to shipping not being in concrete, very mixed reports from people using it and to be honest the terrible PR stunt which was misleading to us all in the video, I've pretty much lost faith and trust in what is being said. A special edition will be available in 2 minutes. @Low Cong, absolutely, it will be far cheaper than the sony unit, but they aren't much cop any ways compared to what we are being made to believe from Avegant. @Avegant I just want to see a working prototype of the new design ASAP. I know you'll have raised enough to 3D Print at least one to show the new aestethics. @getouttamyface yeah, which was exactly true as he is friends with COO so he would have known about it anyways!! Just misleading which always makes me suspicious, but that's just me! @Mark T, I believe, except those live in US, all other backers need to pay import duty and/or GST or VAT or some other charges. So, I think EU backers already quite lucky since no need to pay import tax. For me, even include import duty, tax, other charges, Glyph still cheaper than Sony product. @Mark T Yeah seeing he was Yogies friend. He specifically said he saw it on CNN and called them over for him to test it though which screams PR Stunt ..but hey I liked it..Good Job Avegant..LOL hope he sponsors it too.... @All for those in the UK we will probably have to pay the 20% Vat so we will be looking at an additional £70 or so on top of what we paid for shipping. @GetouttaMyface I absolutely agree, I can imagine he did say that when he first saw the Picture quality, but I'm pretty sure in the video wasn't his first time at trying on the Glyph! @Avegant While you are replying answer if there is 120hz refresh rate option to display (soap opera effect) at least! @Mark Whats the problem with Snoop Hands On? His reaction seemed genuine to me regardless if a PR stunt or not. His reaction is what mattered. I definitely would get a "This Looks Better Than Real Life" on front "This that Glyph Maan" on back T-Shirt. Maybe I should Kick start it? Hmmm.... @Avegant ah right, that didn't come across in the video, it was as though he had stumbled across the Glyph and wanted to try it. I'm trained in reading body language and it certainly didn't come across that he wasn't already aware of it that's all! Having watched the snoop Dog video, it blatantly obvious that it was staged for PR. What I'd like to know is how was snoop dog's endorsement paid, was it from the kickstarter money?? As I for one am funding the Glyph not a PR stunt!! Man thanks. That's about all the re-assurance I needed. I like when someone has something to compare and is looking forward to this item. I haven't tried the Rift at all just seen videos and Im sure I'll be getting the version from Sony but for now this propably will be the best experience you can get for Video Immersion and Regular large Screen immersive Gaming. Thanks for your valuable thoughts. Did you see Snoop Doggs reaction to the Glyph in the link I placed below. It blew his mind and made him a believer. Yes!! Finally got to change my pledge to the special kickstarter version!!! @Getouttamyface2 The thing with these sets is that your brain knows it's a small screen so when you put them on you see basically a window, but as soon as you start using it your eyes adjust and you perceive the image as a big screen. So in my humble opinion, 45 deg FOV will be great for watching movies and playing games. Also take in consideration that Oculus Rift doesn't appeal that much to me, I like a big screen but I don't want to feel like I'm inside the game, I'm afraid I would get sick quite quickly. Also I could use the st1080 to work in word documents and spreadsheets so I think the Glyph will be even better. Not rift Glyph...sorry wish I could edit... @Hugo Thanks for the reply. They said in the video they worked with dlp tech and I kept seeing the Mitsubishi logo in their background. They say 1080p but with the same 2mil mirrors as the glyph with 720P. Thats the thing that has kept me interested as everyone is impressed with the image quality of the rift. How was the perceived size of the st1080p as it has the same 45 deg FOV as this? @Getouttamyface2 I have the Silicon micro display st1080. It was confortable to use and I could see all the screen, but the image quality was much inferior to the sony's hmz-t1, like it was washed out and the blacks were only shades of grey. I could live with that but when I move the eyes to focus on certain parts of the screen I would see a rainbow effect that would completely distract me from what I was watching. So I barely use it now. I'm hoping the Glyph will be much better than the st1080. @Xander: how did you calculate that. 400 USD = 364 EURO. 50 USD shipping = 37 EURO 14% x 364 EURO = 51 EURO. 364 + 37 + 51 = 452 EURO Or am i calculating wrong ? The tech in this product sounds just like whats already available in the Silicon micro Display ST1080 Headset...Any thoughts on this Avegant? <url>€ 564,93 ...... So, what do the 50$ extra cover, only the shipping costs?. @Low Chong Hung, the importer needs to pay import duties on goods shipped into the EU. That would be the distributor. Who do you think will end up meeting those costs? @Low: thanks, but as you mention by "i don't think..." things are not clear. Standard VAT is 20%, so that is 100 dollars. If there are no other duties (but we are not sure about that) it is ok for me. What do other european backers think about this ? @Richard van Venetien, since Avegant mentioned their will shipping from the EU, so I don't think you need to pay import duties. But not sure need to pay VAT or not. Can anyone calculate what will be the import duties in Holland ? If it is more than 100 euro i am afraid i have to backout @Peter Kuo -at the HK event, there were probably 15-20 people who came out to try the Glyph so we all had time to try both demo units. Audio wasn't working on the video clip unit but the iPhone had music & the racing game. I turned up the volume during the game but hadn't figured out the volume control while listening to music. It was okay for gaming but wish I tested with more music selections. Pop music sounded ok, I should have tried more orchestral or soundtrack since most of my viewing will be movies. Hope there would be some audio modes built-in for various viewing consumption in the Beta. I use the Turtlebeach PX5 for gaming and it has a variety of EQ selections for gaming or movie watching. There's still a special edition slot available if anyone is still looking. @Rand 6. Would it increase power consumption of our hand phone when using it? > (Avegant) No. Power comes from the battery. >> Well, considering that the display of your phone stays on while playing video content, it will drain the handset's battery. At least just as much, as if you'd watch a video on your phone/tablet without Glyph. But that is something for the OS and app developers to solve, maybe in cooperation with the smart-device manufacturers. For future smart-devices I wish for an option to disable the smart-device's display, when using tv-out. Not much Avegant can do I guess... (I may be wrong, but as of now I'm not aware that such an option exists already.) My PC do not have USB 3.0 port. Would I have a problem with it > Most likely the Glyph's battery will discharge faster than it can be charged on a usb 2.0 port, while being used for video playback. My assumption is, it'll last longer than the 3hrs though, but may not be fully charged when unplugged. USB 2.0 allows up to 500 mA ~ 2.5W @ 5V USB 3.0 allows up to 900 mA ~ 4,5W @ 5V There are battery packs out there, that provide a USB outlet that provides up to 2A, so that could be a viable option for you then. @All Must Watch The full Snoop Dogg Glyph Experience.. <url>"This is better than looking at real life" on front and " This that Glyph Maan" on Back... Too funny..Snoop Dogg quote- "This is better than REAL life" this that Glyph man! Check out Snoop Doggs first reaction to the Glyph! @Avegant can you tell us about enabling 120hz refresh rate when watching animation and if there is an options menu on the headset to choose between different 3D formats?<url>"just a method" = just a lie. Perfect, shipping from EU means on taxes for me! @Avegant Do you guys have an options menu to change and display the different types of 3D formats? Also since it is 120hz is it possible to change the headset to display refresh rate at 120hz for our content? I love how animation looks at 120hz compared to the standard 60 and having that option would be fantastic (also called soap opera effect)? probably by reducing the size and weight of the overall unity like they plan to do with the Beta Glyphs. I read some comments that it's difficult to use the glyph to play games as any head movements would make the glyph slide a bit, that you need to always hold them. How are you guys planning to fix this? @ Avegant, if you ship to Canada to me labeling it as a Used headphone and a gift for under 60 dollars it could be completely duty free. (Just a method) @Special kickstarter people, I would really love a Black with Red led if one of you don't really care about the color ): If you are going to cancel your special edition please let me know! If it's shipped from within EU, there shouldn't be any cost for duty. Taxes will probably be impossible to escape though. @germx by which time it will be too late, and we in Europe etc will be stung for almost £200 on top of what we have paid. Personally I wouldn't be happy paying anymore than the $50 that we have already added to our pledge to cover postage, but I just have a feeling that promises made now might not necessarily come to light when it comes to sending us the goods. That's just my opinion and suspicious mind!! @Mark ".... Ultimately, it looks like we're going to be setting up distribution channels in the UK and maybe a couple of other spots around the world to localize shipping and reduce extraneous fees for the consumers. Which exact warehouses and carriers we choose is still in process, but the goal is to move shipping as close to our consumers as possible and thereby reduce fees. Right now we can't give exact numbers and costs because we don't know the exact weight of the packaging and the laws and fees in your home countries. Know, however, that we're working as hard as possible to keep shipping costs low for our backers." I Highly doubt that you will get any clearer answer that that unfortunately, until it's ready to ship. @AndrewStreet this is my first, I'm hoping to get the blue or red headphones with either red or blue led and same for HDMI...... Though I won't be getting anything if we don't get some concrete info about shipping before tomorrow's deadline. I was gonna cancel if I haven't heard anything before 2130hrs UK time, but decided to hold on until tomorrow, though if there's no news by mid day uk time there will be a special edition up for grabs!! @Mark T yeah the LED light.... i'm a tech geek don't know how i've made that mistake twice.... but I did just wake up then.... Anyhow it will be between blue and red. This is the most i've ever spent on a kickstarter... Only 18 hours to go !!! Can they reach $1,500,000 ? @ Rand. While waiting for a more official answer AFAIK: 2A: Using the HMDI on the Glyph, it should be no problem connecting it to a desktop PC, laptop or console using it as a monitor plus ear piece. If you do not have a HDMI-output on your computer, use a HDMI to VGA/DVI adapter (but then you probably have to use the 3.5mm plug for sound). 2B: Should be no different. They stated that picture is sharp enough to read text like on a normal screen. 3A: I asked about removable battery for desktop gaming. They didn't think that it would be removable, but they did say that using it connected to a desktop PC without draining the battery wouldn't be a problem, so when you disconnect them they should be fully charged. 3B: They claim that their technology is easier on the eyes than regular screens (like watching no screen at all basically). So we assume that playing for several hours (like we do on normal screens) wouldn't be worse than just using your eyes normally. 5. I don't see how lying down should be any different. This should work. 6. It shouldn't really, due to the fact that it is powering itself with a battery. But I'm not certain on this one. 7. I sure hope not! (that would make no sense) Take these as guesses until you get a good official answers :) @AndreStreet do you mean LED?? The colours were mentioned very early on in the updates! Some question not it FAQ . 1. Want to know your head set look ergonomics but have you guys so far tested it on Asian people? (Malay, Chinese, Indonesian, Philippine & Thailand) As Asian people head & ears are smaller. Wonder if it would be too big to wear for teenager ? . 2A. Regarding "Content - What sort of content works with the Glyph?" Since many backers want to buy it to play games & watch movies. Is it possible to plug it into the desktop pc (window 7) & laptop (XP) to use it as a monitor plus ear piece? . 2B. Possible to use it to do Microsoft words, excel document work with it? As the 80 inch screen 8 feet away from you, sound super great. (Not possible to get a home use 80 inch screen monitor) . 3A. Possible to use it as plug and play with desktop pc without using it's using battery power and charge at the same time? (finish my doc work on pc, (fully charge & off to train/bus to continue watching movies, drama & anime etc.) (Plan to use it in that way) . 3B. Would it be bad for people eye if they use it to play Starcraft 2, Battlefield 4 on PC for 2-4 hrs at a time? . 4. What the noise level in dB it's possible to block while wearing it? . 5. Can I use it while lying down on bed without spoiling my eye sight? (would be Great) . 6. Would it increase power consumption of our hand phone when using it? . 7. Do I need still need to use a pc monitor to work and play if I got Glyph? I wish there was was a yellow headset option. I would totally get a yellow headset with red LED. Totally X-men cyclops-esque! Do we know what colors there are to choose from for the LCD for the special edition? I'm going to have a hard time choosing it. At first I thought i was just simply going to do black with blue LCD but then you showed the color choices of the unite and I have put it in my head I have to get the blue one. Now while I think i'm just going to go with the blue on blue. I'm thinking the other choice would be Blue and Red... but it's not going to be an easy choice to make. @Avegant: Can we wear glasses/contacts with the Glyph as Enrique alluded to below? I need to know soon. I've look thru your FAQs and forum but can't find a definitive answer. TIA @Avegant: I would like to echo the question that has been asked a few times. Will this be a one-size fits MOST, or one-size fits ALL? I wear a size 8 fitted hat (24.75" circumference). Will there enough adjustability in the beta design for this to fit comfortably? @Rajesh, Hopefully, they are supposed to be all in the office. Not sure they can patent the VRD. Depends if TI patented their tech for this purpose or not. Though I seem to recall them mentioning that they do have the appropriate patents. Either in comments on in the KS page. Hopefully Avegant will respond to my question before the end of the project. I'm thinking Black with red LED and blue cable. I'm thinking blue with red led and red cable...red with blue led and red cable, or black with blue led and blue cable. @Getouttamyface2, not yet decide. Probably white headset, Blue LED and Blue HDMI. @Low What color combo you getting? @George W. Robinson, I believe there is not more new stretch goal. All the stretch goal have been announced and reached. @George Rewards for getting to a set sum of money. New enhancements or Features. No more will be announced for this Product. ER, excuse me but what is a stretch goal?? @Dave Matthew Avegant told me few days ago : "You can wear glasses/contacts with the Glyph" I hope that it is really possible, in my case dioptric correction will not be sufficient and I have also astigmatism. I will have to keep my glasses. However I can play with oculus rift and hmzt2 without any problem. I hope that it will be the same with Glyph !!! @Avegant I would like to know the supported size of the head, allowed by the Glyph. I have a head size slightly bigger than the norm, so it's usually difficult for me to find a headphone with plastic arc that also comfortable. Has anyone tested if the Glyphs work for someone with astigmatism with contact lenses on for correction? @ Low Chong Hung Thanks for the reply. I snagged one of those a couple of hours ago. @ Avegant. All the best! Can't wait for Glyph to be delivered later this year! @Rajesh Lets look at what we'll be getting later this year: New Aesthetically Pleasing More Comfortable Design, Mic for In-game Chat Function/Noise Cancellation, Audio quality comparable to Bose, All 3D HDMI 1.4 formats Supported, 9 Degree Head Tracking System via Bluetooth, All Media Support with only (1) HDMI/MHL Cable (Included), and All the Benefits of the new Tech (No Pixel-Superb Picture Quality) @Edwin Leong, I believe that is the only different. @David Thats what I was hoping but want to hear from them for sure. Thanks I apologise if this has been asked before. What else is in the special kickstarter edition aside from the choice of LED ring and hdmi cable? @Rajesh From what I understand, the micromirror array tech is licensed from TI, so you couldn't have another company making head mounted displays with micromirror arrays without first getting permission from TI, which I doubt will happen because it would most likely violate whatever legal agreement TI has with Avegant. One more slot for special kickstarter edition is open. Avegant What prevents other companies especially major companies release similar and may be better product ( in terms of wider FOV and audio and more features at a lower price) ahead of your projected December 2014 deadline? What I am trying to find out is - is VRD is patented to your company only? If not, what features of your product, others cannot copy and release an earlier product? Thanks @Nick Smolenski Thats a great question and would be great if it was possible. Its a setting on all my HDTV's so how would it be implemented? Is it possible to support hardware frame interpolation seeing as how the glyph refreshes at 120Hz? It really makes movie content look very fluid and lifelike. @Low and right Below...LOL There's a free app called Eassee 3D that plays all 3D content from YouTube so that's at least an option. SBS should play native since each eye will get half the image and merge them with an apication. Try and ask MX Player and VLC to incorporate 3D playback since they have the best codecs. @Low great question, wonder if the team at Avegant have tried it. There have been comments about the possibility of using the bluetooth, which is currently used for head tracking, to also allow wireless audio? How likely are we to see this integrated? As this is a feature I would very much like to see happen, so the Glyph can replace my current headphones. Looking forward to the Glyph! Is it even possible to wear corrective glasses with the Glyph for those with astigmatism or out-of-range diopters? Very happy this is getting funded. To clarify, those who backed the Special Edition will we have the possibility of having separate LED and HDMI colors? For Example. A Silver headset with Red LED's and a Blue HDMI cable, or any such combination. Or will the LED's and HDMI be matching? Fantastic project and fantastic team Avegant! I believe in this project and this team100% ;) I am new in how to play 3D movies in Android smartphone. I brought a lot of 3D Blu-ray movies from Amazon US. If I wish to watch those 3D movies in Avegant Glyph through my Android smartphone, what should I do? Congratulations Team Avegant. A Kickstarter record, twelve roadshows on three continents all inside 30 days and oh yeah, the awesome Glyph! Proud to be a backer of this incredible technology.. @Avegant Thanks for the reply. I have the high resolution picture showing all colors as my Nexus 5 Background. @Lawrence From what's been said it supports all 3d formats and should work by just plug n play natively. I'm going to take all my 3D rips and put on my 128GB microsd and play off my nexus 5 with MX player. I wonder if I'm correct though as even using my television there's a setting to display between the different formats before the images are merged so very good question. @Avegant Any word on when you'll have the new prototype to display for us. At least one should be made with the new design to show off how much of a difference it's going to make aesthetically. Hey Guys @ Avegant! Just a few questions about viewing 3D images/video on this thing. What exactly is required? Is it possible to play 3D Stereoscopy from a laptop or smartphone? I've taken a lot of high definition photos for use with the "cross eyed 3d" technique (2 side by side images). I was wondering if there is a way to just take 2 image sources (or video sources) and project one in each eye. Would this be a hardware thing or software thing? To be honest, I don't really know much about 3D. But it would be nice to be able to just download, or create your own 3D content, and play it back from any source that holds that media. And also with games on the XBOX/PS or PC. does 3D just automatically "work"? Is it really that plug and play? @All I know the guys at Avegant must be so busy, but time is very quickly running out and still quite a few questions are still waiting to be answered. For those who live in the UK due to time differences and of course people working, we really need to know the answers ideally before tomorrow evening UK time, so that we can decide whether to continue with our backing!! @Jan that's quite a good review, quite a bit of answers that people have been looking for. @Avegant the yahoo article mentions quite a few things that need to be refined or added before the Glyph could be truly classed as an essential buy, what are your thoughts on things mentioned and how many of those things will be ironed out for the Beta release at the end of the year?? I just hope they actually do change the optics for a slightly bigger perceived image sweet spot. Also, the beta concepts look awesome and I hope they look on par if not better than the pics on their site. If you expect too Much you'll be disappointed so like me just imagine the worst case scenario because its possible you may not have the best perceived size since it changes so much between users. It does have a lot of features that aren't implemented so I'm staying down and just hoping we don't get disappointed. It really does tick all of the right boxes though and if developers actually support it..it'll be great. Nice Yahoo article <url>", but from 8 feet away. You are correct in that an 80" TV from 8 feet is the same size as a 4 inch iPhone from ~4.5"away. Much like the HMZ-T2 is 750"... from 75 feet away. A more common example is like viewing a 24" monitor from about two feet away (average viewing distance from a desk). All of these sizes simply describe how much of your FoV is filled with image, and matches up pretty well with the average comfortable viewing size one experiences in a movie theater or from their living room TV (being able to see the entire image without moving your eyes much). The difference comes from the focus of the image. Your eyes are strained when trying to view an iPhone from only 4 inches away and it would be pretty uncomfortable for any long term viewing, the Glyph allows for the same size image but the focus is set to optical infinity much like sitting in the middle/back of a movie theater, so your eyes are at rest as if they aren't viewing a screen. I'm just curious as to the image size you expected from the Glyph, were you expecting Oculus Rift style FoV where the image is stretched more towards the edge of your vision? While that's awesome for virtual reality where you can look around what seems like another world, traditional media like movies and present day games would be awful with a massive FoV like that because you'd only be able to see the very center of the image with the edges being out of your view (much like sitting in the very first row of a movie theater). @Rand Chua TL Avegant's facebook page <url>´t do this, then don´t bother organising an event at all. The Glyph itself ticked all the right boxes on the spec sheet when I first heard about the device. Unfortunately, as a backer, I left the demo feeling extremely disappointed. My main issue was with screen size. The experience is not even close to viewing an 80" screen which has been stated previously. It is more like holding an iPhone roughly 4 to 5 inches away from your face. The black area around the screen was also a huge issue, making it an unwelcome distraction to both watching movies and playing games. The only positive part of the experience was the resolution. Once the optics were adjusted suitably for each eye, the image was sharp, colourful and with very good contrast. Unfortunately, no matter how good the projected image was, it would not be enough to get over the disappointment of the screen size. The Glyph felt more like the Sony´s HMZ-T2 headset, but with a much sharper image. The audio was another issue which didn´t impress me. For such big cans on each ear, I was expecting clear, high quality sound to come through. In fact, what I heard was very poor audio quality, compared to my Sennheiser HD-380 Pro headphones. Overall, the device failed to deliver the experience that I was so eagerly waiting for. I can see the potential of the Glyph´s VRD technology and only hope the improvements in screen size will come quickly. Until then, i´m still waiting for the perfect personal display device. Managed to snatch a special edition spot that someone left open! @Stephen Appreciate your sharing of the alpha experience. I didn't realize they were in HK last night (really kicking myself now!) How many backers were there last night? How was the audio compared with the popular headset brands? I doubt there will be a $1.25m goal, the idea of the stretch goals is to encourage more backers (and get more money in)...$1.25m has been and gone, if anything there might be a $1.5m goal as the campaign ends. @Dale nothing yet. They are busy with a bunch of other stuff so we might only find out after the kickstarter ends. I'm quite happy with the thing so far. Any word on the 1.25 stretch goal? As anyone here used the Sony Hmz-T? I have the first version, how is the screen size of the Glyph compared to the Hmz? If it's the same then it's great because, in my experience, at first it seems a bit small but as you get used to it or into the movie you're watching, it just feels like a cinema screen. For games I could never see well the sides of the screen in the Hmz, so if the Glyph manages to do that it's a winner! That's a 480 INCH perceived screen size at 40 ft away? You said 40ft wide!! That's more than I could ask for..If it looks like that to me It'll blow my socks off. LOL How's your vision as I don't wear or need glasses? @GetOuttaMaFace To me it felt maybe 40ft wide sitting at 40ft or so. I really felt as if I was looking off in the distance. Overall it's just a different, yet impressive, experience than either sitting in a theater or looking at an iPad from arms length. @Andrej That's what they say but by using different device sizes to do it the perceived size does not change to me. I tried with a 5" held at 6" away, a 10"@ 12.2" away, and my 14" held at 16,8" and each one feels different. The smaller it is in reality the smaller it looks still. So a better explanation would include the exact size screen to use in the demonstration to get an idea. Someone who has tried it would have to tell us! Is there any simple way we can test the screen size ourselves without demoing the unit? We have heard everything from 80" at eight feet to "a smartphone at arms length", but there must be a definitive answer, right? Someone said you could test the size by taking the width of a display times 1.2 and putting yourself at that distance, so my 24" monitor with a 53cm width would put me 64cm away, giving me a very reasonable screen size. Is this really accurate? If so, I don't understand the people saying it looks tiny, unless they were expecting a fully immersive experience. Perceived size and import tax are the main uncertainties I would like to have cleared up before the campaign ends, even though I'm unlikely to drop my special edition. Jumping in with my 2 cents - attended the demo in Hong Kong yesterday. Luckily definitely not as crowded so everyone got some decent time with the two units demoed and got to talk with Ed. Everyone has mentioned the weight and having to hold the front up while viewing, pretty much agree on that aspect. Yes, Avegant will be working on the ergonomics of weight and comfort with the Beta. Headphones need more flex as it was a bit uncomfortable squeezing the sides of my wide head. This Alpha was 3D printed so it wasn't as flexible as I would like. Image quality was impressive and the 3D was very natural. It definitely felt like I was sitting in the middle/back of a movie theatre and the screen size was decent. Yes, it could be bigger and Ed did say they will increase the size slightly and improve the optics and viewing sweet spot as the Alpha had a small sweet spot with it's current optics setup. I do agree that calibration adjustment should be done via software rather than mechanical as I worry about the robustness of system after many fiddling with. There is a mechanical lock for the IPD and diopter adjustment. As someone who usually sits middle-front at the cinema (depending on screen size) because I like it big and close, I am comfortable with the current viewing size of the Alpha and its features and can't wait to get the Beta with hopefully way better ergonomics and slightly bigger image size. I'm mostly using this for movies and console gaming at home. Will try it out at work though once I get it to test in my daily work environment. Regular travel to/from work is just not long enough to use the Glyph. Thanks for coming out to Hong Kong and nice to talk with you Ed! I am really excited for this project to be in stores every where and am really happy I got a chance to pledge! Goodluck!! Good luck with this KS guys, I think I'm out and going with the OR instead, but I wish everyone the best of luck with this product. I think there is a place in the market for it and I'd love to revist it down the road. I do have one of the first 500, so if anyone wants to jump in and snag my spot, it's open! @Michael What size theater screen though? @GetOuttaMaFace From my previous review, I found that the experience was more like sitting in the middle/back of a movie theater rather than looking at a small screen closely or at arms length. So for the most part, I think we know what to expect from the beta units. All that needs knowing is the International shipping situation. From Google+ Mentioned you in a comment on his photo Stuart Allen Shared publicly - 11:42 AM Checking out the Avegant Glyph with +David Hodgkinson and +Robert Govier <url>﻿ Innovation Warehouse 1st Floor, 1 East Poultry Avenue, London EC1A 9PT, United Kingdom 1:47 PM How about your impression!﻿ 6:38 PM OK + here it is. Right now this is an Alpha unit, but we're told the audio and video are "very close" to what to expect. I can see these bring great for commuting and those who want to watch privately. They are NOT an oculus rift, and are not trying to be either. This is not about virtual reality imagery, more about watching video sources of all kinds. I have two criticisms: 1) The unit itself is too heavy and as a result slips down so needs to be held in place. I understand that this has been addressed and will be fully resolved in the next version if the hardware. 2) Screen size. Image quality is clear and crisp and very comfortable to watch, but it "feels" a little bit small. This is NOT a resolution issue, because this is a projected image, its more about the resulting image size projected onto your retina. I think I expected a bigger image - but this isn't a show stopper and if the unit becomes lightweight enough then I'm definitely in. Remember, high quality audio is pricey - and combined with high quality video the 500 USD investment seems like a good deal. Personally, I haven't invested yet (a friend if mine has) but when the next version rolls around, I think that position is likely to change. Itching to try the Beta - these guys seem to know what they're doing. Overall - impressed. ﻿ Show less So far we have the size of a phone at arms length, a 21" monitor at arms length, less than 50" plasma, just small in general, and so far I haven't had anyone feel it was 80" that has tried it. Is this accurate? Anyone who tested disagree? @Mark T That guy didn't seem impressed with the size. He said its like holding your phone at arms length. That is very small and something I'm going to have to back out be a use of unless someone can tell me different. That is way smaller than I expect. The other guy said smaller than his 50" plasma so it varies a lot from person to person. @tristan Indeed, we are looking into it now. Quite the adventure. @avegant @allan : The avegant site has been taken over please look into this. :( @Jamie so what are your views on the Glyph then?? Is it worth the $499?? @all check this link <url>’t be like that for the beta.. I went in to make sure that my pledge was worth it. I got 10mins with the Glyph in total, got to talk to the CTO for hours on the product and the journey, AND got free drinks and food! What more could you ask for! If you were expecting a demo to the standard of the next Apple product then you might have left feeling cheated, but for 3 guys in a room full of eager, inquisitive backers, they did a great job. <url>"Show and Tell Happy Hour" failed to live up to all expectations. Even when trying to ignore the piss poor organisation of the event (disorganised queues, "suits" given priority over "the great unwashed" with no attempt to apologise), the prototype/product itself is a total let down. 80cm size screen? Nope. My 50 inch plasma is bigger. Barrel distortion? Yup. Poorly weighted headset? Yup. Audio quality? Compared to my Shure 535 headphones, absolutely nowhere near them or even cheaper headphones in terms of clarity, bass or spatial depth. All in all a wasted opportunity to impress. Save your for the OR. Pledge cancelled. @jon how would you recommend it for those wanting to play games? Do you think the current FOV would be suitable for extended play times?? After trying out the Glyph at the Seattle Hands On event, I have to agree with others that have recommended some type of over the head support when the visor is lowered over the eyes. The Devs stated they are working on how it grips around the face, but with the alpha units I noticed the way my ears sit compared to the bridge of my nose, the unit had to be pushed up often for me to see the whole screen. A bar over the top would allow for further adjustments and stability. A suggestion for a future version (post-beta) is to make the adjustment dials digital rather then physical. The dials gave it a "cheap" feel in my opinion (adjustments feel like using an old pair of binoculars...not a fancy piece of tech). With a digital option, it could even be possible to have "save" settings for different users with different prescriptions for their eyewear. Other then that, very impressed by what I saw at the Hands On...Definitely glad to be a contributor and can't wait for my own Glyph. @Cesar For the Virtual monitors, I totally agree and hope. I might try my hand at something since it's something I also want. Just tried the Alpha at the roadshow. The headset performed just as described. It is hard to describe the sharpness of the image without seeing it in person but the sensation is unique. You get great quality picture from an image that is not 'hard' on the eyes. Its more like looking at a magazine photo than at a traditional LCD. LCD's look good but they need to be bright to do so. The image on the Alpha was impressive, no strain whatsoever at regular lighting levels whilst in a brightly lit pub. The Audio quality was also very good and at this price point the ANR headset alone justifies the cost, not even mentioning the optics. 3D is flawless, nothing else to say, it just works. I don't know if immersive VR is attainable with 45 degs of FOV but virtual monitors would rock on this device with the head tracking. Here is hoping the developers come to market with some good options. (please don't forget mac users). Still very impressed and glad to be supporting a great startup. 9 1/2 months to delivery and counting. Hi @Avegant Well we are near from the end of funding... I think that lots of people want to know what you can propose to reduce duties And just for me I sent a private message and I would like to get an answer ;) Thanks ! Great Article...Keep em coming! Can't wait to see a video with the new form factor on their site! Is it possible to give an ETA on when you may have one to show us the new design? Allllleeeeen....I know you're waaaaatching.....LOL @GetOuttaMaFace unfortunately not, I would imagine quite a few of us work and don't have access to the internet when doing so!! If anyone is giving up a special edition, please message me! BTW, just saw this: <url>® Astro 3E 10000mAh Dual USB Backup External Battery Pack Portable Power Pack Charger for most Smartphones... Fantastic battery. Charges my phone which has a 2300mah battery completely with room to spare. Charges it in around an hour back to 100%. I'm just like you in the excitement of it all and have probably seen every video a d read every article out there. Constantly checking this page for comments, and the forums which don't have as much discussion. Yobie is correct in what he is saying though and my support will help them get started. 500$ is a lot of money for most of us so it's definitely a leap of faith to support this product and the company. I really really can't wait but still want that discount... Lol @Mark T The thing is you can get 10000 may small batteries now for 40$. Charge through USB even. No one has to carry multiple batteries, just one small large capacity battery. My portable battery charges almost as fast as my wall charger. Look at this video interview. We are supporting the initial product that is going to help them create the truly breakthrough products as yogi explains. I am very excited for the tech and I'm like you as in I have always loved and wondered when this design would become reality. It now has but I know what what's right on the horizon as far as the VR/HMD scene. Look how enthusiastic he is especially about what comes after the Beta we are getting. <url>" Nexus 5 4 times completely. Wouldn't you rather a nice discount on the 2nd Gen of this? No immediate cost for them, no extra time needed to incorporate extra electronics, and we don't have to worry about not being a to afford the next release. By selling the current version, using the 20% off coupon, it'll make it lot easier to afford the next release. As a backer I am more interested in future proofing this device since it seems it will not be firmware updated with new features once they figure out the larger fov thing without breaking plug n play. And no I'm not trying to compete with Rift. It's just imagining an I'll size screen in there would be amazing with its picture quality. If they are entertaining the case battery idea then great but if not I think a great discount on the next devi e makes more cents. @Avegant I didn't totally back out my wife surprised me with this for V_Day so I didn't need two. @Mark +1 @Edward you could also charge for an extra battery for those that want one, and that battery could be slotted into the charging port in the case charging, so when the one in the glyph runs out, you just swap the batteries over, the empty one then charges again from the case. As long as the integrated battery in the case is charged, you would have 3-4 full charges for the two spare batteries. You could offset the cost of making the case with built in charger by charging for an additional re-chargeable battery to use if wanted. @Edward hope Hong Kong goes well!! As for the rechargeable case, instead of a replaceable battery, my personal thinking would be that it would be more beneficial than having to carry extra batteries around with you. The battery could be integrated into the carry case, that way when ever you put the glasses in the case, they could be held in place by sliding onto the re-charging port, once in place the Glyph would charge up from what ever is left from the built in battery. Next time you take it out it's fully charged!! An extra re chargeable battery would be cool, but if you have to keep taking the battery out every time you wanted to replace it with a fully charged one, it sort of takes away the portability slightly. I still think there could be an option to replace the battery with a spare one if you wanted to, it could be an optional extra to purchase an extra battery. If you did it that way people would have a charged battery in Glyph, a spare (if they wanted to) and the battery built into the case, that's a lot of travelling time!! Where would the event in Hong Kong be held today? Please update us here, thanks! @Mark - I'm sitting on a train to Hong Kong right now. That's a great idea for long travelers! The Glyph should be compatible with most external USB battery packs as is right now. I suspect the extra cost for including an additional external battery may be challenging. What are your thoughts about that option vs a replaceable battery? I sincerely hope the team to make effort to take care of the short-sighted backers like me having -7.5 degree. Can I know more about this issue before I sadly have to cancil my pledge? OK thank you for the update @Avegant You guys haven't mentioned if you were working on a $1.25m and$1.5m stretch goal. can you guys give us an update on this please. A deep discount coupon for the first retail verson would be a wonderful stretch reward for backers. If there are any left. :-) Unless they stumble badly, which I think unlikely, the retail sales will so swamp the KS numbers that the discount will barely register on the bottom line and I can't think of a better way to say thanks and turn the backers into a mighty team of evangelists. @Mark @Edward Totally agree with you @Avegant Please consider this discount coupons concept for us (your bakers), when the retail version is released, hope to see this as your next stretch goal before the campaign ends @Edward Tang my previous post was for you by the way. @All This is a link to a Video of the Asian guy From Tested talking about his experience with the Glyph. He definitely seemed impressed with the quality and 3D. He thought it looked better than 1080P comparing to traditional Cinema Displays. Wish I could ask him some questions as the other guy from Tested (see Post below) didn't seem too impressed. Skip over to 47 min to get to the start of the conversation on the Glyph. <url>"A larger FOV" since you have said its only limited to "Plug N Play Funtionality with smartphone". I'm hoping as a backer we can get like 20% off the next Gen. version even if it wont come out in the immediate future. That'l be a great final Stretch Goal for everyone and ensure that the 2nd Gen gets a large immediate sales and we can get it for a more reasonable price. I'd sell this one and probably wont have to spend too much extra to get the 2nd gen with the discount. Hi Everyone. I posted a comment regarding a hands-on experience with they Glyph in Boston. The main question after my review was "Is it worth the 500 bucks?" the answer depends on whether you want to have something no-one else has. Do you want to lay in bed or travel while enjoying an immersive media experience? Do you realize you are getting a BETA product from a young company who needs the support to even make these things? If so, the answer is yes. However, if you want a product to replace the VERY large displays you can currently get in the home, you will be disappointed. Personally, since I was a teenager (I'm 45 now) I dreamed of a device like this, maybe after watching Brainstorm. These guys have captured the imagination of thousands of people, and after they release this Beta my hope is they remember us who believed in them and give us the chance on the next big thing they will absolutely deliver. @Edward I mentioned in an earlier post about having a hard case with a built in battery that could carry charge for when the Glyph is stored in it, it could automatically re charge. It could be instead of the semi rigid case and as part of a stretch goal........ I left a link on my previous post about another item on kickstarter where they have done this........ Would be great for extended travel!! @Engku - The Roku stick requires a MHL port (powered HDMI). We don't have plans to power external devices from the Glyph at this point. That would be a great combo though... @GetOuttaMaFace - I've been trying to get his attention since before CES. We'll continue working on it! @Avegant Thank you for the reply, it will be interesting when your Glyph comes out the shelves. Hope all Avegant visitors to London are enjoying themselves here in UK, I'm a UK backer but can't make it to London this week, any sign or idea of the 1250 stretch goal and any other stretch goals with the last push, 4 days only left to go? Would also love any reviews or comments from anyone in UK who has chance to have a look at the glyph. Before you get stupid rich selling this to the military and gamers, any thought of adapting the military aspect of your Glyph display to civilian firefighting? If the Glyph takes standard video inputs, then it seems there is more than enough off-the-shelf equipment to make this workable without costing what only the military could pay for it. You're going to make me wish I hadn't retired just yet. Cheers! Any luck getting Marques MKBHD attention? Will the Roku Stick work with this Glyph & enable users to stream movies and tv shows from Netflix & Hulu Plus, etc ? Check this review <url>"80-inch screen from 10 feet" business that every HMD I've ever tested promised. I wasn't particularly impressed with their application of the technology, but the technology itself was pretty impressive. creativekoi1 month ago There's an interesting paradox in the way they're playing the market. They're really trumpeting the advanced nature of their display, and yet are focused on making sure it plays well with the tech we have now. I'd wonder how well this would advance in the grand scheme of product cycles... Seems like this would be really great- for a couple years. Then watch it get eclipsed very quickly by 'the next big thing'. temmink1 month ago It seems to me that the form factor would be interesting for an Augmented Reality experience but the FOV is quite low which would be the limiting factor for that application. As Will mentioned above, seems like interesting technology applied in a fairly uninteresting product. naterz1 month ago @will: What tweaks would you make to improve the headset? Also I have heard it creates less eye strain than an lcd monitor. Was that your feeling as well? I did appreciate in the video where you gave an idea of the actual field of view. I'll need a few more tests from folks like yourself before I drop $500 smackers. That's half the price of my car! STAFFwill1 month ago @naterz: I can't comment on eyestrain. The demo unit wasn't aligned perfectly for me, which could have been my fault. It needs to be dramatically lighter and have a more polished way to set the inter-pupillary distance and focus. I'm also not convinced that integrating headphones is the way to go. I'd much rather have a dramatically smaller and cheaper device and use my own expensive headphones or earbuds. There are also some other problems, not the least of which is where are they planning to get 3D video content on mobile devices. I have a question on how those who require prescription lenses will be accommodated, more specifically, how would one know when the image matches their prescription? Would a number pop up which they could them compare with the results of their most recent eye examination, or would we just have to wing it and adjust it until it is clear to us? Same here. Any special edition droppers give me a heads up! If anyone is thinking about dropping their special edition... Please let me know xD Thanks Lenny! Really appreciate it.. @Avegant check out 'THE DASH' kickstarter they have made a hard case that stores up to five full charges for their inner ear headphones. Would be great if we could take the Glyph out of the case already fully charged......... that way no need to worry about it just being able to hold just 3 hours of play, great if your travelling, just pop the Glyph back into the case for it to re-charge!! I think it would be a great stretch goal!! @Avegant as a stretch goal would it be possible for the carry case to be rigid and for it to be able to charge the Glyph whilst its inside the case?? @Abdullah Soomro: Look down, they just updated on that yesterday by saying "Currently we're embroiled in some shipping and duty studies. Good news is that I think we'll be able to find a solution to cut down and taxes/duty etc, but we just need to resolve a few issues. Hard at work folks. We promise." @BlueCreek yeah I read that, was a bit too late, for it to meet its target by that time. Glad they are going to re-start it on kickstarter, they do deserve to get funded, although I'd rather see concrete evidence that it works with Glyph like they did for the Rift. @Mark T The creator of GameBuddy recently commented saying they have been in touch with Avegant and they have said there no reason as to why the GameBuddy would not work with the Glyph. I am looking forward to backing them again once it has re-launched. And looks like I was too slow in grabbing that Special Edition! Opening Special Kickstarter Edition in 3.....2....1.... @BlueCreek @Ryan the GameBuddy has been spoken about on here quite a bit, I think the only issue was that the makers weren't able to get a Glyph to try it with, so they were unable say whether it would defo be compatible. @Ryan there have been some discussions about Chromecast, the only issue is powering the Chromecast as the Glyph does not have a USB power outlet. The next closet thing to wireless streaming is the Gamebuddy which is due to be relaunched on kickstarter, which powers itself using a built in battery, and can stream game consoles, smartphones, PCs and Set Top Boxes/DVD players all wirelessly and you could be in a different country, as long as you have an internet connection! Has anyone thought about the possibility of using the Glyph with a Chromecast? (probably the closest thing you can get to wireless streaming) @mike have you compared the size of the rift to the glyph?? I think we need to be realistic with what could be added to the glyph!! Particularly with the battery size!! Is there any plan to have an integrated computer in the Glyph? I think having an onboard Android computer with Wifi would allow a fairly seamless integration while on the move. Or I could just lay on my couch watching netflix via the app. I mean, sure I could use my phone to do this, but it would be great having it integrated. (I don't really want to be interrupted while movie viewing!) I believe the Oculus Rift is doing this which I think is the right move. Hi, I was wondering if there is an update on international shipping? 1000 comments already. Congrats Avegant. There really is a lot of intrest! @Michael Smith That's the experience I'd want from the Glyph. Thanks for sharing your impressions! @Mark T @Matt Garrard To me, I think the experience is more of a larger screen (even bigger than 80") but sitting further away. I describe it as sitting in the middle or middle/back of a movie theater. It's not a front row IMAX experience per se but more of a regular theater where you can see other stuff around in your periphery. The theater like experience (as opposed to a small screen up close) and the Glyph's natural and comfortable 3D is what sold me. Is this Kickstarter going to be the only way to purchase a Glyph Beta until the final Glyph in 2015, or will the crowd funding continue through your site after the kickstarter has concluded? update please. can you ship 3000+ units before the end of the year? or is Dec 2015 more realistic? most kickstarter projects take a year+ over expected delivery date. Would the shipping details also trickle down to Canada shipping tariffs and fees? Even though we are neighbours, we still get dinged quite hard at the boarder. I remember getting a "nice" surprise from UPS for $150+ charge. Most of it was UPS but the rest were taxes. @Scott my thoughts are very similar to yours, I've been up and down as to whether I should back out, but as long as shipping can be sorted then I'm going to continue to back the Glyph, I'm still very excited about it and look forward to being part of the journey. I have decided to back out and wait for everything to go retail. I am very excited for the future of HMD’s, but there are so many options coming out that it’s hard to decide which one will fit my needs. I am primarily looking for something that will enhance my Sim Racing hobby. The Glyph, The Rift and CastAR all have pros and cons, but until I am able to try each one out I can’t afford to buy & sell. Full emersion is not necessarily what I am looking for, but if it makes the experience better than anything I have seen before then I may go that route. I like the idea of being able to look down or to the side and see my wheel, shifter, button box etc… and then jump back into the game. That being said I will be opening up a Special Kickstarter Edition spot (I was one of the first 50) tomorrow (Saturday) around 10:00am PST. Thought I would let everyone know and give you all a fair chance at the spot. Best of luck to the Glyph Team!!! Can’t wait to see the finished product. @Avegant Can we get some kind of update from you guys? It's been quite a while since you've really given us any info. Also we passed $1.25m and you guys haven't mentioned anything about that yet either. @Colton cheers for the heads up, finally got a limited edition! Giving up my early bird in a few minutes if anyone wants it. Good luck. @Dale not yet, we should hear something soon though as they were hoping to let us know in Europe about shipping before the final day! Anything for that $1.25M marker? @Matt I think that's already been mentioned in a few different threads. If your expecting an 80" screen in front of your eyes, you will be disappointed. It does not give that illusion. Can anyone who has tried the Glyph verify that the perceived screen size is 80"? @Michael Smith Once again thank you, especially for answering and describing what it would feel like to use it to read or as a monitor, i wouldn't have guess it was such a great experience, Plus with your iPhone, you can read while listening to music! @Nicolas LeDrezen No, unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to try any games. I think it would work great as a computer screen and the text should be legible. I plan on using this on airplane flights to read emails from my iPhone, listening to music and watching movies. @George W. Robinson The goal for the beta is 16oz. You might want to check how heavy that is and decide. I don't think it's headache inducing. Please oh please make the headset lightweight, comfortable and not restrictive. I used one of the early virtual viewers and the picture was fantastic but the thing was so heavy on my head if gave me a headache. I can't wait to get my Glyph. With the head tracking - what sort of latency is there - I am thinking of head movements while playing a game or wandering in VR space. (probably using an Omni treadmill) @Michael Smith Thank you for your comments! it helps to know how people feel. Can you tell about different experiences: did you try any game? Do you think it would work as a computer screen? Is it OK to read any text or is it too small? @Markus I think maybe you're on to something. With my experience on Monday, my eyes were so relaxed with regards to both the focal distance (infinity) as well not being cross-eyed at all. I think this contributed to more of the theater experience rather than staring at a small screen up close. @avegant Have you guys discussed a $1.25m stretch goal? Congrats to the 1.25 millions! Unfortunately I had no chance to test the Glyph myself, but here are my thoughts about the perceived image size (small screen at close distance vs. large screen/theater screen at larger distance): It might depend on the fine adjustment of the IPD: when adjusted correctly your eyes can focus parallel to"infinity" giving the impression of a large object far away. When the IPD is set a bit too narrow your eyes have to focus inward like on a nearby object giving the (subjective) impression of a smaller picture at a closer distance. Can anybody who could try the Glyph corroborate this theory? @Glen Than, From what I've seen so far, it's rift like since the sensors are on the Glyph as opposed to a camera looking at the Glyph @Anders Nothing has been announced for >1$ million yet When you say head tracking, do you mean that it works like the Occulus Rift and trakck head movement when you look around? Or will you need like the Microsoft Kinect camera to monitor where your head is? @GetOuttaMaFace Pretty sure the FOV is a hardware limitation and not something you can adjust in software no matter how good the API. Is there a stretch goal at 1,25 million? @Avegant Please respond to this question. Will you guys release an API so that the modding community can work on the software side to try and create a higher FOV. I know your ideals and stance on it as a product but for those of us who wouldn't mind slightly decreased picture quality with a picture that appears larger (For large screen gaming...not VR like Rift) .If they could be released developers could mess around with it. It wouldn't hurt and would make this a good bit more future proof although I'd much rather you make it update capable firmware wise. Nothing would make this product better than Firmware upgrades directly from you guys. Guys and gals please chime in on this discussion. @ Michael Forget my question , I read too quick your review and I thought you wear glasses @ Michael Thanks for your review ! Well it confirms for me that Glyph will be a great product ! Did you keep your binoculars for your test ? Hi all - I just became a backer after attending the Cambridge event a couple of days ago. I've been one of those people that whenever I use a pair of binoculars, stereo microscopes or even at 3D movies, I would always see double and it would give me a headache eventually (and I know my IPD isn't out of the ordinary). With the Glyph, I easily made the adjustments so that I was seeing a single image - probably for the first time ever with these kinds of things. When I first put the Glyph on, I was surprised how comfortable they were. The headphones isolated outside noise very nicely and the ear pads were very nice - not cheap vinyl like they look in photos. After about 30 seconds, I felt comfortable enough that they wouldn't slip off my head and let go with my hands. No problems and they sat nicely on my nose. The smaller size and lighter weight promised in the beta version is all upside and I'm 100% confident they'll be with me everywhere I go. With regards to the questions around if it felt like sitting in the middle of a movie theater or holding a tablet at arms length - it's just a different experience. If I had to choose, to me I felt like I was sitting in the middle/back of an empty theater. I think this was because of several reasons: - The experience was so relaxing for my eyes that I felt as if I was looking at something far in the distance (albeit clearly) - The clarity and sharpness of the image was outstanding with truly no discernible pixels - Isolation from most of your surroundings but the image didn't take up all that space. So there was a black space below and around the image that kind of felt like rows of empty seats in front of me. I watched Life of Pi in 3D for a few minutes and was absolutely blown away at how natural the 3D felt with the Glyph. The total lack of eye strain and elimination of cheesy floating in air effects that you get in movie theater 3D puts the focus back on the movie and you quickly forget that you're watching in 3D. I've never been a fan of 3D movies, but I'm actually looking forward to them when I get my beta. Regarding the FOV - I think it could have been a bit wider, but just a little bit. I do think there is such a thing as too wide when watching movies or doing work; I definitely don't want to have to actively move my eyes to the far left and right when looking at something at the edges of the screen. Overall, well done Avegant! In my opinion, the performance of the alpha prototypes are already worth the pledge and the beta should be even that much better. Not diameter, diagonal. :) I'm repeating myself, I know, but to Paul K. and others trying to guess what 45 degrees FOV means, you can simulate it by placing your face 1.2 times the width, not diagonal, of the display. I'll leave it up to someone else to translate that to diameter for various aspect ratios. :-) @Avegant I read that if your eyes perceive depth by the angle of the light that enters the retina, thus allowing the eye muscles to work and focus the light for better vision. However current monitors for computers don't allow that and cause eye fatigue and disuse atrophy of the eye muscles. With the Glyph you can potentially create a mimic of depth perception for the eyes to allow eye muscles to work like every day life when we go outside and look at close and distant objects, while allowing the picture to look the same. Will you be implementing this system to help our eyes exercise while watching a 2~3 hour movie? If so it can be a very popular replacement as a monitor. @Mark Hawkes - <url>"Travel Dock" with an optional built in battery for 3-4 hours of use) These 2 devices look promising with a Glyph...what do you guys think? Ok...so I was just reading up on the TALOS (Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit) a project by the US military to create an ironman type suit for its soldiers. There is a video on youtube of an unclassified demo from July 2013. It's a little cheezy with the music and fast cuts.. BUT... if you go to 0:40 in the video...I think you'll be surprised to see who was demoing their tech for the project! (Looks like the early Alpha) Video: <url>"scrolling" then a firmware update wouldn't change anything. They could simply code something themselves for this. Or maybe they already did. @Jean-Guy Rivard: I think there could be no software needed if it could be integrated in the firmware of the Glyph (I mentioned this feature suggestion some days ago) @Paul My expectations aren't low. I just figured the 80" tv reference isn't exact. So I take it with a grain of salt since it's objective. I expect to be able to watch movies in a large screen, but portable with 3d and great audio on anything with an HDMI plug-in. Also it can be used as a headphone on it's own with a 3.5mm TRRS plugin. And for that, I think the price is right. Any extras like head tracking should be nice to help with using it at work to "replace" multiple monitors. Looking into some software (or perhaps make) to create a kind of virtual desktop that spans horizontally and moves with the head tracking. Thinking about it 12" @ 1' would be the same... Not 10"...so that's 2" more than what I'd be seeing using my nexus 10...I like it... Hope it helps if I'm right. Nevermind my prior statement. I just did a test with my nexus 10 ...10" 2560x1600 beautiful display by holding a 1' away which would be 45 fov if my thoughts are correct. Played a 4k video and to my suprise the details were beautiful and does feel like the equivalant of being in a theatre..almost! At least I can not be disappointed if it does appear around this size since I know what not to expect. @Avegant Can you compare the quality of the picture to that of a nexus 10 as its pretty inexpensive right now to get one. Ibread Allen say "almost 4k like in quality" and I guess my nexus is considered 2k so if its on par quality wise plus had 3d, plus premium audio then I think I'm still sold..lol...I just hop y'all release the api's so the modding community can increase the fov for us in the future if you guys won't be providing us with firmware updates. Firmware updates would be a great Final Reward for those of us who are wishing on a star and sacrificing by supporting without a hands on. @Jean Wow you sure sound like you have low expectations. For $500 and being told 80" at 8ft or 60" at 6' it seems like it'll be very large. But then again saying 10" at 1' is the exact same .am I right? So if I take my 10" nexus and hold it 1' in from of me with my head centered that is what I'll be seeing when I look inside the glyph. Is this correct? I think its just marketing to keep using 80" at 8' now! If they sayed 10" screen at 1' it would be a whole lot less appealing for someone paying $500. I hop I'm wrong because what I hope to see is me sitting in the middle of a theater with a large screen where it is higher than me vertically like I'm sitting in the movies. Not looking at a box in front of me. Its hard to explain but most of us probably expect the same from how they market it. @Mark Depends what those people were expecting. If they were expecting some semi-oculus rift then yes, I can see how they would be disappointed. I'm just expecting something like a monitor in front of my eyes. At least similar to watching movies on my cellphone. if I get better than that I'll definitely be happy. @Roma only since more people have had hands on with it, as up to that point I didn't know what the picture size was going to be like, but more and more people who have tried it state that they are disappointed by the picture size.... It's sort of De ja vue for me! @Mark, I think you've been in two minds for quite a while :) Still a week + to sail or bail. @Avegant I'm a HMZ owner and I'm happy with Sony's stated 45 degrees fov. You're saying that currently you have around 40-45 degrees fov on the Glyph. I don't know how much difference 5 degrees makes for picture size, but I think it would be good for you to have 45 degrees fov. Because you compete with the HMZ. But you also say that the Glyph makes an impression of sitting in the best spot in a cinema, which is how the HMZ looks to me. So I expect I'll be satisfied with the Glyph. Avegant already stated the view is similar to HTZ just with better quality...... Like many have said including myself, the HTZ screen looks very small to some, whilst others think it looks big. My opinion was it looked like a portable tv from 50 feet away...... I'm really in two minds now!! Sorry for first question , answer is in FAQ : "Headtracking will work via Bluetooth 4.0" Hello @Avegant How head tracking will work ? I mean is there a usb câble to connect to phone or game console ? (To indicate to game head position) Dis you tried HMZ ? Do you have comparable image size ? (It seems that numbers for simulated image size are subjectives according people) How many time micromirroirs can work before a failure ? Thanks Enrique @Avegant, have you thrown around the idea of including an OTA tuner in the Glyph to pick up local HD channels? This would be a perfect feature for a mobile display device. Thanks and keep up the great work! @Paul Kinnerson So true, there are a lot of different reviews out there, some terrific, some mixed Hi All I've just dicovered this Project & the only thing that sprung to mind was... "Shut-Up & Take My Money" What Can I say... I'm in! @Paul I know what you mean, that's the same thing I'm struggling with now, I want this to be like sitting in a Theatre but everyone says something different.. U mean one person say 27" and another stayed 50". Then I read it was not even 60". All different reviews. Avegant just clarifies by saying its like sitting in the middle of a theater. But that's just perspective as I can hold my 10" nexus about a ft away which has same five and it still is perceived to be a 10" screen to me and not really a larger screen or the same as being in the middle of a cinema. @Edward Murphy Do you think its worth the 500$ investment in its current form? To me that's a lot of money for one device. My PS4 is was less and does a lot more for the price. I know the next gen will be improved but for what I'm sacrificing to kickstart it I'm pretty worried since so many reviews have stated concerns about their current field of view. I could care less about the 45 degree thing but do anticipate seeing at least a large 80" screen when looking through it. My current home setup is a Mitsubishi dlp 73" from 12 ft away and I love it. I want this to be a little bigger. Wouldn't Bluetooth for audio be a good stretch goal for 1,250,000? @Edward Murphy Thank you for your comment on your own experience, it helps those who can't get their hands on it before december. Would you say it's a good device for gaming, movies, reading, working? or all of that? Hi How many time mirrors can work before being ko ? @Gareth ah reet, I see now!! @markt, I think this happens when somebody has dropped out of the kickstarter and an opening appears, so if a couple of backers drop out they become available but I suppose your have to be quick or lucky to get in when it happens Ah it's changed now, obviously a blip!! @Avegant the pledge for a limited edition is showing that there are some available for the special edition but it won't allow me to select it. Is this a blip or are there more special editions available?? @Cesar. Thanks for your kind comments. The mirrors are extremely small. They're not glass...just tiny specs of aluminum on silicon structures. They can withstand 1,500g shocks! I can't imagine a scenario where they would break without extensive damage being done to the rest of the product. @avegant We haven't heard from you guys on here in awhile about some of these concerns. Could you address done of the question and issues? The way people are seeing this is really like a small screen, from description and images I thought this was supposed to be like a movie Theatre experience. It doesn't sound at all like a 80" screen from 8' away. Please answer some of our concerns. Hey everyone, my coworker and I went to the Cambridge (Boston) showing last night. I will say the units on display are showing their wear, but this is to be expected with the thousands of people taking them on and off, adjusting all the pieces, etc. The main point other than the fit (i had to keep a finger under the visor part to stay inline with my sight) is both the size and distortion I found. Like all of you, I hope for an amazing next gen, but right now you can get side fringing and warped borders. Generally I found the sides appear to warp inward a bit. The size looks about on par with my 27" monitor at home from about 6-8 feet away. A 30% increase in size would make this much more enjoyable for me. The 3D demo from Life of Pi worked great, so i'm excited for that ability. In all, the current model can't get past a "C" for a grade. Next gen I'm really hoping for a B+ : ) Great work guys, we are pulling for you! Thank you to whoever opened up the slot for the Special Kickstarter Edition. I'm not sure if you backed out or simple switch to the real deal. Thank you either way for allowing me to switch! @Richard I think it will work like any 3D display which is supported by MakeVR, but sure it will be much better :)) Will Glyph work OK with MakeVR? If so it would be a very cool combination. It'll be struggling to make its funding tho. @Glyph could you guys have a look at it and maybe give us an update if it looks like it would work OK as plenty if backers would benefit from it if they can work together well. Great Post Barry very easy to follow for us lay people. Any idea how sensitive the mirrors will be to being dropped? Perceptual image quality issues. My understanding of OLED vs DMD. The Sony HMZ-T3W uses two 1280 x 720 OLED display panels. These use red-green-and blue emitters arranged in a pattern. So each "pixel" is actually three sub-pixels spaced close together, but spatially offset from one another (just like virtually ALL conventional color displays). One consequence of this is an exaggerated “screen door” effect when one or two of the primary colors are dark. For example, on a solid green background, about two thirds of the display will be dark (the red and blue sub-pixels). As I understand it, the Glyph sequences red-green-blue LEDs on to the 1280 x 720 mirrors of the two DMDs. So, where the OLED can simultaneously be lit with all three colors, the DMD is only lit with one color at a time (but at a rate faster than your eye can see). The payoff for the sequential color DMD is that there are no sub-pixels. Each pixel is full-size regardless of the color being displayed. The main perceptual downside is that there can be temporal (motion) color artifacts (beyond the scope of this discussion). A DMD can still exhibit a screen door effect due to the small space between mirrors. But this is generally a non-issue with DMDs. A bigger issue is pixilation. This is a concern on ANY display when you get too close to it and start to see the pixels. That’s why going with too large of a FOV (field of view) can be a concern. The FOV essentially sets your virtual viewing distance. With high quality optics, a person with 20-20 vision will start to see pixilation on a 1280 x 720 display at about 45 degrees. In the Glyph, it’s a tradeoff between immersion (larger FOV) and image quality. Personally, I think they picked the right numbers. The other number they picked was the virtual screen size. While, for a fixed FOV, one could generate a virtual 80” display at 7 ft or an 800” display at 70 ft et al, there IS a difference in the viewing experience. The two main factors that control what the viewer sees are focus and vergence (how much the eyes cross). I believe that the Glyph will be set to 7 ft. BTW; this is also close to the human “resting” focal distance. Another good choice, IMO. Bottom line: All else being equal, the Glyph has the potential to produce a better looking image than the Sony at half the price. Time will tell. Ok next question. For the headtracking/accelerometers/motion sensing, will there be an sdk available for developers / backers? Will this sdk be available before, during, or after the sihpping phase? Will the sdk have any dependencies? @all I would love to hear about a wider fov also since all of the reviews are saying the fov is really too small. @avegant Is there any possible way to make that a possibility? Maybe as $1.25m stretch goal? $1m over your original goal is amazing and would hope maybe a technical upgrade could be done now? I would love to see FOV improving as a new stretch goal, I read about FOV comments and comparison to Oculus, and i don’t want that, i think it is good that this product focuses on existing media (video, music, gaming, 3D and maybe as a computer display) but closer to 60° would maybe be better. By the way for those who tested it: is it realistic as a computer or ipad display to work/read with? @All I'd still love to see the word Avegant going across the band, with the E lit up LED to match the colour of the side controls. Matte instead of glossy is what I meant. :) Just commenting with the others below. Matte over glossy finish would be fantastic. @Gareth I bought one a good couple of years ago, cost £1000 and like you said, very uncomfortable to wear. This should be a lot better quality. @markt, yes I have briefly tried a hmzt2 in a local sony centre, I found picture quality good but had nothing to compare it with but big negatives are comfort issues and of course the cost, to buy one in the uk £800-£900, to buy a used t2 you are still paying £400-£500+ this device + airplay would be the ultimate portable solution! A new stretch goal for initial goal + 1,000,000 would be nice! and it seems it's very close! @Roma I agree with Nicolas. You even have the option to pledge money and opt for no reward. I don't think anyone has "pledged" money to Amazon and expected to not get anything in return. In my mind, the Glyph (or the coffee, disc or whatever) is a "thank you" for the pledge, and you're not actually purchasing anything. @Roma i think you're missing KS point, where you indeed pledging for some reward tier (not necessarily an actual item) and you're not buying something. You help a creator team to achieve a project and get a reward eventually, if they make it @Gareth have you ever tried the Sony HTZ? @chen, thats the whole point of a beta version, so it can be out there for people who have invested in the kickstarter and willing to give feedback regarding the tech, comfort and other possible future improvements or possible upgrades prior to full market launch, I myself am a excited investor in this kickstarter. The retail will be tweaked based on our feedback, and their experience. In theory, shouldn't change too much. Biggest changes occur between prototype and beta. Once beta it tends to be minor tweaking only. @chen we aren't going to get anything other than the Beta version. A retail version would still be some way off I would imagine, so don't build your hopes up too much on that stretch target. @Mark I hope we can get a final version when Avegant get enough money/resource to shorten the schedule of buliding/enhancing Glyph beta :) *more @chen not sure what you mean, we will all be getting Glyphs who pledged $499 or move?? How about ... every backer (Pledge $499 or more) get a Glyph (No any other words like alpha, beta or so) for stretch goal at 2M? =) @Mark I can see how the taxes might hurt from what was said before. Hopefully they find a way to reduce/remove the burden. @Enrique I agree and just based on the Alpha is looks to be heading the right way. I think it'll definately be nicely refined by the release in december especially at the speed they are going at. @Mark I use HMZ T2 lying in my sofa It can not be used for a long time in a standing position, that's why I love Glyps's concept. Hmzt2 is expensive, I bought mine in Japan and with duties I payed less than 650 euros. Image quality is probably subjective, last week I saw last Star Trek in 3D and 3D effects were very good for me. Currently backers participate to give life to a concept, not a final product. Some things will have probably to be corrected or need to be enhanced. @jean, well that's why I backed. Mine was the HTZ1 so don't know what the 2nd generation was like. The deal breaker for me at this stage is defo going to be castings for tax etc!! If we don't have concrete info on that by day 2 I'm gonna have to bail! @Enrique I think you should be fine. I haven't seen it first hand, but from what has been said so far this is what we are getting. @Mark I can see how that might be a major let down, especially with the price. Until recently I didn't even know Sony had a headset similar to the Glyph. First time i spend this much money on a gadget so I hope I don't get let down. But from every thing I read this looks to be better than the HMZ and for less. Hi Well I just tested my HMZ T2 again but this time without plastic part allowing to be more in the dark. If Glyph is at least so good for image quality and has same FOV but is more comfortable and can be used everywhere I can say in my case that goal is reached for a beta version ! Hmzt2 gives really a sensation to be at cinema at the half of room It is what I want ! Oculus rift is also amazing but needs to be connected to a powerful computer and it is too immersive to be used outside. In my point of view Glyph's concept is perfect ! @jean well the price, as you say was one. I first tried it on a visit to New York, it was at the sony centre, I hadn't seen it before as it hadn't been released in the uk at the time. I sort of though this was cool and decided to look into one once I got home. I had to wait for 3 months as they were like gold dust in the UK, you just couldn't get one. I eventually managed to get one at a cost of £1000!! Once I got it home and tried to get it to sit right, I'd totally lost interest in it, it was that difficult to get it to sit right, so that you didn't get any blur down the sides. The picture quality was no where near that from my 1080p TV, the blacks were shocking, whites were off White and it just didn't have the sharpness that I had hoped for. It was also very uncomfortable to wear after say half an hour, it hurt the bridge of the nose, and you had to constantly re-adjust it to keep getting the best picture. Also the build quality I didn't think warranted a £1000 price tag. 3D wasn't fantastic either as you didn't get that immersion from it popping out of the screen, like you do with a proper tv. I think it was overrated, over priced and a total let down. Thankfully I managed to get all my money back from it once I sold it, but I was very very disappointed! @Mark What was disappointing? Honestly the price tag for me would have been a deal breaker right off the bat.. @All don't get me wrong, I'm still very excited about the Glyph, but just know how disappointed I was with the HTZ, I'd hate for that to happen again! @Jean-Guy +1 I think the FOV of the Glyph ist perfect for most applications. Its fit to working on a PC, watching videos or movies without the need of bouncing your view through the picture and 3D gaming is still very attractive. Im also proud of being a Avegant backer! @Dale Nothing concrete yet. But they'll have to decide soon aparently... @Jean-Guy +1 Hey guys, is there a stretch goal at 1.25M? @Anders if it compares to the HMZ, and from what I read most people who bought it enjoyed it. Imagine at half the price and using VRD instead of OLED without the extra battery pack... Makes me even happier to have backed the Glyph. @Mark T It's known that how large the picture is perceived to be (with HMZ) varies from person to person. Some see it as a big screen tv at close distance, some (me included) see it as sitting in the best spot in the cinema. When I first had used my HMZ for a couple of movies and then went to watch tv I was shocked how small the tv picture looked. It seems that Avegant thinks the beta Glyph will give similar experience to HMZ. @All I think for those that have never tried the HTZ should try and get to try one before the funding ends. I'm in no way doubting that the quality of the picture is far superior but this cinema screen affect didn't work for me!! Now this is my concern, as I did not think the HTZ gave that immersion of being in front of a big screen affect. It was more like a portable television 3 foot away, maybe a slight exaggeration but it certainly didn't feel like a cinema screen, if it did I would say it would be me sat at very back of the cinema, not in the middle!! Would be great if the Glyph does eventually include wireless audio over bluetooth, as my main use for the Glyph would be listening to music from my phone and laptop, and to do this without a wire would be perfect. @Michael, it's pretty much that simple. The lack of consumer protection on Kickstarter is compensated by either the idealism of backers or a discounted price or both. Regardless, you've got offer, acceptance and consideration and they're the elements of a commercial transaction. @Roma It's not that simple. If you buy something in a store, you do have a contract with your reseller. You have the right to return it within 14 days plus you get a guarantee on most of the things you buy. Backers of kickstarter projects give money to their favourites, let them work with their money and get a reward for letting them work with their money. @Nicolas, I went to a shop today. I gifted them some money and they gave me a product as my reward. I don't think I would have got my gift unless I gave them theirs. Does all that sound familiar? @Mark T So far it seems to me that alpha Glyph has a bit smaller picture than HMZ. That is what Jeff J said on the avsforum when he had checked out the Glyph at the Chicago event. He did previously use a HMZ. But I've seen it vaguely mentioned that the fov will probably be tuned for the beta. My hope is similar picture size to the HMZ. We really need a firm statement on this from Avegant! @All I think the question we need to be asking is how does the FOV and size of screen compare to the Sony HTZ. We all know the quality is far better, but the actual screen size?? That way those that have used the HTZ can compare, if you didn't like the HTZ and the Glyph is similar or smaller, then your defo not going to like it!! I'm getting rather concerned with the FOV comments. Avegant do you have a response? @Mark T +1 but I’m not sure with the Amazon solution, because when you order from Amazon US to EU you still get a high amount of taxes. A really good solution i read on this comments page was a Oculus Rift backer saying that they shipped it to a EU based company to dispatch to their backer, therefore no tax at all (it seems). I think this solution is really nice. I also came across other KS projects that send as gift due to the fact that it is considered as a reward. @All check this link <url>"free trade" though no idea if it'll count. I agree Jean-Guy, as regards shipping outside US and the dreeded import taxes, I think Avegant were thinking of using Amazon for distribution which maybe a way of getting round it? Pretty sure when they say immersion, they mean completely blocking out everything else. If you want to be in the middle of it all, and ignore everything. I'm pretty sure the glyph is out and you might want to get an Oculus instead. Personally for what I want to do with it (Gaming in 3d, working and watching movies) this is perfect. And portable to boot. @Mark@Christian Yeah I'm not sure anymore, I don't like the fact that it seems like your going to be sitting far away from the screen. I want it to be like its in front of me. And with @Avegant not responding about tying to have a meet up in the Maryland /DC area I may have to pull out ugh. I really want it but the reviews are saying its crisp and beautiful but to far away for immersion. I hope they can address this issue before the final countdown. @christian yeah I agree, I'd rather pay that amount for a full retail version, where if their are any issues with it I can take it back to the store. I really don't mind getting a beta version otherwise I wouldn't have backed it, but I really need to be sensible and think about my pockets rather than getting new technology in my hands. I'm really not sure how Avegant can sort this other than reducing the cost of the Glyph to the backers to compensate for that extra amount, but that would mean reducing cost for everyone to make it fair! @Mark +1 Sadly I have to wait for the retail version too if there is no chance sending it from within the eu. Another 160$ tax & duty is too much for a device declared as "beta". @Avegant sorry guys but if there is any news regarding shipping to EU before where down to day two I'm going to have to pull out, I'm quite sure from recent feedback that I won't be the only one. No pressure!! @James I think it's going to be very similar to the sony HTZ systems, but with much better clarity , sharpness and colour. I hated the HTZ is was far overpriced and very uncomfortable and difficult to get it set right on your head. Now for me it's going to all depend on shipping, as if I have to get stung for import tax etc I'm defo pulling out. It's really not worth it if it is going to be similar to the HTZ set up. But with a smaller picture. What I found was that yes it looked liked you were in your own theatre, but you were sat at the very back, so that's your immersion straight out the window!! I think for anyone expecting anything other than this affect then you should hold on until it comes to retail and you can return it if you don't like it!! @Avegant I absolutely can't wait to get my glyph, but in reviews I keep hearing the same thing, "it's like watching my big screen TV at home ", I was really hoping this was going to be more like sitting in a movie Theatre about mid way to close up, are you guys trying to mess with the fov or is that definitely out for the beta? I would really love more immersion. @All as for the battery life, come on guys. Present technology gives us enough ways to power our electronics. Just buy a powertube for about 40-50$ and get additional 12000mAh like with this one: EasyAcc® Super 12000mAh 4USB 3.5A Ausgang PowerBank Pack Handy Ladeg... <url>" work laptop monitor about 3" arms length away but at significantly lower res (i'm over 6 feet tall). For gaming, I would prefer my laptop for sure. I can give a more detailed review but not in a comment. I think it's still exciting tech (i'm not sure if its so new) and i'm excited to see where it goes. For 3D it's kinda cool too. don't forget about that. I kinda like the way it is now. I prefer they keep it simple with display, audio, mic and head tracking anything else will just bring the weight and cost up, and bringing the battery life down. People are already saying 3h of video isn't enough. Plus most of the features asked can be added with a simple smartphone. This is the first kickstarter I've funded, and let me tell you, your project/product looks great! I just had a minor question. I am planning to move before December of this year and just want to be sure that I can input my new shipping address when the time comes. An answer would be appreciated from any source, and keep up the good work guys. @Paul Kinnerson exactly, it would be nice if those who had the chance to experience it would share their feelings and how they would describe screen size, blur, movie + audio + game experience and ability to read any page or app. I read a lot of different reviews about screen size and readability. @Kevin Huang and Avegant Is it possible that the size will be perceived differently for people with diffent visions? How big did you think it looked? 40" 50" 60"..? Or close to the 80" they say? @Zachary mic with in game chat capabilities confirmed already .they should add it to the FAQ though. This user's account has been deleted. Forgot ask... possible mic? FaceTime Skype possibilities =) I can not wait to get my Glyph. I have been experimenting creating interactive stereoscopic 3D 360° panoramic movies and wonder what they look like on the Glyph. <url>" tv and the glyph seems to be the perfect solution for home, work and travel. There are only few think that i would appreciate on this headset: The possibility of turn off the LED(as you said being 'that' guy on a plane isn't so nice) and a removable microphone for gaming sessions. I can only wish you good luck with this amazing project, i think that the glyph can reach every home worldwide! ( sorry for my bad english) @Avegant Thanks for your reply and a belated well done on cruising past $1M :o) @Avegant any more thoughts on international shipping ? Would it be possible to ship these from within the EU ? If you saw my earlier calculations, it makes it financially unviable otherwise for European backers (certainly in the uk), to ship from the USA, as approximately 50% will be added in various duties and taxes. I'd hate to have to pull out of this because I really believe in the product, but need to know options/possibilities before we are financially committed at the end of this KS campaign. @Enrique or anyone who has used the glyph. If I got a glyph it would be for home use only. I have an 80inch tv. How do you think the glyph would compare to just siting close to my television? Should I invest or just move my chair forward? @germx That's pretty much my thought too. I plan on using it on my PC at home and possibly at work. My only issue is headtracking and how I might be able to get a virtual desktop the size of a wall or something. As for 3d, I have AMD and in theory if I can get 3d movies, or a 3d convertor software for games I should be set. I see this as something that could not only replace my PC monitor completely, but surpass it in every way. Less desktop space required and actual 3D. I do wonder how performance in games will be affected due to resolution and similar, also eagerly awaiting any words on 3D vision. I hope this is a valid idea, and that this device is not only for those traveling wanting a mini-cinema for their phone/tablet. @Steve could you elaborate on your findings for the rest of us please. Thanks. I have tested the Glyph and it is AWESOME. I bought two so I wouldn't have to share with my wife :) Congrats on getting to $1 mil Avegant! Well deserved. @Michael Kim Sorry about your eye strain problems man. Grabbed your slot in the KS Edition. Thanks! @Don Gravity would rock in a Glyph Hello, Well today I had chance to test Occulus rift FOV is incredible and immersion is great ;) I tryed some demos and 3D videos from youtube I can now compare it with HMZ T2 (I own one) and tell what I think or expect of Glyph in beta version (HMZ has a similar FOV) * something really comfortable in pure audio mode / video mode * to not be cut from world (with Rift you are completly closed from what can happens outside) * good video quality even for beta (it seems that is already the case) * can be used everywhere (do not need to plug to electrical power) I think really that Glyph will be perfect to use it everywhere and that it has an innovative way for displaying (I love the concept) So for people that are backers for Glyph : you made the good choice but do not expect to get a copy of Rift or HMZ ! Avegant team I'm more entousiast to test product than ever ! Hi all, I tried the Glyph yesterday at the SF show and tell. I can indeed confirm the picture quality is astounding. It does not feel like looking at a screen at all, more like looking through a HD telescope at a real subject if that makes sense. The no cross-talk 3D = real life. It's a bit disorienting at first, I think that's because the way I can tell something is 3D (in normal theaters, TV, etc.) is by noticing the cross talk actually. So because the glyph doesn't have any crosstalk, at first you're like: is this really 3D? then you see that it is and your jaw just drops. The peripheral vision is awesome and I can see why they wanted it there. Some people have commented on the FOV and for me, after I got used to the technology, there was absolutely no issue getting immersed in the picture. Which is what the FOV issue is all about to begin with. To be fair I had a little extra time with the glyph probably than most because I got there early and got to play with it a little longer, so I had more time to adjust to the technology. BUT I have chronic eye strain issues with LED and LCD screens, and unfortunately my eyes did NOT like the Glyph either. So if you're like me and you've been considering this device in hopes of relieving eye strain, it may or may not be for you. Due to this I will be backing out of this kickstarter. It really sucks because the image quality really is next gen and I can see myself using this as my goto display if eye strain was a non issue. 1 Kickstarter Special Edition available in 3..2.. I haven't seen Avatar yet because I lack the setup to see it effectively. The Glyph will alter that reality. :-) Any other suggestions for movies that would seem made-for-Glyph? I just back today and can't wait to receive mine. I am particularly interested in using this on the plane with my Android tablet or phone. Does anyone have a suggestion on which HDMI adapter to us? I have a Galaxy 7 and an LG G2. I saw the Glyph's response on the reddit review. Way to stay classy, guys. Glad I backed. @Paul Kinnerson Check out that guys reddit comment/post history. Seems to be hard core VR and Occulus Rift fan, and not keen on HMD's in general. So, it's not surprising he isn't keen on the glyph. That being said, a friend did try it in Austin and made a similar comment that it was like watching a nice TV through binoculars, then said that made it sound worse than it actually is and didn't think I was wasting my money if a HMD was what I wanted and had use-cases for it. Also echo'd some discomfort wearing it/adjusting it, which has been repeatedly addressed by Avegant and other people who tried it. I can't see the good reviews being staged, we'll probably see more when they hit NYC. @Avegant & @All Congratulations on breaking the 1Mil Barrier :) 14 days to go lets shoot for 2Mil and a few "doable" Stretch goals ... can't wait to put my hand on my special edition Glyph. @Sean, normally if you want multiple pledge levels you increase your pledge amount by the amount of the other pledge levels and at the end you fill out some kind of survey to indicate what the money is for. So if you want a glyph and a disc you'd increase your pledge $524, but leave your pledge level selection (ie, glyph beta kickstarter edition) untouched. I was one of the first few backers and I'm eagerly awaiting the Dec ship date. I would also like one of the disc golf disc.. can these be purchased separately or is it really just the Glyph or the disc? Can you add a additional pledge level that has both? (If so will that effect my backer number) Or maybe a strech goal :) @Paul He is certainly entitled to his opinion and it's a different point of view. Perhaps with the better fit promised his experience would have been better. As for FOV issues, it depends what you expect and what you get. He says the Occulus is huge because it has such high FOV. As it should considering you're supposed to get immersed completely. And that's why you get so many videos of people getting all wobbly using it. Congratulations to the Avegant team and my fellow backers on getting this past the $1M mark. What do guys think about this terrible review? Not to put anyone off from all the superb reviews but is it possible they're staged. Its so much hype and so little definitive hands on experiences. With the road show its seems there should be so much more. Just read it and see what I mean. <url>"reward", so it should be morally okay to mark it as "Gift". Not sure if UK custom will charge how much for a gift... Since not soooo many UK backer (compare to stuff like Pebble) so maybe it will "escape" the eagle eyes of custom? haha! just my thought.... Eliah Chen, being Asian myself, I wonder type of problem you had that it wasn't toggled for Asian faces. Was it face issue or was it related to the head shape? I know about head shape issue (Asian heads are more rounded) when I was shopping for a bike helmet here in US. But I hope that they would work on that! as far as the detachable headband/weight distribution issue, have you guys considered adopting a double headband design like this then making only the top part come down as the visor? <url>£123.88 + £40 (for handling/courier) = £163.88. Convert that back into dollars = $267.25, which is almost 50% on top of the original pledge (inc non US shipping), giving a total of $816.25 or almost exactly £500 sterling !!! I might not be able to justify this as I hadn't taken this huge overhead into account. :o( @Avegant is there a way to ship them from within the EU ? @Dave the handling fee by the courier would be around the £40 mark, I posted the import tax and vat calculation a couple of days ago on here. Though I didn't work it out as being classed as headphones. Once you add the £40ish to the 67.33 your still looking at an additional £100 plus on top, which is still quite a bit. Avegant have stated that they are looking into ways to resolve this issue but it's going to take a few weeks at least to sort out, it was talked about in the recent update. @All @Avegant I did a calculation of Import Duty and VAT into the UK, using the calculator at <url>£123.88 in fees in import charges, if the Glyph is categorised by Avegant as 'Video Display Glasses' (which would seem the most appropriate product category). However, if the Glyph can be categorised as 'Headphones', then no Duty is payable and the VAT drops to £67.33, which is still a significant amount, but not quite as bad ! See the 'Video Display Glasses' illustration here : <url>£40 for me on top of everything else!! @Mark Thanks. I guess we have to wait what they're saying. With german import duty I would probably pay 675$ instead of 549$. So ~126$ duty & tax. @Christian Avegant have already stated they will look into what they can do to reduce the fiscal burden. I very much doubt they have decided how they can do this yet, as I only brought it to their attentions yesterday. Can we get an official statement regarding duty & tax? Avegant - Love the info graphic animations in your video. I would like to use the designer for some animations for a theatre project that I'm launching on kickstarted. Can i have the name of the design team or person please? Thanks a lot!!!!!! You guys are so close to the $1,000,000 mark! So excited for you guys and I'm sure overwhelming for you guys too! I've watched/read all the reviews/interviews and I really really hope you can find someway to make it into Maryland. Would love to meet you guys and pick your brains and get to check out this amazing tech. @Avegant Is there a timeframe on when we can expect your website to be updated with video and gallery of the road shows? I've been checking daily on mobile and still haven't found anything. Still trying desperately to get MKBHD on board to do an interview/hands on. I won't give up because I know how much publicity its going to bring. I know he's seen my request by now as much as I've been messaging him invrvery way possible. Maybe if you have joined LinkedIn (paid) you can get a response because he is on there also. Marques Brownlee - He absolutely loves pixels so this tech should entice him. @Richard, no worries. Thanks for that. Most of the grey is about local customs people enforcing the rules. They're human and make mistakes and some backers get lucky. @Roma Having revisited my earlier post, I think I was perhaps a bit rude! Thanks for providing the link. Seems a little bit of a grey area in some respects. Yeah, I'm expecting this to be just under 770$ in total for Sweden. I really hope that's a worst-case scenario. It's good that the question of international taxes is being discussed now. If a $499 item ends up costing someone in the EU the equivalent of $800 without them realising it, that's a recipe for much dissatisfaction. There will be only so much that Avegant can do to reduce the extra costs without breaking any laws. Good on them for saying they'll look at this and I hope they'll put something on the project's home page about it. @Don, I can't really say for certain about the specifics. I'm not really an engineer just speaking from what I think I understand for what DLP does. So if the mirror is turned away presumably that light is just getting reflecting into the back of the unit, i.e. back at where the LEDs themselves (or in most DLP projectors the color wheel) would be.It's probably not contributing all that much light back into the system, though.I think it's really more just about the minute spacing between those mirrors which would let some small amount of light through.You might be able to just put a filter in place to partially lower the overall light level to compensate for the small bleed-through, which might affect overall contrast (aka white level) but with this kind of tech probably wouldn't affect if overly much. It sounds to me like what they are doing is going to be plenty bright already, with a good contrast ratio, but I'm no engineer, that's for sure, and I could well be completely misunderstanding the tech as well. So please take that all with a grain of salt. You should be able to find some websites which go into more depth about DLP technology that might explain it better than I can, though. It sounds like it's not a huge problem and Avegant has obviously told us they are working on some ideas on it as well, so personally I'm not too worried about it at all. I actually think it will probably look better than my DLP projector does and I love the black levels I get from my DLP projector, for whatever that's worth. @Avegant I think it would be legal to specify a value as low as the bill of materials a Glyph costs. The difference to the 499 is the gift from us backers to you. But you should check this with some lawyers. I paid precisely £0.00 import duty on my Oculus Rift, due to fact that it shipped from within the EU...if this is at all possible with the Glyph it would be greatly appreciated. @Avegant thanks for looking at this for us and very much appreciate it!! This sort of changes things for me a bit, as that close to Christmas I can do without getting a tax bill for this amount, as well as getting handling fees from the courier...... It's gonna end up being close to £200. @Avegant looks like I may have to back down, sorry guys!! I've just done a calculation of tax etc and for those living in the UK we will have to pay an additional £122.90. This does not include the admin fee that FedEx or any other courier will charge us. If the amount of the product is stated less on the shipping label than what we paid, then the tax would be less. Anything under £40 would not be liable for tax!! @Mark, sorry if that sounded patronising. @Richard, no I don't work for UK Customs. I am speaking from experience as a Kickstarter backer. If you're interested read this <url>£100 for us to pay to customs. Thanks, Lenny. I think I get it. The light source is not modulated at all. It's the two state mirrors that do a kind of pulse width modulation of the constant source (by color) that reaches them. That requires they be completely dark when turned away to get black and I'll bet that even when turned away some small amount of light is diffusely reflected back from them as well as from the inter-mirror area. That could be a tough nut to crack for improvement. Do you know where the light that is turned away from projection goes? Could that also contribute to the light that reaches the eye that shouldn't? @Don Gateley: If I understand DLP technology correctly then I believe the issue is that the LEDs are not on or off per pixel, they are strobed on or off based on which mirrors need to show which color, and they strobe VERY quickly. So black is created by simply having the mirror for the pixel that is supposed to be off simply not flip into a position to show light through it. However, there is still a very, very tiny gap between mirrors so some light will bleed through that gap. So compared to, say, LCD the black levels should be really good, but possibly not as good as something like an LED display, although there are some ways to might be used to help mitigate what bleedthrough there is, which I think is what Avegant is saying they've been looking into. With any tech there are usually certain tradeoffs and not having a perfect black level is one of those for DLP (but it's still massively better than LCD and many non-videophiles won't ever notice that slight bleedthrough.) @AC yes and the reason is that the porthole is in native resolution (no resampling) So close to $900k, the crowd funding is going amazing for you guys, congrats! @Eric: Hopefully there will be a way to enable a dark mode with no LEDs since I can see that annoying people on a red-eye flight or in my case an early morning (4:30am) bus ride to my worksite. @don Good point, I'm curious as we'll now. Any chance you will consider not using Blue LEDs? they are way too bright for use on a flight at night when the whole cabin have been dimmed. I have a noise cancelling headphones with blue LEDs on the side and they are really distracting to the person sitting next to me. Thanks. @Germx Hey, some kids got it that way. @C. Keller The whole point of integrating the battery into the unit is so that you don't have carry around an external batterypack. They specifically said they do not want you to have to carry anything else other than the unit, and your media device. The answer about black levels in the Q&A left me puzzled. When the image is created by projecting modulated LEDs why isn't black... well, BLACK? No photons at all come from an LED that is off so are the LEDs never really off for some reason or is diffuse ambient light hitting the mirrors and getting to the retina or... ? i am not a backer just yet, 20 days to decide and Dec 2014 is so far off to wait... I would be interested in seeing comments/feedback from CONSUMERS on the following DUMB???? thoughts of mine: 1) what about no battery at all in the headset from Avegant? They could run a small cable from a headset plug to an external battery-pack unit worn by the user as a "fanny pack," "backpack," or other tethered portable unit? (batteries size/type/number/weight could be put in by the end user or purchased from Avegant directly as well. 2) same scenario, but now, take out the long HDMI "cable" and instead plug it into a similar "pack" that contains a wireless signal video/audio system. (personally, i find bluetooth's range MUCH to restrictive, why not wifi or 2.4ghz or 5 ghz ....) Size/weight is not as much of a concern in a "backpack" or is it? my 2 cents.... @Mark T, thanks for info; that's good news for me! @Chuck in the Q&A on Reddit they stated you could switch it off when needed! Feature Request: Be able to turn OFF or dial-down Noise Canceling. Back Story: I recently purchased high-end noise canceling headphones (generally rated best at noise canceling) and was surprised to find that the noise canceling on those headphones makes me motion sick. I have an older pair of noise canceling headphones with lower level of noise canceling that does not leave me feeling motion sick. I've learnt that I’m not alone on this; apparently a certain percentage of people are negatively impacted by high-rate noise canceling headphones. I've stopped using my new headphones because there is no option to turn OFF or dial-down noise canceling. I’m a boater & pilot that almost never gets motion sick even in worst of conditions but high noise canceling hits me hard. I look forward to receiving my KickStarter Glyph in December; hopefully with inclusion of my feature request! <url>"a la carte" additions for an extra unit. 100% agree , was a complete blast , certainly one of my more memorable afternoons with kikstarter , great stuff guys , love n peace from UK , john I have to say the Q&A session on Reddit is really good and informative. Why u have not done pledges with two glyph bete or more? Creators are on Reddit right now answering questions. Here is the link: <url>" TV, put your eye 44" away. Really like the idea of the project, it looks really cool! I would like to see/hear/read more detailed hands-on reviews and articles! :) Is there a good way to replicate/illustrate what the image will look like when wearing the glyph? Was already calculating the 80inch 8 feet away thing to the size of my monitor but it's still not too clear what it will be like :) @ryan Glpyh: Dead Space edition. I like it. It gives it context so it looks more like it's supposed to be worn that way as opposed to looking like I'm wearing my headphones the wrong way. @Mark Man its all a matter of opinion and although anything extra could be called unnecessary the way our Beta mockups look it would be fine but on the other hand the mockups with the companies name or the one with just the E looks awesome. I on the one hand think it would be better than the engraving at a mil. I wouldn't mind the choice of engraving across the headband personally. And I'd probably engrave "Days Of Future Past" across it if given the chance. You could always get it airbrushed too which could have the potential of creating something great with the right imagination. For those commenting about slapping a logo across the front: it's completely unnecessary. Anyone seeing you wear this in public will ask you about it. Your own experience and enjoyment of the product will be what someone remembers, not a name across the visor. It's a high-end product that will WOW people, and with that I hope the design is kept clean and simple. I guess; the ability to look at a big picture through a porthole... For some reason @Kalus: D'oh. How stupid of me. I'm afraid I don't understand what it is you are asking for. @Don: Of course Glyph has to resample/downscale 1080p movies to its native resolution, because this is the format delivered by Bluray etc. That's a must for entertainment. What i meant is an additional mode supporting one virtually big screen by showing headtracked cutoffs in *full detail* @Kalus: Wish I could be that liberal but if it doesn't resample input to its native resolution it isn't a viable product even at the beta level. The developer Rift considered it essential and I strongly believe the Glyph should too. Enough so that if it impacts delivery, so be it. Actually I wouldn't have even thought to question that capability. @Don i made only suggestions to think about. This one is for using (this 720p) Glyph at business or productive enviroments (rather than entertainment), which i could really consider. But only Avegant has the ability to estimate the effort. This shall not risk the actual estimated delivery date. Did a similar with Avegant. Avegant i a bit long tho, I centered the E and... well you'll see. <url>"GLYPH". Didn't turn out quite as imagined but... while we wait for better ones: <url>"stale." I usually copy so I can paste back in such an event but failed to do it this time. If it isn't too late I'd like to see a stretch thing that adds a pair of stick on open foam pads. I absolutely hate the feel and sweat that something smooth like leatherette causes. If it causes the acoustics to change, which it will, there should be a way from a host to select DSP equalization for with and without the breathing pads. That requires no hardware change, just a simple firmware change and requires a host app that can parameterize the device which I assume must exist already and if not it definitely should for all kinds of future customization purposes. @Ry great mock-up! Alpha-numeric! @Everyone Else - this is not the size it has to be or the coloring or anything, he did a mock up to visualize a potential design. They could also make this optional (meaning you could turn it off within the headset's visual menu). I think it would be great to have a nice small logo or "Avegant" on the strap that lit up the same color as the led around the wheel. This would be a truly awesome stretch goal I could get behind. @Ryan the mock up looks really good, the LED could be the same colour as the wheel, so those who are lucky enough to choose their colour would have the logo with that colour. I really wish Avegant would allow us all to choose our LED colour. I'm Not that bothered about the cable colour. @Ryan, please only the E @Justin - exactly my thoughts. It's a blank canvas, the logo/design would indeed make it iconic. People would recognize the logo after a while. If it is blank they would just think some idiot pulled his headphones over his eyes to try and sleep. Here is a quick mock up of what I was talking about (I'm no artist so please don't flame): Something with the name like this: <url>"E": <url>"Glyph" in a well styled font, that glowed while using it would be great. Think about how iconic the glowing apple on MacBooks have become - this could be as equally iconic for this brand. Lets* Sounds like a terrible idea, letters leave it looking classy, or maybe just get a deal made to put on it if that's what your looking for. @Ryan Man that's the best idea yet. You ate right it does look pretty empty on the visor side. Led would drain battery though so maybe the engraving can be put across the Headband instead. I'd love... <url>#post_24285749 @Avegant Any luck getting in touch with Marques Brownlee MKBHD @Bryan Man you are lucky. I wish they would come to New Orleans. Comic Con is this weekend and I'm sure plenty of nerds including me would love to get their hands on this baby. I believe its at the convention center here in New Orleans Feb 7, 8, & 9th. How close is the new prototype in design to the new renders on their site? Your comment made me even more excited. I couldn't ask for more. I have an external 10000 mah battery pack the size of a 5" phone that I'm going to use for extra juice. Gonna make a battery clip holster out of its neoprene case and an old phone case. Thanks for the clarification, I was hopeful. So it still cycles but the duty rate is way faster than a wheel could be? @faye - No color wheels in the Glyph. We use a 3 color LED that runs way faster. In DLP projectors with a single white light source, there is a color wheel spinning which determines the color of light reflected, usually with four or more passes required to build up the picture in full color. As someone sensitive to flickering displays, is this how the product works, or is a color display created in some other way? @Brian - Thanks for stopping by! It was great to meet you and show you the current prototypes. @All Went out to check out the Glyph at the Chicago Roadshow tonight... Truly an amazing product. Great turnout, too. I know a lot of the concerns from the community here have been about the FOV. While the image doesn't fill your vision (nor is it supposed to), it is the right size to process it all at once. The picture is extremely crisp all the way to the edge and there is no need to look around to see the whole image. After using it, I understand Avegant's hesitation in making it larger--it may actually detract from the experience. Overall, very comfortable viewing, very pleased with the audio. It is a great product that will only get more refined over time. They have a very clear path forward with the product and my opinion is that we should not pressure them for additional engineering changes in the Beta. I'm positive they're capturing the feedback, though, and they may integrate it into a future revision. Just keep in mind that the product we're going to get is a Beta and our feedback on it will help drive the next version. If you can get to a Roadshow, I'd highly recommend it. It was great to meet some of the team and experience the product. @Paul no problem dude! @Justin Catalano No offense just capitalized to get attention for those that missed my reply from yesterday. Was in no way ranting. Lol sorry for his it may have seemed. Super psyched about thus device and just trying to help spread the word as it was not updated in the FAQ last time I checked about in game chat using mic. Carry on! I read some people still asking for in game chat. IN GAME CHAT IS INCLUDED ALREADY IN THE GLYPH WE ARE GETTING. Was told directly by Avagant. although i couldn't care less about whats going on w/ stretch goals; who wants to bet the fact that the backing for the day is half what it has been for the last week has something to do with the lame MILLION dollar mark announcment...? So, they did finally put up some FAQ section. @Brian It was something that should have been posted in an update. I do not have the time to check the comments section. I get an email about updates not comments. Plus, the questions I was asking were not answered per say. @Paul - settle down there. I see people asking for Bluetooth for chat as well as questions about how the mic will function during use. Let's keep the discussion positive and try to answer questions (even if they are duplicates). I read some people still asking for in game chat. IN GAME CHAT IS INCLUDED ALREADY IN THE GLYPH WE ARE GETTING. Was told directly by Avagant. Custom engraving is a great way to diminish resale value...unless, maybe, you're famous.. Engrave 'Glyph', but not as a stretch goal. Paradox: What about a discount as a stretched goal ? Got an idea for your next project: add the reverse, a retina scanner, and you have a high security device. Hi, I agree with many others. A better stretch goal would be send them before December. The engravin, yeah, cool, but it's simply a nice to have, doesn't add any value and leaving it aside won't reduce our excitation as having the Glyph in our hands as soon as possible. Keep doing such a great job guys. Perhaps a cool stretch goal might be going to 1080p per eye. Is it feasible ? Is it desirable ? I'll admit that I don't know enough about the technology to say one way or the other. Perhaps that is the Mk2 version or beyond. I know it's not the same, but the difference between "retina' and 'non retina' Apple devices means that I don't want to go back to a non-retina screen. I can see the difference and it makes for a better experience, despite the technical difficulties to manufacture such a device. Just a suggestion btw. @lenny Zimmerman Well said, couldn't agree more with your statement. @Constantine Perepelitsa - You mean you didn't back with the logical expectation of sidewinder missiles as an unannounced stretch goal? And to join in the rest of the discussion - I agree about the stretch goals, maybe between now and actual production Ti will come out with a newer/better micro-mirror assembly that could give an increased FOV or better (than the supposedly awesome already) resolution. Time will tell, but regardless of any stretch goals (except the original noise-cancelling), I'm very much looking forward to the product I backed - especially if they can keep to their timetable. Congrats on the progress so far, and all the success with this Kickstarter campaign. @Richard: I think generally the point of stretch goals in most projects is that they are used as a way to incentivize and encourage further backers and/or backing at a higher level. In other words to raise even more money from the project and maintain interest during the run of the Kickstarter. So while I would agree that they are certainly not some kind of requirement or necessity, they are a potential way for Avegant to drum up more interest while also potentially gaining a bit of extra goodwill with existing backers by throwing in what we in New Orleans call "lagniappe"... a little something extra, like adding an extra doughnut when you order 12 to make it a "baker's dozen". I'm fine with nothing more being added, but it's also become something of a standard to see stretch goals in Kickstarter campaigns so I don't think it's unwarranted for folks to speculate and/or toss out ideas for them. Hey, guys. Just wanted to say that I'm very grateful that you understand the importance of shipping a high quality product and not overcommitting on the bells and whistles. That's the best kind of assurance I could hope for that you have a highly experienced and competent team. Please continue to resist the pressure to ship earlier than you are comfortable / adding unnecessary doodads like cupholders and sidewinder missiles. Thanks! @Richard You're absolutely right. I was just kidding, I know it's a long journey for Avegant, and I wouldn't be too hard on them. @Avegant It has been asked before, but not properly answered. Where can we buy stock of your company (we backers know your company is gonna grow fast)? I would immediately buy some (a lot)! As others have already said… any further stretch goals are a bonus. I backed this project on its merits as originally described. The case is a nice addition as it'll save me buying one separately. I'd be happy to receive my glyph as described, fully working in december - nothing more. I don't see the point of adding stretch goals for the sake of stretch goals, if they don't add value or aren't realistic then it's pointless to me. Running the risk of sounding ungrateful… I'd ask that Avegant forget the engraving idea or at the very least provide an opt out. It's certainly not something that appeals to me. @Chung If thats possible PLEASE! @Chung I don't know about you but I want one that works, not an empty box!! $1m stretch goal..... Ship it out to all backers on Q2.....? :-/ @Krishoth yeah loads, that's why we have all backed it!! Has the device shown any retina damage or any such damage to the eyes? @Mark I completely agree, it would definitely make for an awesome stretch goal instead of an engraving that from what I see almost no one wants. Hopefully they can figure out if it's feasible and integrate that for us. @James yes I agree. I have contacted Avegant direct and asked them this question. If it is possible for them to increase the FOV to an extent before any deterioration takes place I think it would justify the stretch goals a little more. But again it's all about balancing the specs, but only Avegant know what is actually possible. That was a good video to watch, gives us some insight into what a tester is seeing. Would also like to know if they are checking into larger fov since that seemed to be the only complaint. @All check out this link for a video interview on Glyph. <url>"a la carte" folks could get more than just one sticker to keep things fresh. In the FAQ the Bluetooth 4.0 is mentioned. A reasonable stretching goal would be the support of Bluetooth Audio. In this way it could double as a Wireless Headset. Let's not risk getting the Glyph delayed if there are accessories that are already immediately which solve potential problems people might have with the kickstarter version. Mics - dx.com , search for XTY Mic. Cheap, with good reviews. If you're looking for something more solid, google ModMic. Both places take a while to ship though. ~2 weeks at least. HDMI Cables - monoprice.com. Really cheap cables in any length you could possibly want. Battery - There are plenty of MicroUSB compatible portable batteries out there for smartphones/tablets that would probably work with the Glyph. @avegant I would love a gloss black version with red led and red cable, any chance of this possibly being part of the stretch goal?? @Christian thanks for the link, it's interesting viewing. When discussing the immersion side of things, I personally would not be using the glyph on the bus, most likely it would be when at home. So I hope they are able to do something with the design that would allow very little outside light to distract you from what your watching. I owned the sony HTZ head display and the fact that it let so much light in totally spoilt the immersion for me and I sold it after having it for only 1 month. I also would not really want an engraving put onto it, regardless of whether it's part of the stretch goal. I hope they ask people if they want it in the email prior to shipping. I'm thinking something like this would be awesome as a nice little stretch goal - <url>"laws of physics" so to speak. So I'm trying to answer the question, what's the most awesome stretch goals we can realistically expect of a startup with 5 dudes in 10months (I'm not even sure if delivering on their original promises in 10months is realistic and it would be a great feat if they were to do so, IMO). Especially regarding the size and design of the device. The build quality of this thing is going to be extremely important, and it's going to be very hard to achieve greatness there. Just look at the first gen pebble. That thing is like a little toy for kids @James I'm not a fan of built in mic's for chat :/ for noise canceling sure, but for chat I find that corded mic's work far better. Portable USB battery would be great but I think it will add too much work as I'm sure Avegant would like to have a say in the quality/type of unit, which would be a whole separate development issue. I don't believe it's as easy as just throwing in a 3rd party charger, and I assume cost would be an issue even if they were to go that route. It already has a built in mic that can be used for chat. I'd like maybe a portable USB battery to extend the life of the unit when we're on the go. I'm already backing these guys just to use with this <url>"got" improved sound including noise cancelling, additional colours to choose from and a carrying case, none of which were included when I pledged. Would it be cool if they included 72hr battery, dual HD cameras, 360 FOV, free trade-in for retail and a matching colour-coded Ferrari 250 GTO? Yes, but all of that requires engineering work and budget that has not been planned and would be difficult to fit into the existing timeline...we need a bit of realism here. For my money, I'm more than happy with the product as offered (and pledged for), and I appreciate the *free* extras that have been provided. Keep up the awesome work Avegant! @Lenny, Sorry, didn't mean to be that negative about the Rift. It's still the big thing for VR, and cheaper. But I meant for me in particular. VR has far to go before I see any good use for it in games (some exceptions). I would mostly be interested to use this device connected to my PC. Playing games, watching movies. So what I want is great sound, great picture (with 3D for games and movies) and a mike. Ofc I don't mind head-tracking in the games that support it, but I'm not going to hook it up to a Omni anytime soon :) But yeah, I guess Rift is more immersive with the fov and the closed-up-ness, stop making me want to buy both :< OK I'm done worrying about it now, just was excited last night to wake up this morning to see an update and then was severely disappointed. I guarantee that if you came back and said you'd add a mobile battery pack to every order or a couple different size hdmi cables that no one would complain about that, it would be an added bonus that would be like an actual reward for going $750,000 over what you were originally looking for. @Avegant The way I feel about this is that your offering an amazing high end mobile device. Let's not make it cheap looking by putting an advertisement for kickstarter on the side of it. @Avegant: This is Kickstarter, not Amazon. Stretch goals are of course optional, but they exist because you've reached your funding goal to research and deliver the product, and now that you have (exceedingly) more money, you can do more to "Kickstart" development. We are all here to help develop the product, but you seems set on thinking this is Amazon. Lame stretch goals, I'd almost you not even offer them if you are not going to actually STRETCH! @Brian I'm happy to be getting this reward in general, but I really hope I don't have to have a number and the word kickstarter engraved on my unit.... err... *I* very much look forward to both, that is. Also on the engraving thing, add my vote to the "meh" crowd as well. The extra rewards for stretch goals are just that--extra. You're still getting in early on an awesome technology, and Avegant is simply sharing some of their success. Hopefully you didn't sign on for the extras, you signed on for the original reward. Don't bite the hand that feeds you, as they say. @germx: I wouldn't say the Glyph has everything the Oculus Rift has (or will have, at any rate) but better and cheaper. In fact there is a lot the Rift has and/or will have that could be considered better, such as a wider field of view, likely an even more responsive head tracking and so on and for probably around only $300 rather than $500. However it also won't be using the kind of display method the Glyph uses (with all of the "wow" factor that I've seen from folks who've seen both the Glyph and the latest Rift prototype), the lighter, sleeker design, and the wireless, or relatively low wire at any rate, format of the Glyph and it's included headphones. To my mind they are two different products that serve two different, if somewhat overlapping, markets. Want the best VR experience? Get a Rift. Want the best multimedia experience? Get a Glyph. Personally I expect to have both and expect I will be using them based on which is better for what I want to do at any given time. So more likely the Rift for gaming and the Glyph for more passive media experiences. U very much look forward to both! @Mark T The engraving is what they are talking about doing at $1m.... Feels kind of sub par I agree, the engraving thing to me is a waste of a stretch goal and doesn't really take into consideration the amount of support and backing people are giving. At 1000000 what are we gonna get? A packet of m&m's?? And even if you could have a custom engraving I can't think of anything I would really want on mine so it would be a lost reward. I don't know, hopefully they take a poll or something before they finalize this idea. Edit: production time @Jan I think maybe A custom engraving of something you want would maybe be cool, but not your backer number and the word kickstarter.... I mean I don't want the random number 352 on the side of my unit. Like I said something we could use that wouldn't add to production tone would be nice. @james I agree with you .......... Sorry Avegant @James I don't totally agree with you. Engraving is a cool thing, but it would be awesome to get a battery pack. Hmmm I hate to say it but I'm pretty disappointed with this goal. I would be more in line with a shorter and longer hdmi included or a portable battery pack. I feel like this is a high end portable media player, adding a number on the side and the word Kickstarter, in my mind, is like taking a fine aged steak, cooking it to perfection, then dumping ketchup on it... If this is what we can expect at one million I hope there's an option to not have it included. Id rather see any cost that this might incur be used towards something more practical. Just my opinion. @Bryan I second those goal suggestions! My friend told me not to get his "because the occulus i cooler an cheaper". But seems to me like this really has everything the occulus has, but better and more! And I'm sure most would want to upgrade to the "final release" once it's done, so any incentive about upgrading is excellent as people might "wait for the final release" otherwise. Just because you call it a beta. Hope backers could get the official release edition by exchange(maybe with a fair fare) or a major discount Would you make a I/O port for future extend application? @Jian You can buy a random power pack (as long as it has micro-usb support. How about the stretch goal of throwing in a power pack so that Glyph can be used during the entire coast-to-coast flight. Like others before me, I'd like to see backers get a discount on the final product. It seems to be far away in the distant future, and with all the possible improvements (better battery life, greater view angle and higher resolution, cameras, WiDi, etc.) it looks like it might be substantially different from the beta. I also find it interesting that you call it a beta when other companies would be satisfied with it as a retail product. It tells me you're a bunch of perfectionists with great attention to detail. Patience is a virtue, and I can't wait to see what the production model will look like! And while I wait, I'll have what's possibly the world's most polished beta prototype to play with! How about offering pre orders for a unit or more? Personally the stretch goal I would like to see would be the elimination of the "The real deal!" level, and give everyone the options offered for the "Glyph Beta Special Kickstarter Edition". People should definitely be careful about asking for anything that tweaks the base design of the headphones/glyph. That is how you introduce potentially massive product delays which infuriates backers down the line. Nevermind, found the specs somewhere - 48 hours audio runtime. Will the batteries drain when used solely as headphones? Can anyone help me clear up something... in the latest update... the stretch goal of 1m is for KS edition only? or will it cover all the Glyph wherein it will be numbered (except those who are KS edition have additional engraving of the word "Kickstarter Edition")... @Avegrant will it be based on backer's number not based on the production number? because not all the backers will be getting the Glyph so there will be some gap between numbers I guess on top of that the wiring does matter too, because it would be in the way for games that you need to move your head. It will just constantly be there nagging at you. The two main things i'm worried about for the glyph are battery and motion control. Even Oculus Rift took a long time to develop that with the help of game developers. 1mill goal = all special kick starter editions get engravings, while regular editions get customized LED color 1.25mill goal = Future proof device, trade in beta model for official release model or any future model (one time deal!) or a major discount on the future model with proof of kickstarter backer. 1.50mill goal = working with bose (or any other company that is really good) to make the ultimate earphone experience. 1.75mill goal = Working with game developers and sony / nvidia / etc. to ensure the ultimate gaming experience. and so on... I think a good stretch goal would be to include 2 different length HDMI cables. A short 3-4 ft cable for mobile use and a longer 10-12 ft cable for home use. Something thin, light, and flexible. It would be a nice addition that wouldn't require changes to the product. @Avegant Personally, I'd like to see the 1 million stretch goal for the device to be wireless. Silly to have a Bluetooth dongle sticking out if the side of your head. Also, it would be incredible if you were to offer KS backer's the ability to exchange our beta model for the retail version & either a) pay the difference or b) be willing to offer monthly/weekly feedback to improve the retail model & having the additional cost waived. Just a couple thoughts. :) @Clifford, I used to have astigmatism until I had Lasik surgery a few years back. How you can tell if you have astig is this hack I discovered. Take your prescription glasses off, hold them in your hands at arms length, and using one eye (it doesn't matter which) look through one lens at a time and slowly rotate clockwise the lens you are looking through, and then anti-clockwise. Focus on a fixed object with your vision. If the object distorts in shape, that means the curvature of your cornea is not uniform, ergo you have astigmatism. By doing this for the other lens, you can see from how much the image distorts and wobbles the relative severity of the astigmatism corrected for in each respective lens. More distortion means more pronounced astig. Hope that helps. @Avegant Are you guys still going to have an update for us tonight? Just got word from Avagant that In game Chat with noise cancelation mic is included in the current Glyph. So If anyone was wondering there's another feature we didn't know as of yet. In-Game Chat..Another win for us. FAQ is on main page scroll to the bottom. Everyone push to get this featured on MKBHD YouTube channel! Plus 1 if you'd like to see this happen. Marques Brownlee is the Best! Just backed my first project and its the Glyph (: I thought about it for quite some time and as i am just a poor student it is a lot of money for me. But i think its worth it, just like smartphones thrilled our modern community, maybe this new kind of product will be the next big hype, which amazes the world! Thats why i want to be part of the Glyph beta, i am absolutely stunned by the hardware and the concept of the Glyph. @Avegant: keep the good work up and the information flowing! These things are selling like crazy, I wonder what the million dollar stretch goal will be. Is anyone planning on taking a camera to one of these Roadshows? I would love to see some video of backers/potential backers thoughts while using it. How much will the unit cost to those who do not get it through the Kickstarter campaign? I wear glasses, how do I found out if my prescription is for an astigmatism? @Jan Oh that's very cool, wanted to learn game programming energy I was younger but my parents wouldn't pay for classes lol. So now I'm just a dumb lineman. I love movies but I will use the to play Xbox and PlayStation a lot. What area are you from? I live in Maryland and this weather is crazy lately. @James My primary use will be with my laptop. I'm a programmer (and I make long days). I also love to watch movies in the highest quality possible (I have a MacBook Pro Retina, but I think the Glyph will beat my (already high quality) displays. What is your primary use going to be? @Jan I know I can hardly contain myself! What is your primary use for this going to be? Haha true. Keep seeing all the time questions, the FAQ should be on first page for people to see. @Avegant Congrats on $800K! @James Everyone's off looking for the answers to their questions in the forums instead of posting... :D @James doesn't mean I'm not losing sight of it! (XD) Message board is quiet tonight.. @Avegant Excitedly waiting :-) Did anyone go to the Miami Roadshow? Where is the Austin Roadshow? When can we expect the stretch updates that were talked about yesterday? @Xander that's actually quite funny :-) @Mark: Will you be leaving a Glyph Beta Special Kickstarter Edition spot vacant? ;P I'm losing the will to live with all these repeat questions!! @Colton Read the comments and visit the forum. Your questions have been answered several times over. @Avegant, another body color suggestion: CLEAR A couple of questions/suggestions: 1. Is the unit definitiely having the HDMI cord built in? If so, why is that better than HDMI-in port on the unit? If the cord is planned to be built in, an HDMI extension cord for beta testing with non-mobile devices would be appreaciated for a stretch goal. 2. Will the battery be user servicable? Even if the battery pack is proprietary, it would be appreciated if the battery can be swapped by a user, so the units don't need to be shipped in just for battery replacement. 3. A removable cover for the eye pieces when in headphone mode or at rest during transportation. Protecting the lenses is a high priority. 4. Is the "TRRS cable" another way of saying AUX in? If the unit can accept mobile device audio through AUX cables, that would be perfect. Just checking. I realize some of these ideas probably aren't feasible. Just putting them out there. Looking forward to trying out my beta unit! FYI, the Avegant FAQ is at <url>"-200" at about 12 feet far. I guess (correct me if I am wrong) this has to do something with lens design and/or distance between lens and micromirror. @avegant: so this reward is glyph beta, then in the future what is the different will be for the official glyph release? Also i see that glyph only has 3 hours battery life for video mode, is there any chance to stretch it in future goals? Is it comfortable for our eye if watching movie or playing game for period of time? I know some can cause nausea or headache. I apologize if this already been answered. Hi Avegant Glyph team. I'm not sure if anyone has already asked and requested what I'm about to. Will there be any more special edition to select, as I missed out. My idea requests, are the following: would it be possible to add wifi and Bluetooth, would it be possible to add a bigger expandable battery so when you run out of one battery you just swap over for fresh charged one. Last request, could you make the the screen size between 120 and 140?? Or is that being cheeky and pushing it. Regards nikolai @Jim&James. It does say trrs audio connector, true. But it also says "Mic: Built in" Now I don't know where and how good it is, but I for one aim to play with this instead of my headset/screen on my PC, so hopefully good. Anyone with Glyph Beta Special Kickstarter Edition want to trade with me for a normal edition? haha... I want to change the LED color ): will the cables be well enforced? I for one am vary hard on headphones even when i try to be gentle. will the cables be replaceable all the way to the cans? Actually I just checked specs and it does confirm trrs audio connector.... So plugging my Xbox headset into it should not be a problem. Listening.... Stupid auto correct @Jim I thought they were going to have a standard 3.5 mm audio jack also for just parenting to music? @James McMillen It's not as easy as adding a microphone. You've got to send those signals to the Xbox One somehow. It's not going to be through the HDMI cable. The Bluetooth isn't bluetooth audio either so count that out, plus the Xbox One can't take in audio via bluetooth. Good idea, but not really practical. So I'm sitting here playing battlefield 4 on Xbox one, and all I want is to be using my glyphs to do it. But if there's anything I would beg for, it would be that they include a mic built in so I can use it with online games for chatting while I play! @All well done everyone!! @Avegant well done and here's to the next goal!! Ahhh OK, for some reason I forgot about $500 k being the different colors. Thanks everyone that responded. @Brian Yeah!!! Now I can travel a lot with my Glyph without it being in 'danger'! (In Q4) I did 750K=) Can I get second one, if pledge again? sorry kinda noob here And.... there's 750K. Congratz! @Kakuren now wouldn't that be great, highly unlikely, but it would be good. @James, it's the free case at $750,000 @James They are gonna give you a better case "semi-rigid" as they call it. They maybe have a surprise something more! @James If I'm correct, $750 is the Case Have they announced the$750k stretch goal reward yet? @Mark The $3.8mil stretch goal is the "Oprah Special" You get a Glyph, You get a Glyph, EVERBODY gets a Glyph!........ (with a backing of $499) ^_^ @All I've just checked out the kickstarter tracker and they reckon if the backing keeps going as it has been it's going to make $3,851,047 by the end. @Avegant what do you reckon we will get for that stretch goal, it has to be something special!! @Lawrence Gamestop?? No I defo don't work for them, I wish I worked for Avegant though, they are gonna make a fortune out of Glyph!! No, but I've heard Gamestop mentioned at least 20 times on here. I was just wondering, even if you did work at game stop, I guess it wouldn't really matter, I was just curious as to why you were pushing this particular product over other wireless HDMI options. I haven't really looked that deep into Airtame. But apparently it doesn't work on XBOX and other gaming devices, according to Jim. I only mentioned airtame, because I liked the aesthetics (It would look great with the black glyph) and I assumed it would be as functional as Gamestop. I guess that's not the case. But I suppose it would be great to use for web based/computer content. And for 100 bucks, it won't exactly break the bank for most people. @Lawrence lol no mate I don't work for GameBuddy, I want it to succeed so that I can get one myself. I've been praising the Glyph on the GameBuddy site, does that mean I work for them too! I think when you see something that shows promise then why not try to help them out. I've not looked at airtame, but will do now. But I'm not a millionaire and can't back everything!! Do you work for AIrtame by the way?? I spoke with them about doing an interview and hands on with Marques Brownlee MKBHD and they replied that they have reached out. If Marques does it and make a video I wouldn't be suprised if we get over a million by the day after Marques makes his video especially if he likes it. He can also tell them how important battery life is and a wider field of view option. I know they are working on it. Please help me to push Marques MKBHD on YouTube to respond and do the hands on. This will be the best publicity they could get. @Jim and @Me the funding is already closed. @Avegant we almost reached the 750K funding goal, is the new case the only advantage then? AIRTAME only supports PC/MAC/Linux -> Glyph. AIRTAME will NOT work on Xbox / PS / Blu Ray player / phone -> Glyph. @Mark GameBuddy's chances have inproved, but they still have a bad chance: <url>#chart-exp-projection AIRTAME is a project that will succeed. So maybe it's a better alternative! Also, we're almost at 750,000! This is madness! <3 @Mark, do you work for Game buddy? It would make more sense to get something like this: <url>" 1080p TV? Because those consoles look pretty rough to me these days, especially at that size. Native 1080p PC gaming has spoiled me. :P For a stretch goal, I'd like them to widen the POV, or possibly at least work on the head tracking motion down to no lag noticeable when moving your head. (other wise it will be useless for gaming that involves head movement.) for stretch goals, I would like to see a build in media player that have microSD and play MKV. for stretch goals, how about list those technically possible options, and let your backers vote for it. I signed up for CES for hope of recovery but I just got neck surgery due to a drunk driver who gave me central spinal cord injury and have perm dmg to my nerves. Really wish I got to go =/ I messaged them. I didn't go to the demo. =/ @Eliah: Did you go to a demo? Who did you talk to? I think on the go is misleading. I thought it was going to be something we can use during a bus ride or a subway, but that isn't possible cause we will be so closed off to virtual world/set. My idea for a camera or a clock/alarm seem to be shut down until a future product. I was told definitely but lets first get a beta up first. I was told battery on a belt clip had bad user demo exp..... but battery in most of devices like this had bad owner exp due to burning of the head or added weight issues. =/ Looks like this device isn't for me. I might have to jump ship. They should make wifi available, if power is a problem only make it available when plugged in with a power source, like laptop modes? I personally don't care about this option as the video quality might sync pretty poorly but if power is an excuse then that is my suggestion. @Avegant I take it that these will work OK with the PAL 50Hz UK system for video and are not just designed for NTSC 60Hz ? Thanks. @Avegant Any way to space the stretch rewards a little closer to each other? $250k per reward seems really high, especially with the second reward being a semi rigid cloth case that had nothing to do with the tech. Battery life or Bluetooth would of been nice @$500k over your original goal. But my main point being that maybe you could of done a goal for every$100k/125k past original goal. I know for one when I'm looking to back something I like to look and see lots of stretch goals that aren't too hard to reach, I feel like that would also help you bring in more people that may be a little scared to drop $500 on something they can't see or touch especially with the limited meet and greets you are conducting. Just my two cents guys, I got in early but I'd like to see you guys get a lot further. Were coming up on the $750k mark fast and would like to see stretch goals maybe revamped a little. Question... does the regular Glyph have free HDMI cable? because the stretch goal said regular Glyph have HDMI cable color... but in the reward tier or the main page.. it was not stated that there will be a free HDMI cable just a "One slim cable that connects to either an HDMI cable or an audio jack"... @Mark, So you could connect a wireless HDMI dongle. Check out AIRTAME, it connects to the HDMI port and a USB power source. @Avegant I would really like to see an addition of a small camera connected to a second source to the Glyph aiming to the front while watching on the VRD and a pip ( picture in picture ) option so we can activate and check the outside without removing the Glyph... As nit to shoot to high for a vision sensor, any normal res tiny cam would do... Another itching question to satisfy my curiosity ;) , How did you come up with the "Glyph" name ? @Earl why would you want to do this?? I could understand you wanting to charge the Glyph from an external battery, but not sure why you would need to charge your phone from the Glyph!! @Avegant, Is the micro-USB on the glyph powered? Like could I connect it to my cell phone and charge it from the glyph's battery? @Richard no worries, sorry if it came across as having a go at you..... My dry sense of humour. @Bryan To be honest I'll probably pick plain old blue led's so the choice is wasted on me. In all seriousness I don't see why they couldn't offer the choice to all beta backers anyway as the production run won't be huge. @Mark T I was only repeating what Avegant had already said with a little of my own speculation thrown in. Didn't intend to sound condescending or like I had any affiliation to them. customizable LED color seems too basic to be only for the special editions ): as a consumer I'd love to have the choice of color of what I'm buying if it is available @Richard They could make the first 500 people feel special with engravings they want on the headset? I didn't realise Avegant had people working for them from the UK I'm sure @Avegant said that their working on their forums as well. @Avegant I take it that these will work OK with the PAL 50Hz UK system for video and are not just designed for NTSC 60Hz ? Thanks. Hello everyone, I've decided to stop lurking and speak up. Apologies for long post… It's a shame there isn't an option for a FAQ or 'sticky' post at the top of this as the same questions are cropping up, meaning the poor guys at Avegant are having to go in circles repeating themselves. I read everything I can about the Glyph and here's my 2p (yeah I'm British) on where it stands: Asking about perceived resolution (compared to 1080/4k) is kinda pointless as it would be down to each individual to decide what they "see". However feedback from the alpha is great, owing to the large fill factor and new TI micromirror array. It charges via micro USB. The HDMI is detachable. It will likely ship with a 'travel friendly' length cable ~ 1.5m. The user could simply change this for a longer cable for home use. When in video mode, audio is via the HDMI. In audio mode it uses TRRS cable. It supports 3D HDMI 1.4 standards The Beta will largely geared towards fixing the ergonomics and fit of the Alpha prototype, not integrating drastically different features. I'm really looking forward to this product, but some of the backer requested stretch goals are way too unrealistic for the beta model! The technical spec is unlikely to change much. Resolution upgrade would require another new TI array (costly and probably larger). Wireless would add weight and drain battery. (airplay would alienate non apple consumers) Increased battery life would add bulk too. I think a reasonable hope for a final stretch goal would be either a removable battery design (cost and design constraints permitting) or an Avegant branded rechargeable external battery pack. This could even be offered at an additional cost if necessary. A lot of the other suggestions are cool, but seem more likely to appear in future models in a retail launch. Thoughts? PS. If you open LED customisation up to others, what do you give the 1st 500 backers (myself included) to keep them feeling special? ;) @Jan the most recent update was only on the 24th, not that long ago really and it is the weekend!! @Avegant are you going to give an update today? (Or didn't there happen a lot) Any info yet on a South Bay show for Silicon Valley? @Bryan or a blue one with a white LED. @Jan Black Glyph + White Led... *drools* @Bryan I'd like the option of a white LED though (not sure if it's yet possible. @Edward, I'd really like to know how well the head motion tracking is. Is there a delay that will make it unplayable for FPS? That was the main issue with OR in the past. @Jan no idea haha just a thought @Bryan black LED? Is that even possible? I'm pretty much in the same boat as Mike, Id love a black Glyph with white LED or vise versa. Maybe even black with black... lol Any chance of bringing the roadshow to Canada? (Ottawa, Montreal, or Toronto). Would love to see this in action. @Mike I'm in agreement with you, I'm a bit gutted that I have missed out on the special edition version due to not knowing about it prior. I hope Avegant will consider this!! @Hyper thanks for the link, but that's what some of the previous threads have already been discussing. If someone is searching for a game compatible wireless hdmi transmitter: <url>"full HD" but does it even matter on this kind of screen? I'd love to try them on, but that's not really possible, so how good are they? @Avegant What's the chance of having simulated surround sound included to make our movies and games even better with the great sound you are saying they put out? You don't have to worry about TV lag, as this whole conversation started about using the gamebuddy with the glyph, not a TV. @Bryan - It's hard to beat the sound of good circumaural headphones. We've had a lot of guys who have high end beyerdynamic, AT, and Senneheiser headphones that love the sound we've designed. Needless to say, we're picky about sound. :) And thats just the signal add the ms lag on a tv and ur in trouble.. even sonys 905w the best regarded gaming tv has 13ms lag .. usuall tvsbare in 35-55ms exept lg thats in 60-70ms ... at 45ms u start to notice 60ms is way to high @stig anything under 60ms is not going to cause any issues. If the 30ms is true that they state then this would be ideal for playing games!! Also if watching movies etc then it would make any difference. Onlive was hitting well over 60ms and it still did a fairly decent job. If it's not backed then it won't succeed. I thought this was the whole point of kickstarter!! 30is already pushing it as the netlag ping, pluss display lag on top of that and online and offline gaming is impossible... They say most the time 30 ms, but 30 to 60 ms isn't going to be noticeable The 30-60ms delay on it puts most gamers off i belive. @All I urge everyone that is interested in a wireless experience streaming movies or games to also go back the gamebuddy or else I fear they won't make their goal. I'm not associated with them but I want my set so bad I'm hoping they don't fail. @All just letting you all know who are interested in the GameBuddy that it's been confirmed that it will have a bypass through built into it so you don't need to remove it from the source you have it connected to. I think you will all agree it makes it an even better proposition based on this. @Edward, one more thing, are there any research being done to reduce the risk of nearsightedness? (somehow allowing the eye to have to refocus etc. to let it engage it's muscles, preventing nearsightedness. ) @Edward, sorry I'm not a techy so I was wondering how the earphones compare to Sennheiser IE800? Because I'm hoping the sound would be as good as possible otherwise I'd hope for a version without the earphone part (like a **** to go over your earphones would work, or a hole for ear bud type earphones.) @lawrence - Great idea, we've considered it. At this point the complexity, added cost and power aren't worth it. Maybe down the road. :) @Don - wireless HDMI transmitters should work fine with the Glyph. The one thing I would caution is that some of them have really poor latency. That doesn't matter for videos/movies, but may make gaming performance suffer. @Mike Lyon - Yup. It's the best 3D experience we've ever seen too. @Barry - great comments. The image quality is stunning, there really is no observable pixelation. Additionally the color depth and brightness sets it apart from other displays we've seen. We use the Glyph for gaming all the time and have not had any issues with color separation. We've done demos to thousands of individuals as well and have not had anyone report discomfort due to sequential color, in fact most people comment on how comfortable the image feels. I was thinking about how great it would be to have 2 HD video cameras built onto the TOP part of the "visor" which would able to take 3d images and video, but more importantly, would give you the ability to have an augmented reality experience, or just see the world around you if you ever decided you needed to actually walk around with this thing on your face lol. I'm assuming this has already been thought of, but I would buy this AGAIN if there was an updated consumer model with that sort of functionality. While it's more expensive, for wireless HDMI you can buy this from Amazon and it has generally good reviews. It can be powered by anything that provide 5V micro USB power. Battery packs included. I have no association with Nyrius. <url>"older" digital clocks, are strobed LEDs. In a dark room, you can see the display flicker if you move it back & forth very quickly. Some newer car tail lights are strobed LEDs. They do this to increase the perceived brightness. I find them annoying because, when I dart my eyes, I see a flickering streak of red light. In any case, if Avegant is using sequential LEDs, they should be plenty fast enough for this application. And, with the right LEDs, one can achieve a REALLY good color space! Regarding your comment about a beam combiner: If they use one, there are very small ones available. @Barry Additionally with multiple LED' youd need a beam combiner... Not much room in there! I'll have to research dichroic techniques, that's a new one for me. @Barry, I thought that individual LED's would have to much delay in fully turning on and off. Is that not an issue? @Jim McPherson Typically, color wheels are used on projectors with big hot expensive lamps to save the cost of using 3 (expensive) light modulator panels and the related optics and alignment issues. In the case of viewers, it's pretty easy to just use 3 LEDs (R,G,B) per panel and sequence them. That's likely what's being done in Glyph. Synching LEDs between the two panels is a non issue. It can be a little trickier to synch them to the TI panel to avoid color bleed. BTW, I've also seen efforts to use a single modulator panel with beam splitters between the two eyepieces. From what's been disclosed, that's not what Avegant is doing. A good thing! Besides using color wheels and RGB LEDs, there are dichroic optical techniques to take a "white" light source and get excellent color from it. It's also possible that they're taking this approach. Has the retail price or retail release time frame been discussed? @Jim Yep, while I'm at one of Avegant meet-ups I can take it home with me! (If it's already as good as they say it is, I might even be prepared to pay for it!) Made me giggle aswell lol @Jan Nice little slip in there... "borrow an Alpha until I get the beta"... hahah! That's a good one! @James, it sure is, but I think they said that they will ship some months earlier. @Avegant I'm going to try to get to one of your events, but I'm not sure I'm going to make it. Also can I borrow an Glyph Alpha until I get the beta version? @Egle that's a good point you made. Will the image be distorted if the Glyph moves? I watched a video of it at CES and the female presenter tried it, whilst she gave very little away as to what the image was like, I did notice that she kept having to reposition it on her head..... Why was this? She also didn't look too comfortable with them on, though I know the beta versions will be more stream lined. Sense the Glyph shoots the image into your retina. How does this effect the viewing experience? Do I need to be starring straight ahead all the time? What happens if I look in different directions? What if I move my head and the Glyph shifts? Do I need to get it back on in the same position? This is going to be a long year waiting for the glyph... @All I backed gamebuddy the other day and said something about it on here, I'm glad people are finally starting to realize what it is and does. I bought the package for 3 of them, one for the Xbox one, One for the ps4 and one to hook bedroom TV and glyph to. @Jan I think how well the GameBuddy would work with the Glyph in theory would make it an ideal addition, and like Jim stated it will only succeed if people back it. I hadn't thought much about how well the two would go together until Jim stated so I've backed it now, and was able to get the early bird price.... Though missed out on the super early bird price :-( @Barry: Interesting observations about the light source. This brings up something I hadn't considered, how on earth is Avegant switching colors fast enough without a color wheel? That's some magic right there, and I'd love to know more but suspect that's part of the "crown jewels" in their patented IP. On another note, with dual screens, I wonder what would happen if the color's were not sync'ed between eyes. IE Green on one eye, red on another. Perhaps that could help with rainbowing? Who knows? As far as I'm aware there is no other device where one could experiment with things like that. @All are we all going to back GameBuddy then? We'll have much more chance that that product will succeed. Wouldn't everyone love to stream wirelessly to the Glyph? This is more of a question and it really doesn't apply to myself. I wear glasses and am glad for the ability to adjust glyph to my vision. Is there a option for a color blind mode? I am not color blind so I would not begin to know what goes into this process but I'm curious of the possibility to change any input source for colorblind. Everybody should enjoy the glyph ;) A few comments on the display parameters: 80" at 8 feet seems about right. If I recall correctly from my past life in HMDs, studies of people in pitch black rooms found that eye vergence and focus tended to settle at around 7 feet. So, this is a good comfort setting. However, for a viewer with 20/20 vision, at this field of view and resolution, there will likely be observed pixelation. But it won't be bad and the high fill factor and concurrent (non-patterned) colors should make for an excellent viewing experience. I'm looking forward to seeing one! I am a little concerned with the relatively slow sequential color rate. Eye saccades and fast moving bright objects on dark backgrounds could produce the so-called "rainbow" artifact. In practice, however, this is more of a concern for games than typical TV shows and movies. Additionally, a small percentage of the population is particularly sensitive to sequential color displays. Rendering images directly on the retina could exacerbate these issues. I've viewed several monochrome and concurrent-color retinal projection viewers over the years and they were all compelling. However, this is the first one I know of that uses sequential color. Time will tell... @Avegant I was wondering about the GameBuddy as they haven't met there goal yet. But thanks for answering the question, I feel honoured that you took the time to do that as I really appreciate how busy things must be for you!! @Stig and @ Jan Why hold back? If you think they are a good match for the Glyph go ahead and support them. If they don't meet their goal, you won't pay anything. If they do, then you've helped them succeed and made the Glyph a little better at the same time. @All I'm very new to kickstarter so just a little question. If a goal isn't met, do those who backed it still get charged? I probably already know the answer but wanted to make sure! @Egle: Sitting about 5 feet away from a 55" TV will provide the same view Avegant claims for the Glyph. Math: 55/1.147 = ~48" wide screen. 48/0.828 = 58" so 5 feet @ 60" is close enough. @Egle just remember that sitting really close to your TV you will see plenty of pixelation, but with the Glyph there would be none........ It should look quite special in reality, hopefully!! Holding back on the Gamebuddy aswell, dont seems that it ever will manage its goal. @Jim I have a 55" TV. If I want to see how the Glyph image size might look. How far from my set do in need to sit to achieve the same FOV? @Jim I'm not really sold, the Glyph costed a bag of money and for the GameBuddy, they need like another 700 buyers, checked out its Kicktraq page, and it's a close call. I will follow the progress, and if it's coming close enough I just might back it. KT:<url>#chart-exp-projection @Barry: I couldn't agree more. As a side note the GameBuddy also works as a portable battery (via USB) charger so it could serve to increase the battery life of the Glyph beyond 3 hours. PLUS it uses mass market batteries that can be swapped out easily, so you'd have virtually unlimited Glyph battery life with multiple batteries. I have ZERO involvement with GameBuddy... so don't think I have anything to gain by promoting them. It just so happens that they are the ultimate add-on for the Glyph. Wireless video, AND longer battery life. Avegant: If GameBuddy doesn't make it's goal, you should buy the IP. @Jim you must be a mathematician or summit cos you lost me there..... But 92" at 8ft sounds good to me too. @Avegant would it be possible to have a different colour LED ring for the blue headset as in your graphics you can't actually see the LED as it's the same colour as the headset.... It's a nice feature and would be a shame not to see it! My opinions on battery-related issues: 1. Once you need to have an audio or video cable going to a source, it's not a big deal to add a USB power cable. So, a smaller & lighter Glyph battery would seem to make sense. 2. For audio only, a small on-board battery combined with a Bluetooth audio link would make for a nice pair of wireless headphones (or phone/game headset). 3. For a future version, a larger snap-in battery powering a wireless A/V link could be nice. 4. Alternatively, how about a USB or SD socket right on the Glyph that would let you play audio or video without the need for any external source device? @ Jan: I know that's why I'm talking about it. :-) @all Ok, one more post on screen size. I forgot to take into account the diagonal way we measure screen size.... and so did Avegant it seems. Sony's number of 750 inches at 80 meters (why mix units???) Works out to be 80 * 0.828 = 16.56 meters or 652 inches. That is the width of the screen. When you measure a 652" wide 16:9 screen diagonally you get 748".. close enough. The scaling factor for width to diagonal for a 16:9 screen is 1:1.147. So if Avegant took into account the screen diagonal size (their graphic doesn't) they could safely market the screen as a 92" virtual screen size at 8 feet away. That sounds better to me. @Jim we'll you sold me the idea on the GameBuddy I've backed it as I do think it would work great with the Glyph..!! @Jan yeah I was thinking that when I looked at the kickstarter sight. It would be beneficial it it worked the way people are saying like Jim @Jim I don't think GameBuddy will reach their goal (unless all Glyph users get one) Edit my last post: It should be 0.828 as the multiple not 0.818. @Mark: Exactly right. 2 Gamebuddy's = one non-software wireless HDMI. (Or so I understand from the kickstarter page). @jim thanks for the info. So the Glyph would still need to be connected to the second GameBuddy via HDMI whilst the sender sent the signal wirelessly from my xbox one to it? It sounds like a good idea and defo would fit perfect with the Glyph. @ Egle Fuller I just took a look at the Sony HMZ T3W. Sony's specs show a 750 INCH screen... but here is the most important part.... it's 750 inches at 20 (over 65 feet) METERS away! That's a long way away. Sony also states that it takes up a 45 degree field of view. That is EXACTLY THE SAME as the Glyph. So if the Sony display's virtual size were measured at 8 feet away like the Glyphs, it too would appear to be about 80 inches (the math says 79.5"). Want to figure out how big the virtual size is yourself? Take the tangent of 22.5 degrees (.414) multiply it by 2 (.818) and multiply that by the distance you want to measure the screen size from. In my case, I'm sitting 24" away from my 17" laptop screen. If I were to model the Glyph at the same distance the screen would appear to be about 19". @Egle I purchased the sony HMZ T2 some years ago and have to say I was really disappointed. Whilst the picture quality was ok, it was spoilt by blurring in the corners or down the side if the visor moved from the set position. This was the other issue, it took ages to set up correctly and comfortably on your head as it relied on you set straps tight enough so that it didn't move....... However it did move around a lot. It was also very uncomfortable as it sort or sat on the bridge of your nose, and was heavy over long periods of viewing. Whilst the screen was big, the was a lot of black space between you and the screen, so it looked like you were sat at the back of the theatre. I paid about £1000 for the unit and was lucky enough not to lose any money on it when I eventually sold it a month later. I hope this works so much better than the sony, but by the sounds of it I think it will. This is probably best answered by the developers but if anyone has hands on experience please feel free to answer. How does this compare to the SONY HMZ T3W? By all stats the SONY HMZ T3W seems better. Especially in image size. SONY HMZ T3W claims a 750 FOOT screen experience and GLYPH claims 80 INCH. How do these compare in actual use? Is the perceived difference really that great? I would love too hear from anyone who has worn ether one but especially from someone who has tried both. @Mark the 20mbps is your HOME WiFi network speed's speed. 802.11n easily can provide that. Streaming HDMI over the internet is not the intent of the gamebuddy. As it stands the gamebuddy really "completes" the Glyph feature set. Who wants to be tethered to a long HDMI cable coming from the cable box / Blu-Ray / game console? Not me. The tethering problem is probably why Avegant is pushing this as a "on the go" device, since you can easily hook it up to your phone / tablet. However, I don't really ever see this as a "take it on the train" device, too much loss of attention / vision for me. An airplane is a great use case, but less frequent for most. In my opinion this is primarily a use at home device, with occasional use during travel.... All of this assumes use as a video display, which is why people are buying it. @Brian I don't know where your from, but in the UK our broadband speeds are crap compared to other countries. It's states that you need around 20mbps for the streaming to work effectively and without lag...... I only get between 11.9 and 18mbps so I'd be struggling to use the GameBuddy. @Jim I haven't received any more responses about a DC /Baltimore meet up even though they added like 4 more locations since we asked them about it so I'm guessing they aren't going to be able to fit us in. @Jim lol you and I are on such the same wavelength. I'm doing same exact thing so I don't bother the fiance in bed. @Bryan, Glyph wouldn't need wifi if you hooked it up to a gamebuddy receiver. I have backed gamebuddy specifically to use the Glyph wirelessly from my computer (software on computer), or Xbox (gamebuddy hardware transmitter on HDMI output). Just use one of these. <url>"Jack" into anything to control it... I definitely think I've been pondering the uses of the glyph too intensely over the past week haha. Good morning everyone. This has been a crazy week so far and I'm definitely happy it's the weekend even though being on call. If anyone has gone to an event please post on here your first impressions, as I know I can't make it to New York to see the glyph and I think they are going to be too busy to hit the DC /Baltimore area but I really would like to hear about first hand experiences. @Stig i hope this is not silly because i had a similar thought. there would be also place for a small cleaning pouch . What about replacable ear cups? Not everyone likes leather! Just a silly thought, but why not have two over the head pieces one that has the optics and one u use as over the head support when the visir (optics) is over the eyes. That would protect the optics aswell when both are in headphone modus. like a sandwich 2 headbands design. How will the screens be protected from being clogged up/smeared in hair gel/spray/cream when used as headphones? Have you considered the option of setting up virtual surround sound for the headset? Might that be a future option in the final release version, or the next prototype? If the sound is currently transferred via hdmi and simply played on the device then virtualization and conversion to stereo would have to occur before output to the device which could be complicated and not supported on many platforms other than personal computers. It would be interesting to have an onboard virtual surround system that simply takes 5.1 or 7.1 sound. For games or even movies that would be amazing. This is the tech I've always wanted to see used for VR, but for a true VR experience I personally would want some semblance of surround sound, and since I'm unable to control what my headphones are here, it would be a feature people might find useful. Regardless, the tech is amazing, and I'm glad someone is using it for VR! Awesome prototype. Can you guys post photos of the different color combos for the special KS editions? It's hard for me to choose! If anyone that attended the LA or Miami meet and greet get on here could you let us know your first impressions? @Danory In the description somewhere I saw that there will be an included strap that goes across your head while the visor is flipped down. I don't know if that will make final build or not. Looks like an amazing product. Question though, watching the CNET CES video with the lady trying out the headset, it appears she had some difficulty keeping the Glyph on her head while the screen was flipped down. She keeps pushing it up or adjusting it. I was wondering if there would be anyway to provide a more secure fit when the screen is down? So I was reading the whole thing again and I came across "Imagine integrating a camera on the front of the visor and clicking a button to see not just the world in front of you but ultraviolet and infrared signatures in real time." How far from reality is this? Is this anything that you are actively looking into or just a pipe dream? It would be greatly appreciated. @Avegant How about trying to figure out a way to get your demo to dc/Baltimore while your in the east coast? New York isn't the easiest most convenient city to try and get to short of a bus trip that may/may not get you there on time. If there's anything you guys could do I know there's quite a few of us that would appreciate it. I notice that SO many people are asking about being able to have a spare battery to swap out, but no one from Avegant is answering this question, it even seems to be being avoided ? Personally, I would like to have this as an option. Also, could someone answer if the battery is replaceable ? I am in the UK and certainly can't be doing with returning the unit to the USA for a battery replacement ! By the way, I have funded you and I can't wait to receive my Beta Glyphs. The concept is awesome. :o) @Jim Nice man, yeah I hope Xbox does a patch also. Well I play bf4 a lot and I also have cod if your interested in playing sometime. My tag is Ronin Bushido. @James, yep I plan on using the Glyph with the Xbox One. I'm hopeful that some sort of 3D output will be available on the XBone before the Glyph ships. To me, the 3D side of actually having separate displays is one of the most compelling things about the unique technology in the Glyph. Crosstalk is by definition 100% eliminated. No ghosting at all as you see on LCD's. Can't wait to try it. @cody Johnson, after end of this project and before deliver the reward to you. Avegant will send a survey to you during abovementioned period. When will we be submitting info regarding the color options for our glyph When will we be submitting info regarding the color options for our glyph I agree with @ychung getting that battery life up to 6hrs would be a great step in making it truly replace headphones in my daily toolset @Jim McPherson - I think a removable battery is a great compromise. 6hr battery time when truly mobile(cellphone, tablet, ps vita or just away from plug) and then remove battery for extended periods (lan parties, movie marathon, and what not) I would prefer to have a longer battery life, if possible as a stretch goal. I know it will add to the weight, but 3 hours seems really short. @Jim Hey man did you see my question about if you have Xbox one or ps4 the other day? I was going to send you a message but couldn't find a way to do it. I'd prefer a no battery option for the stretch goals. Adding battery adds weight. We're already going to have one cable going to the Glyph, why not make an option to remove the battery and power it externally (if desired) via the USB port. That makes the Glyph potentially lighter and I can use the external USB battery packs that are readily accessible. The lighter the better. I concur with the longer battery life. @ Kakuren - I did back up the Rift and I'm backing up the Glyph too! (One of the first backers to receive the Glyph Beta Special Kickstarter Edition) ;-) Yes 3 hours from the battery seems little. Sonys HMZ-T3W gets 3 hours in wireless mode and 7 hours connected with HDMI cable. So 6 - 7 hours seems quite possible. Without knowing anything about battery tech. I am personally agreeing with a longer battery life and possibly Bluetooth/AirPlay capabilities. Although between the two longer battery life would be preferable. Yeah a longer battery life would def be nice. For the next stretch goal, my vote is on a longer battery life. 3 hrs is great but 6 hrs is better ^_^ @Edward Tang, I think it would be really cool if the next version of the Glyph had a wireless HDMI dongle that plugs into the HDMI source. Can't wait for the beta! So my bro backed the Rift last year and I was on the fence, I really liked the idea but I wanted something a little more. Say what you want but I really like the "NerveGear" in Sword Art Online. This is actually pretty freaking close! SO yea money well spent and y'all cannot ship them fast enough, Dec is so far away! How will the glyph be charged? Would it be compatible with an external battery pack? Like USB charging? Thanks! Excited and Congrats on the success! All plegdeable unit say beta, does that mean all units will be pre-mass porduction units set for the market? What changes might happen between the beta and mass production units? What kind of warranty will the Glyph come with? Also, what is expected retail on a Glyph when it comes to market? I see you guys are adding some locations, any chance you may try and still get us Maryland/dc people in there somewhere? @james - leather... they'll be comfy, don't worry. We're picky like that. Tobyn - Yes! @justin - Changed, thanks for the comment. @Martin Finch - I was thinking the exact same thing. Great idea. What will the ear cup materials be made of? The prototype ones looked like some kind of pleather that would make ears sweat profusely lol. I don't know if this has been asked yet, but out of curiosity, are the ear cups circumarual? @Edward Tang - you should update the name of the project to include "Glyph", currently the name is listed as "A Mobile Personal Theater With Built In Premium Audio by Avegant". I have had some friends say they had trouble searching for this on the kickstarter site. looking for more stretch goals? What about a camera in front so you could some how view the real world in front of you with the projected image in the device? I imagine it would be hard to interact with an application if I can't "see" my hands @Matthew Rowens - we'll do some tests and let you know. @James mcmillen - Good Morning. @epyonxero & @neil - we're testing some FPV stuff now, we'll let you know @Barry - we're working on a South Bay visit @anders @epynoxero - I can't wait until a developer pairs virtual desktops with our headtracker. That would be awesome. @Stig & @Garett - Yup, there will be basic video adjustments in there, as well some audio controls for the active noise cancellation @epyonxero I imagine it has to be done using virtual desktops. In Linux both KDE and Gnome have them. Also Mac OS has virtual desktops. Only Windows has no good implementation. Will be interesting to see if someone hacks Glyph virtual desktop support into linux :) Will there be any Sound and Picture adjustment options? Another request for a demo stop in Silicon Valley. San Francisco may look close on a map, but it's no fun getting there from the San Jose area. How would virtual dual monitors work? Plugging th Glyph into a PC would allow it to be used as a second or extended display but how would headtracking be used to show the primary dispay as well? Will software for this need to be installed on the PC? One more guy here hoping to use this for flying FPV aircraft. it sounds great as is which is why I was willing to back it, but headtracker output, the ability to handle a degraded signal without going black/blue would be on my wish list. Love the DLP concept, can want to FPV fly with them. I am also looking forward for longer battery life, since not every time we can access to external power bank or wall socket. @James, looking forward to it too. I'm more interested in a longer battery life than Bluetooth capabilities. Im excited to see if they announce any more stretch goals today. My priority list would probably be: Longer battery life Bluetooth Maybe a nice case Good morning fellow glyphers. Yip, Australia please ;) Another vote for coming to the mainland when you're visiting Europe! Any chance of coming down-under for your road tour? It would be nice if you could show it off in Australia. Could you test the latency when recovering from a lost signal? Quick recovery and not going to splash/blue for ~5 seconds is a big selling point for FPV pilots. If the Glyph performs well in this respect, it'd be worth adding as a free perk so to speak on the feature list. If possible test with RCA analog to HDMI conversion from the source signal. If it's possible to tune this in the firmware, us pilots would love a timeout window before dropping back to splash as we deal with intermittent signal loss sometimes :) Any chance of visiting the mainland of Europe as you are visiting London ? I was curious if it is possible to adjust the brightness? Does bright ambient light affect the image contrast like it does on OLED or LCD HMDs? Understand that the headphone is using high quality driver, can give more data on it's performance like Impedance, THD, total harmonic distortion and Signal-to-noise ratio? @Neo they have said there's going to be a dust cover that goes over optics when not in use. So the three extra colors are just for the first 500 backers? Or everyone? Akso, what can we do about keeping the optics...etc, dust free? USB Type C (microUSB sized, more durable, and reversible) is expected to be released around mid 2014. With the Glyph targeting a late 2014 release, do you think you guys will be able to adopt the new standard? The reversible connector would be much easier to plug in when not looking at the port! @Avegant Just to let you guys know, I'm a huge fan of the website joystiq and I sent them a link and paragraph about your product trying to get them to put an article in about you guys and the glyph. If they respond to me I'll let you know. How about a visit to Pittsburgh, I'm sure you can justify some reason that the kids at CMU would need to see this thing... (Of course, open to the public though for all us non-supergeniuses.) I'm surprised that I haven't seen this asked yet but.... Does this support stereoscopy? And if so, how? (side by side, interlaced, etc.) @Avegant: "At that premium point everyone has a preference, so it's hard to compare to Bose or Beats. But it is GOOD." As I told you in private mail I know how to accommodate multiple 'phone preferences. Bose and Beats should not be particularly difficult to do if your distortion is low and your bandwidth does not have really deep nulls. @Avegant: I'm the guy who requested a stop in San Jose or elsewhere in Silicon Valley. I don't do social media and am retired so rounding up a bunch of folks is not within my purview. I'd really appreciate if someone with the social media experience volunteered to set up a focal point for interest in a stop down this way. Are the $500K colors Body, Accent, or Both? Blue Body with Orange LED would look better to my eye than Blue with Red LED... Just sayin...... @Avegant Thank you for the speedy response, that sounds amazing, I really hope I get a chance to meet you guys on your tour. The product is sounding amazing. Also thank you for unlocking the added colors, I'm sure people will love that, I'm pretty sure I'm locked into the white ones myself, they look very clean cut. @Avegant Well thank you for the consideration at least. Also had a question about the audio end of the glyph. How would they compare in audio quality to like a Bose or Beats headset? I know you guys say quality audio so I'm just wondering. @Jim I also see you have backed the gamebuddy. I think these two products can work together to make gaming in bed a reality haha. With out keeping the fiance up with TV light and noise. Do you have any of the new consoles? I'm always interested in aging like minded people to my friends list. @Jim I didn't realize there was a rams head there but if it's anything like the one in the city then that would be perfect for something like this. Haha great minds think alike. @James I was just about to suggest Columbia (right between DC and Baltimore). The Rams Head in Savage seems like a good hang out spot with plenty of space and a place to have a few beers. There is an area in between us called Columbia. There are some nice places in that area that could be used as a meet and greet. Are you guys doing this as a formal activity at like a hotel conference room or as a more casual like bar/restaurant meeting? If you let me know and dates that may be possible I would be willing to do the leg work to get something set up on my end. @Avegant on normal displays you often have dead pixels. Is there a chance of broken mirrors here? @Avegant Thanks for the reply, if any cable can be used, then yeah, it becomes much less of an issue. @Avegant Well if there is a way to squeeze us in here in Baltimore around same time as new York that would be amazing and greatly appreciated. It seems like new York always gets picked and we are expected to travel all the way there or suck wind here in Baltimore. I can understand that you guys will be busy too though. Just keep us informed, I'm very interested in the tech you guys are working on and as a start up company you seem like one that would be good to support from the beginning and I'm very interested in doing that. @ProwlMedia Swappable batteries would be awesomel Stretch goal Ideas.. Airplay if possible would be awesome, but then I suspect you'd need wi-fi... which too would be awesome! Bluetooth audio is an obvious one Swappable batteries seems like a must have. Onboard storage or SD and a player app :) Phones... we don't need no stinkin' phones :) Don't want much do I? Keep it up. Looks great. I'll add it to my developer collection. Rift, CastAR Developer unit... now this. Glad I got in at about 30k... Agree with @Derrel Thomas! The optics are such I don't have to wear my glasses but I do wonder how easy it will be to put the glasses back on every time I push the screen to the top of my head? My $0.02 on the cable....I would like to see a cable that disconnects from the Glyph. That way you could have a shorter cable for travel situations and a longer one for home stuff. I don't want to deal with a six foot cable on an airplane and I don't want to sit 3 feet from my ps4. @avegant. If your opinion how would this work to replace a computer monitor for long days working. A 6' High Speed HDMI cable is $2.92 vs. a 10' at $4.30, and that is with only ordering 50 of them. Prices would probably drop significantly if ordering in the quantities of thousands. So yeah, hopefully longer ones are included or a very cheap upgrade option. I agree w/ Don. Would be awesome if you could add San Jose to the list since you'll be in the area. A longer cable would certainly be nice. The price difference between supplying a 6' versus a 10' or 12' hdmi cable should also be minimal as well. So hopefully they lean towards the side of longer. If you're going to be in San Francisco is there any chance you could also do San Jose (or anywhere down the peninsula.) Preferably a location more accessible (think parking) than Market St, S.F.? I'm signed up for S.F. but my lack of familiarity with the city, especially parking resources, could make that problematic. I'll bet there are lots of us from Silicon Valley and parts thereabouts who would agree. @Avegant Also have you guys decided how long the included hdmi out cable will be that's included with the glyph unit? Longer would be nice, or maybe an option of what length cable you would like. @Dale /Josh/Avegant That would be awesome. Hey guys is there any way if enough interest is shown that you could arrange a meet and greet in Baltimore? Looks like there's definitely interest from here. @Stig Of course they do. But delivered from an european Amazon there wouldn't be any customs costs for us. @Josh/James I'm in DC and I'd find a way to Baltimore to try this out if it was set up. I even looked up bus tickets to NYC for Feb 12 but I just won't make it in time. On the note of people wearing glasses. Have you guys done any stress tests for headaches with differing levels of severity with vision adjustments? I know Nintendo made this mistake with the 3ds and Google spent months prepping the prescip versions of Glass. Well I'm waiting for my Neptune Pine I backed here as well as my NFC ring. Way too much Kickstarter tech. My only concern is about my glasses. I haven't had a test in a while and I'm actually not sure if I have an astigmatism o_o Amazon.com serves scandinavia aswell @Josh Thanks man, as you and I both know people in Baltimore are adamant about their audio/video and could make a lot of believers out of people around here. P.S. I know what you mean, not even telling the fiance about these till they show up lol. My girlfriend is going to murder me...But at least I'll have this. I also second James's request to come to Baltimore since I'd love to test this out. I am curious if you have thought about releasing a future model which doesn't contain headphones or a battery (allowing it to be lighter and cheaper)? I realize this limits the use cases of the device, but for the subset of users who only want the display the battery/headphones add unnecessary cost/weight. @Avegant Is there any way at all you could include Baltimore in your tour?! I'm so excited for this since my buddy that works for Sirius satellite and actually lives right near you guys saw these at CES and told me about them! If there's any way possible I would love to see you guys here and think the glyph would be a huge hit with the local baltimorians. Please consider it if possible. I mean kickstarter supporter not supports. sorry for typo. Have you found a manufacturer already? Just a thought, I think it would be nice if kickstarter supports gets their Glyph made in USA. You can keep retail to be made in China or anywhere else, but for us, US made is ideal. Also, extra battery and blue tooth capability for at least the audio portion can be a great stretch reward. @Avegant Amazon UK and Amazon Germany services Finland. I believe the other european Amazons do too. How long does it take to fully recharge the battery? Is there any way to hook up an external power source, for longer use? Sent a question to Avegant by message but I would be curious to know what you guys think: --- I am worried about dirt or greasy hairs forcing me to clean the lens everytime I want to look into it after a listening only session, is this a valid concern and what are the mitigation means? Also, from what I understand, there could be up to 3 wires at the same time connected to the headset (HDMI for video, audio 3.5mm, USB power), I would be curious ot see pictures of that setup to see if it is cumbersome. Is the HDMI link receiving/redirecting audio to the headphone too? --- So for example Amazon UK woul deliver to Finland? Are you planning on starting a service company in Europe (London, Amsterdam) and do i get money or import problems with the customs when the Mobile Personal Theater enters the Netherlands ? @Y. Chung: We envision developers could use the headtracker in the Glyph to be able to simulate multiple monitors - so you can turn your head to look around at your "virtual" multiple monitor setup anywhere. That would be awesome. 3rd time asking: What type of CRUSH PROOF case come with your product at the $499 pledge level? I'm really excited for AMPTWBIPA. Will it have any kind of warranty if something is defective or breaks? I know you mentioned a possible trade-up program for revised models later. your summary says "A Mobile Personal Theater With Built In Premium Audio by Avegant Experience stark, vivid images like nothing you've ever seen combined with premium audio in a unique flip down form factor." no product name. The product name 'Glyph' is not mention to below the fold on the first page, and it is the last word in the sentence. 'Introducing the Avegant Glyph' Compare how this listing looks vs others on kickstarter obvious oversight. Another thing, search for Glyph on kickstarter, and this project doesn't show up. It should be #1, but maybe I will read about 'Dust Glyphs: The Book Project' instead... 1) Why is the product name 'Glyphs' NOT in the kickstarter project title? this is a big branding oversite. I couldn't figure out what your product was called to tell my friends. Maybe hire a brand/copy expert, 'A Mobile Personal Theater With Built In Premium Audio' doesn't help. Oculus Rift provides an approximately 110° field of view VS Glyphs at 'Horizontal Field of View: 45°' How will that effect your immersion? Rift has huge support on steam. your product is 'personal theater' imply this is not for gaming? what support will you have for steam games? Just wanted to add my congrats to Edward and team for racing past the first goal. Thrilled to be of the '500' ! I've been very impressed by the presentations and all the work that's got you this far. I can imagine it's all a bit of a whirlwind but in between all the effort, I hope the Avegant team manage to find a little time to bask in the success thusfar, you should be very proud of yourselves ! Looking forward to engaging with you from time to time over the year ahead, best of luck :) How'd the demo go last night guys? Can I watch video from HDMI cable, while listening to audio through the 3.5mm TRRS jack (separate source) at the same time? I want to use my sound card for the audio source, HDMI only for video. When will the 500 backers that got the special Kickstarter edition be giving info regarding colors of their order(s) @JL Hopefully gamebuddy reaches its goal, it seems pretty awesome and I would think would work amazing with the glyph! They would compliment each other. Curious about the stretch goals :D Any more info on what if/what kind of case will be included at the $499 level? @Hans Inge - You can combine it with GameBuddy, to get a wireless one: <url>"real estate" space for my work? Is it possible to use Avegant Glyph while charging it? Will it be possible to get the headtracking-info out as PPM via some plug like in rc-transmitters\receivers? Any plans to make them widi-capable? Nick - They are 1280x720 per eye. Several media outlets previously misprinted it as 1280x768. Our last engineering prototypes were 1280x800. Faceplates +1 and maybe a glow in the dark finish. You list the resolution as 1280x720 here, but I've also seen 1280x768 and 1280x800 thrown around here and there. Is 1280x720 the solid resolution for the Glyph Beta? @Osman - Thanks for your support. We'll be sure to keep everyone in the loop, we appreciate all the feedback - we read every word! @Lawrence Mak - Neat idea, I like it! @Jim McPherson - No CA, no screen door, and no pixelation. The image is beautiful, better than any other display I've ever seen, head-mounted or not. Avegant should partner with famous designers to release custom clip-ons for the visor, like the Xbox 360 faceplates; that'd be super cool. I would buy the Geordi La Forge version in a heartbeat. @Arthur Hyun From what it says on the spec page about the diopter, Diopter Adjustment: +2 to -6. Hope that helps you out. @Neo sorry auto correct lol @Not Yes since there was so much confusion about it they have confirmed that it will be a feature in all glyph purchases for beta purchasers. So everyone gets the noise cancelling feature right? Can you specify the expected diopter correction range? Is chromatic aberration noticeable? I used a Zeiss head mounted display several years ago. The CA was unreal (and the screen door effect was horrible). WoW @Avegant Congratulations Guys ... That is a historic Day to remember check the review @ Techcrunch.com looking forward to follow and know More about the"Virtual Retina Display" and the should be interesting journey to December. One advise from a KS backer , please keep the conversation going and do your best to keep us in the loop. Thanks What portion of the NTSC color gamut does the LED source allow? What type of CRUSH PROOF case come with your product at the $499 pledge level? I have seen demos, one using an iPhone and one using MacBook as the source. Amazing. How well are you protected by patent? I too would like to know about investment opportunities but only if you've got exclusivity locked down really well. There are some real big guns out there that could conceivably beat you to the punch. I would also like to invest :-) What about dead pixels, and estimated delivery. Congratz on reaching your goal. @Al 2014. Definitely 2014. Agreed would love a chance to invest. That is a good question, is your stock going to be publicly traded? @Avegant How does any extra light taken in (that is not reflected from the mirrors to the retina) change the picture quality or focus? I assume this will be a further tested amount as to keeping some peripherals and comfortable fit with distance from face. Awesome project! Backed. target, 8+ million @ <url>"beta" will last? I don't want to buy this and then have the retail ready version come out 6 months later that is full of superior features. OK thanks! As your funding levels go through the roof and your company takes off, please don't forget about us early supporters who took a risk on you guys (pledging $499 without even seeing the product is a big risk!). Since my question below wasn't answered, I'll ask again to make sure it doesn't get lost in the sea of comments... thanks! Ok thanks for the response. I'm hoping that the $499 is cheaper than what the retail price will be for the final version? What if we find "bugs" or design flaws from the beta version? Will we as early supporters be taken care of? Just ordered mine! WOOOOOOOOT. Time to save up for that extra titan to throw in my rig - I'm gonna need it for that awesome resolution on these bad boys. Will there be any sort of clip on shield to cover the eye pieces when they are not in use? @Edward Thanks for the quick response! Can they charge while in use? Crap... now I've got to find a home for some TurtleBeach's, Razer's... I have too many audio devices. That said, I'm going to work on some HDMI Routing so I can make a 5.25" faceplate for my desktop, and autoswitch for my TV. I think the Glyph is gonna be totally awesome! Hope the ship them quick. @joshua 1) It'll charge over standard microUSB. 2) Dang. Take them back - The Glyph sounds significantly better!!! 1) How do you charge it (Micro USB, Proprietary, 5v, 12v, etc.)? 2) Damn. Just bought some Bose QC's and watched the dang video wearing them. oh ! and miracast support ! Haytham, It will down-sample the 1080p to 720p for each eye if the source supports it. It looks great though :) Also, it will run off a GoPro Hero 3 no problem. Thanks! 66% of funding in just 1 hours or so is pretty nice. I'm not too found of stretch goals as it can hinder the development process... that being said, I guess more resolution, less latency, quicker refresh rate, less weight etc. are always welcome... Some of us will probably be using this for FPV flying with a multi-rotor, maybe you can add a composite input... Can I use it with my GOPRO Hero 3+ black ? Hi can you make it to play video HD 1080p & HD 3D 1080p & 4K resolution ? @Jim, Haha I doubt that wholeheartedly. It's an amazing product/idea; I doubt there would be any problems hitting that $1M mark so our comments will be long forgotten. @Dale, I'm not quite so sure, perhaps we just got put at the end of the shipping line :-) Noise cancelling for everyone? Wow, thanks, excellent move! Really looking forward to getting my beta unit. Quick question: when it's in "standard headphone" mode, is there anything that protects the optics from getting greasy because of hair product etc? @Creator, amazing announcement to hear about the noise cancelling. Thank you for that! @Jim, I'd like to think we can pat ourselves on the back a little, don't you? Ok thanks for the response. I'm hoping that the $499 is cheaper than what the retail price will be for the final version? What if we find "bugs" or design flaws from the beta version? Will we as early supporters be taken care of? Ok, so back to stretch goals...Geordi La Forge edition? <url>"normal" and the "special" edition? I think it's the LED color on the headset? I know the FOV is not that high and the Glyph not built for VR gaming in general, but I would be interested in VIREio, VorpX and TriDEF3D support for it :-) @Jim, I'm going to presume that is where they 'want' the product to be when it hits retail. Kind of a disappointment because just like you, I've read about those features a few times via various coverage but we'll just have to wait and see if we hit the stretch goal unfortunately. @Dale: On the avegant website, they advertise "Glyph Noise Canceling + Premium Audio"... I'm confused now. @Jim, I got that same feeling from the coverage, hopefully it can become a reality. @Dale, Ah... I see that now. For some reason, I thought noise canceling was already baked in from the CES coverage. Here's hoping for a million, not a legitimate replacement for Bose QC's without noise canceling. @Dan, I know exactly what you mean, I managed to snag number 4 I believe. @Jim, I believe there is a single stretch goal, at the very bottom for $1M mark. ha ha, I am the 20th+++. And to think I was going to wait until 10 am! Now, let's talk about stretch goals..... I think I've been refreshing kickstarter's "Recently Launched" page every minute for the last hour just in case it went early... glad I got to be one of the first 10 backing this project, cant wait to see how it evolves! Can't wait, been following you guys for quite some time.