As I sat in the Nautilus at the bottom of the ocean, I saw a giant squid pass the ornate brass framed portal and knew that Nemo had no intent of freeing me from his perilous quest. I longed to be traveling by land and air to make my way around the world. I hoped to relive my time in the African Jungles and fantasized about a journey to distant worlds. For I am a 19th century gentleman, a knight in the Order of Odd Fellows and a bit of a dreamer. - Alexander A. Willis, 1846 - 1940 Captain Nemo My great great grandfather loved books, and fantasy. Enamored by DeFoe's novel, Robinson Crusoe, he left his home in Bathurst, Canada at 15 and traveled across the United States and took a sailing vessel to the South Pacific where he settled alongside the famous writer Robert Louis Stevenson. He spent the rest of his life seeing and experiencing much of the South Pacific and had a number of real life adventures of his own. In honor of my great great grandfather and to honor two of my favorite authors from the turn of the previous century, I created a full color, fully illustrated deck of playing cards which is being produced by USPCC under their Bicycle Brand. I call the deck, A Victorian Adventure. In keeping with the fantasy theme, we've included some minor modifications to traditional garb and weaponry to appeal to the current steam punk genre. I love the deck, and the stories it tells. Each suit represents a different novel: Spades: 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Diamonds: A Princess of Mars (most people are more familiar with the hero of the story; John Carter), Hearts: Tarzan, and Clubs: Around the World in 80 Days. And because my GG Grandfather was a friend of and purchased some cows from his widow, we have honored Robert Louis Stevenson by presenting a Jekyll and Hyde Joker pairing. We hope you love the art and fantasy that has so richly filled our lives for more than a century. Come and let's journey back to the Victorian Era, and take a grand adventure! Did you miss your chance to get a Michel Frommer 1616 Bicycle Deck? Add $10 for a deck of the Michael Frommer 1616 Bicycle Silver Premium Deck or $15 for the Italian Suited Deck. Full Uncut Sheet! Add $35 to your pledge and get a full uncut sheet of cards ready for framing! Why hide this deck, display it for your friends and family to see (as well as those nosey neighbors who you would consider mild acquaintences as best). Around the World in 80 Days Get More Decks! We've made it easy. Just multiply the number of additional decks with the price identified in the description of your pledge level! Read a Book! If for some reason you have not read or if you don't have copies of the books that this deck is inspired by, you can just add the collection in one large volume by adding $25 to your pledge level. Stretch Goal #1. At $9,000 a free download of artwork formatted for desktops and cell phones. Stretch Goal #2. At $10,000 we will add 1 free 8" x 10" Art Print randomly selected from the deck. This will be a print of the actual artwork not in card format, numbered and signed. Stretch Goal #3. At $15,000 we will offer a second back design. More goals to come as we get further down this path. First, you need to understand that I don't bill international shipping as inclusive in the pledge level or added to the pledge level. First because while I can provide a grid, I cannot account for every country without making this an ad page for USPS. Second because for every dollar you pledge on KS, 10% goes to KS and Amazon, which means I would have to charge an additional 10% on the actual shipping to cover costs. Third, and the best reason, is that I charge actual shipping. It gets printed on the label. It's more work on our end to email, invoice and process your payment, but if it saves a buck... Also, lesson 101 on KS. If you need a specific $ amount to pay for the production of an item, and a specific amount of the pledges are earmarked to pay for shipping, you don't actually make what you need to cover your production costs. So, many people start their pledge levels higher to account for fees, non-payments and international shipping. I try to keep the goal as low as possible to improve the likelihood of the project succeeding. Now that I've bored you, here is the table. Sorry, you will have to calculate the weight for add-ons yourself. Hi gang, it's been a while since this project ended and I don't want you to think that because I don't post weekly updates to tell you how wonderful the weather is here in Pennsylvania or how Bessie the cow had a healthy calf last week, that nothing is progressing. The thing is that the process is straight forward, but there are expected issues sometimes with design that have to be tweeked. While the cards are great, the tuck box had to be touched up a little. Some very fine line issues, spacing to the folds and the required verbage for USPCC had to be modified. But after two attempts I made all the necessary corrections. Will you notice a difference? Not unless you have a microscope, but I'm told that these little details are what makes the quality of the deck. And here I thought it was just how cool the cards were. Pressing on, all is good here. Thanks again for your support! Don't forget to check out another deck I designed and is currently being offered through Man Made Games: <url>"Ponder the Mystery" and I was very excited to give a deck from my first Kickstarter project called Zombie Origin. To be honest, he gave a Spocklike response to it with a raised eyebrow and an odd look, I wondered if he in fact was pondering the mysterious deck I handed him. Also, for those of you who are receiving this deck, it was deck number 007. Sorry for those of you that are not getting the deck, all the decks have been spoken for and are being mailed all week long to the people who pledged on the project and a few select folks which include some celebrities (Andrew McCarthy is not getting one, he was nice enough to spend a little time with at the show, but he was not at all interested in playing cards. Perhaps if I created a Mannequin deck he'd change his mind). :) Thanks for reading this non-project related update. It's just very exciting for a start up card making company to share it's products with people they have idolized and who have formed some of the way I see things. I will be posting a full uncut sheet view of the deck this week. Stay tuned. This is the third and final deck I am producing on my own. After this one I will be producing decks for Man Made Games. I wanted to do one more that was truly by my own design and vision. Some of you may ask why I didn't make a Bicycle deck??? To be honest, the aesthetics didn't suit the Logo requirements (in other words, the deck wouldn't look good with Bicycle written across the top). However, I appreciate the outstanding services that USPCC provides, and the quality that so many Bicycle deck enthusiasts demand. I have a lot I will add regarding this project as time goes by. Again, thank you everyone for your ongoing support of my decks. Alex @ Matthew, yes everything is going well. I am trying to coordinate delivery to me for the end of October so I can begin shipping at the beginning of November. I can't have it delivered earlier due to storage space and shipping on my other project. But all the artwork has been approved and we are good to go. :) Thanks again for your support! @Gail. True, I am really bad at writing updates. I pledge on a lot of projects myself and my mailbox gets full of unnecessary updates and I wish all they'd send me is the notice that the shipping is happening. So far so good, however I did have to redo the tuck box onto a more current version of the tuckbox template from USPCC as the one I had was dated. I also removed the UPC from the box bottom as I don't intend on selling the balance of the decks in retail. I will say that my test deck is awesome (except that somehow I missed one card...which is why you should always do a test deck..don't worry I found it). As far as doing the backerkit, it's a no go. Too much money for no real benefit. Prior to shipping I'll send out a message to go to my Amazon store to purchase any extra decks they'd like. I'm psyched about getting this deck printed as I have a Steampunk show I'm going to in November and I want to show this deck off while I'm there!! :) Thanks again for your support. @Brian - I have considered doing a BackerKit like a lot of other projects for people who missed the opportunity to take advantage of some of the add-ons. Unfortunately I don't have any other projects that will start before we deliver the Micael Frommer decks, but I will be selling decks after shipping and I will send messages to everyone who have pledged on my projects where they can find them. Thanks again for your support. @Gail. Not a push at all. After a project I don't like to send a lot of updates that don't really speak to anything, I'd rather just offer a few: 1. Surveys are out. 2. Shipping ramping up, make address changes now. 3. Shipping has started. 4. Email me if you didn't get your item. Still, I forget sometimes that people have pledged on a promise and need to be reassured that everything is still sailing smoothly. So thanks for reminding me to be human, and to speak to the fans who have pledged on this deck! Much appreciated. :) @Gail - glad to see your anxious as am I. I posted an update today about the time between the end of a project and the start of the process. Normally, it takes two weeks after a project to finish before everything settles with the payments (KS & Amazon) and we have a good list of people who have paid their pledges. Surveys are out and hopefully people will respond quickly, but either way the process for production has begun. I received my proof deck which is great but there is a reason why you should make sure you have a proof deck... the trim is too close to the suits so we are adding a couple of mm all around. I want to be sure it's as perfect as possible! Thanks again for your support. Thanks @Rebecca and @Cerity for the education on cross-promoting. I have several friends who have current projects on KS at the moment and I help them by promoting them on my FB site. Thanks @336 backers! We are just over goal so we all need to hold fast and hope we don't drop any more pledges. It is confirming to know that other people like my decks as much as I do. Thanks for all the extra last minute support! It has paid off big! Only $6 to go. These are always a bit of a nail biter at the end. I will remain optimistic. :) I will be contacting the staff to see if they'd highlight the project during it's last week. Also, people who starred the project but didn't pledge will be making their appearance in the last couple of days. Every little bit helps. Thanks again for your encouragement. @Anna - if you are on the early bird just change the dollar amount when you manage your pledge. It's $9 for additional decks for early bird buyers. Thanks @Nani, both for the kind words about the deck and consideration for casting a wider net. I am taking your advice and I put it under design. To be honest this deck is being seen, but there are some big players selling decks out there and people can't afford to buy all the cool decks they see. I don't blame them because I love some of the other decks currently on KS. (If you look at my pledge history you can see which ones I've pledged on). 16 days and $3,500 to go. :) As expected @Corby, once I changed the category to Table Top games I did not get a single hit. I have readjusted it to Graphic Design. But the best way to get this deck seen is for all of your to like it on Facebook and share the project with your friends. Thanks @Corby. Many times playing cards get lost in the shuffle of table top games (pun intended). Because it's an art deck, it fits in many areas to include Art. However, with 17 days left, let's put it under table top games and see what happens. :) @Jamie - Thanks we can use all the help we can get. While we still have time, it'd be great to actually get to some of the stretch goals. @Kirk - You've named all of my favorite decks currently on KS (except that Steampunk Cthulu reprint just finished). Comic book fans should really check out Instruments of War! Hi Andrea, yes the add-ons all get ironed out in the survey. It can be confusing during the project and the math is always a challenge, sorry I wish there was a shopping cart on KS. :) As far as a mailing list, we've been designing a new site at playmmg.com where we will be starting a place where people can sign up to find out what projects we are working on. And we are working on some VERY cool things! Thanks Aron, I am a huge fan of classic literature. I have considered creating decks based on characters from Poe, Goete, Bronte... and there are more characters than I can count that Verne offers. Thank you for your kind words, this has been one of my favorite decks to create. @Nani - I am considering a second back option, but it'd be at the $15,000 level. I like the idea of the blue icon, perhaps a different icon in a different color in the middle... Thanks for the idea! @Douglas - Thanks! I was trying to find a way to sell the extra 1616 decks I will have in September. I just noticed that other deck designers are doing the same thing. So... we’re not getting the cards? Yeah for all the money Kickstarter makes they should be able to reimburse people who get screwed on projects like this and then go after the creator themselves to recoup their costs. Seems like that would be more fair and would deter scams, since they would have to deal with Kickstarter instead of John Doe. I read this recently and immediately thought of this project, and another card deck project from Alex Willis, neither of which ever happened, to my knowledge. <url>"your" comments as well. I will check them for reddit nicks periodically. I am one of the few people who got a full refund, but I feel somewhat guilty because I actively promoted this campaign. Does a lawsuit have to be in the state of PA where Alex Willis resides? Jeremie, what did you find out from the US playing cards company, did he ever place an order? I'm still pissed to be out $24.50, and no response from the letter I wrote him. Dunno So any updates on the lawsuit? I've contacted Kickstarter about this seeming to be a scam; and also the United States Playing Card Company to see if Alex Willis ever placed an order with them. By any chance is there anyone else in Philadelphia. I actually live in the same city as him evidently lol. Unbelievable that with so many backers scammed Amazon Payments or Kickstarter, those who have access to the information necessary to find him and attempt to get back the funds do nothing. I do know it is not per Kickstarter policy to intervene in such matters but in the case of obvious fraud you think Amazon payments would have some means of recourse. Anyone else in California? If so, I just filed a complaint with the California State Attorney General's office & I encourage you to do the same. I live in Canada Dustin...would Canadians benefit? This user's account has been deleted. To all backers of this project that was funded and did not deliver any rewards: The State of Washington Attorney General's Office has filed a lawsuit against another Kickstarter project creator whose project (Asylum Playing Cards) performed in the same deceitful manner as this one (i.e., promised rewards, fully funded, and reneged without delivering any rewards). The lawsuit seeks restitution for consumers effected, civil fines, and reimbursement of the state's legal costs. Since neither Kickstarter nor Amazon Payments have taken any actions in response to the numerous complaints that many of us have made, this is a promising option. Here is the information on the lawsuit: <url>#.U2RhP1eTK4r I am going to make a complaint ! @safyrejet - reddit name fuzzball67 Ouch, Thomas! I feel really bad for you to be out $185. I don't think you or anyone else will hear back from KS, but the fact they let him have a second project when the first was not properly fulfilled, makes me think KS was negligent for not doing their due diligence. Yes they have a disclaimer, but that should not absolve them from negligent acts. Pretty sure there are many people on KS who curse the name of Alex Willis, if indeed that is his real name. Probably changed it by now. @safyrejet: reddit name: llrivas Thanks! Freaking hell. 1st Mar 2014. I have given up hope on this deck. Curse you Alex. I urge anyone who pledged for Kickstarter campaigns that never delivered to complain on Kickstarter. Just go to the bottom of the page, click Support under the Help section, find the project, and then open up a support ticket. The more the better! ETA: If anyone checks out the comments section in the MF deck kickstarter, it looks like the reddit commenter Sebastian will be checking this thread as well. Thanks Sebastian. Please add me to your subreddit too. I've tried sending Alex messages and given him as much benefit of the doubt I can. This is just unacceptable. Nickname "safyrejet" Wyng'd Lyon, The content I put in quotes was a copy/paste of someone else's comment on the other project which I linked to (the blue hyper link in the second comment there) I didn't make the reddit thing. Sorry, I actually don't even know how I would get into the reddit conversation, which is what I indicate in the second comment. This isn't the only project Alex Willis has set up and collected money on, then cut off contact and updating on after it's too late for most people to get refunds. Bryan, You can, but you normally only have 30-60 days from the charge date to do so. At least that is what my bank does. Dumb question - if I used my debit card to pay for this project, can I still file a complaint as if it were credit card fraud? @safyrejet: reddit name: wyngdlyon Thanks! Only thing is, I'm not sure how we'd get access to the reddit conversation, given we can't contact the guy who created it. But still, anyone who's stuck trying to figure out what to do, the comments from this project might enlighten you. <url>"Alex can read anything we write here, which may be a problem now that some start with legal proceedings. I created a private subreddit where we can discuss this in a more private setting. <url>"your" comments as well. I am one of the few people who got a full refund, but I feel somewhat guilty because I actively promoted this campaign." I haven't heard anything back from my complaint with Kickstarter either and that was a week ago =( I'm out $185, and did not realize this was a scam until I just read all the recent comments here. I reported my loss to Kickstarter and to Amazaon Payments, but have heard nothing back. Nani - I took part of your comment and wrote the following: This project creator, Alex Willis, ran a fraudulant project and gave us just enough updates to push us over the dispute deadline! He stole everyone's money and I am now out $24.50 It is apparent that he had no intention of fulfilling this project, but instead was using the money to attempt to finance a previous project, which also remains unfulfilled. I reported at the bottom of the home page and encourage others to do so as well. Maybe it will get some attention of Kickstarter. I reported this project with the button on the bottom of the project's home page. I wrote: "This project creator, Alex Willis, ran a fraudulant project and gave us just enough updates to push us over the dispute deadline! He stole everyone's money and I am now out $25. According to the comments, he also did the same thing with his previous project. Why did KS let him have another project?? I understand that you are not guaranteeing the projects, but you have to do your due diligence before approving a second project for funding! Come on you guys, please make an extra effort to make things right." I tried both. Amazon's special dispute department said they wouldn't do anything, and neither would my CC company. Alex gave us just enough updates to push us beyond the timeframe to file a dispute, which is making me furious. I contacted Kickstarter, and they said they are trying to contact him directly to get him to give us updates and reply to outstanding messages. Thanks you guys for the heads up, I will try Amazon. Once I find the right link! Since we use our credit cards with amazon, do you think we have any recourse with the credit card company? I also contacted Amazon payments and report this project and his other that I contributed to. I suggest other contributor's do the same as this is theft and fraud. I just ran into the problem with it being more than 75 days. I called Amazon Payments directly, and their special dispute team is going to investigate the issue. Hopefully, I will have good news in a few days that they will be giving me my money back. FYI....This doesn't seem to be the only project he's failed to deliver on: <url>"Problems with this transaction". Make sure you copy the transaction number before you click it, as they are going to ask you to reference it on what ever option you select for disputing the charges. I wrote to Alex at the address in PA, but have not heard back. I am out $25. Does Amazon refund payments for non delivery? Has anyone ever gotten a refund from Amazon? I wonder if I can go to the credit card company that I used for my Amazon account. I didn't even know you could use Paypal with KS, the only option I could find was amazon. Learning more everyday! How do we go about getting a refund from Amazon payments? Just for those who aren't aware - I just tried to find contact information on Alex's publishing company - AP Publishing House. I've visited the page several times for information in the past, but today, the website seems to be gone. I get a "sign into office 365" page. I tried signing in to see if was an error on my side of the system, but it's an AP Publishing sharepoint sign in page. So...it looks as though the parent company through which this deck is supposed to be shipped is no longer public. I've messaged Alex for the 3rd and final time to get a refund. If I don't hear anything this week, I'll be opening a dispute through Amazon payments. It's too bad, really. The reason I pledged with him again was because of the good experience (with a smaller pledge amount) that I had with the zombie deck. And I did my research for that one - I figured a publishing company would be able to handle these kinds of projects with no problems... Just goes to show. I emailed Kickstarter to report this. and i called Alex and left a message on his Phone I did get a refund from the 1616 Project thru My credit card as i had paid thru PayPal and they have an agreement to back PayPal Transactions. Good Luck....steve Pulled this from the comments on one of Alex's cancelled KS Project: Michael Ferrante on Nov 28 Since he is seems to be trying to disappear, here is Alex's Contact information: 100 Wood Corner, Lititz, PA 17543 (717) 733-5158 Well darn it to heck. One of the least expensive Kickstarters I have contributed to, but one I had lots of excitement in receiving. Alex is definitely off my Christmas Card list. (If I wrote Christmas Cards) So her eis the answer from USPCC: Hi Andreas, The Michael Frommer deck is printed and pending shipment. Victorian Adventure is not printed as of yet. Thanks! So... I think we've been scammed! Bye Bye money People on another project are claiming this guy is scamming people and should be reported. They say he cancelled a third project when someone said he was scamming people. So I think we've all been scammed! :/ Andreas - Did you send the message to USPCC or to Alex? December 28th in Asia, and I have not received my decks.... I have written and asked if the decks were actually printed the USPCC. If I have an answer, I'll write it here I emailed him directly and messaged through KS with no response to either. A couple of people were able to get refunds, but no such luck for me so far. Nobody is hearing anything directly from Alex? I officially filed a mail/wire fraud complaint with the USPS. Internet activity does count according to their FAQ. Alex was nice enough to leave up a website with his address, phone, and email. I will post an update if I hear from the post office. Nani - It looks like the KS before this one failed to ship. He was promising that they would October timeframe if I remember correctly. I don't think this was a "fake". It looks like his first project did work out, but then things went wrong for him. I pledged $25 and expected these for Christmas.... Jamie, you mean there are other KS projects he reneged on? I guess I did not do my pre-pledge homework well enough, as I missed that bit of info. Brian, I am not sure we can go to the postal inspectors because nothing was sent via US mail. Dang, if Alex does not come through, then this is the second fake project that I backed. The first is the Felted Soaps. Jamie's guess seems reasonable. I'm still hoping that he will turn up again (perhaps after the new year) and say _something_ but we'll see. I don't mind being patient, but and hopefully I'm not just waiting for nothing. Is there a possibility to ask the USPCC if the cards were printed at all? This site contains links to file a complaint: <url># on another one of the KS projects and I see that at least a couple of people have contacted him to get refunds using that method. Anyhow, Alex, if you can't afford to come through please come out and say so. Then you can deal with us in an adult fashion, be it us saying "Nevermind", giving a refund or finding a way to actually get our cards if/when they are actually printed. Jaie I'd appreciate an update as well. (Y'know, in case complaints have to reach some sort of critical mass before we get a response). I don't think we are ever going to get a response or the deck. What are our options? Kickstarter is useless for undelivered projects. Can we all start filing wire fraud complaints with the USPS? Yo Al my Family is down in Philly Should i send them over to get the Cards.......steve Hello, any News about the cards? I sent a message yesterday and have not had a response yet. Ok...so what's going on? No update in 3 months is a bit excessive to say the least. were the cards at least printed... if not I want my money back Well, I'm disappointed. Any news at all? Life support? Anything? Any updates on this or your other MMG projects? <url>ànt advertiser suspended. Since your spam on three projects there have been an unproportionate increase in funds vs backers. Declined cards help noone. Especially if Alex can't pay for the USPCC run. Wohoo! $41 away! Less than $1000 to go! Alex, can you move these to the Design category? Decks of playing cards there seem to be doing well. Maybe send a note to the designers of the Calaveras and Federal note and Persian cards and ask them to mention (and link to) your project to their backers (and do the same for them). I've increased my pledge a few times and really want to see this project get funded. I went from buying 2 decks to a brick of 12, really want these! I added another deck yesterday. I added two more decks. They will be great presents. Come on folks!! Double up and give them to friend! They will love them! Doubled my pledge! Lets make this happen people. An update with info about the add-on's and a link to them might help since people don't always read the comments and it's pretty far down on the front page. www.kickstarter.com/projects/344063227/fund-michael-frommers-1616-silver-bicycle-playing I feel like this is the little engine that could: I think we can! I think we can! We can do it I'm sure! Alex, is there anyway you can contact KS and ask if the would look at your project to consider for a Staff Pick? As it is down to the last week maybe you can get some exposure there. We need the big guns out now! This user's account has been deleted. I love your work, but it appears that it's going to become a theme that your projects give me multiple heart attacks before they end :P Awesome thanks will do that! Hi I'm considering to upping my pledge to two decks but I was one of the early backers how much should I add? Thanks after looking at them again and again I like them even more See the cards project "Federal 52", that was under just plain "design"? Wouldn't the Design category cast a wider net? That is actually the first place I go when looking for projects to back. Your cards are the nicest set out there. There must be a reason people are not seeing your project easily. Ill keep telling my friends...but I only have a few! This is an awesome deck. I love the artwork! However, I believe this would be fully funded now if you had put it under Games: Tabletop games... I'm sharing like mad everyone on the internet I can find to share. These cards are amazing. I love them and you'll be happy to know you are my very first kickstarter that I backed! Thansk to Jamie Bergman for sharing!!!!!! Sharing the heck out of this one! Wow! Steampunk Cthulu gets a reprint, Elves & Orcs is almost funded, Instruments of War is launched and now this awesome project! Never a better time to be a cardophile and a Steampunker! One more thing: Is there some way those of us who support your projects can be put on some kind of mailing list for future ones? Your work is terrific and I would really hate to miss the next literary collection. Please excuse what may sound like a stupid question, but I assume the add-ons will be ironed out on the survey at the end of the project? I love this deck, but I really want an Italian 1616 deck as well and so pledged for this deck and added $15 for the other. Or is there something else I need to do as well? I love the art as well as the concept! I really hope you hit your goal. Would love future decks with other literary themes. Good luck. Any chance of adding 1616 deck's to this project as add-on's? The cards are beautiful. But rather than having your first stretch goal the option to buy a box, what do you think about instead making a blue backed deck? You only need to change the red icon to blue. This would be a better value for your backers who ordered two decks. That could be a $9,000 stretch goal (it doesn't have to be labeled as #1, since you can't changed KS copy).