AdControl doesn't just keep your devices adfree, but blocks the ads even before they reach your network allowing it to speed up loading of the sites and saving data. There are so many products out there, most of them are truly original, but only a few of them are actually making your life easier and faster. By removing all the ads from the internet the loading of any site is almost twice faster. Save bandwidth and clear your internet from annoying ads easily with AdControl. We started working on AdControl as students. (Our main goal was to create a device thatwould not just remove all the ads from the internet but on the other side make your life easier.) We wanted to recreate how the internet looks today.Because we were not happy with the situation. Why should we watch stupid advertisement before watching any youtube video? How many times you come across a site where you have to literally guess where to click to get to the desired content. Before After Notice the speed difference! AdControl is probably one of the easiest devices to setup on the earth. Just plug it in between your router and internet gateway. Power it up and you are ready to go. If you want to add a website to your white list you can easily do it from the Android/iOS app or the control panel from your browser. Ads on the internet always change but you dont have to worry because AdControl keeps always up to date with the new ads. Control panel accessible from any browser Or use the Android/iOS app. (Free) AdControl is great for Makers, Hobbyists, and those that like to Do it Yourself. All of our hardware and software is open. We have created libraries and examples for use that make it easy for you to get your home device on a next level. We design our devices to be intelligent so they are easy to use. Once finalized, we will release schematics, firmware, and anything else you might need to hack, change, or recreate the AdControl device! We know that there are many creative users out there. So we decided that we won't make our case but open a competition between the users. The user with the best looking case will get two more AdControl devices the basic case files are free to download on our official page or below. To post your creations just upload them and put a link in the comments. We will make a open poll so the users can vote which case looks the best. Case basic file: <url>"our servers". the update cant rewrite your device settings adcontrol will be auto-updated always from our servers with the new configuration to keep up against ads. @Max Zurlino <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. Eric Holzheuter is the resourceful exception. No Floridians here for some due diligence? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. From the very beginning the device looked impossible to be created, because it's nearly impossible to distinguish the ads from the content. And if you use https or VPN, the device knows nothing about the transferred data. I pledged just of curiosity, as I do with plenty of Kickstarter projects. I wanted to see even the effects of failed efforts. Yet the actual outcome, the deliberate scam, is bad. Even more bad is Kickstarted attitude to this. It is unacceptable to take 10% from every funded project WITHOUT vetting them. It is unacceptable to send dumb responses (like this one below, from 'Travis') when bakers alert the service about a scam. Shame to Kickstarter. This AdControl is a tiny scam, but maybe the Zano failure will shake them. We Got Scammed. That's all there is to it. I can't get my money back as it was months ago. Kickstarter sent their bs "funds were distributed go cry to the creator." Rubber stamp reply. So FINE.!!!! I won't get anything back. I WILL however write to EVERY social site and friend talking about how Kickstarter scammed me and everyone else, and NEVER use their crappy service again. I've already contacted a writer for Engadget about doing a story about how Kickstarter projects rip people off. Once they start losing money we will see how quickly they respond. I urge everyone to do the same. Rui - I can't believe that after all this time they have not acknowledged that this Kickstarter was a total scam and the loser that got our money is long gone. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Nov 13, 8:23 AM Hi there, Travis here with Kickstarter support--thanks for reaching out and sorry to hear about the frustrating experience you've had with this project. Successfully funded project creators plan their project around the funding they received while it was live on Kickstarter. As a result, these funds are often tied up in the completion of the project, or fulfillment of rewards. If you'd like to see if a refund may be possible, you can reach out to the project creator directly. To message a project creator, visit the project page and click on the creator's profile image. This will open up their bio page where you can click the blue "Contact me" link to send them a message. As funds are dispersed directly to the project creator, we're unable to facilitate refunds. That said, I hope that this matter is resolved soon and am here to help if you have any other questions or concerns. Best, Travis No luck with my bank either. I feel like KS should at least refund the 10% they got... And Jeff DeWolfe that's awful/ridiculous! What is crowd funding without the crowd... talked to my bank. they can't help. Same for me my credit card comapny said it was to late for a refund since it didn't haven 10days after payment. After all the money people spend on this site and trying to help small businesses I find it quite sad from Kickstarter that they have NO interest what so ever in helping us or even preventing such fraud to happen... The only reason why I haven't supported any campaigns since!!! hope they start realizing this soon.. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Same here, my credit card company refuses to refund. Thanks Kickstarter. This is why Shark Tank only invests in proven, completed products. Kickstarter is to blame as they're taking 10% (on average) for, in most cases, doing nothing. So they can afford to vet each and every project rather than just letting anyone and everyone with an e-mail address spam the site. In any case, for future backers. ALWAYS, ALWAYS do a google image search for any picture that is posted in a kickstarter, you can simply drag the image into the search box. This includes product images and "inventor" images. This is the number one simplest way to quickly weed out the worst kind of scammers. The lazy ones. I am surprised this comment thread does not blow up. 212 backers were clearly mislead into backing a project that had no intent of ever executing. You should all be really ticked off. I agree that Kickstarter should address the 212 backers head on. It's clearly not their fault that this inventor is a cheater. But they could address it rather than ignore it. I for one have stepped way back from backing any project and it's a shame because it really gave me a rush to help inventors achieve their dreams. Now I'm just looking at inventors to see if they are of questionable character. Sad. My credit card company refuses to refund as this does not fall within their 30 day limit to report...wtf. Thanks a lot Kickstarter. I'll never use it again Absolutely terrible service with KS Yes, very frustrating that Kickstarter will not help us out... Just contacted my card company and they're giving me my money back. It's really not so much the bucks ($49), but the fact that this was a blatant rip-off and Kickstarter was clearly aware of it, and did nothing. I've had so much better luck with KS as opposed to Indiegogo's wide-spread fraud problems, but this was so obvious, that they had to know & should have gone after him. FYI, Kickstarter set my account to "under review". I had to send in 3 support tickets before I got any sort of reply. The reply said that I had to reverse the charge back on this project with my credit card before they would help. They got a nasty response back. So frustrating that Kickstarter doesn't do anything to help backers of fraud projects... <url>"You reimburse us now or you can't accept Visa/Amex as payment method on your website..." So in the end, use Ryan's advice, always pay on Kickstarter with a decent credit card, you will get your money back. I got my account credited. Here was the dispute resolution: "We are pleased to let you know the inquiry has been resolved in your favor because the merchant has not yet provided the necessary information. Therefore, we have issued credit to your account." Ha! It made me laugh!! Ha! Yup, ditto on the credit card dispute. My money is back. "Thank you for contacting Capital One regarding your recent dispute with KICKSTARTER NOT SURE Y. At this time a credit has been issued to your account in the amount of $29.00. A letter of confirmation has been sent to your address on file. " I have successfully gotten my money back through my credit card via chargeback, and since KS knows they don't have a leg to stand on via their terms of service, they will simply sit by and not acknowledge the fraud. So don't both expecting for this guy to be tracked down, or starting a lawsuit or anything else since it's a waste of time. If you paid with a credit card, start a chargeback, that's your only recourse. If it was paid via any other method, you lost your money. Hard truth. Use real credit cards only via KS, never debit, bank draft, paypal , or amazon payment services. Here is the whois information from ad-control.net in case it is needed Registrant Name: Clynton Taylor Registrant Organization: N/A Registrant Street: 16181 SW 155th CT Registrant City: Miami Registrant State/Province: Registrant Postal Code: 33187 Registrant Country: US Registrant Phone: +145.678971234 Registrant Phone Ext: Registrant Fax: Registrant Fax Ext: Registrant Email: <email> Registry Admin ID: Admin Name: Clynton Taylor Admin Organization: N/A Admin Street: 16181 SW 155th CT Admin City: Miami Admin State/Province: Admin Postal Code: 33187 Admin Country: US Admin Phone: +145.678971234 Admin Phone Ext: Admin Fax: Admin Fax Ext: Admin Email: <email> Registry Tech ID: Tech Name: Clynton Taylor Tech Organization: N/A Tech Street: 16181 SW 155th CT Tech City: Miami Tech State/Province: Tech Postal Code: 33187 Tech Country: US Tech Phone: +145.678971234 Tech Phone Ext: Tech Fax: Tech Fax Ext: Tech Email: <email> Dispute with credit card submitted and FTC complaint lodged. I will retract if there is any communication from the project creator who has been silent for months. Merchant Name: KICKSTARTER NOT SURE Y 9292244943 FL 33187 US Date Posted: 04/08/2015 Transaction Amount: $29.00 Disputed Amount: $29.00 Reason For Dispute: I never received the merchandise or service for which I was charged Also filled a complaint. Thanks Completed, Very Helpfull Thanks Aurelien. Only Takes a Couple of minutes I encourage everone else to fill out the FTC complaint form. Done. Thank you. That was helpful. I forgot to give the adress for the complaint to the FTC : <url>#crnt I have just filed a complaint on the FTC website so that they can begin a class action lawsuit against Kickstarter and the project creator. Please do the same at this adress : You can use this description of the events in the comments section of your complaint : On april of 2015, I have pledged $49 toward a Kickstarter campaign to build an adcontrol electronic device. Here is the link : <url>‘Website account suspended’ I wonder what Kickstarter will do now to protect its backers? Actually, it looks like the creator was totally honest and everyone thought it was a typo. his final update says "we are working hardly to finish the software and update our site" It's true, he's hardly doing anything. It's certainly possible to bring a case like that, but the total amount is just shy of Grand Larceny, so it's unlikely anything will happen. Even a class action lawsuit is not going to pan out. Plus, 99% chance all the creator's information is fabricated. I also should note, it would be highly difficult to product the number of boards that were pledged for within the budget allotted. Especially when the device involves BGA chips, which generally can't be assembled by hand at all. If the product was already done R&D, maybe. but the more I think about it, the more scammy it looks. Since the funds were likely wire transferred and it appears for the time being that the inventor has no plans to follow through, Kickstarter should refer this case to the FBI as wire fraud. I don't mind someone not able to deliver after trying hard, that's what Kickstarter is about. But when someone has no intention of following through and just grabbing the funds, this should be considered a criminal case. The inventor should really inform us of his intentions or Kickstarter should refer it to the authorities and inform us of the investigation. I thought I'd share this as well. During the dispute process, maybe others have noticed if they are frequent backers, the name of the charge should should up as Kickstarter - name of project. This one shows up as "04/09/2015 Purchase $85.00 KICKSTARTER NOT SURE Y". I should have saw that and immediately questioned why the project was un named, but instead called "Not sure yet" To anyone else who didn't use a credit card and used debit or bank draft, unfortunately, you probably have little to no recourse. Debit cards are the worst, even though they're supposed to have the same protections as credit, they don't. Same goes for me it is to late to react, my Credit card company said I can only go to the police and ask a lawyer to contact the Creator to refund me. I have all my on going projects wich I continue to support but I am not supporting anything on KS anymore. I expect more from such a huge company.... So pissed off to be honest.. I know it's only 35$, but the issue is that such A*ç%holes prove that it's so easy to get free money on KS and the repercussion of this will be that more people like Clynton will join this site. I really hope that KS wakes up and starts looking into this issue more seriously instead of just looking at the problem and sticking there heads in the ground. I d rather start donating the money I spend on this site. IF I am giving money away I would rather see it going to goood use than being on some fake A%&hole's bank account!!! Credit card dispute initiated. I'm done with Kickstarter and Indiegogo after this. Too many of these project creators go off the radar after they get funding. Maybe someone can correct me if I'm wrong, a close zoom of that image up top shows it's a Conexant AccessRunner chip, which is a USB/ADSL modem chipset... Unless I'm reading it wrong, the datasheet for that doesn't seem to cover anything beyond modem support. Curious. Well, before it gets to be too far gone, contact your credit card company, let them know that you feel, due to lack of communication, that something shady is going on and you'd like to get an extension on the filing time-period for a dispute for non-delivery. I use Bank of America and they're very friendly for things like this. One day, KS will be forced to work harder for their money, but in the meantime, they'll just have to pony up the dispute amount when projects like this aren't vetted properly. There is no TOS or agreement that can limit your consumer protection rights via credit card fraud disputes. I'm a backer of a number of projects, and there's no reason to get sour on KS because of one project (regardless if it's your first backing or not). KS can cover their expenses from the 1M+ they earned from the Exploding Kitten campaign. I guess to laugh at our comments while sipping on his Cocktail :P He logged in today! Woah! I am incredibly disappointed in the lack of communication and now reading the below comments I can start to see why. I hope Kickstarter will refund everyone if money has gone out from my account. This is my first backed project and most likely my last. Well there goes my money I hope he is at least enjoying his pina colada on the beaches of Hawaii.. @Earl nothing's going to happen. We all know that lol I contacted KS and was told to wait and see what happens... @Seth yeah I asked the other company where they got their site, they never responded. I just sent an email to that address. The email probably had to be real to verify his KS account. We'll see where this goes... @Trevor that's interesting about the 2 websites; I think it's just a coincidence. I would bet that the website is a generic layout and that info never got changed. Doesn't make this project legit, though. I dunno about the country code being Syria; the phone number is obviously fake (+14567-897-1234), but the address seems real; I looked it up via Miami's property search. Anyone else can look it up, too Clynton Taylor,16181 SW 155th CT, Miami, FL, 33187 and email him here <email> if that's even real... I did as well and they sent me a generic response Under campaign info, there is a button to let kickstarter know there is a post funding problem. Perhaps a whole lot of reports will generate some action? I already reported it. The ad-control website is the same as <url>"gave testimonials"... The address checks out but the phone number doesn't. I'm still saying we all got screwed His country code on his Whois is from Syria Any idea how to complaint kickstarted? I wrote 2 messages and if you check he profile he hasn't been online since the last comments. To be honest I am VERY disappointed in KS and the lake of care / support when it comes to such projects. KS should have more then enough infos about this guy since they had to forward him the money (bank details etc) WHY can't KS contact him and set everything clear. Maybe we should write him an actual letter; his address is listed under contact information for his website, if you do a Whois lookup... I also emailed the creator on here, his personal email, and no response. I emailed KS about this project and its non-existent creator; they don't care. Thanks for nothing... This guy won't answer any of my messages This is the LAST project i back on Shitstarter. Why kickstarter doesn't offer any protection for his user? They just take the money only... It's a shame...there is a look scam like this in kickstarter... Starting to loss faith in kickstarter @Max lol Yeah I know! I didn't even think twice until last night... But there profile picture, it looked so real and trustworthy.... SO happy with his wife... DAMN YOU INTERNET.... Should have known. They made the Facebook account and Twitter account just for this. He has 0 friends on Facebook and 1 follower which is a spam on Twitter Looks like a scam to me Is this a scam?? Did anyone take notice of the significant number of misspelling on the ad-control.net website? Even as a backer for 2 of these, I always get a little cagey when I see misspelling on websites. I mean, seriously spell-check is EVERYWHERE. (It even corrected a few things in this comment!) I have sent a message a few days ago also no answer.. I am starting to lose faith in this product.. Shame was looking for forward to an ad-free internet! Maybe google sent people after you!! thats we aren't getting any feedback.. Shame on you google This is starting to feel a bit dodgy. No updates since being funded. Maybe try sending him a Facebook Message? Still no updates? Why no update :( any news? it's been 7days with no answer. the least you could do is give us a small update.. even if its says you are in hay enjoying a cocktail :P A Update would be nice. How the prototypes going, how is the case going to look like, etc. Or even a small "hello we are alive and working" update would be nice. Any news yet on the units? Can we have a update? do we get any response now since the project was successfully backed? What do I open the file with? <url>"perimeter" ? <url>"bump in the wire" (Layer 2 only for ad blocking) or does it operate mainly at Layer 3? Would it become the gateway of the network since it sits between the router and the modem? Thanks, zoddoz I am guessing that auto-update will be optional, but can you just confirm that? Something connecting to my network before my pc sending and receiving data automatically with out my direct observation makes me concerned of my privacy. I would rather update on demand and use AdControl exclusively as a filter - that has absolutely no way to send outgoing signals (for example, its version or datebase vintage/date). In fact, can you please explain how the update server will know to update AdControl? I should have checked the reward levels. Thanks for letting me know! @poz there was one person on 2000$ reward. This one revoked his pledge Does anyone else find it weird that on the 16th we gained 6 backers but lost over $1500?? <url>#chart-daily Such a thing makes me skeptical of the integrity of the project. Nice to see we are still going up on funds! Good job Clynton!! I wanna know if there is any stretch goals coming up? Regardless of the challenges this project is a step in an unusual and interesting direction. People saying it wont work are limiting their decision on guesswork as to how the project is made. This is an updatable system just like adblock plugin so will evolve. @Poz: Most sites sponsor their existence through advertisement therefore you can't oblige them by law to "mark their ads", so you can filter them easily. This is also why a site owner will always attempt to block the "good content", if he detects a filtering of ads. He might even set a cookie to remember which kind of ad-blocking you are utilizing. There is no "fool proof" filtering (i.e. pop up blocker, javascript blocking, dns blocking, url filtering, forwarding links, etc) without compromises to the "web site functionality" and neither should we expect any magic box to be able to remove most of the ads. The average person has approx. 10 sites which are visited frequently. The best results are still achieved by browser plugins, which are designed to filter ads for the specific webpage and even rewrite the http sourcecode for best user experience. Advertisers will always look for something else and creators of AdBlock software(s) adapt. What is required is regulations to limit they methods used by advertisers such that they to not create ads that appear as regular content - that they are labeled as ads. That way regular websites are not filtered out. It annoys me when I can not view a website because the content in them "look and act" to much like ads. If everyone use Adblock, the advertiser will look for something else! Is it possible to upload new firmware in the future and try to catch the new way of advertise? I am not a fan of IoT, they currently do not address security issues. I'd rather AdControl be as simple and secure as possible. No extra bells and whistles, please. Could you provide the 3D file as an STL file? THanks and Congrats on the successful funding :D Congratulations! Since you are still designing the pcb, could you include few programmable I/O ports for some additional fun? I mean, we have anyway a device connected on our modem, why not expand the functionality with basic IoT? You have already mentioned Raspberry and Arduino for comparison reasons further below... These IO could be used for triggering i.e. an LED whenever a specific DNS was blocked. An activated Child protection mode (URL BLOCKED/black&white list url) could as well be indicated, etc. You may even indicate if somebody "attempted" to do something nasty/illegal on the connection (i.e. accessing the DNS of Pl@yb0y :D or download movies). Furthermore you could activate/deactivate some restricting adcontrol features through an external trigger (i.e. Dad with a remote control, phone of my child in proximity, whatever). I don't want to sound like a "controlling parent"... It is more about "why not already include an interface to the unit since Open source can be expanded to include further interesting features." Just my 5 cents... :) And can it use in Hong Kong with the adapter? Will it affect my normal Internet using sometimes and my wifi is 1000mb, can you make sure it won't lose the speed. maybe one of those power adapter with the plug part where different plate can be swapped for different countries? I've seen few of those supplied with Motorola mobile phones and few other electronic devices so it shouldn't be much of challenge for the creator to source. Then depending on the countries the plug plate can be swapped leaving main power adapter the same. +1 For an Australian power adapter +1 For an Australian power adapter as well Also i was wondering: do we get the design contest case with the adcontrol? Hey, I would like to pledge for a flashdrive to. How to do this? Hi, I noticed that the device will include an US or EU power adapter. Unfortunately, I'm from Australia which uses a different standard power socket. From the picture of your device, the power is delivered by a so called "USB printer cable"? If that is the case, then I use able to attach to a mobile phone USB wall adapter or any USB connector generally? @Creator - let's be precise. Usually, while we load a page with an ad (with no AdControl): a. Our computer (let it be a PC) takes an url of the ads server from the page content and sends a package to the DNS server, asking of the IP for the url. b. The DNS server sends back a package with the IP. c. The PC sends a request directly to the ads server for the ad content. d. The ads server generate and sends the ad content to the PC. If we use AdControl, in which point it cuts in: b, c, d? What answer gets the PC? 404? Some stub? IP equal to 127.0.0.1? @Poz - I think it is safe to conclude from what @creator is staying, AdControl isn't going to save much on anyone's data cap. Just a marketing misstep, in my opinion. 2nd question: what are the security features on the device? Since this goes between the router and modem, it is outside my firewall. How is the software secured to prevent someone from hacking the AdControl and turning it into a bot or injecting other traffic or doing a man in the middle attack? Thanks, zoddoz +1 to Jeffs question, but for a different reason. I have had websites that required me to disable adblock software in order to view the content. Will there be the ability to allow certain machines to bypass this? Web developers sometimes need to test things. Thanks! I don't have much experience with how ads work on the web so apologize if this is very simple or silly, but I'm just wondering how this device manages advertisements if the website that I'm connected to is accessed over HTTPS for example? @Dennis, totally read it but did not realized that is what you meant. That is awesome. @Creator, I think you missed zoddozs point. Your story makes it seem like it will cut down on data usage (many isps have a monthly cap on data usage, for example, I think mine is 400 gb, that the point I will be charged something like $1/gb). Zoddoz is saying that the data will still go through the isp and still be counted toward the monthly used data, so just because you don't load them on your pc does not mean you do not save the data. Unless the dns blocking is an outbound operation. @poz I have a 400mbit fiber connection Is the DNS blocking an outbound operation? I'm just thinking that ads are typically sourced from the website (i.e. I navigate to cnn.com and cnn.com hosts ads that are retrieved along with the website content), which means the AdControl would block the viewing of ads, but this would be an inbound operation. It would follow that the ads were still being generated and sent to your PC, but would be stripped at the AdControl and would count against data used on the ISP. Is this correct? (I still like the idea of network ad control, just questioning if it really saves on data usage). zoddoz @Dennis, not if the AdControl is between your network and the internet, it should not bottle neck your network. A pie with 100 mbps would most likly be fine, for a few years until fiber becomes main stream. Right now I have 50, but I did have 100 for a few years and it sometimes was tested to go over by about 5-10 mbps. @nickon the reason you need 1gbit is simple. If you have a nas or a 400mbit connection like me, you have a bottleneck This Product is pure genius I had this idea in head since 3Years but never the hardware knowledge to work on it... really hats off for doing this and my entire home network thanks you :D Good luck for the amazing campaign. Thanks guys, then i will propably get an Airport Time Capsule or something like that as a second router / NAS. @Creator, just looking at things critically here: apart from easy installation because of the two ethernet ports, what else does your solution add to existing (raspberry pi) solutions that do dns ad blocking? On a sidenote, I think people shouldn't worry about the "limitation" of a 100mbps port for their internet related trafic, because probably your broadband provider will be the bottleneck in terms of speed. @Creator, secondly as you plan to open source the software, it will be possible for us to run it on another board (for example, a raspberry pi with additional ethernet shield), correct? Did you happen to use such boards already for early prototyping? Does the software happen to be portable, out of the box, to these other types of devices? @Creator, can you describe in some technical detail how this device is processing packets and stripping ads? You mention that it will 'speed up' your internet, but this is only true in a relative sense: you need to load less content. My major concern is that it will slow down ALL OTHER outbound traffic. If you need to position it between your router and internet gateway, all of your internet traffic will (at the very least) be placed in the processing queue of your adcontrol device before the packet is passed to your router. Legnano, buy a second wireless router router. I have the same set up as you, but the service company I am with provided a "faster router" with the all in one they gave so I am luck to be able to just use it. For you it would go like this: Fritzbox->adcontrol->NewRouter->wired pc or wireless connections. @Creator: Will this also remove the adds I see in free apps? Essentially just leaving white boxes? Thank you Dennis, unfortunately i use Wireless LAN to connect my devices to the router. @legano you have to put it between your pc and the router cable. Router ->adcontrol>pc I have an IP-based (DSL) internet connection and my setup therefore doesn't need a Splitter just one cable and the modem/router as you can see in the previous picture i posted. So i am afraid i wouldn't be able to use the AdControl. I don't know if i'm able to describe it properly since English is not my native language but this is the Modem/Router i use <url>