“Multi-talented, multi-directional wireless speaker” - What Hi-Fi “Produces unrivaled, full-room sound from its sleek bullet shape” - HiConsumption REVIEWS & MENTIONS Selected Press "The ARCHT One Speaker is the Easiest Way to Fill your Home with Huge Sound"- Supercompressor “This Space-age Wireless Speaker Aims to Blast your Room with 360 Degrees of Audio Awesome” - Digital Trends "Archt One is Tops for all-in-one Bluetooth Sound" - Gizmag "Archt One Cranks Omnidirectional Sound from Eye-Catching Speaker" - Electronic House "ARCHT One is a 360 Speaker Disguised as Art" - Technology Tell “A consistent, distortion free audio which shifts the paradigm of surround sound – it truly is amazing.” - Uber Apparatus "This futuristic speaker packs one heck of a punch" - Tech in Asia THE WORLD'S FINEST WIRELESS AUDIO SYSTEM - ARCHT ONE The World's Finest Wireless Audio System ARCHT One is an audio system born from the dream of delivering a simplistic, elegant, yet powerful audio solution. Before the ARCHT One, listeners in search of the optimal home audio experience were limited to the location where speakers were placed, often leading them to be tethered to very specific spots in a room. In many cases, the result is a rigid, inconsistent audio experience. Today, we see consumers demanding more from their music as freedom of movement and design have become increasingly important. ARCHT One vs the competition We built the ARCHT One from ground up to address that. After years of development by our team of award winning team of engineers and designers, we have engineered and patented our Sound Array technology to create a first of its kind omnidirectional, audiophile quality speaker. Omnidirectional, Audiophile Quality Sound Dispersion With ARCHT One, we aim to transform audio into something that listeners can seamlessly integrate into their lifestyle and home without compromising quality. Incorporating elegant design with innovative acoustics and simple-to-use features, ARCHT One is the ultimate wireless speaker that listeners control at their fingertips. MODERN LIFESTYLE DESIGN: Fits Any Space A Design Piece Like No Other In the past, speaker designs have been characterized as large, boxy objects framing a home’s entertainment system and mounted to specific corners of a room. Connected through a twist of wires and controlled with a remote often misplaced or buried between couch cushions, home audio systems of the past proved cumbersome and crude to the eye. Fits Any Space ARCHT One disrupts all that. ARCHT One comes fully equipped with full range drivers, a sub-woofer, a passive radiator, amplifier, digital signal processor (DSP) and a digital analog (DAC) converter, eliminating wire clutter. All this is efficiently assembled into a sleek package guaranteed to turn heads. Acoustic Perfection ARCHT One is also designed to sound acoustically perfect, regardless of where you put it in the room. ARCHT One’s stunning design architecture incorporates years of acoustic research resulting in the creation of our groundbreaking Sound Array technology. ARCHT One represents a symbiotic relationship between function and design that will transform homes into elegant concert halls with the music quality to match. PATENTED ACOUSTIC INNOVATION: Consistent Multi-Directional Sound Dispersion that Adapts to its Environment Patented Sound Array Many speakers claim to provide true surround sound in a single device. However, speakers are directional by nature and they sound best when listening from a specific point. Adding multiple speakers does not change this reality and can cause distortion and inconsistent audio quality. Consistent Distortion Free Sound ARCHT One is a true omni-directional speaker with a built in sub-woofer ARCHT One solves this problem with its patented Sound Array technology: the only one of its kind. It only uses 3 speakers – a full range driver for the mids and highs, a sub-woofer and passive radiator for the bass. Each of these speakers are equipped with a Sound Array module, which transforms the speakers from directional to omnidirectional. The result is consistent, distortion free audio which redefines the meaning of surround sound - it’s truly amazing. Multi-speaker solution in a single device ARCHT One adapts to its surroundings A first of its kind, dynamic audio optimization allows ARCHT One to adapt to its surroundings. Our custom ARCHT Audio application gives smartphone users the power to optimize the ARCHT One’s sound based upon the space in which it is being used. With the app, ARCHT One will always be tuned to your environment, ensuring you get the best audio experience wherever you are. Dynamic Audio Optimization through the ARCHT Audio App AUDIO AT YOUR FINGERTIPS: Wireless Connectivity and Multi-Zone Pairing Plethora of Connectivity Options ARCHT One has Connectivity Options for Everyone At the push of a button, you can control playback of music directly on the ARCHT One wirelessly from your laptop, tablet or mobile device. Choose from connections such as WiFi, AirPlay, DLNA, Bluetooth and direct USB or AUX and stream music straight from the Internet! WiFi capabilities, in particular, allow you to stream and enjoy your music in high quality formats (24bit/192kHz) – turn the music up and enjoy each song as it was intended to be heard. It’s simple to use and set’s up in under a minute. AirPlay Setup Bluetooth Set Up USB Set Up AUX Set Up ARCHT One supports Multi- Zone over WiFi PLAY Up to 6 ARCHT One speakers can also be connected over AirPlay, either in the same room or in multiple rooms, giving listeners a complete home audio experience. ARCHT One can be connected in True Stereo with Bluetooth Pairing PLAY For those who live by true stereo sound, 2 ARCHT Ones can be paired together in the same room over bluetooth for double the experience! SUMMARY OF FEATURES With ARCHT One, you can once again hear each beat and lyric the musician intended it as the speaker delivers the quality of live performances straight to your living room. We intentionally crafted ARCHT One to be aesthetically-appealing and produce sound quality that is all-encompassing. ARCHT One will provide a definitive home audio experience with high-resolution sound and modern design for a more immersive and personal audio experience. PLAY TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS KICKSTARTER REWARDS Black White Rosso Corsa Red Concept LAUNCHING THE ARCHT ONE - We Need Your Help Our dream began in 2011 when a car audio veteran from Singapore invented the Sound Array, with the vision of transforming how speakers are 'seen' and 'heard'. He started out with high end systems but soon realized that while bigger may be better; the ultimate speaker is not all about raw power, but about the overall user experience. From the first purchase, opening the box, speaker set up and daily use - enjoying high end audio should not be a complicated process. Evolution of the ARCHT One He teamed up with an acoustic expert and industry veteran in the US, with the aim of developing a speaker that would look fantastic, sound awesome and be extremely easy for anyone to setup and use. We displayed hand-crafted prototypes at CES 2014 earlier this year to test this hypothesis. At CES, the team received great feedback from technology and design communities. After the event, we knew we were on to something. Handcrafted Samples Displayed at CES 2014 The ARCHT One project is 3 years in the making. With your support, we can take the ARCHT One from Prototype to Production, and launch in a city near you. ARCHT One Packaging Concept ARCHT ONE DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP ARCHT AUDIO TEAM Thank you for your kind support! Hi guys, Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback. The number one feedback we received was a request for volume control from our app. We listened and we're happy to share that we're working on this right now. Look for an app update from us soon! Keep the awesome feedback coming. - Evan Dear Backers, It's almost been a year since the conclusion of our last campaign, which kickstarted our audio adventure. We hope you are enjoying your ARCHT One and would appreciate your feedback. For any suggestions or help, please write into <email>. Our team is working around the clock (in US and Singapore) and we will respond to all enquiries within 24 hours. We have more exciting news that will be announced in Dec. Stay tuned! In the meantime, do check out our Cyber Monday Special below. It's the perfect time to gift an ARCHT One this holiday season, with free shipping worldwide. Happy Holidays, ARCHT Audio Dear ARCHT One Backers, ARCHT ONE FIRMWARE (ver.117.110) IS NOW AVAILABLE. You can easily update your ARCHT One Firmware for optimal performance using these simple steps: Step 1. Launch the ARCHT One App. Ensure ARCHT One is powered up and connected to WiFi. Step 2. From the top right corner of the App Menu, select "About" followed by "Firmware Update". Step 3. Both the "USB" and "AUX" indicators on ARCHT One will flash to indicate firmware upgrading in progress. Step 4. The upgrade takes about one minute and the ARCHT One will reboot automatically. Step 5. Enjoy your ARCHT One. ARCHT Audio Team Dear Backers, We are pleased to announced that ARCHT One is now on Amazon. We are 1 of 200 exclusive startups selected for Amazon Launchpad. Amazon Launchpad is a new store that curates the cutting-edge, so you can discover unexpected and fresh new products from today’s brightest startups. Check out or Amazon Page by clicking on the image below. Now that all backers have received their ARCHT One's, we'd love to hear how your ARCHT experience has been. We have received great feedback from most backers and would would appreciate if you could visit our Amazon page to post a review on your ARCHT experience! Your voice is critical to helping us build our brand and kind words will go a long way. If you face any issues with ARCHT, please write into <email> and we will address them asap. We hope that you continue reimagining sound with us as we revolutionize the audio industry. Sincerely, - ARCHT Team PS: Do continue sending us your photos of where your ARCHT one sits at home! You can upload them on our facebook page or send them to <email>. Hello Backers, The ARCHT Audio team has been diligently working to provide you with the best possible ARCHT One: An all-in-one audio system that sounds as great as it looks. Our top priority is to provide you (our customers) with the highest-quality audio system available on the market. In efforts to ensure that we deliver an exceptional product, we have encountered some delays than previously expected. While the ARCHT One is ready to be delivered to you, recent port disputes have unfortunately delayed product shipment. We are working persistently to get ARCHT One into your homes as quickly as possible and thank you for your understanding and patience in this matter. We will continue to post updates as we receive them from our shipping team. Thank you all for your continued support of ARCHT One! Best regards, Evan Foo, CEO of ARCHT Audio Please visit our Facebook page for updates regarding shipping <url>"As the track builds and vocals join it, the image grows in size despite coming from a little tiny speaker. Its the piano that sticks with me as it is the only instrument I ever learned to play. Knowing how it should sound, and hearing a speaker get that right, is what my ears love to hear." Finally, we'd like to post a shout out for other cool kickstarter projects and the Somabar looks really neat. It's the world's first robotic bartender designed for the home kitchen, making cocktails in under 5 seconds from a menu of over 300 drinks! Find out why CNET is saying it “could become your most beloved single-purpose kitchen appliance” by clicking on this link <url>#ARCHTone: <url>’ve been blown away by all the support received for our campaign and we can’t thank you enough for helping us to bring the ARCHT One to life. As a way to meet as many of you as possible, we’re hosting a special Google+ Hangout so you can see and hear, LIVE, how the ARCHT One works and get a chance to ask our team your questions about how we developed this revolutionary wireless speaker. The hangout will be hosted by Don, VP Product Development &amp; Sales, and Matt, Lead Engineer. Join us on Tuesday, December 9th at 8pm EST and send your questions ahead of time to <email> or with the hashtag #ARCHTone. Please join our Google+ Hangout On Air, here: Page link: <url>"THE ARCHT ONE SPEAKER IS THE EASIEST WAY TO FILL YOUR HOME WITH HUGE SOUND" Also just released today, we're pleased to announce a sneak peak for the Rosso Corsa Red. Check it out below and consider adding this masterpiece into your living room. We are in constant contact with our factory and are working to deliver a really awesome limited edition Rosso Corsa Red to our backers, with your name engraved. Only 8 of 20 left! An ARCHT like no other. Grab yours today! Dear Backers, The past 5 weeks have been an incredible experience. Each week we learn more about you and what you are looking for in the ARCHT One. We've sought for reviews, showcased more features like Bluetooth pairing and reached out to professional musicians for live demos. With almost one week to go, we've just crossed $200k and we're pleased to share video feature series 3 of 5. In this video, Don explains ARCHT One is compatible with your smartphones, tablets, personal computers, televisions, turntables and guitars. These devices can be connected via 4 input modes - WiFi, Bluetooth, USB and Aux. Some have asked why we have not stated stretch goals after hitting our initial target. Our team debated this extensively but decided not to launch stretch goals for 2 reasons. 1) Stretch goals would delay product delivery We want to honor our promised delivery date and ship product early next year so it arrives by January through March, depending on the tier of your rewards. Any additional changes would delay production and hence shipment. 2) ARCHT One comes with a full suite of functions In developing ARCHT One, we aspired to add a multitude of features that would make it stand apart from the competition. i) ARCHT One comes with the patented Sound Array, that provides consistent multi-directional sound dispersion in a uniquely designed audio system. ii) ARCHT One comes with a multi-speaker solution in a single unit, including a built-in subwoofer that allows listeners to place it in the corner of the room for improved bass response. iii) ARCHT One comes with auto calibration through the iOS app, that automatically tunes ARCHT One to your surroundings, ensuring you always get the best audio experience. iv) ARCHT One comes with a variety of connectivity options from high quality WiFi streaming (AirPlay and DLNA), to Bluetooth, direct USB and Aux. Anyone can connect to it. v) ARCHT One can be paired up via Bluetooth for true stereo output or can be connected to up to a total of 6 ARCHT One over AirPlay for multi-zone or surround sound functionality. All that being said, we are always looking to improve and will continue to listen to your feedback such as adding a battery pack for added portability. At the end of the campaign, we will send out surveys to gather suggestions for additional improvements or what our next product should be. Your voice is greatly appreciated. Dear Kickstarters and backers, Over Thanksgiving, we launched a series of updates to highlight the audio quality of ARCHT One through Paul Jackson's live test and a Black Friday Orbit Plus Turntable bundle. We've been asked why use guitars and turntables to do so? Does the ARCHT One only work with guitars and turntables? The quick answer is, ARCHT One works with most audio devices, from your smartphones, tablets and laptops, to your TVs, turntables and musical instruments. For the long answer, we'll have to go deeper into the topic of Music Quality. ARCHT One is built to produce the highest quality of music, the purest form of which, is live music. Paul Jackson's video therefore presented the strictest test for ARCHT One and for that matter, any other speaker worth its salt. Following which, we have high resolution sources such as Vinyl, CD and FLAC/WAV/AIFF/Apple Lossless (or Lossless files). Turntables use Vinyl, and is as close as we'll get to a music artist's live studio recording. Again a measure of how ARCHT One can reproduce music as the artist intended. For more information on high resolution audio, you can find out more from PC Mag. With increasing hard disk sizes, the music industry is slowly moving towards Lossless file formats (which are CD quality and better than MP3). Already, Forbes has covered this shift and have reviewed online Lossless streaming services, such as Tidal. With WiFi streaming capabilities of up to 24bit/192kHz, ARCHT One is as good wireless as it is wired. Regardless of whether you are streaming Lossless files through your smartphone or are using Vinyl through your turntable, ARCHT One is crafted to produce high resolution audio and deliver the best music experience possible. For those considering the step into the world of high resolution audio, do consider our Black Friday bundles, available through to 5 Dec only with free worldwide shipping! Dear Kickstarters, On this day of thanksgiving, we'd like to say a big thank you for your interest, encouragement and feedback for the ARCHT One project. We've seen a community of music lovers grow with us through the last 30 days. And as we slowly unlock the various features of ARCHT One through a series of videos, we hope to share how you can optimize your ARCHT One to give the best possible home audio experience. Feature Video 1 - Bluetooth showcases how 2 ARCHT Ones are better than 1. Feature Video 2 - High Quality Sound Reproduction showcases how ARCHT One reproduces music as it was recorded. With 15 days to go, we're happy to announce a new set of Black Friday specials that truly bring out the high quality sound reproduction of ARCHT One - by connecting music from the highest quality source. With fellow kickstarter alumni Orbit Turntables, we have created something for everyone - from the music lover, to the audiophile and budding musician. These specials are available for a limited time only and run from Thanksgiving through to 5 Dec. At ARCHT Audio, we want you to enjoy your music as it was meant to be. We hope you enjoy this amazing deal during this happy holiday season. Happy Thanksgiving! Hello Kickstarters! We're really excited to be sharing 2 videos with Paul Jackson, lead guitarist of Bloodgood, putting ARCHT One to the test. Paul grew up in a house that was constantly surrounded by music and musicians, joined his first band when he was 12 and has not looked back since. First, he tests ARCHT One for its quality of sound. Putting ARCHT One through its paces, Paul plays a wicked guitar solo and tests for balanced bass response, dynamic audio performance and realistic sound reproduction. His conclusion: ARCHT One reproduces a really true reflection of sound. Second, he tests ARCHT One in his home studio set up. Moving around ARCHT One, Paul discusses its impressive multi-directional sound (our unique sonic signature) and also concludes that it could replace his amplifiers for recording projects. The ease of set up makes ARCHT One a whole lot sweeter! Dear Kickstarters and backers, Today we embark on a series of posts that will showcase an ARCHT One feature once every few days. We're excited to share what the ARCHT One can do, starting with Bluetooth pairing since that is a question that is commonly asked! We've received feedback that the video link has been giving some issues, so we're uploading the actual video here! You'll find that set up is simple and quick and you get double the joy. So do consider getting that 2-pack today! We'd also take this opportunity to make some announcements: 1) As promised, we'll be uploading the next feature series tomorrow, with Paul Jackson, lead guitarist of Bloodgood and he'll put the ARCHT One to the test with his electric guitar. 2) ARCHT One has been featured in AZ Tech's holiday gift guide for 2014! (Scroll to the bottom) <url>’s a great experience. Check out Double Room Filling Sound in the video below! We hope you enjoy the added audio excellence of a two ARCHT system. <url>’re just over half way and have doubled our funding goal. We cannot thank you enough! Today we begin a series of updates that will highlight the various features of ARCHT One, to demonstrate all the cool gadgets stored in one awesome device. Allow me to introduce myself; I am Todd Stovall, Project Manager for Archt One project here on Kickstarter. Just a few days ago, I had an amazing opportunity to take Archt One into the studio of a guitar player (Paul Jackson of Bloodgood and other amazing projects) whose credits are impressive and varied. The idea was to hook Archt One up to his performance equipment and see what he thought. Wow! Did we get some results! In a few days, we’ll be posting the video we shot as an update on these pages of his live session with the Archt One where we see the beautiful DSP in action! The Digital Sound Processor – Or DSP as it referred to is our way of up sampling sound wave files to Archt One to maximize whatever sound source you plug into it. We have built a versatile, quality speaker to make any device you hook up to it sound better with unique, multi-directional sound that will deliver the same beautiful sound wherever you are in a room. In this case, the guitar was up running in its pure wave form uncompressed in less than 60 seconds! We think the results will speak for themselves as you watch this video; Archt One performed better than I could have imagined and we are thrilled with the result! Whether you are running at 128kb, 256kb, or Spotify’s newly minted 320kb per second, with the DSP, Archt One will up sample and give you the best sound possible. We are so thrilled to bring you this product, and with all of the comments and support – this thing really is from our hearts… We live for great sound and this has been a labor that we love that we’ll be grateful for in the days weeks, and months ahead. This is from us to you – thank-you! You are the center of what we do, and we’ll continue to communicate and bring you exciting new of our little warhead of a speaker. Keep your eyes peeled here – we’ll have that video soon, and much more! Until then, enjoy these teaser photos of the time in Paul’s studio! Sincerely, Todd and The Archt Team You asked for at least a comprehensive review, and we have one for you: Gizmag has posted this one: <url>"A 360 speaker disguised as art". So as an added bonus, we've attached some cool lifestyle pictures for your enjoyment. Check out the different places you could put the ARCHT One! Other than these press updates, our team is creating stretch goals and recording some really cool video updates to be released soon. More exciting updates to come! Dear Kickstarter and Backers, A big thank you for helping us achieve our goal and breaking through $100k. We're really excited about our first 4 days and have planned some cool updates over the course of the campaign! First up is lead guitarist of The End Game, Tyler Moore, who's plugged his electric guitar to the ARCHT One. Watch the video and see the ARCHT One replicate the sonic signature of a musical instrument, producing "Room Shredding Sound!" Hi guys, Do write in to <email> for all customer support needs. We have a dedicated team who will respond on the same day. @pat please write in to <email> as we will provide the solution. @Illan Here are the instructions for bluetooth stereo pairing: <url>#LoveMyARCHTOne on our FB page here: <url>#login to get in touch with our team member who will be able to assist you with this matter. Thank you! @Alvin Tan Hi Alvin, we're glad that you've received your ARCHT One units and we hope that you enjoy using them! Regarding the turntable, we will check with our team and get back to you asap. Once again, thank you for your support! @Derrick Hi Derrick! We're proud to announce that the ARCHT One Android app is now available on Google Play. You can search for it on your mobile device or install it here: <url>’re coming from and apologize for the delay with the units. Our team has been working hard on getting them out as soon as possible, so you can be certain that your unit will definitely arrive before the end of July. We really appreciate your support and patience! @Richard Chen @john dzurenko @Mike Hannon @Teemu Uotila @Robert @Aju Thomas Hi everyone, thanks for your comments! We have just posted an update regarding tracking information for your ARCHT Ones. We appreciate your patience and continued support! @Jason van Genderen Hi Jason, so sorry for the inconvenience caused. We'll look into the matter and get back to you ASAP. Thank you for your patience! Hi @apogez, thanks for your comment! I have sent you a PM with details on your ARCHT One. Hi @Richard Chen. Thank you for your patience for your ARCHT One. We trust the wait will be worth it. All Kickstarter backers will receive their ARCHT One's by end June - prior to the end of our Facebook contest. @ramsey - the Red units will be delivered to your doorstep by the end of June. Once the units are shipped out, we will update each individual backer with the tracking number and exact delivery date. Thanks for your patience and support! @Derrick - Thanks for the kind words! We're really excited as well; do let us know what you think after the release! @Michael - glad you are loving your ARCHT! The Android app is under development and we expect it to be released mid June! We will send out a Kickstarter update once it has been completed. In the meantime - if you want the chance to win a FREE ARCHT One speaker (black), you can enter our contest here: <url>“Multiple” on Airplay menu after ARCHT One had been connected to your home network. However, if it is wired via AUX input on the Archt One, a Y connector is needed. @Clarence Ng, We're so glad to hear you're enjoying the sounds of ARCHT One. Be sure to share any pictures and videos with us using #LoveMyARCHTOne @Franky Fan, Apologies for the delay in getting back to you. If the intent is use your own DAC and it supports USB output, you can use the USB digital input on the ARCHT One. ARCHT One is built for both streaming via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. To get the best audio out of your ARCHT One, we suggest using Wi-Fi. @Edwin Loneza, That's certainly something for us to consider on the next version of the app. @Movie Kang, You're always thinking ahead and we appreciate it. Great to hear that you're enjoying the sounds of ARCHT One :) The app will allow you to control playback of music directly on the ARCHT One. The iOS app uses a location-based optimization sensor to calibrate the speaker based on its environment so it will map out a room based on the furnishings and materials in it. Information is then sent to the ARCHT One allowing it to adjust its equalization settings to produce the best sound quality for its current surroundings. So whether listening to music in a living room or out by the pool, you will be able to calibrate the ARCHT One to your environment to have the optimal listening experience. @Mark Newman, Perfect! We'll keep you posted once the app is live! @derrick, It is not advisable to move the speaker using the Sound Array ring. @kokobin, Glad to hear! Be sure to share images and videos of your ARCHT One with us using #LoveMyARCHTOne. We'll sure keep your suggestions in mind for our next model. Thanks for sending those along! @jiri krpalek, Glad you're enjoying it! The black ARCHT One's unit has a cool gray Sound Array while the white unit has a silver Sound Array. We apologize if you were led to believe it was a chrome finish. The warranty page is currently being finalized and as soon as it is live we will let you know. Thanks for your support! @Gregory Wong, So glad to hear you like it! Be sure to share your pictures and videos with us using #LoveMyARCHTOne. P.S. You probably should invite your neighbor over too to enjoy the immersive sounds! @Movie Kang, We will certainly keep you posted on what's in store in the near future! @Edwin, Great, you can still get one more :) <url>#LoveMyARCHTOne @Steve, @Movie Thanks for helping with responses. It's fantastic to have awesome backers like you guys. Added a section on using AirPlay in our technical support page. Keep the feedback and suggestions coming. #LoveMyARCHTOne. @Jacob Solomon, Either Bluetooth or wireless should work just as well for you so it's really all about your preference. If you still have issues, shoot us an email. So glad to hear you're enjoying ARCHT One. We'll keep you updated once the app is live and ready for optimization! @Dag Henrik Bråtane, It makes listening so effortless and we're so ecstatic that you like it. Be sure to share your ARCHT One story with us on social media using #LoveMyARCHTOne. @Jacob, Check out this video that may help <url>#LoveMyARCHTOne. We want to be a part of your homecoming expereince :) @Douglas Ong, Units are being shipped to Singapore via sea then delivered by land. You should receive the unit by the first week of April. Thank you for your patience! @Colin Chapman, Yes, you will just need an adapter for the power plug. @Vidya, Please send any technical questions to <email> and it will be addressed. Thanks for helping out your fellow backer @Movie Kang. You're a true team player :) @Movie Kang, We're so pleased to hear that you love the speaker. It was a labor of love and we thank you for your unwavering support. We'll be sure to keep portability in mind :) The red units were a limited-time only purchase for Kickstarter so unfortunately they are not available for future purchase. @Bruce, Thank you for all the kind words! Be sure to share your experience on social media using #LoveMyARCHTOne @Joshua Tai, It sure does! Hope you're enjoying it :) @Muruga Nathan, So glad to hear you're hooked! The sound can be quite addictive :) We will keep you posted once the app is available on the App Store. @Roberto R, The ARCHT One is going through approvals in the App Store but you can connect to the speaker using Bluetooth and Wi-Fi at this time. We will keep you updated once the app is available. Thanks for your patience. @Vidya, Looks like you're about to get our favorite new device today :) No, the package does not require a signature to be dropped off so you should be fine meeting your friend. Thank you! @ramsey chen, Quality is important to us and the ARCHT Audio team wanted to ensure that we got the color correct on the red ARCHT One units. These units are currently in production along with the white ARCHT One units and as soon as we have an update on shipping, we will let you know. Thank you for your patience. @Morry Zelcovitch, We certainly will! Enjoy your ARCHT One :) @Morry Zelcovitch, Yay! We're so excited to hear that you're enjoying it :) Thanks for being such a wonderful supporter No, the ARCHT One will automatically go into sleep mode so it doesn't stay on all the time. @Martin, We're sorry you're being charged import duties but the requirement is that if there is a transaction that takes place, the buyer is liable for the duties and taxes owed on the product based on the rate you paid for ARCHT One through the Kickstarter campaign. @Vidya, Great! We're excited for you to try it out :) @Lawrence Sumiller, FedEx is preparing the shipments and will send out tracking numbers as they are available. If you do not receive your tracking number by March 20, please send us a Kickstarter message and we will check on your shipment. Thank you! @Colin Chapman, Thanks for reaching out. No, we will be shipping ARCHT One units from China. @Movie Kang, Perfect! We can't wait for you to get it in your hands :) Thanks for your patience with us! @Alex Hartoto, You ordered a white ARCHT One unit and those units are being manufactured in our factory at this time. You will be sent an email about shipping details as soon as we have an update for your unit. Thank you for your patience! @Morry Zelcovitch, Great! We can't wait for you to try it out! The app is currently going through approvals in the App Store and we will keep you updated once it is launched. Thank you for your unwavering support! :) @Kenichiro Hashimoto, Perfect, thanks for the update! We can't wait for you to try out your ARCHT One! @Robert, The white ARCHT One units are currently being manufactured so they are not being shipped at this time. Backers who ordered a white unit will be sent an email about shipping details as soon as we have an update. Thank you for your patience! @Richard Chen, Yes, you will be able to update your address. Please change it as soon as you can and also send us a message on Kickstarter to let us know that it has been updated in the survey so we can ensure our shipping team is aware. Thank you! @Koen van Schie, Backers who ordered a white ARCHT One unit will be sent an email about shipping details when the white units are ready to be shipped. The white units are currently being manufactured at the factory and we will update you on a time frame for shipping soon. Thank you for your patience! @Move Kang, Great, thanks for the update! @Nathan, You're very welcome! @Movie Kang, You should have received an email yesterday. If not, please let us know and we will email you again. @Franky Fan, Thanks for providing your phone number to us! The dimensions of the gift box is: - 500 mm x 245 mm x 260 mm and 4.75 kg @Nathan, White units are being built by the factory now. There was some delay because the finish quality was not acceptable and we want to provide the highest-quality product to you. Once we have evaluated and completed the white units, we will begin shipping. At this time we do not have a date range for shipping but will certainly keep you updated. Thank you for your patience. @Franky Fan, No, the shipment time frame will be about the same. You should have received an email from Evan Foo, ARCHT Audio's CEO. Please respond promptly and we will get your unit to you as soon as possible. @Koen, Thanks for your question. It's an analog input. @Zhiwey, Thank you for your support and backing of ARCHT One on Kickstarter. We have faced delays in shipping due to product updates in production as well as other factors outside of our control which have backlogged units being shipped. We are doing the best we can to get confirmation on timing as soon as possible and are looking for alternative shipment options as well. As soon as we have more concrete details and estimates for shipping we will provide an update. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you reaching out to us and for your continued support. @Franky Fan, We apologize for the extra shipping cost you have incurred. Units being shipped to the U.S. are affected by the port issue as there is a shipping backlog. We are working to address this issue and as soon as we have a better timeline we will let you know. We do not want to give you an inaccurate time frame for shipping units until we know more. Thank you for your patience. @Kghxkgh, In general, shipping by sea costs ARCHT Audio more than US$75. Air shipping will cost us two to three times more than that. These shipping rates are the best rates available given the size and weight of the ARCHT One unit. We're trying our best to get your unit to you as soon as possible. @Morry, And we can't wait to get it in your hands! @Christopher, The ARCHT One app is being finalized at this time so it is not yet available for download. All of our backers will be notified once the app is live so stay tuned! @Morry, Thanks for being a super early backer. We have everything that we need from you at this time. We're excited about shipping your ARCHT One to you! @Gregory, We're checking on your request and will send you an update soon. Every country has different restrictions on 'gifts' so we want to ensure we provide you with the most accurate information. @Alvin, We're following up with the shipping team on your question and will keep you updated. @Vidya, Thanks Vidya! We appreciate the enthusiasm :) @Gregory, For Singapore shipments ARCHT Audio will be clearing customs on the product so there should be no issues for you. @Franky, We're excited about getting your ARCHT One unit to you! We will have tracking numbers for U.S. shipments in the very near future and once your tracking number is available we will send it directly to you. Stay tuned! @Vadim, Apologies for the delay in getting back to you. We are currently following up on your inquiry and will keep you updated on whether your shipment can be marked as a present. @Alvin, The Orbit's motor is tied directly to the AC line frequency and designed for 60Hz mains frequency; it is currently only for the US market. @Vidya and @Alfred, Apologies for the delay in getting back to you. The ARCHT One team has not yet tested the NEEO remote. It is unlikely that ARCHT One is currently compatible, but the great thing about our audio system and NEEO is that we could be in the future. @Sundance, Yes, you already completed the survey in December so we're all squared away. The ARCHT Audio Team @ Vidya, We've got to get that answer from our Tech Team... stay tuned! The Archt Team @ Movie Kang Production is wrapping up on the Super Early Birds and shipment is nearly here! Worldwide units should arrive in late Feb as promised. The Archt Team @Ryan, The Early Birds are on track to ship Late Jan and arrive to you in late Feb. We couldn't be more excited for you to have it! The Archt Team @ Ramsey The rating is 50 X 2 for a total of 100... but closer to 140 peak power. @ Movie Kang Trust us, we are as excited as you! We are on-track for a end of the month (Jan) shipment that will land in the hands of Super Early Birders by late Feb. Finally, we get to do what we've waited for - get yours to you! @ Alvin, We are working with Orbit. We aren't on their technical side, but we WILL get you the answer - the holidays have been good, and it slows the flow of information. We'll be there for you and get you what you need. The Archt Team @ Kokobin, You will require no converters or alternate power. The Archt will fit you right out of the box as it uses a universal power supply - this was something we've addressed all along and the contingency was considered prior to our project going live. You'll love yours the first day sir! The Archt Team @ Derrick, We have been trying to get more photos for you - we said that we'd be attempting that; as of this date, all white units are in the factory being assembled sir. To any who want more photos, as soon as we've gotten our hands on one of these beauties - you'll have them. They are so rare right now, that even we don't have them! Sorry about the lack of these photos, we will follow through as soon as may be! The Archt Team @ Sureshkumar, Please contact our logistics dept: Nate@dreamaudiolab,com They can answers your questions! @ Vadim, Let us get back to you after talking with our shipping dept... stay tuned. @ Doru, There has been a ton of conversation, and updates on our pages... this is a wireless solution for connectivity but it was developed to support many different devices and charge them in addition to providing great sound that fills up your room. A battery was not developed in this version due to expense and our desire to provide you top-notch audio for your home. @ Jilson, The Archt One is shipping from the U.S and not Singapore so the shipping there applies. But it will all be worth it when you unwrap your brand new Archt One well before the rest of the world! @ Jilson, The Archt One has a universal power supply so there are no concerns - your Archt One will work right out of the box! @Supporters, Stay tuned: we are now going to ready a survey in which you'll select color, and we'll get shipping lined up to get your new Archt One's into your hands as soon as Q1 2015 - we have a Feb time frame as our goal. @ Derrick, Yes you do have an input button to switch inputs as was shown in Update # 13; it is located on the Sound Array on the unit itself. Don shows you this in the update. After setting up your device via Bluetooth, like all other devices you just start playing your iPod, or other i device and it will start playing as long as you have the Bluetooth selected on the input menu. The Archt Team @ Derrick, The Archt One possesses it's own sub woofer so in that respect its a very different animal; the Archt Produces its own sound signature that while not surround sound, give true Multi-Directional sound. Or stated another way, will fill your room and be very dynamic. At 50 X power, it delivers Peak Power in the 140 Watt range; if you look at update #9 where Don demonstrates Wireless Bluetooth Pairing you'll note the huge volume that the two Archt were achieving. Where one was awesome, two were mind-blowing. We also hooked up to a guitar on a couple of occasions without compresses sound and the Archt was amazing as well! The simple truth is... we can't directly compare since we are different - but the Archt keeps blowing us away with what it can do! The Archt Team @ Epsen, The Archt One uses a universal power supply and you can use it anywhere in the world - you're covered! @ Andrea, As yet there is Bluetooth support that we recommend for Windows phone; which several of the staff here own. So the Bluetooth functions very well for those phones. @ Timothy The Android does not allow an optimization App at this time, but that is a function of Android more than our development. We are, and will continue to pursue that possibility. @ Jim The Archt One has a one year parts and labor warranty. Hope this helps! @ Mohamed, You bet we do! @ Timothy The power supply is universal - you take your new Archt One out of the box, plug it in and enjoy some of the best Multi Directional sound there is! @ Michal, You will receive a survey following the campaign and will select your color at that time! Then, just stand by while we ready the Archt One for your home! The Archt Team @ Jacob, No issue there sir! You will be up and running beautiful sound right out of the box on the Archt One. We can't wait for you to hear it! The Archt Team @ Richard, We will be delivering as early as we can and your second Archt will honored with the first as we are with all backer orders. Thanks for supporting! The Archt Team Edison, We are working your answer for this one; it's more of a function of the Kickstarter page than anything we are doing. Stay tuned, we want you to have two of these beauties for your home! @Richard, Here's a way to make all that happen: first, run laptop headphone out to a headphone cable splitter then one headphone cable to each Archt and you have it with all cable and not with Bluetooth. Hope this one helps too Richard! Tha Archt Team @ Sebastian The Archt One does not have a current Android App specifically for Android. There are several companion Apps that we are looking at and vetting. Chrome cast being one of those. We suggest a Bluetooth connection for any Android device - it works very well. The Archt Team Hi Gwendal, Yes! ARCHT One is able to support most music types from a variety of sources, such as music from your computer, smartphones, tablets or TV! ARCHT One also supports streaming from internet music services such as Spotify. In our next feature series we will showcase the different input options of ARCHT One, so do look out for that! @Adam & Movie In order to deliver ARCHT One by Jan and Feb 2015, we'll have to keep the existing specs. What we will do, is release a series of feature videos, "Did You Knows", showcasing different aspects of what the ARCHT One can do. We've started with Bluetooth wireless pairing and we have another update due in a few hours. Battery pack is definitely something we're considering for a next product. It's come up several times now and we're looking into that. Do keep the feedback coming. We'll be releasing a survey at the end of the campaign to gather your opinions too! @ Richard, If you decide on a second Archt One, you can just switch your pledge to the "Double the Joy" from your current pledge. We Are going to be releasing a couple of Black Friday specials that you might want to see though. Stay tuned in the next day or so for cool deals! The Archt Team @ Yevgeniy, You can simply use a "Y" connector (splitter) and have two Archt Ones for your TV or HiFi setup. Hope that answers your question! Thanks again for asking. The Archt Team @ Movie Kang Currently, the Archt One is built as intended, but the battery question is being looked at now. Not during the campaign, but we will continue to design/evaluate it's being an option for later models. With this project we are providing the best wireless option we can designed for your room/office, rec room ect. Hope this answers your question! The Archt Team Yevgeniy, The Archt One is a wireless speaker that we provided an Aux input and a USB input to maximize the ways you can connect, and no optical input has been provided to this point. We always look at best options, but stay true to the idea of providing a wireless sound option for users. @ Movie Kang Great idea! And that is top of our list of options we are looking at for the near future! Thanks for the suggestion! The Archt Team @ Movie Kang The final product is close, but the tweaks are going to be with the App and connectivity; we are looking at all things including Android. We are always thinking and looking to keep up with things that are new. Stay tuned because we have a bow wave of content coming; videos, reviews and more over the next week or so. Enough to get you excited and informed about the Archt One's near future! If you see something we should do, or add then feel free to suggest it to us! Thanks for being a part of us! Kickstarters! We've also been mentioned here: <url>… but you can use more than one Archt One at a time. Archt One is a simple, elegant, wireless device designed to hook up in less than 60 seconds and provide Omni-Directional sound. This is the finest wireless audio solution in our view. We do not use a sonar system to optimize the room acoustics; instead we use a special app to optimize sound for your space. This is accomplished by the app using the microphone on your smartphone to send tones to the Archt and make sure you get the best possible sound for your home. As we have mentioned before, there is no internal battery in the Archt One. You simply plug in the universal power supply and it will charge you iOS device as you play it via the USB port. We are glad you have questions and hope these have been addressed here. Our FAQ should be up later today, and it has further information on the unit. @ Movie Kang The Archt performs well indoors or out. The Sound Array delivers great sound for the distances you are discussing. It is designed to provide beautiful Multi-Directional sound on a patio or in a room. At 50 X 2 watts, the unit can deliver plenty of volume to entertain at a party outside. So if there are no walls you could just add more volume and fill the space with pleasing sound. Currently, the team is refining and perfecting the Archt App to deliver all of the benefits sound optimization can bring. We are very pleased and excited with all of the ways the Archt is being used and the sound it delivers. The sound signature is three + years in the making; we are always tuning, refining and working to provide the best sound possible. Hello Kickstarters, my sincere apologies for the delay in our response. I had the pleasure of auditioning the ARCHT ONE today at a major retailer (over 1,000 locations) and I would like to share some of the comments of the seasoned audio veterans I had around me."sounds amazing" "love the design" "you must be proud" and "amazing". I don't share this event to be boastful but to address the concerns of questionable audio quality. The ARCHT team is comprised of the finest audio engineers, designers and music lovers, we partnered with the most reputable factory to carry out our vision. We stand by the product we've made, and we are confident you will appreciate the product we've created and you've shown faith in by supporting us. It is our sincere hope that you will continue to tell your friends and family about this unique revolution in audio. To be more specific, pertaining to certain cocerns, our product is designed to sound great in any space; It is meant to sound different than anything you've ever heard before but to possess a presence of true bass, profound highs and a unique sonic signature that we know is impactful and enjoyable. If you have any other questions please ask away. We can't thank you enough for supporting us. @ Benjamin We certainly do not wish to lose you as we near the launch of our project. As stated to another backer here, we have a number of these in the hands of bigger name reviewers and are waiting just like you. We do have video of a guitar player playing straight through the unit and that speaks for itself. There is more of this content on the way in the coming days in addition to reviews from all around the social and print media world. We simply have to see it come in. Next week, we will be appearing in Buzzfeed and have appeared in several places around the web: High Consumption - <url>#38. I need to do an update via USB port first, I cannot do the OTA update discussed in the update. Following the instructions from your website, I am not able to log in or download the firmware to a usb drive. Please advise. I bought (and received) two speakers. Thank you. How do I connect them to work together wirelessly? I could not find any instructions on the website. My AirPlay keeps dropping connection. Restarting and full reset helps temporarily but it can't keep a connection longer than about 10-15 mins. Running latest firmware. Archt and laptop are both about 10 feet from apple wifi router. Any suggestions? There is something wrong with your archtaudio.com domain. Seems to be updated today, bur still parked by GoDaddy. I am very happy with my red archt one with the stock power cord. I tried a custom length power cord made of virgin copper construction (from an online shop in singapore) and the quality of sound improved much more! two thumbs UP!!! Hi, Any news about my turntable? Thanks! WOW! I'm completely blown away :) The sound is simply awesome! I've tried to update the firmware of the Archt One using the new app but the buttons look dimmed out on my iphone? Do you update the firmware wirelessly or via a thumbdrive from the usb port? Same here Artur. Been using Bluetooth, but would like to use wifi with the app on Android Do you need Air Play to use wireless function? @Creator Is it possoble to pair up >2 Archt Ones together? Like master-slave-slave? Guys - how can i play music through wifi. I have done all the steps however still cannot figure out how it should work on android. tried the website but is of no help Hi, one of my Archt One speaker has fell silent after working fine for a few days (as the slave speaker) It (seems to) connect properly via Wifi and Bluetooth but there's no sound produced. Even all the usual beeps from mode changes and volume changes have stopped. I have performed a reset a few times but still the problem persists. Can you please help? Many thanks! Just received my white unit in SG via SingPost although no tracking info was received in email... I would like to know if there is a tracking number for my white unit, or when it will ship. Heads up to anyone updating the firmware. The USB you use has to be formatted FAT32 in order for it to work. I downloaded the Android App, and tried to follow the instructions to Add an Archt One. After connecting my phone Wifi to the Archt one, I refreshed, and selected "Add Archt One", but after the countdown, there was no option to choose Archt One or key in a password. Hi! Just received both my white archt ones. Am I going to get another tracking number for the turntable?? And when will that be delivered?? Many thanks! -Alvin How is the Android app coming along? So all along you've been saying that the red and white units would be delivered by the end of June. The update you posted now says July?? I sincerely hope the Facebook contest winner won't receive their unit before us backers who have been waiting for a long time.... tracking number please.. I would also like to know if there is a tracking number for my white unit, or when it will ship. I'm also seeking for my tracking number. If you guys did not manage to ship those devices last Friday, you really should work on making the process more transparent to your backers... I'd also like confirmation/tracking for the shipment of my white Archt. Also looking for a tracking number on my White unit. It's been a week since you stated they shipped.... bump * How/when will we receive tracking information for the white Archt's shipped Friday? Guys I've messaged a couple of times but still no wiser on where my black unit is at? I was told it would DEFINITELY arrive here in Australia by mid June, that's come and gone. I still have no tracking advice either. Help! Hi, just wanted to check if all black unit have been shipped? I have neither receive my unit nor notification on the shipment. Thanks hey @ramsey, they're giving out free Archt ONE's yet the white and red units have to wait. I was a early bird backer, but I'm still waiting. Had I known that I would wait this much longer, I would have selected a black version. Thumbs down on the lack of transparency. hi! please advise ship status on the red units. thank you. Nice to know about the Android Release! Hi Creators, Love the archt! Awesome sound. I know this was only offered with iOS app, but would love to know if you have any plans for an Android version and maybe even a timeline? Thanks, Michael any updated on the white ARCHTS? Dear team , quick question, I am having problems locating an invoice for warranty registration. How does one get a copy? Same here. Where is the serial number, and I don't think we have an invoice number? Hi, Can you tell me where the Serial number is located? There are 2 numbers on the base, but neither of them are in the format xxx-xxx-xxx I got an invitation to sing the warrancy. But I don't understand how to complete the form since I did not receive the Archt and don't have the serialnumber etc?? 3rd attempt... I'm in Australia and STILL haven't received my black unit yet. Apart from repeatedly posting questions here (that to date haven't been answered once) I'm not sure what to do. C'mon guys - I was one of your early backers! Is the warranty page ready yet ???? When is android app coming out? Received email about apple app available now..I was able to download weeks ago on a friends apple phone Oops nevermind, I misread that it's in June. Anyways, would love to see pics. Nice that you're sending out the white units now. Do you have real life pics of them, for my interest? Hi guys - I've posted here twice before and had no reply yet? I ordered a black unit but have heard nothing yet re: delivery for us here in Australia? It seems most black units shipped many weeks ago? It's been five days since your last comment to me. What do you mean by shortly someone will get in touch with me? We are wondering about our order. I tried to respond to your inquiry back in January but am not sure that was received by you....and have not heard anything since. Ok thanks. Looking forward to it. When do you expect you'll be able to provide us an update on the ETA for the white units?? If I ordered a white unit but don't want to wait any more can I switch to a black unit? @RHA, where do you find the "Pilot" app in the App Store? Was there going to be an Android App? I advise you all to use "Pilot" app for iOS - it allows to control iTunes on the computer in similar way like sending the music from iPhone/iPad, but with no typical problems. Usually, when one use Air Play, iPhone/iPad sends the stream to Wi-Fi access point or router, then it is resent to Archt One. I found there are problems with Air Play stability. I tried to use Bluetooth and it was more stable, but it transmitted all other sounds too, like key presses for instance. And receiving a call caused the music to stop. Using "Pilot" and iTunes prooved to be perfect solution. (At least for me.) I didn't email you. I commented on this page about getting the wrong stuff and you responded on this page that somebody would get in touch with me. I never said I emailed you! I asked how you were supposed to get in touch with me as you said somebody would! Now your telling me to get in touch with support. Have you lost my information? My address, phone number and email have not changed. Just found the iOS app and finished WiFi/Airplay setup (was using Bluetooth before), so now I'm enjoying Spotify on the ARCHT! Just a note for anyone who's still having trouble with WiFi setup, I kept getting an error when trying to set up the ARCHT as an AirPlay speaker until I remembered that I had MAC filtering set up on my network (we don't add new devices often, so this isn't much of an issue). Once I added the ARCHT's MAC address to my network, it paired just fine. :) I got wrong power cord or entire Archt (depending on voltage?) is wrong model and you responded that your sales department would get in touch with me soon. That was eight days ago and I haven't heard from anybody yet. How were you going to get in touch with me - phone or email? I'm a surgical tech and can't answer my phone for most of the day (sterile scrubbed in a case). What next? When? How? I have had my black Archt One for a while now, and I just want to tell you how happy I am with it! It was well worth any small delays to have a quality speaker now. Great job, team! I hope my name is on some list where you can notify me of anything else you invent. Best, Earleen cant find on info page how do you hook up two speakers using wifi airplay? thanks for info in warranty Any info on warranty registration? For all those waiting for the white ARCHT one's, I can tell you all right now they are well worth the wait. What a Sound. Fantastic. Any updates on white??? @Sojoum, sorry for the misspell;) @Sorjourn, many thanks;) The app functions as "automatic room optimizer and a manual graphic equalizer control". I'd like it to help keep a wireless connection (WiFi or BT) on - it often turns off and one has to initiate the connection manually again and again. Something like automatic reconnect is needed. I just found an Archt app on the App Store for iOS. Just mentioning. @Jason. I'm in SA and have mine. Well worth the wait Mate! any new news on the white units? Need the archt one iOS app. It's been too long since you mentioned it's been submitted to Apple. It shouldn't take that long. Hi guys, I haven't received my unit in Australia yet - has this region been shipped? roland voon about 6 hours ago Happy to have backed this product. Sound is probably the best I have heard from a wireless speaker and this is comparing with B & W, Geneva, Marshall etc. Regret not grabbing two and have them work together. ------------------------------------ ARCHT One is NOT quite wireless - to be pedantic. It is tethered to mains power in order to power it up. It is capable of receiving wireless signals via Bluetooth and Wifi, but wireless means no mains power connections - that is, battery or solar power. Happy to have backed this product. Sound is probably the best I have heard from a wireless speaker and this is comparing with B & W, Geneva, Marshall etc. Regret not grabbing two and have them work together. Received my Fed Express bill for £29. From experience, I expected it but hoped it would not arrive/be overlooked. I received my speaker in the USA but did not get a plug for this country. I got two round metal prongs about an inch apart. Can I get the proper power cord? Have asked via email and support links with no response so I suppose unwell ask here now. I pledged at the Black Friday level and have yet to received any info on when the Orbit turntable will ship. All I'm asking for is a date sony can plan accordingly. Thanks in advance. The speakers are solid and I'm excited for the app to pass cert. Hi, I received my Archt One last week, It works fine as expected. I use AirAudio under Android to stream to the Archt ou the Twister app. By the way, FedEx sent me a bill about duties and taxes in the amount of 51,40€ O_o @creator, thank you for your feedback. will do as suggested. hi! could i not have the engraving done on my red archt that I selected? News? (Why cant you edit posts;() @creator, Any new on the app? I'very been trying to get an issue resolved where my archt one no longer works, it was plugged in and connected to wifi and now all it does is flash red for the wifi and bluetooth lights for a second when the play button is held. Pushing or holding any other buttons has no effect and device doesnt reset. The device cannot be connected to at all. Shouldn't have been power surge as it was on surge protector and cheaper devices that were on it didn't get hit unless the archt is super sensitive. Personally I think the heat caused some issues as it ran fairly hot. I tried emailing support but after they asked a few questions they stopped responding and it has been over a week since I've heard anything, and with no warrenty page yet I have no place to go to get this fixed. Any help would be greatly appreciated as its an expensive paper weight at the moment, but I did enjoy the 3 hours of use I got out of it and want to have that sound back. @Creator I opened my other ARCHT One. To my horror, the 1st Archt One has US Type A Plug, and the 2nd Archt One has the UK Type G plug which we need for Singapore - definitely some mix up during the delivery process! Are you guys able send just the UK power cable over? @Creator I got it. Missed out on the 4th step. I followed the instructions at the URL below. The bluetooth icon is blinking blue/red in my Archt One, but none of my phones can discover it. <url>~ I was using Bose mini soundlink. The bass of Archt one is extraordinary. Love the omni-directional experience~ It would be great for surround sound with two Archt One probably~ For home system, if i use archt one AUX input, would it make use of my own DAC instead of the Archt one's dac? I know it might be a strange way to use Archt one, which is suppose to be a bluetooth all in one speaker. I am just curious about it. Can you include anti-theft feature in the app? @Creator I'm really enjoying the ArchtOne. Can we talk about the app? Will the app have only room optimization feature? What exactly will the app do to enhance the ArchtOne experience? Got mine, sounds great, can't wait for the app Is it safe to pick up move the speaker using the outer gray ring? Got mine yesterday here in UK. Greeeaat sound!!! However, not buying another one for $599. Hello yesterday i recieved the Archt. Looks great, just a little disapointed that the ring where the volume buttons are located is not in chrome finish. With Grey color the Archt does not look like a 600 $ subsystem. Sound is really awesome, great work!!!! I have a question the url " <url>" for registering warranty does not work, how can i register the warranty. Dear Archt Audio Team My unit just arrived thank you. Hooked it up quick and fussless, worked like a charm. Sounds brilliant and handles both highs and lows very competently. Sound imaging was even more apparent when you cranked it up. Sadly now my neighbor hates me... Excellent product can't wait for the next project. What is the next step for Archt One? Where does it go from here? Will there be other models? Was this a one speaker wonder? Curious. WE WANT ANOTHER ONE!!! Dear Archt Audio team, congrats to a fantastic device - it's really remarkable! Not only the strong deep frequency range, but also the crisp and clean higher ones. Also great job on that room-filling sound - it's really great! One question that I stumbled across whilst hooking it up to my Samsung-TV (yeah, one of those models that's not capable of routing HDMI-IN sound to the head-phone jack, what a st.... design!) was the AUX-In capabilities of the ArchtOne. If stumbled across a simple SPDIF to 3.5mm 'adapterplug' (+- $1,-), and was wondering if the Archt could be made aware of digital signals on the Aux-port (in a future version?)? Something like 'if only one channel is active assume digital in' rather than having to convert the signal externally to analog and then shove it through a DSP ;) Anyhow, just an idea, no complaint! Again, fantastic product! Keith me too! My regret is that i din`t buy another one : ) Guys amazing product, the sound quality is amazing and rather impressive. The packaging made it look a lot more expensive. Will the app allow you to customise the bass and the treble. My only regret is that i din`t buy another one :) How do I know that it has gone into standby mode? I feel underneath, and it's very warm, and I had nothing playing on it overnight. Just recieved mine and wow it is awesome. Now I have to get rid of my soundbar.... I got mine 2 days ago, set it up and started streaming spotify over it. I have it set up in my living room along with my surround system for my tv, my roommate came home and said "Is all that sound coming from JUST that!?" That comment made it worth the purchase I just wanted to say that the new FAQ site is great and there is a customer forum section that I suggest everyone take a look at. For example, I just posted a new feature request. You guys are sure running a great company!! Congratulations!!! By the way Archt Audio, as I'm writing this late at night on the East Coast, USA, you may want to take the directions that I put in my last post, make them sound a lot better, and post them as a new update. This will save you a lot of time from explaining yourself over and over again. I'm just a happy fan of yours trying to help out. I have an iPhone 6 Plus and it worked perfectly with Wi-Fi and AirPlay. People just need to follow your simple instructions that were given in the box ... They will work. What I think needs to be clarified is that once you go onto the wireless settings, you will notice that the speaker name appears lower down on the screen under AirPlay; then you click that and it will say it has been paired. Then you go back to your normal wifi. Then turn on a song in music. You then slide up from the bottom of the screen, and on the bar that says AirDrop ... will now also have AirPlay on it. You touch that and it will show the iPhone speaker and the Archt Audio speaker. Obviously you touch Archt Audio, and magic happens... I hope that helps everyone. I am astounded at the amount of tight base that is coming from the unit. Fantastic. I look forward to the iOS app to help the sound stage, as you say it does, as I'm anxious to see what it will actually do to make it better than it already is!! Congratulations!!!!!!! Steven Landau Sorry for the double post! I absolutely love the unit! But I'm a couple of years away from an iPhone! Any chance you guys will be working on Android functionality? Arrived today and after trying with wifi and getting frustrated I gave up and switched to bluetooth, no problem. Instructions are a little over-simplified in my opinion, and the light color ink makes them very difficult to read. Overall very happy with the sound but, like others, am looking forward to the app to see what they're really capable of. Have already found an inconsistency in function. When playing sound from an iOS device the volume controls on the device control the full range of the volume. However, when paired to a computer the volume control on the computer only controls a narrow range of the total volume (kind of like a fine tune) and the Archt One controls the much wider range of the sound. Hopefully you can fix this so volume control on the computer performs exactly the same as on an iOS device. Using an iMac 21.5 running OSX 10.10.2 Thanks! @ARCHT Audio Thanks, video was good, I only have the one unit so I'm pretty sure I had the unit in Pairing mode but will try again...just enjoying the wireless mode right now.. I guess the Bluetooth mode would only be necessary if I was outside my wireless network anyway? The sound as a number of people have mentioned is crystal clear and I cant wait to optimize it for the room and get it cranked up :) I received mine in Norway yesterday. This was really something! The sound is clear, open, friendly to my ears, and very very enjoyable. After I have listened to one song or video, I just want to listen to another song or video. And it looks great too. Thanks for making this excellent product. Sounds amazing! Connected wirelessly with no issues but Bluetooth was unsuccessful? Archt was on Bluetooth mode but iphone 6 did not show it as a device. Thank you! Will do! Just got it today. Sounds great! Nevermind it's on the fedex truck already. Can't wait ! Need to wait 2 days even though the Fedex office is only 10 minutes away from me. Is there a possibility to pick it up? Hi. Received email for contact verification on 11 March and responded on the same day. Just wondering when might shipping be arranged and tracking number issued accordingly. My location is Singapore. Hi. Just taken delivery. Looks all good, but can you tell me what the input voltage is? Also, the power cord should be applicable to the country of use (Australia) As far as I know you can connect only one device at a time via Bluetooth. Given that, I was able to connect my MacBook, iPhone and Android phones to the Archt without any issue at all. Although when I did connect Archt to the my MacBook, I had to select the output device under System Preferences since the MacBook was also connected to a speaker on my external monitor. @Movie Kang thanks! 0000 didn't work, I'm afraid. I also tried 1111 and 1234. The message I get is "error occurred during the registration process. Please try to register again." On another note, I was successful pairing the ARCHT with my computer, but when I tried playing a video, no sound came out. I expect I'm going to have a little more fiddling to do there). Vidya, I have it connected to my tablet and my phone. So yes to your question about connecting through to other devices. Vidya, try 0000 Oh, also, is there a pair code for certain BT devices? My PS3 is asking for one. Sounds GREAT !!!! I can't wait for the android app. Has anyone else tried to register their's ? Cause that part of the site is giving me a 414 error. Whoohoo! It works! This is awesome! Another question: can it pair with multiple devices, and switch based on which one's playing? Ideally, I want to connect it to my TV, but until I figure out exactly how to do that, I'd like to connect it via Bluetooth to my PS3 and my HTPC, so any media rendering from there will play through the speaker. That's good to know. I'll test it on a different strip. Vidya, It does work on a powerstrip. I watched 3 movies on netflix, with the Archt One connected to my Smart TV via optical audio out, while plugged into a powerstrip. You may need to get a new powerstrip. Enjoy. Hmmm, my ARCHT isn't powering on, actually. But I'm using a power strip. Does the ARCHT need to be plugged directly into the wall? If that's the case, I may need to rethink my placement of it - at the moment, I have very few exposed wall outlets (most of my devices are on power strips). @Movie Kang thanks! I wasn't sure if that would plug into the optical out jack (this is the first time I've tried plugging additional speakers into the TV) Vidya, use an auxiliary cable for optical out. <url>"super early" order and want to make sure there are no unnecessary delays Thanks Morry Hey Team Please let me know if you can tag the shipment as a gift, else I am very sure I will be slapped by an import sales tax. Major bummer! Regards Hi, you mentioned previously that you'll make sure that it'll work for me. Will you be shipping my reward (Black Friday audiophile reward) with a frequency converter to allow the orbit to work in Europe? Looking forward to your reply. I posted my wish for ARCHT integration on NEEO's uservote website here: <url>"Orbit's AC motor requires a 60Hz power supply to work properly. If you live somewhere with 50Hz, you will need a frequency converter such as this." Will you be provide this convertor? I'm slightly concerned as being in the UK, we have a 50Hz supply! ----- More photos would be great especially the ARCHT in white. Please upload more photos of the ARCHT in both colours. Love to see an external pack that could be used on both the original Archt one and the future editions. Maybe if the battery pack could act as a pedestal for both the original and the following editions ? Definitely a demand for this as shown by the repeated questions about it ( do give a KS promo code though! ) Also, a transparent Archt One? And last , Android functionality ! It's only sensible ! Alfred @ creator + 1 at Derrick's comment aww.. too bad. will go KPO to take a sneak peek at the product ;) Do you have more product shots of Piano White? Too hard to decide. Hi! I got an email asking to update my address. It suggests to write an address in English, which I did, but on a step of confirmation it offeres me to use "more precise" address, which is in Russian. So what should I do - chose the one in English or in Russian? And can i please ask regarding the power supply options? Any cheaper shipping for Singapore? :D I have just filled in the survey and there was a question about the next Archt product. The first option was smaller portable Bluetooth speaker. I think there are plenty on the market, it's crowded. The last one was current one with battery pack. I thought this one had a battery! Are there any product shots of the White one? Why the change of name from Dream One to Archt One? All i want for Christmas is ARCHT One! Are these speakers scheduled for on time January delivery? What drivers are you using ? After setting up the Bluetooth function, does one have to push a button on the Archt one to wake it up and then you can start streaming, or can you just play right from your mobile device without doing anything. Also, if one were to switch between using the Aux output to the Bluetooth to output sound sound, do you have to switch the Input selector button? Hi, how does the sound compare to The Core Speaker which uses Wave Field Synthesis to create its multidimensional stereo sound? Wondering about what voltage it require? what about windows phone? @Creator Looked at the google+ video. You mentioned about the optimization app for iOS. There will be one for Android? I'm sure the question has been answered previously but what kind of warranty will come with the device? Thanks in advance! @Creator Awesome. I'll be taking another Archt One then. Double The JOY! =) Why you guys are supporting older version of Wireless standard like WIFI 802.11G ? @Creator I almost forgot to ask this - UK plug support? An idea for a stretch goal is free worldwide shipping for us early adopters..... The product looks awesome... If I upgrade to two archt ones will my shipping be delayed a month or would you guys still honor the estimated February delivery ? Hey Guys, I'm anxiously awaiting your product and am planning on using it with the Olive One (<url>"omnidirectional" speakers out there that slaps speakers all around and calls it as such. This speaker truly disperses the sound evenly and consistently, creating a sound experience unlike anything you have heard before. One thing that i feel i should clarify. This speaker is not designed to provide surround sound, so if you are buying this speaker for that purpose, you would be disappointed. Due to the setup of the speaker, stereo or surround sound cannot be achieved, as it is impossible to have both omnidirectional, consistent sound, as well as directional, stereo sound at the same time. They are meant for people who want that consistent, room filling sound that gives them the freedom to enjoy their music without worrying about the sweet spot. After auditioning it for a few hours, I decided to back a pair for myself. I guess the only gripe now is having to wait so long to have my own ARCHT One! I'm with @Benjamin -- Looking forward to some additional reviews. The Mikeshouts goes over features but touches very little on how these sound. I appreciate the forum feedback of those who have already heard the speaker. The input is appreciated. Still waiting for some audio quality reviews... Other than the Ferrari dealership in Singapore, are there any other places we can her the audio quality of the Archt One? Does the Archt One support aptX? I chanced on the ARCHT One today! I was drawn to "Hotel California" by the eagles whilst in the Ferrari Dealership in Singapore. The fullness of sound seemed to fill the showroom. Vocals are clear and bass was tight and controlled. I decided to investigate since it was quite unusual. Turned out it was the ARCHT One. I was shocked at how a little thing like the ARCHT One could produce that power and quality. For those of us who has similar systems, you would understand how with most other systems you always feel like its trying to “shout” from a corner just to fill the room. The ARCHT One is definitely special. Still blown away as I am writing this. I trust the creators at least from what I heard personally. Please continue to back them. There is something special about the ARCHT One and the team behind it. Quite honestly, I am already looking forward to their next product. To the ARCHT One team, please send me mine in time for Christmas! Hello. For the electric power cord, does it fit to france (230Vac, 50Hz)? Thank you Had a chance to sample both the Archt One and Naim Muso last week. In my opinion, both systems performed brilliantly. However, the Archt filled the entire room more as compared to the Muso. Cost wise, the Muso is priced almost twice the amount. How does the Archt one function in an outdoor environment with no walls? What kind of improvements are slated for your current design? Where are the "raving" audio quality reviews? Yeah, I think I am going to back out. Not enough info or sound reviews. Hello creators, happy to be backing your product. I'd like to ask you all to be a bit more responsive to questions about what you offer. 321 backers is a great start to a successful campaign. The more responses to your customer base, the more likely they will refer others to your kickstarter project. I'd like to see more video that emphasizes the sound quality. We can't ask you for improvements before delivery, if we don't know what you should improve on. Thanks in advance. Your press from Forbes seems a tad bit misleading; they quoted you. You quoted them quoting you: "Dream Audio was inspired by a Mont Blanc pen to design a stunning $600 speaker it says will offers 360-degree sound dispersion — basically, the audio will sound great no matter where you are in the room. " You guys said they said: “The audio will sound great no matter where you are in the room” - Forbes Bump my questions: Three questions How loud is it? I have a 35 by 50 room I plan on using this speaker in. There is a lot of furniture in the room, sofas and couches. Capacity is about 60 people. In the video you stated it uses sonar tech to measure room size. How does that work outdoors? None of the videos show power attached. Is there a battery? From some of the details you provided it can charge a smartphone so I'm guessing there is a built in battery. What's the battery life like? Can't wait to get mine !! Will you also be offering a warranty/customer support?Thanks. @creator Thinking of unbacking guys, there has only been one review of the actual audio quality and they stated (and I quote) "audiophiles need not apply". Every other article just speaks about the "idea" behind the sound array. You guys have made some pretty lofty claims about hi-fidelity sound quality that need to be backed up before I'm putting down any cash! C'mon @creator the digitaltrend isn't a review of the sound, did they even test it? And the Mens Journal bottom line: "The Archt One emphasizes the low-range, but it tends to make guitars and subtle details sound a little bland." is not good. Three questions How loud is it? I have a 35 by 50 room I plan on using this speaker in. There is a lot of furniture in the room, sofas and couches. Capacity is about 60 people. In the video you stated it uses sonar tech to measure room size. How does that work outdoors? None of the videos show power attached. Is there a battery? From some of the details you provided it can charge a smartphone so I'm guessing there is a built in battery. What's the battery life like? @creator does the ARCHT have to be placed in the middle of a room / out in the open unobstructed to deliver that same sound evenness as marketed? I guess I am asking if it can be concealed and still deliver same sound performance. Will there be support for UK plugs? Hi, i am interested to know how well does it do in gaming, for example FPS game, if the explosion is on right side , does it only reproduce sound on my right side ? Hi, I just read the specifications, which means ARCHT One doesn't support 240 volt? Thanks Hi guys, congrats on the successful funding. Could you explain to me how you can deliver stereo sound from a single full-range driver and subwoofer? @Michael - I was actually thinking the same thing, would be great if it did :)! Congrats on the successful funding ARCHT Audio! Really looking forward to receiving this hopefully amazing speaker! Does it need to be charged or plugged in to play thru Bluetooth or wifi? @creator Can we get some tangible specs such as frequency response and % distortion? Thanks! Would this work with the Prism project that's on kickstarter right now? @ Creator Hi, was wondering if ARCHT One would replace a soundbar? Currently using Philips HTL5120, 120 watt soundbar speakers for my telly. Any idea how ARCHT One would compare to it? Alfred @creator how do you deal with 2.4Ghz congestion? @ Richard Thornton - Same here. Thought I'm a bit torn between the Core and this. The core has about 4 days to go. I'm waiting for an independent review raving about the SQ, until then, it's just another CPU with Wi-Fi/BT, Amp and speaker in an nice enclosure... I doubt they would use a high quality material such as steel for the sound array and then use anything less than adequate on the cabinet itself! Lets see what they have to say It looks a lot like plastic to me? Hey guys, really excited to back this product! One question I think a lot of backers are wondering, what material is the speaker cabinet made of? @creator thanks, for my user experience I would like to use Chromecast with the Pandora app on Android, I have absolutely no need for AirPlay and never have bluetooth active on my phone, you may lose up to 50% of your potential backers with this strategy. So definitely no Chromecast support? I assume the ARCHT has some kind of ARM CPU and Linux OS, could it run Pianobar (A Pandora daemon for Linux), if it could, then you could have an app like Pionobar Remote on android to control the daemon? Is there Android (Chromecast) support? Do you have any independent listening reviews, tested in a home environment? Thanks! Sounds fantastic @creator, just what I have been looking for - I can't wait to get my hands on one :)