Main Video With Captions What is Baboomi? A Better Alarm Clock Baboomi is an alarm system that was designed from the ground up to be the best way to wake up in the morning. Instead of sitting on the nightstand and buzzing until you slap it in frustration, Baboomi goes under your pillow and wakes you up comfortably and gently using vibrations that you can completely customize. Universal and Customizable Baboomi does not follow the "one size fits all" approach that most alarm clocks have followed since the Digital Age began. Using the intuitive alarm timeline design system, you can make an alarm that will wake you up exactly the way you want. Almost everything is customizable, including: strength, pattern and frequency. The Baboomi app for Android and iOS will be downloadable for free on iTunes and Google Play. The Windows, Mac and Linux software will be downloadable directly from our website. Advanced users will be able to write their own scripts that can control the hardware directly using our open-API. Extremely Easy to Use and Safe When the Baboomi has woken you up, just set it back on the base where wire-free induction charging will prepare it for the next use. Baboomi is completely self-contained and has no exposed wires or connectors, meaning that it is safe and also highly water resistant. Comfortable Baboomi is thin and should not be felt under any normal pillow. Unlike similar vibrating alarm clocks that you may wear, you won't even notice it is there. Reliable Baboomi will be completely assembled by us. Every single Baboomi will be meticulously tested for any problem or abnormality. Because of this, we guarantee your Baboomi for a year. Ship it back to us at any time for any reason and we will either fix the problem or ship you a brand new one. Who should use Baboomi and why? Baboomi was born out of our frustration with other alarm clocks. Buzzing, beeping and screaming doesn't really start the day off right. Other alarm clocks seem to focus on just making sure you wake up and they do this by simply being annoying as possible. Sleep is something that should be peaceful, and waking up should be peaceful too. For some people, these alarm clocks are a helpful solution because they may find it hard to get out of bed in the morning. But, for others who have no problem waking up, Baboomi can be your way of waking up better. You have to make that appointment, you have to get to work, you have to get to class...you have to wake up. So, why must your alarm clock violently wake you up, as most alarm clocks are focused on doing? This is why my brother and I designed the Baboomi - we simply wanted a better way to wake up. If you are someone who wants to be gently and comfortably woken up every morning how you want, then the Baboomi is for you. It is not complicated to use and the customization is intuitive and simple.Your first morning with Baboomi will be a much happier experience. A Private Wake Up Call Are you someone who doesn't want to wake up your significant other every morning? With some customization, Baboomi will just wake you up, while leaving your significant other soundly asleep. For the Hearing Impaired Because Baboomi uses vibrations and does not rely on sound to wake up the user, it can be very useful for those who are hearing impaired or deaf. Baboomi's customization makes sure that these users will be able to find a setting that wakes them up comfortably. Better than Any Other Vibration Alarm Clock. Period. There are other vibrating alarm clocks on the market. Some sit on your nightstand, using the vibration to produce a noise instead of actually using the vibration to wake you up. Others must be worn on the wrist and can obviously be very annoying. Some even have wires that run into your bed, creating a very serious safety hazard. My brother and I also tried using our smartphones for a wake up alarm. This was not a good solution because we couldn't control how much it vibrated or how it vibrated. That is why Baboomi is completely customizable. Also, like most people, we charge our phones at night and the cord in our bed created a serious safety hazard. Baboomi does not touch you, and you cannot feel it under your pillow. The point is:Baboomi does not change anything about how you sleep, it just makes waking up better. Baboomi is comfortable, safe, extremely customizable, easy to use, self contained, rechargeable and lasts for days without a charge. This means it is like nothing else available. Here is a video showing how to set up an alarm on iOS: Here is another video showing how to customize an alarm timeline on our PC application: The Linear Actuator The main reason that Baboomi can offer so much individual customization is through the use of a custom designed linear actuator. With a linear actuator, the frequency and strength of vibration can be controlled independently. This makes the linear actuator ideal for Baboomi because it allows for complete customization, unlike a traditional vibrating motor. Vibrating motors are designed to vibrate in a circular pattern around the axis of the attached counter weight. The only control you have over a vibrating motor is its speed. As you increase the motor's speed, you increase the frequency as well as the amplitude. This severely limits the amount of customization. Production Plans Baboomi will be produced immediately after funding is successful and no time will be wasted. Here is our timeline: One of the most important goals of creating Baboomi is making it an affordable product. We need your support to make the Baboomi at such an affordable price, while still making a quality product. We are putting every penny of the money raised from this Kickstarter in costs for tooling, components, shipping, packaging and labor. We know this is ambitious, but we believe that the product can actually help people have a better morning. If the project is successful, we will keep you up to date with exactly what is going on. Our Promise Baboomi will play a very important role in your life. That is why it will be assembled completely by hand and overseen by Jeff, an electronic engineer with over 30 years in product design experience. Your Baboomi will come with a year warranty. We guarantee that every single Baboomi will work right, and if it doesn't, we will fix it completely free of charge (as it should be). We will keep you up to date with everything we are doing. Hold on a second - didn't I see this project before? Yes! We first launched on Kickstarter with a goal of $82,000 and a price of $119 for our lowest unit. We were supported by almost 100 backers who gave us an extreme amount of feedback and great questions. But, why was the price and the goal higher than it is now? There is one main reasons: One of our biggest costs will be producing the completely custom linear actuator that will be going in each Baboomi. We could never get a firm quote by a manufacturer, but, during our previous campaign, we able to secure a firm quote that could make Baboomi much more affordable than anticipated. We also decided to make a Bluetooth-only unit. Will this change the quality of the Baboomi? Absolutely not. We are extremely dedicated to getting Baboomi in your hands and helping people wake up better. Our changes only allow us to make Baboomi more affordable. Like always, if you have any questions or concerns about the relaunch, please be sure to let us know! The Other Rewards Computer rendering of the black Baboomi casing Our Prototype Specifications Please note: We are using Bluetooth 4.0 for its low power capabilities. This will allow users to keep their Baboomi on at all times, something other versions of Bluetooth would not allow due to their large power consumption. Please check that your device is supported. A general list is here. To be sure, please check your device's hardware specifications. For Baboomi: Wi-Fi - 802.11 b/g (Wi-Fi model only) Wi-Fi range of 100-300ft (Wi-Fi model only) Bluetooth 4.0 BLE Protocol Wireless Induction Charging Custom Linear Actuator for Vibration 3 Axis Accelerometer RGB LEDS for visual feedback and status Rechargeable Battery for up to 3 days use between charges Developer friendly API and SDK Wireless automatic software updates ARM Cortex Processor Water resistant RoHS, Pb-free For Charging Base: AC adapter with USB output USB port for User Device Charging Wireless Induction charging source RoHS, Pb-free I has been almost 2 years since our last update, please let me explain. Baboomi was always a real thing. We had the design and we wanted to produce it, but we were wrong. More specifically - I was wrong. I always thought Baboomi was an amazing idea until we ran into money problems and we knew we couldn't complete it for every backer. It is as simple as that. We held onto the extra money in hopes we could figure out a way to handle it. We did not. Out of embarrassment I did not update and I regret that extremely. I should not have kept the backers in the dark. We refunded people who asked. I hate that anyone felt cheated by us. I never wanted this to happen. I truly thought we had a great product that could really help people. But, we messed up and we need to fix it. I am asking that anyone who wants a refund please email me with a current method of payment. We are extending this to 2 years from this update to reimburse everyone fully - any money after that will be donated to charity and a breakdown will be posted here. The reimbursement will include fees that you payed to any third party websites like Paypal. I want to once again apologize. If you have any questions, please let me know. Seriously - to all of our backers, the community and Kickstarter itself - I am sorry. I will fix this. Please let me know if you want to talk with me. -Ethan Byrd I have received many messages with questions that you backers want answered. However, most people don't seem interested in a livestream as long as a video is posted, so, I think it is for the best that we just post a video and make it a whole lot easier! I got some great questions and I have a lot of cool Baboomi stuff to show you guys so look out for the video posted either tonight or tomorrow. If you have any more questions or concerns you want to be covered in the video, please let me know very soon so I can include it! Per several final requests, the livestream will be this Sunday (June 15) at 7pm EST. The video will be posted very shortly afterward. I'm sorry I keep changing the date, but there are several people who really want to be active during the stream and I am really trying to fit their schedules. If you want to ask a question live but may not be there, please send me a message or leave a comment here. We will be showing and talking about everything we have so far so please tune in if you can. I'm still working on which service to use, so let me know if you have any suggestions. Again, sorry for all the updates pertaining to this - it is just really important for us that those who want to tune in are able to. Ethan I have gotten several emails from backers saying that a Saturday livestream is not ideal for them. We are now planning for Tuesday evening. Does this work for everyone? Feedback would be very appreciated because we want as many people as possible to see this. Ethan Here are the pictures of our awesome beta units! We will be sending out the survey this week to get the shipping information! Now, we have had some minor delays. Let me explain: Baboomi started out as a rough idea. We made a functional prototype, but it was only that, a prototype. It was just something that we wanted to use ourselves and hopefully get some people interested. Now that we have so many orders, we want to make Baboomi the absolute best it can possibly be. We have been meticulous in the design of the circuitry over the past 3 months. Redesigning, testing, redesigning and testing. Now, we finally have a Beta Unit we are proud of. It is a hard thing for us to swallow, but, we feel like it is so much more important to send a quality product that will be perfect, rather than something rushed. We have been slow and I sincerely apologize. Baboomi is the hardest thing we have ever done, and we are not finished yet. Our Beta units are scheduled to be shipped out within the next 3 weeks. But what is the point of the Beta units if we don't use the feedback we gather to improve the design and functionality of our final shipped unit? This is why we must wait until late April or early May to ship our production units. I apologize for this, but there is no other way for us to ensure a quality product. I have a HUGE favor to ask from our backers: Let me chat with you 1 on 1. Hear me out. Baboomi is a complicated device. It has many features that solve problems for many different kinds of people. I want to know why YOU want one. Knowing this will help us make Baboomi the perfect alarm system. We will be able to focus more on the features people want. If you are interested in this, please add me on Skype at <email> . I will not be asking any questions at all about demographics, simply why you are interested in Baboomi, what features you want the most and any other ideas you have. You can also ask me any question you want. There is no limit to the amount of people I will chat with! I'll chat with all of you if you want! I hope this will enable us to really make Baboomi better. More on the Beta units: They will be shipped to you with a very preliminary app. There will be limited graphics, just gritty and beautiful functionality. We will need to make changes to the code drastically and often I am sure, so graphics will just get in the way for now (don't worry they are coming). One of the biggest design hurdles of Baboomi was an intuitive and innovative way to control the Baboomi - one to match the drastically new way of waking up. We are of course doing a timeline based system and an event based system, but they will need to be hammered out with all of our tester's feedback. The Beta unit will also be sent out with a Qi charging pad and not a base to make it much easier to charge for now. (The final unit will still have a base of course) We will be in heavy correspondence with all of you since you are such a low number. We will be asking you many questions about what you think so be ready! We are still so excited about Baboomi and continue to work very hard to make it a reality. Please bear with us as we work through the challenges of creating the most innovative alarm system on the market, Humbly yours, Ethan Hello everyone, sorry for the delay in an update! We really didn't want to post anything until we had some solid news for you! The year so far has been crazy busy for us, but we have made great progress. First of all, we are on track to be shipping our beta units by the end of the month! This means we will be sending out the shipping survey very soon. This survey will also include the vote for the extra color tier that you guys unlocked! Also, the Baboomi team will be at the Rome, GA Confluence technology conference. We will have a fully functional unit to show off to the public and we will be making extensive videos at that time to show you guys! We hope you are still as excited as we are! Ethan Hey Backers! We don't have much to report this week as we are still crunching numbers and finalizing designs. We plan on showing off the functionality of Baboomi in detail next month with videos and possibly a live Q&amp;A if you guys would be interested. We are also going to be bringing on a few more people to the team to make sure Baboomi is the best it can be. I really look forward to introducing them to you soon. The future of Baboomi is looking brighter each and every day and it all started with you guys! As for the backer surveys, we will be sending them out once we are nearing our ship date so that if some of our backers change addresses between now and then, they won't have to worry about updating them with us. Like always, we are only a message or a comment away! We love to hear from you guys! Ethan Byrd Hey everyone! I hope you are all well! We are going to start doing an update at least once a week. Some will be big and some will be small, but we just want to make sure we keep you guys up to date on exactly what we are up to! We have been extremely busy working on getting our final designs together and ordering parts. It has been so exciting working on a product that so many people are excited about getting! We are going to be posting pictures and videos in the future that shows off our development progress so stayed tuned! Just because the campaign is over doesn't mean we don't want to hear from you! As always, if you have ANY questions, comments or concerns whatsoever, please don't hesitate to contact us. We love getting feedback from our backers! Have a great rest of the week! Ethan Baboomi is going to be a reality! ALL thanks to you guys! Seriously, thanks so much for believing in the project and making it happen! We believe that you will all grow to love your Baboomi, and it will change the way you think about mornings! We will be switching to a weekly update schedule very soon but you can ALWAYS reach out to us for any questions, concerns or comments you may have. We'll never forget that it was YOU guys that made this happen. Please don't hesitate to let us know your thoughts - we promise to always be honest with you! The ordering and building process has officially begun! Yours, Ethan Byrd You guys have been fantastic. Thank you so much for backing and believing in the project. We have reached $40,000 and this means we will be adding sleep analytics to the official Baboomi app! This will include features such as: Statistics: how much you sleep, when you wake up the most, when you go to sleep the most etc. Sleep Quality: How much you move in the night (ever wondered how much of a restless sleeper you really are?) How long it takes you to get to sleep? Live Updates: Baboomi will be able to tell how lightly or heavily you are sleeping at any given moment. The Baboomi Automatic Alarm: Tell Baboomi a window when you want to wake up and it will use statistics it has gathered + live updates to wake you up at the perfect time. This will be completely dynamic and individualized! We will be releasing more details about this feature in the coming weeks! We are super excited about making Baboomi the best alarm system possible. As pointed out by many of our backers, sleep analytics with an automatic, personalized alarm will help us make Baboomi reach its full potential. Let us know your thoughts! Thank you so much for all of your support. This would not have happened without you, and we promise that the Baboomi will make your mornings so much better. Help spread the word these last few days! Hey guys! I have a really big annoucement! We are going to be partnering with SHADOW to make a very special version of Baboomi! These guys are doing great things with their technology and we are super excited about working with them. Check it all out over at their page: <url>"Baboomi Plus". I apologize for the confusion. We are not allowed to change reward descriptions after at least one person has pledged to it. @Oleksandr: Sure! The Baboomi Plus is designed to be used by those who want to control every aspect of their Baboomi. While the white Baboomi can only do what our official app has functionalities for, the Baboomi Plus has the ability to hold custom scripts written by the user (or others) to control every single aspect of the Baboomi. You should get the Baboomi Plus if you are going to be interested in making the Baboomi do anything that isn't a default feature! If you have any more specific questions, please let me know! Hey guys! I apologize for taking so long to respond to all of the comments. @Matthew: One of the stretch goals we plan is to have the community choose an additional platform for us to officially support and Blackberry will be on there! @Erick-Jan: That is very true and one of the things we thought about. That is why we are making the Baboomi extremely customizable and very powerful, so that if you are worried about something like this happening, it can vibrate the whole bed to make sure you get up. @Watts: This will be entirely possible with our native app. You could make it so that if the Baboomi has not been placed on the base after a certain amount of time, it will go crazy. That is a cool project as well! We will look to see if we can make the Baboomi capable of compatibility with their product. @Robert: This will absolutely be possible with the alarm customization! @Matthew: We are looking into adding some sort of audio as a possible stretch goal. As for the profiles, this will be a main feature of the app! @Sun Kyo Lee: I apologize for taking so long to update you guys with our stretch goals. Thanks for all the feedback guys! Please let me know if I can help any more! @Brendan @Paul : Great idea! We were looking into putting an LCD screen on the side of the base but was not sure if there was a big demand for it. We plan to make it a stretch goal so stay tuned! @Erik-Jan: As of now, we are only going to be using the accelerometer for user control. Things such as snoozing or turning the Bluetooth on for a moment. The app will have functionality similar to sleepyti.me where it will wake you up when you should be ending a sleep cycle if you tell it when you are going to bed. We want to do more sleep analytics and features, but because of the development time involved, we will be announcing them as stretch goals. I am so glad you are interested in getting more Baboomis! Unfortunately, Kickstarter guidelines for Hardware projects do not allow us to sell multiple units to the same user. @David @Watts : Thanks guys! It is so exciting to have such awesome backers! Please let me know if you guys have any more questions or concerns! @Shawn: That will be very much possible. One of the reasons we wanted to make Baboomi heavily customizable was so that it could be used as an alarm for virtually anything - especially emergency situations! We are working very hard right now on fleshing out the SDK and the API and will be releasing more details later in the project. Let me know if you have any more questions! @Rajesh: I apologize for the confusion over the models! Thank you for the suggestion and we will be working on a comparison chart to release later this week. To answer your question: The white version will not have WiFi capability or the ability to load custom scripts. This means It will have all the functionality that are included natively in the official Baboomi app. As of now, there will be no sleep statistic tracking in the regular version, however, we will be announcing that as a stretch goal! Please let me know if you have any more feedback! @Patrick: Great suggestions Patrick! As of now there are no real "standards" for wireless charging. The most popular standard is Qi, and making Baboomi Qi compliant is going to be one of our possible stretch goals. As for the LCD screen, this was also planned to be a stretch goal as we know it would be very useful. Thanks for the feedback and please let me know if there is anything else I can help with! Oleksandr: Yes it will work just fine! You will have to make sure your Android version is upgraded to 4.3. Let me know if you have any other questions! Mark Trickey: Absolutely! The developer version is an upgraded regular version, so you can use all all of the features of the regular one with so much more. Use it to wake up great the first night you get it and check out the developer tools the next morning! Let me know if you have any other questions or concerns! Matthew & Watts: The developer API will be able to work great with the WigWag. Native WigWag support is something we are considering doing as a stretch goal! Anthony: We would love to do more color options as a stretch goal! Rajesh: Great question! The black WiFi edition, like you said, will be able to be controlled from long distances. But, don't let the word "developer" scare you! Our extremely easy to use API will allow you to control all of the components of the Baboomi individually and do what ever you want with them. For example: want to know if a child wakes up? Set up a basic script that notifies you when the Baboomi is set on the base. Want to know how well you sleep? The sensitive accelerometer can give you details about how calm you slept. Want to wake up with an LED notification of emails, tweets etc.? There is so much you can do with our API. We will be adding stretch goals for more cool developer features as well! Lars: We will absolutely look into doing that for a stretch goal! I have reported this project and I suggest others to do the same. We deserve our money back and an update from the creators. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use and request a refund: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I want my money back!! Looks like they also suckered people out of their money on Indiegogo (<url>#/updates/all). This user's account has been deleted. Anyone know if this is the same Seth Byrd who ripped us all off? <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use and request a refund: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Ethan, Seth and Jeff. You are truly a bunch of low lives and petty criminals. Keep my money. I hope it chokes you. 500 backers were scammed $46,293, by sincerely trying to help you bring your dream project to life. I hope you are brought to justice! Has anyone found something like this on the market? Anyone can suggest? Refund please. It's been 4 years now. I would like a refund please, you clearly are not even attempting to produce the item. we will never get refund. This is a scam :( Emails are bouncing back, has anyone managed to get a email through if so what email address did you use ? Haven't heard anything or ever received anything. I very much want a refund. Still haven't heard back from the refund. What gives? Permanent mail failures to both Seth and Ethan @baboomi.com If the effort involved in refunding us all is too much, how about a single donation to a single charity? Still waiting... BACK NUMBER 327 $99 pledge ANY RESPONSE WOULD BE APPRECIATED Just sent a follow up email to <email> following the lack of reply to my initial request for a refund and it has bounced back..... It will probably be another two years before we hear from anyone again??? its now been over 2 months since their post titled "Were sorry and were going to fix it". has anyone got a response from them about their refund yet? "Send an email" we will just never respond. @Kent Park no answer so far for me i respect the fact that we were offered a refund, however i feel that they held onto $43k (taking into count the 5% ks takes) for over 3 years and that is not right. i expect a full refund, along with a thorough recap as to what took so long for them to admit failure. sitting with such a significant amount of money in their account for so long, it leads me to believe they gained something from that. whether it was to prove they had money to get approved on loans or if its simply to collect the interest from their bank. i dont want to be too judgmental, since it did take them 3 years to come out of hiding and offer a refund, so i dont want to ruin that chance. but a fair explanation as to what took them this long and what they did with the money while they had it in their possession would be appreciated. I agree with Elizabeth. A timeframe would be good. I have attempted contact with Ethan several times now to get my refund with no luck. Well it has been close to 30 days. Ethan made another post below in the replies on 9/24, apologizing for the confusion he created. Ethan, if you are still there, can you give a timeline for the refunds. It doesn't make sense that you be able to refund everyone as supposedly the funds where spent trying to create the product. How could you possible refund us all? This appears to be an effort to look good. If you are going to issue refunds, or partial refunds, or staggered refunds, please give a time estimate. If there are no refunds, just be honest. Thanks for being honest with us. I would like a refund, please. My paypal link is paypal.me/davidmfry My back number is 369 I wish you the best! Has anyone received their refund or even a reply to the refund request? Hi, I too applaud you for trying to make things right. I pledged under the monkier of Shadow Stalker. My backer number is 1. My Paypal link is PayPal.Me. / rsargent1. Thanks. yes. No response to the email sent to your account here and you did not provide a newer email in your update. As I had no response to my email 1 day after your update, I will also put my refund request here. My paypal is the email used with my account which my account name will show on this comment. It is unfortunate that this project couldn't come to fruition. However, I applaud you for trying and admitting that this wouldn't be possible this time. Can you provide me a refund? Thanks! Please reimburse my pledge to my paypal account associated with email <email> My Backer # 394 Refund me please! So what's happening with the promised refunds? Once again my PayPal account is: <email> Happy for this. Good that the clear the ship. Better turned half way than gone astray the full way, as a well known Dutch proverb says. I've just received an update (#23) from Ethan offering a refund to all backers. I'll take it! Refund me please. @Scott Willis last time I reported this to KickStarter, they basically washed their hands of it. They said they couldn't do anything as it wasn't part of their agreement but had reached out to the project to remind them of their responsibilities. I heard no more. This has greatly reduced my interest in Kickstarter projects, except those started by people with a good track record who I feel I can trust. Has the Kickstarter staff made ANY attempt to act on our behalf? Do we have any way to find out what happened? I live in Washington. Any updates? I would be curious to see how this has been any progress, if any. I do like the concept of this alarm clock and that's the main reason I supported it. Thanks! I'm in the uk but if I can support in anyway John please let me know. Contact me when you do John, I'll join in. I'll give them another few days. Then I'm going to file suit. SCAM!!!!!! I don't mind if the project failed (it's a real risk that you and I assumed when backing a project here on Kickstarter, so if you do mind, go cry to your mother and stop backing projects in general). That said, an earnest update that shares why it failed would be the best way to proceed and it would put a lot of the hate to rest. Kickstarter is not doing enough to avoid scams. Avoid lifestyle products on this platform. Success rates are like 1 out of 2 projects for me for lifestyle products with great videos. If Kickstarter staff hide behind the curtains longer, they are really destroying not just their future and current advocates, but crowdfunding as a whole. Funny how this has become a bashing page, with no defense on their part. Sucks for us that are left empty handed. At what point do we get Kickstarter involved or is it too late? Oh well, projects like this just ruin it for future creators that a lot of us are going to doubt and not back. Thanks for nothing Ethan, Seth, Jeff, Rome, and Georgia <url>"It's dead. We failed. Sorry." Welcome to the new world of kickstarter, where recent projects all seem to be failing. false hope. logged in 2 weeks ago, probably saw the massive amount of disappointment and decided not to post any update. baboomi team, if you guys ever do log in again, can you please at the very least post an update explaining what happened? the community, or myself at the very least, would be more understanding if we had a reasoning behind failing to get to production. as it stands now, you guys look very weak and incompetent. we understand issues may arise, and we understand we are backing an idea and not buying a product, but right now we have no idea what you guys did with the money raised, and what you did to try and resolve any issues. even if you posted an update that explained how you guys were too young and bit off more than you can chew with this project, atleast then we would have an answer. im just sick of always checking back on this project to see if anything new has been posted. its a major waste of time. Well now..... Last login Jun 18 2015? Probably the best thing to do at this point is to seed the internet with information about these deadbeats that will follow them for the rest of their lives. Articles like "Crooks or Simply Incompetent, How Kickstarter props up Deadbeats and Fails Backers." Then lots of factual cross referencing to this project and those names so that the next person to google them gets informed. May I get a refund please? Thanks! CAN I HAVE A REFUND PLEASE? You guys should be ashamed. Total lack of professional behaviour. Risks and Challenges: Fully functional prototypes of Baboomi have already been created and tested. We have already begun the development for the apps on both Android and iOS as well as the program on Windows. We are extremely confident that there will be no delays in our development, however, as with creating any product, delays from the manufacturers can arise. Whatever happens, we promise to make sure that you are completely aware of what is going on. Also, as stated above, each Baboomi will be completely guaranteed to work for a year. --- So much for that promise. Nothing at all. I don't expect anything to come of this project, I haven't for a long time. But what you don't expect as backers is to be totally ignored. To not have the decency to come on here and admit that you failed and simply to say sorry it didn't work out is just amazing to me. Any update would be good. Tell us your challenges and your plans to get through them. Remember this product will be a hot item on store shelves. Please give us an update :/ I second that. I would be unable to show my face in public if I'd behaved the way Ethan, Seth, Jeff or Tricia have. It's nothing short of disgusting. Not only am I disgusted in them, but I am embarrassed for them. I think that by not declaring the project to be dead, they are highlighting that in addition to being thieves, they are also spineless cowards. $46k (Split 4 ways) is not nearly enough for me to risk tarnishing my name. About $12k each - These are some pretty low-rent thieves. I would be ashamed to be Ethan, Seth, Jeff or Tricia Steele... they can't even post an update to say the project is dead.. just ended up with out $46,293... i contacted kickstarter support and this was their response: Travis here with Kickstarter support--thanks for updating me about this situation, and I’m sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the Bamboomi project. I can assure you that multiple members of our support team have reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication and reward fulfillment. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. That said, if you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form (<url>"He said he plans an update in the next few days with a video demonstrating the new Baboomi. Thanks On 12/22/2014 10:01 PM, Fumitaka wrote: ... Hello, I am wondering if you have any update regarding the baboomi project. Thank you" Although as expected, at this point, I rather doubt we will have any update. It has been more than a year... I and many others around be can't wait to have this product. Can you copy/paste the e-mail? Well, interestingly, I suppose its best to share the email I got with others too. I emailed a few of the people and Jeff actually replied saying he(I suppose ethan?) will post an update soon with the new baboomi. If true, would be nice for sure. I have no problem with waiting a year or two, I understand there will be hardships to over come, unforeseeable problems and hurdles along the way....... but when a creator can put so much effort into "selling" his Kickstarter with nice graphics, promotional video and replying to backers before the deadline, but then after the deadline provide very few and no meaningful updates that's where the problem is. Looks like our good friend Ethan was just recently on holiday with his girlfriend in China.... The brother Seth is now living in New York.... I presume Jeff is the father, wonder why he has not shown his face on Kickstarter? Tricia Steele? <url>’re helping to create something new; not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised.****" Don't get me wrong, I am not trying to make excuses for the Bamboomi Team. But at the same time for things like this, patience is a virtue. They haven't logged on since October 9th!!! I want a full refund. no comments on here since august 24th and no project update posts since october 9th. i have tried contacting these guys through all possible means and i have yet to get any response. i think jay is misguided in his post. i think we as backers at the very least deserve the decency to get updates from the developers if not regularly, than hopefully on a monthly basis (especially when the project is currently 9 months late on estimated shipping). even if there is nothing to update us with, i think we deserve to know they havent taken the money with no intentions of attempting to follow through. we all come here and back projects because we like the idea of entrepreneurs finding success in their own ideas. i dont think anyone comes here because they like to throw money away. i dont mind losing 100$ if it means i backed someone who tried everything to successfully complete an idea and failed. i do mind losing 100$ if it means it went towards someone walking away from a project and thinking they outsmarted me by selling me on something they could not do or had no intentions on doing. again, baboomi team, please post some sort of update. thats all im asking. Thank you @Vinny!!!! @Jay Lathrop - I disagree. I am just as optimistic about this project as you, but I disagree the first half of your post. When backers give money on Kickstarter, we're supporting a project, not investing in an idea. Directly from the Kickstarter Terms of Use: "When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward." Also, note the following, from the Terms of Use, Section 4. Ethan and his team have failed on every point. *********************************************** If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: - they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; - they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; - they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; - they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and - they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. *********************************************** I'm sorry but reading most of these comments kind of piss me off. When you give money to a Kickstarter project you are NOT buying a product, you are INVESTING in an idea. There way of thanking you for the INVESTMENT is to give you a REWARD. Sometimes the things that you INVEST in succeed. Sometimes they fail. Sometimes they take longer than expected to "turn a profit". If you are not willing to wait for an INVESTMENT to come around then do not INVEST. My wife and I gave money to this project because we believed it was a great idea. We still do. We also hope one day, sooner rather than later, it will come to fruition. But personally I would rather them take their time and get it right than to send me a sub par, unfinished product that I was not happy with. Now all that said, more communication on the part of the creators should be expected. We have had enough faith in you to create something special, you should have enough faith in us to know we will understand set backs. But there is know way for us to understand your set backs if you keep us in the dark. Don't "ostrich" problems share them. I still believe you can do it. I am requesting a refund please. Thanks. I wish it was easy enough to just request a refund but unfortunately criminals will be criminals. I have lost faith in this project. Please provide me with a refund as well. I want a refund. I have privately messaged the creators requesting a refund and left numerous comments. I have had no response from the creators. I have reported this project to Kickstarter and emailed them for support. Whilst they cannot offer refunds they have stated they can get in touch with the creators. Fingers crossed, but I'm not feeling hopeful... I too followed the directions and requested a full refund. I have yet to receive a response. Please kindly respond. Thank you. I followed the directions and emailed asking for a refund approximately a month ago. No response at all from the Baboomi Team. Baboomi Team, I have been patiently waiting for you to issue a refund since July and when you last sent me a message in August you said you were issuing a check. Please respond to my email and issue me a refund. i also would like to see an update. when a project is already 8 months behind expected release date i think it is just common courtesy to keep us in the loop with how things are going. the last update was posted almost 2 months ago now, and although it seemed hopeful that there was solid progression being made, it would be nice if you followed through with your 'stay tuned for more pictures' comment. please update us on how things are going and when you expect to have a working version ready to ship. Thanks. It seems that when pressure was being applied they suddenly responded. Maybe we should do that again? I would like to request a refund. I'd like a refund Please send me a refund, thank you. I'd like a refund too Just contacted kickstarter. They did indicate that they contacted the creator. Gonna have to wait and see what happens now. I would like a full refund. Thank you. It's been a little over a month since last update. Common guys, what is going on? We have the board, and now what? What are you working on? What are the next step? I don't want to start the discuss regarding the refund (since all comments bellow say they haven't received yet), but really soon this is going to happen! Amazing... I've never seen such incompetence in my life. Writing a blog post once a week or even once every two weeks is not hard at all but you somehow make it some impossible task... Let's just stop writing blog posts and maybe everyone will forget, right? No. Let's not respond to anyone's refund requests and maybe they will forget? Nope. I haven't forgotten and will continue to make comments or contact kickstarter until something is done. I'd like a refund as well. Can we get another update on this product? This project was funded over a year ago. Nothing to show? Nothing to say? You have not responded to my requests for a refund.... Sad. Will I ever get my refund? I sent a request months ago.. I would also like a refund please. I have formally reported this project to Kickstarter. Really disappointed in this project. last posted update was in august. Im not looking for a refund, as i understand the process from vision to production isnt always easy. however i would still like to hear how the product is progressing and when we can expect to see actual production and possible shipping dates. Considering it is now 8 months past expected shipping i think you owe it to your 500 backers to keep us updated. Thanks. Well, it seems like I will have to try out what Second Guess says below. Does anyone else know what we can do if we get no more replies? Going on 4 months. Complete silence. Think its time to involve the Feds. Please add my name to the refund list. This is an absolutely wonderful concept, I jus think that it will be challenging to complete it the way that you want. Would love a refund. This is just insane... Takes our money and runs... I formally requested a refund through message for this creator being "unwilling or unable to fulfill the reward" (words from Kickstarter's TOS). No response from creators. Not cool, guys. You had a lot of support and we backers provided the money, support and patience and you're not even communicating. @Fumitaka Idk, I've sent them multiple messages. They seem to be ignoring it. Problems don't just "go away" when you ignore them... @Chris Lovegrove You have to message Ethan, Seth, and Jeff directly. Could somebody let me know how I can request a refund? Do I do this via kickstarter? Has anyone received their refund for this? I did expect some better communication, but once again, its closing to another month without any update. Tricia seems to be in charge of communications, but what communications? I have now sent you another message requesting a refund, please respond. How can i request for a refund? I have been waiting over a month now for a refund. Zero communication.... Refund Requested. If I don't hear anything back this week I guess I'll follow @Second Guess advice and file complaints with the BBB and the Dean at Georgia Tech. 'All refunds are being processed because our communication has let you down.' Nearing 3 months since I requested my refund, still nothing here. I'd like to be added to the refund request list as well. Thank you. I'd like to add myself to the list of refund requests. The lack of communication and technical hurdles that lay ahead have convinced me that this project is DOA. @Paul Wortmann- you are welcome. I just received my refund with note from from Ethan apologizing for going radio silent. It appears that he is still trying to make this project work- good luck for him and everybody. Hey good to see your still alive. Can you respond to my pm please Process my refund as well. Tired of waiting and all the white noise!!!! @Second Guess, thank you for the links. I requested refund also as I lost faith in this project. Ethan initially responded and now not returning my PM's. I have given him this weekend and if I don't hear anything, I am going to lodge my complaint to BBB (<url>é, agree... they can't even give us update... unfortunately I already consider this project as non-recoverable... however I still want to see it work... Ethan, Seth and Jeff, common, any update, no big posts, just small updates to understand what is going on!!! I'd like a refund please. I'd like a refund please. The lack of communication is driving me crazy. Thanks. When you say you're working on a blog post (July 23, 2014 - two weeks ago today), how long does it take you to do that? Your website on your Kickstarter profile (baboomi.com) is still trying to sell these items (linked to an ended December 2013 Indiegogo campaign) with the tag "First production batch ships March 2014". Your track record for delivering even words is poor. Is this a legitimate product being developed or not? Hello, When are these going to be shipped? It's taking much longer than promised, I understand there's bound to be delays but this is way too long. Please answer the question everyone needs to know, when will we actually receive them? I agree with Paul. Please post something on your blog about technical details, or at least something private for the backers on here. Pictures would be so nice! We didn't back you because we wanted to steal your ideas, we backed you to help move the project forward. You don't have to worry about us taking your design and running off with it, if that is one of your worries. The lack of communication is actually getting pretty annoying, not gonna lie. (Also I hope you are honoring the refund requests some people are having.) Hello Jeff, Seth and Ethan Byrd. I hate to be the one to ask, and I don't want to be that annoying Kickstarter backer. But someone has to ask these questions, Kickstarter is a social platform, it is not just about selling a product. If I look at your previous Baboomi kickstarter, the delivery date was December 2013. And this was back in September Last year, it is now July 2014.... You had a working Baboomi prototype in September last year, probably earlier. So I am curious what has changed since then? Besides a picture with some colored LEDs could you show us a video of the current Baboomi? And what has changed internally, what is still left to do, when do you plan to go into production, when do you plan ship? I am grateful for your recent video and blog post, but would like some technical details of what is happening. I already know that you are making an alarm clock and what the desired end result is, you have shown pictures of the software, so I know what it is you are making. BTW when will the SDK be available? I am curious as to the development status of this project? I still have faith in your project and hope for the best! Looking forward to this Saturdays blog post, hope you will be showing the current state of Baboomi! :) Wonder what the inside of the Baboomi looks like now, have you merged any of the circuit boards? Picture would be awesome. ;) Guys, I sent you a message and haven't heard anything in 3 days. Please respond to request for a refund. Gentlemen, please respond to my private messages. I'm in a tight spot. As per your previous update: "The blog will have its first very substantial post on July 5th in the evening." Could you provide a link to this blog post please. Hi Will be moving in Aug, and have updated to new address. Please send after mid-Aug. Beta units not shipped yet. No voting on colors. No mention of shipping date at all after so much delay- I pledged for this 8 months back! I would like to have refund please. Thanks Ben, well put! There is also the possibility of making multiple videos, 1 a week or even a month would be awesome! Or you could answer the 3 questions in the comment thread here? You don't even need to make videos, a few lines about the status of the project maybe with a picture every week or so would be even better! I check this project almost daily! I backed a previous project where the creator of the project did exactly the same thing with promising a video, and kept making excuses and pushing the date for the video further and further... that project did not end well...... The more openly and often you communicate with your backers, the happier they will be. I haven't given up on you guys yet, you can do this! And it would be a lot easier if you kept us in the loop, instead of making me jump to disastrous conclusions due to your silence on the projects status. BTW, next time set a realistic release date for a video, set a dead line for included questions and stick to the release date. We don't expect a cinematic 3 hour movie experience. I would actually prefer a raw uncut down to earth video anyways. Looking forward to that video! :) Just to reiterate, we don't care about a perfectly edited video. Even a single take with a shaky camera is fine. We just need to know what is happening. It's been a month since we were promised a livestream. That was converted to a video about 2 weeks ago. 2 days ago we were promised a video "tomorrow". I know sometimes the truth hurts, but by delaying this you are only hurting yourselves. Backers are a lot more accepting of production issues when they are communicating promptly and honestly. The longer communication is delayed, the less it is trusted and the less forgiving backers are. I've backed a ton of projects. Some have been delayed. I'm totally cool with that. Here's a couple examples: I backed the Almond+ router in March of 2014 for $99 and it was supposed to be delivered Sep 2013. They hit production issues and had to delay things significantly. They did the right thing and let backers know what the issues were, let anyone who wanted get a refund, and gave a new estimated ship date. Now in June of 2014 they have finally begun shipping. I am totally cool with them delaying everything because they communicated about it. I'd be willing to back another project by that company. On the other hand I backed a couple decks of playing cards for $30 in January of 2013 that was supposed to be delivered in March of 2013. The company that managed the campaign said there were delays but didn't give a new ship date, were unresponsive to communications, and didn't give regular updates. I received my rewards this month from that campaign but would not fund another campaign by the same creators. Communication is everything. Please do right by your backers and let us know what is going on. You said that we'd have a video "tomorrow". It has been 25 hours since you posted that. Are we getting the Baboomi, or even the video at this point? No promised video or update and I am sick of stalling tactics. Are you going to ship Baboomi or do we need to take this matter to authorities- BBB, Kickstarter, Police department at Georgia tech, or the cybercrime department at <url>#comments But it looks like you were last on Kickstarter on the 9th of May....but didn't have enough time to say hi, or let us know what is happening, feeling disappointed and cheated. If you are having issues with development or manufacture rather be open about it, you never know someone here might have a solution. If I am unable to contact you via Kickstarter, would you mind if I send an email to the Georgia Institute of Technology where you are apparently student, maybe they can help me get in contact with you? <url>"We're doing fine." Communication is key to keeping loyal customers, and it's not hard to communicate. Please try harder, I don't want to feel like I spent $100 for nothing. Can you start the voting for the colors now instead of waiting and wasting the time. This will allow you to know the color and start the manufacturing process sooner than later. Thanks Really guys? This is getting ridiculous. I'm sorry but no successful company works like this. Keep to your word and post an update; it doesn't need to be a six page long explanation. Tell us what you are doing and why are behind schedule, but now a month behind and a update three days late is ridiculous, especially after almost two months of radio silence. And? It's now April, any update on when these will be shipped out? It's been a while since updating and I understand you are busy people but the lack of communication is astonishing. Curious about any update at all? Hey again. Still a long time since last update. Any news what so ever would be great I'm curious whether you know what sort of person & company you're supporting by using American Apparel T-shirts for your rewards. <url>"etc" in the update). Also I am curious as how can Baboomi provide with information regarding statistics, sleep quality, live updates? Thanks So if we want to use sleep analytics (since it's close to the $40k stretch goal), I assume the normal Baboomi will support it? I just upgraded my pledge to become a beta tester =) Can the Baboomi penetrate through 2 pillows for those of us who sleep with two stacked? Personally, I think the sleep monitoring should be part of the base package of this device, being a device aimed soley at waking you up, sleep monitoring could be intrinsically linked to as and when to wake you up... E.g. rather than a specified time which the alarm will wake you, you give the "latest" you want to wake up, and then through sleep analysis will wake you at the premium point, at the lightest point of sleep, within a (half) hour window... There are phone apps that do this well, but as this product is designed to replace using a phone / vibration to wake you... seems to make sense that this is part of the core design & feature set of baboomi? Can the Baboomi penetrate through 2 pillows for those of us who sleep with two stacked? Is it more pleasant to wake up to the Baboomi compared to maybe beach sounds on a traditional alarm? Is the only big draw that it doesnt wake up your partner too, or is it good for those without partners, as a more relaxing way to wake up? id like to see the battery be removable, for when the inevitable day comes that the battery stops holding a charge, it can be replaced without having to replace the whole baboomi Also the estimated delivery date for the Beta program is listed the same as the standard units on the right pledge boxes. Beta should be listed as January according to the home description. I'm considering upgrading to the beta pledge because I want it asap. How about a vertical charging stand for those with little nightstand space left? Maybe even wall mountable. Really!! Its almost a week with no response to the questions. This does not reflect very good on your responsibility and instill confidence. I cannot imagine how the communication would be once the project is funded. I just wanted to know if there are options to add extra units? Maybe think about adding a micro USB input as a back up for charging on the road. I would like to order the duo but it is hard to justify when I would have to take the charging dock when I travel. Does White Baboomi lacks any hardware component that prevents it holding the custom scripts unlike black baboomi. Or is it only software issue. I am not interested in the wifi as much as the customization capability of black baboomi. I am not a developer and cannot tinker with the scripts like others. But I would like to able to download the future upgrades to Baboomi made by other developers to make it more useful. If it is a hardware issue then I can understand to pay $30 more for this feature but if it is in the software, then I think it should be available to both black and white versions. Thanks Please, could you make the difference between black and white versions more clear? Personally, I still don't get it. For me it looks as Plus (former Developer) version has additionally t-Shirt, WiFi on level of hardware and Developer SDK on level of software. Is it so? In case these are all the differences it is still unclear whether the Developer SDK worth of additional pledge and in case I get white version will I be able to just buy(?) the SDK and use it with the snowy? I am a developer and it looks as I should be interested in the black version and I am still considering upgrading to it but I don't see why? Thank you in advance! Hi! The $99 level still calls it a developer version. Is this an error, and should it be called Baboomi Plus? Or is there truly a developer version? What is the "Baboomi Plus" in a single version? Thanks! Howard Hey guys, congrats on getting funded! Btw, just a reminder to post more explicit diferences between the Baboomi and Baboomi Plus; I'm still considering upgrading to the latter. Cheers! Continuing on the oversleep detection, there is a new project on KS called Sensor Film Kit. Its a pressure switch in film form that connects to microcontrollers. It would be cool to have a pressure switch component or add on for the Baboomi. I did back the Sensor Film Kit and will try to tie it into the Wigwag and Baboomi. Everything will be going off in the room if I am still in bed when I should almost dress and ready to leave. <url>"stuff" that works for sleeping, they usually place the device in the corner of the bed next to your head. So not under the pillow. I can imagine having this under my pillow and in my sleep i would just move it around too much. (since enough people place their arms/hands under the pillow too) Hi Guys, I see Android and iPhone support, could I hook up a new Blackberry 10 device to the Baboomi? +1 for an LCD in the base unit to display time, alarm status etc... Congrats! We finally hit the goal!!! :) Congrats on hitting the funding goal! $20,584 and rising.. Will this have the same functionality as the "sleep cycle" app on the iphone? That it wakes you up when it detects your sleeping "light"? If it will or have similar options i might want to have 2, but i only can pledge 1 (or can i just add more money to it and make a note?) Been looking for something like this; some kind of low-light LCD integration into the base, would be great; could be used to display time, alarm status and so forth. Would the inductive charging be able to charge a smartphone with wireless charging capabilities? If it not currently could this be a stretch goal? Also could like a cheap LCD be put on the charging unit to display the time? I personally only have my alarm clock in my room as my time keeper, besides my phone, so it would be nice to still have my alarm clock show the time. Thanks and good luck. Just to make sure that I understand it right, the white version works only as alarm and has no data analysis capability like sleep statistics etc unlike the black version. Is that correct? If you could include a comparison chart between white and black models in the home page that would be great. Thanks. Obviously the sdk isn't baked yet, but it'd be very awesome to have an alert call that instantly triggers the device to max level from a smartphone or other device. I can see integration points with Smoke detectors, door alarms, or in my case "System Failure" notification emails. Another quick question about the developer version. Does it function just as the regular version as well? Can I use it as an alarm right out of the box? Another quick question about the developer version. Does it function just as the regular version as well? Can I use it as an alarm right out of the box? I have Google Nexus 4 E960. It looks as the phone has Bluetooth 4.0 but I am not sure about Low Energy protocol. Please, could you confirm that the phone will be able to connect fine with Baboomi? P.S. Great product! Maybe tie into the Range Smart Thermometer as well. With the Range, you must leave your phone in the kitchen, when the desired temp is met, it would trigger the Baboomi to alert. The more collaboration the better =) <url>"Beddit has an integrated smart alarm clock that wakes you up in the desired time window, when you sleep lightly. This enables you to wake up refreshed, instead of feeling drowsy. You can also set the alarm to wake you when you have had enough restorative sleep and recovery if you don't need to wake up at certain time. " <url>