Hello, my name is Alec Longstreth. Since 2002, I have been self-publishing the Ignatz Award-winning minicomic Phase 7. I have drawn 18 issues so far! From 2004-2011 I serialized my first graphic novel, Basewood in the pages of Phase 7. The goal of this Kickstarter is to raise enough money to get Basewood professionally printed as a hardback book. UPDATE: We reached the funding goal, so Basewood will be printed! We also reached the push goal, so a cool companion volume which comes with a rock opera version of Basewood will be sent out to all the backers at the $25 level or above! The Story Basewood is a classic amnesia story set in a fantastical forest. There is a young man trying to discover more about his mysterious past, an old hermit who lives in a treehouse with his loyal dog, a young woman who fights for what she believes in and a giant wolf-dragon who shows up in each of the five chapters of Basewood. It is a story of adventure, love, loss, friendship and growth. You can read the entirety of Basewood on my website right now, for free! A French-language edition of Basewood was published by L'employé du Moi in 2012. In Belgium, France and Quebec it is marketed as a YA graphic novel. Here's what some other cartoonists have said about Basewood: "Drawn with delicate precision, brimming with heart and adventure, Basewood is an exquisite gem of a work. It's a genuine miracle that a comic this beautifully unique exists at all." - James Kochalka, author of American Elf, Monkey Vs. Robot and Johnny Boo "Longstreth's deceptively simple drawings of this harsh world filled with axes, ropes, pulleys, and levers, a place where you must bend nature with your bare hands to survive, have a layered intricacy that looks like something that should be carved on a medieval cathedral. One of my favorite books to spend time with."- Jeff Smith, author of Bone and RASL "Alec Longstreth is the most generous and enthusiastic cartoonist I've ever met, and his work brims over with that same contagious energy. His greatest work to date, Basewood, is a full sensory immersion into a meticulously-crafted, warm-hearted, and most of all epic world." - Craig Thompson, author of Habibi, Blankets and Good-Bye, Chunky Rice The Effort It took me seven years to draw all 204 pages of Basewood. It was rendered in a highly detailed crosshatching style on 18" x 24" sheets of Bristol board. It was a lot of work! You may have seen my Basewood Beard project, in which I cut off all of my hair and then took a photo each time I finished penciling or inking a page for the last three chapters. If not, this video will give you a good idea of what those three and a half years of my life were like: The Book Because of all the work that went into the creation of Basewood, I really want the final book to be something I can be proud of. It's important to me that the art is reproduced at a big enough size so that readers can see all of the detail on every page. And, because of the larger page size, I want the book to have a hardback binding so that it is not flopping around in the reader's hands. My plan is to use the French edition of Basewood (pictured above) as a template for the English edition. The book will be approximately 9" x 12" with a full-color cover and one-color endpapers. If I raise my goal, I will print 2,000 copies of the book. The Extras I'm hoping to raise most of my goal amount through pre-orders of the book. However, I'm also offering a few exclusive extras for hardcore Basewood fans, which I will list below. The simplest is a signed copy of the book, which will feature a sketch of one of the five characters from Basewood along with a dedication and my signature. I'm also offering a Phase 7 "completist" set, which includes signed copies of the other three Phase 7 collections: Phase 7, Transition, B-Sides. Along with Basewood, it's 786 pages in all! You can learn more about these collections over on my website. Back in 2007 Jed McClure at Albatross Press made a letterpress print of a panel from Basewood. For this Kickstarter campaign I will take the remaining twenty-five prints and color them by hand with watercolors. Suitable for framing! In 2012 my extremely talented wife Claire Sanders designed a plush toy version of the wolf-dragon from Basewood, which is eighteen inches from nose to tail. She has agreed to make five more of these monsters for exclusive backer rewards. After Basewood This project surpassed the $16,000 push goal, so backers at the $25 level or above will also receive a very special issue of Phase 7 which will be a companion volume to Basewood. It will have two parts: 1) over 50 pages of concept drawings, character design sketches, building schematics, inking tests and Basewood pinups by other cartoonists and 2) a CD containing Songs From the Basewood, a rock opera version of Basewood composed by Andy Hentz and myself, as well as all of the lyrics. You can learn more about this bonus content and see (and listen to!) samples over in this update. Also, just so everyone knows, Chris Pitzer at AdHouse Books has agreed to help distribute Basewood if this Kickstarter is successful! That means that if I get enough money to self-publish the book, he will help me enter Basewood into the Diamond Comics Distribution system. Doing so would allow people to find Basewood at their local comics shop, and in bookstores and online. I've never done this step with one of my books before, so I really appreciate Chris's offer of help! I will still be selling the book through my website and at conventions. Hello Basewood Backers! I wanted to let you know that this morning I launched a new Kickstarter campaign to collect the first 144 pages of my fantasy webcomic, Isle of Elsi, into a hardback book! It's a fantasy adventure in the same vein as Basewood, only this time it is more lighthearted, with jokes and puns and a much nicer dragon. :) The intended audience is kids, but I think anyone who enjoyed Basewood would have a blast reading this book. If you can believe it, there are only 36 copies of Basewood left of the 2,000 that were originally printed for the Kickstarter. I'm offering these very last copies at a "Fantasy Fanatic" tier. Once they're gone, that's it for Basewood. Well, the paperback second edition will remain in print indefinitely... but that's it for the hardback first edition - never to be printed again! There are some other exciting rewards (very similar to Basewood) , so check it out! And if anyone feels like helping me spread the word about this new campaign, I'll take all the help I can get. Thanks, everyone! Hello Basewood Backers- This is the final update of this project, because all copies of Phase 7 #020 and Songs From the Basewood have been sent out to all of the Backers who pledged at the $25 tier or above! I'm going to make this final post public so that non-backers will be able to access its information. It's going to be a long one, so let me lay out what I'm going to cover: Songs From the Basewood! Crunching the Numbers What I Learned by Doing this Kickstarter Moving Forward Songs From the Basewood! I started a new job last week, so the task of mailing out 500 copies of Phase 7 #020 fell to my wonderful wife Claire . Hooray for Claire! She has been such a huge help during this entire project. I might have been able to do it without her, but it would have taken twice as long (at least!) to get everything shipped out. She also helped me make countless trips to the storage unit to lug heavy boxes of Basewood books and helped in a million other supportive ways so that I could focus on this project. I am so lucky to have her on "Team Basewood." If your copy of Phase 7 #020 has not arrived yet, it should be there soon! In the meantime, Songs From the Basewood has been activated on Bandcamp.com! You can head over there right now and stream the whole album for free! Please note that there are small gaps between the songs when streaming which are not there when you download the tracks, or listen to it on CD. Today is the official "release date" for SFTBW, so I would really appreciate any help spreading the word about it! You can direct your friends and followers to the Bandcamp page, which has a "Merch" tab where people can buy copies of Basewood and Phase 7 #020. Crunching the Numbers I have made my last updates to the Basewood Kickstarter public accounting page. On it, you can see that I spent $27,441.86 just creating and distributing the backer rewards, and another $8,314.28 for miscellaneous costs such as paying taxes, storing the books, etc. etc. All in all that's $35,756.14 or $14,312.14 over my original Kickstarter funding ($21,444). This may sound like I really messed things up, but I don't feel that way. Those numbers represent the printing of 2,000 copies of Basewood and 1,000 copies of Phase 7 #020, but only 500 copies of each went out to the backers. I have been making some of that money back by selling the additional copies. As of right now, there are 756 copies of Basewood still in stock. If I sold all of those copies through my website, it would almost exactly cancel out this debt. It's difficult to calculate exact numbers when it comes to self-publishing comics. People always forget that the numbers never take into account the creation of the book itself! By my estimates, it took me approximately 6,000 hours to draw Basewood. So if there had been $6,000 left over, I would have made $1 per hour (!?!) Luckily, I am not making comics because I want to get rich. I'm making comics because I love doing it. I'm extremely proud of the way the Basewood turned out. When I hold it in my hands, I know that I did not make any compromises and it is exactly the book that I wanted it to be. If that sense of satisfaction costs $14,312.14, it is cheap at the price. What I Learned by Doing This Kickstarter 1) Shipping is Expensive! I did not do a very good job of estimating the shipping for this project. One of the huge cost overages was the fact that the USPS increased their rates between the completion of the Kickstarter campaign and the time when we sent out the books. This was especially brutal on international orders. If I did another Kickstarter campaign, I might try to launch it early in a year, not later (this one ended September 28th) so that this wouldn't happen again. 2) Cover Price? A few people have said that I should have charged more for Basewood. A $30 cover price is probably a more accurate price for an oversized, hardback, 216-page graphic novel. This is tricky though, because I had even more people tell me that they specifically picked up the book because of the $20 cover price. If it was $30 would fewer people have backed the project? Hard to tell... 3) Push Goals - When I was setting up my project, I was surprised that Kickstarter actually discouraged me from creating push goals. For me, it was never a question. By the time this project launched, Andy and I had already spent four years working on Songs From the Basewood, so it was happening. But now that the dust has settled, I can see where Kickstarter was coming from. If I had not made SFTBW, the excess leftover money would have almost exactly paid for all of my "miscellaneous" costs. Oh well! I am extremely proud of Songs From the Basewood. It sounds incredible to me and it feels good to know that I paid the performers fair prices for the use of their talents. I have no regrets, but I might not do this again if I did another Kickstarter. 4) Kickstarter projects are a lot of work! This project has pretty much dominated my life for the last ten months. Sure, there is the work of making the books and mailing them out to everyone, but I also posted almost weekly updates about that process, which was a lot of work in and of itself. I heard back from a lot of backers that they appreciated me keeping them in the loop. It only seems logical to me, after they ponied up their hard-earned money to make my dreams a reality! This is something I will definitely do again if I ever run another Kickstarter campaign. Moving Forward I am still hitting the road pretty hard for the rest of this year, to try and sell those last 756 copies of Basewood! The biggest show yet, San Diego Comic Con is just around the corner. I'll be at table K-06 in the Small Press Pavilion, along with Claire, Liz Prince and Greg Means. We'll be there for five days, so maybe we'll see some of you there! I'll also be at the San Francisco Zine Fest August 31st - September 1st and The Small Press Expo in Bethesda, Maryland September 13th-14th, as well as a few other shows. It would be great to meet more of you backers at those shows! As ever, I really appreciate it when you guys help me spread the word about Basewood by sharing it with a friend, or by sending them to the Basewood information page, or writing a review of it on Amazon or Goodreads , or asking for it at your local comic shop (Diamond Order Code: JAN14 0835). As a self-publisher, I don't really have a marketing budget, so word of mouth recommendations help a ton! Well, that's about it. I want to thank all of the backers one last time for making this all possible. It has been a wild ride, and I'm honored that so many of you believed in my project. I hope you all have fun rocking out to Songs From the Basewood! Best, Alec Hello Basewood Backers! One of my oldest comics pals, Liz Prince (who was also the first person to back this Kickstarter!) is coming to the Bay Area this week. Her new book Alone Forever is hot off the press, so we thought it would be fun to do some book signings together while she is in town! - FRI 2/21: Liz and I will be signing at Mission: Comics and Art in San Francisco starting at 5pm! - SAT 2/22: Liz and I will be signing at Dr. Comics and Mr. Games in Oakland starting at 2pm! The above links will take you to Facebook "event" pages where you can get all the details. If you live in the Bay Area, please swing on by! Backers will be able to pick up their copy of Basewood if it has not yet arrived in the mail (please send me a message through Kickstarter if you plan on doing this, so I have some idea of how many extra books to bring) or you can get your copy signed, or buy a copy for a friend, or just check out Liz's book, or all the other cool books in these two amazing comics shops! I'm making this update "public" so that you can share this info with your Bay Area friends if you'd like. I hope to see some of you there! Best, Alec Yup, you guessed it, the next thing to arrive from the printer was a fully-bound, 100% real copy of Basewood! This book was no proof. It was a "We sure hope you like how this looks, because we just put 2,000 of them on a boat that's headed your way" book! And luckily, I do like how it looks! I hope you do too: Actually, to me, the book looks a bit more like this: All kidding aside, here is a video of a quick flip through the book, so you can see how it looks in action. (Warning: this flip-through contains some spoilers!) So what's next? Well, as I mentioned on the Basewood Kickstarter project page, AdHouse Books has agreed to help me distribute Basewood through Diamond Comics Distributors. it just so happens that Basewood is being solicited in Diamond's ordering catalog, Previews , this week! The Diamond Order Code is: JAN14 0835 So if anyone would like to see Basewood in their local comic shop, you can give them that code and they will be able to order it for you! I have set up this page which has a press release that I sent out to my favorite shops, as well as links to sample chapters and other information about the book. I'm going to make this post public so that people who missed the Kickstarter project can still get a copy of the book by ordering it through their local comic shop. Happy Holidays everyone!!! The Basewood Kickstarter campaign wrapped up quietly this morning and I couldn't be happier with the results: 510 backers and $21,444 pledged (!!?!) It's enough to boggle a cartoonist's mind... I am humbled by your generous outpouring of support. Thank you. Now that the campaign is over, there is a lot of work to be done! Starting Monday I will be posting backer-only updates about the progress of Basewood and the Basewood companion volume (which includes Songs From the Basewood). As stated on the Kickstarter page, my goal is to have all the rewards in the hands of the backers by April 2014, or preferably sooner! I will make one last public post in April to let non-backers know when Basewood will be available to the general public. Thanks again to everyone for your support! Best, Alec Over the weekend I put the finishing touches on the Basewood ebook. Everyone who pledges at the $10 level or above will receive this DRM-free .pdf file. Check out the video below to see a preview of this file in action! It's got plenty of resolution, so readers will be able to zoom in and appreciate all the detailed drawings in this book. This is the last week of the Basewood Kickstarter campaign, so tell your friends it is their last chance to jump on board! After the funding period is over, all remaining updates for this project will be for backers only. Speaking of last chances, there are only two days left in the Cartozia Tales Kickstarter and they still have a ways to go! If you want to help bring this great all-ages fantasy comics series into the world, please consider pledging your support. I will be directly involved in this project by drawing a pin-up for one of the later issues next year. If you pledge $68 you will get all ten issues delivered to your door as they are released in the coming months. I got to see issues #1 and #2 at SPX and the printing is very high quality (think Papercutter, for those of you in the know) and the comics and stories are top-notch. There are so many talented cartoonists working on this project. I'm pulling for this campaign, because I want to read these comics! Please consider checking it out. Okay, thanks everyone for all of your support, and we'll see where this thing finishes at the end of the week. So far it has been a wild ride! Best, Alec Well, I had a great time at SPX in Washington D.C. this past weekend. Thanks so much to all the backers who swung by and said hello. It was a lot of fun meeting you all in person! Last week my wife Claire put up a blog post about her process for creating the Wolf-Dragon plush toy. Her post includes a bunch of photos of the Wolf-Dragon plush she made for me last year. That one will be the prototype for the five she will make for the $300 backer rewards. As of this writing, there is only one of these left! Claire also edited all of the videos for this campaign, which was a huge help. She's working on one more video, to show off the Basewood eBook, which I'm hoping to post early next week. Only ten days left to go! Best, Alec The Basewood Kickstarter just passed $16,000! This means that the Basewood companion volume and Songs From the Basewood will be sent out to everyone at the $25 level or above! I think you all will really enjoy this bonus content. As I mentioned before, all funds raised from here on out will be used to defray production, shipping, and storage costs. I'm leaving on Friday for SPX. I hope to see some of you there! Best, Alec Over the weekend I sent out some emails to try and lock in the "cast" for Songs From the Basewood. All my first picks said yes! :) I will be singing the part of the Monster (hisssssss!) and Andy Hentz will be singing the part of Argus (as well as performing all of the music). Our pal Sudara Williams will be singing the part of the Dog (Sudara is the musical mastermind behind sites like ALoneTone.com and RamenMusic.com ). He will also be helping out with the final mix. Ben Montgomery will be singing the part of Ben and my old friend Lindsay Sharp will be singing the part of Caren. These people are all tremendously talented and I feel very lucky to have them involved with the project. I'm telling you, this album is going to sound great! Tonight I'm leaving on a trip to the East coast to do some teaching at The Center for Cartoon Studies and then to exhibit at the Small Press Expo in Bethesda, Maryland. This will be my last big push to drum up support for the Basewood Kickstarter. If any of you backers live in the Washington D.C. area, please swing by! It was really fun getting to meet some of you face-to-face at the San Francisco Zine Fest. My friend Isaac Cates will also be at SPX, drumming up support for his Kickstarter: Cartozia Tales. I think fans of Basewood would really enjoy this series of all-ages fantasy comics. I've read the first issue and it's super fun! Many of the contributors are friends of mine, and I will be drawing a Cartozia pin-up for one of the later issues. Anyway, I'm a proud backer of their project, and I wanted to let all of you know, in case you are looking for another cool comics project to back. When I get back from SPX I'm going to post a preview of the Basewood eBook which I have been working on. There's also a lot going on behind the scenes for the print edition, but I'm going to save that stuff for backers-only updates after funding period has ended. Thanks to everyone for continuing to spread the word! Best, Alec Well, it has been a busy week! As I write this, the project is almost 140% funded and I'm sure some of you have been wondering how I will use this extra money. There are no bells or whistles that I want to add to the book. My original $10,000 goal exactly covers the printing bill for my ultimate, dream-edition of Basewood, which will soon be a reality, thanks to all of you! Instead, I'm setting a "push goal" to produce a very special issue of Phase 7 which will be a companion volume to Basewood. It will have two parts: 1) over 50 pages of concept drawings, character design sketches, building schematics, inking tests and Basewood pinups by other cartoonists and 2) a CD containing Songs From the Basewood, a rock opera version of Basewood composed by Andy Hentz and myself, as well as all of the lyrics. At the bottom of this post there are samples of these "extras" along with a short medley from some of the many Songs From the Basewood demos. If we can reach $16,000 before the end of the campaign, every backer at the $25 level or above will receive a physical copy of this Basewood companion volume. If this sounds like something you'd like to own, please tell a friend about this Kickstarter, or consider raising your pledge above the $25 amount to help make this possibility. If any funds are raised above $16,000, they will go towards the various production, storage and shipping fees associated with self-publishing Basewood. For instance, Kickstarter and Amazon each take 5% of the funding total. I was prepared to pay these fees out of pocket, but if the funding goes above $16,000 I will use that extra money to pay those fees and other such costs. As soon as the campaign ends I will set up a public accounting page on my website so that all of you can see exactly how I am spending money on this project. I can hear some of you thinking, "Wait… ROCK OPERA??!" Read on to learn more about this side-project, which Andy and I have been chipping away at for over four years now! In 2007, Rivers Cuomo released an album of home recordings called Alone which included many tracks from his abandoned album, Songs From the Black Hole. On this album, each member of Weezer was going to sing the part of a different character and each song pushed a plot forward so that the album told a story. I really loved this idea, and around this same time I fell in love hard with the band Harry and the Potters, who sing songs from Harry Potter's first-person perspective. At some point, these two musical projects collided in my mind, and I thought "What if I made a musical version of Basewood?!" I immediately sought out the help of my amazingly talented musical friend, Andy Hentz. Over a series of long emails and Skype conversations I pitched the idea to Andy and he responded with tons of great ideas and a lot of enthusiasm. In 2009, Andy sent me his first little snippet of a song that he had written about Basewood and my mind was blown! We started recording demos and emailing them back and forth to each other. This was all happening when I was slogging through chapter four of Basewood. I can't emphasize enough how much these songs helped me get through the final couple of years of Basewood. Each song was a little burst of inspiration; something to listen to while I kept drawing. In 2011, after I finished drawing Basewood, Andy and I reorganized all of our demos on the music collaboration site Kompoz.com which allowed us to comment on each other's tracks and discuss lyrics in a message board format. Spreadsheets were drawn up to determine which tracks were necessary to tell the entire story of Basewood and many hours were spent rocking out. At this point only a few remaining tracks need to be demoed and then we can begin the recording process. Andy is going to record all of the instrumental music and then he and I will each sing the part of one Basewood character. We will enlist three of our musician friends to sing the parts of the other three characters. Listen to the medley at the bottom of this post to get a taste of how cool this is going to sound! You should also check out some of Andy's other amazing music . We are going to aim to have this sent out by April 2014, along with the hardcover copies of Basewood. Best, Alec Now that the Basewood Kickstarter has surpassed its funding goal, I have started watercoloring the letterpress prints. Each one is done by hand, which takes quite a while, so I'm trying to do a couple each day. That way they'll all be finished when this campaign ends on September 28th. Yesterday my wife Claire filmed me painting one of these and made this little time-lapse video of the process (see below). This video features the same music from the Basewood Kickstarter video, which is by my amazingly talented composer friend Andy Hentz. I'm working on some pricing estimates for a cool push goal that I plan to announce by the end of the week. It's a side project that ties in very closely with Basewood and will hopefully be something that everyone gets excited about. More on that soon! Wow! The Basewood Kickstarter just reached its funding goal after only 39 hours! Thank you SO MUCH to all of the backers for your generous support of this project. I am SO excited that I will be able to publish Basewood exactly how I've always envisioned it. I'll post another update next week with some ideas about the remaining 28 days of this campaign. Have a great labor day weekend everybody! And THANK YOU!!!!!!!! Best, Alec It is the day after I launched this Kickstarter, and somehow, amazingly, it is already more than 80% funded. Thank you all so much for your generous support! You have already exceeded all my expectations. It's off to a great start! I wanted to share a photo with you, of the Basewood postcards, which arrived yesterday (see below). These are the backer reward postcards, but I'm also going to be using them to help promote the Basewood Kickstarter at a few upcoming shows, including this weekend! The San Francisco Zine Fest takes place August 31-September 1 at the San Francisco County Fair Building in Golden Gate Park. I will be sharing table 63 with Tugboat Press all weekend long. If you are in the Bay Area, please swing by! I will have a copy of the French edition of Basewood on display and I'll be handing out these promotional postcards to try and drum up more support for this campaign. I'll also have copies of Phase 7 #018 hot off the press. I hope to see some of you there! Best, Alec I woke up at 5am this morning to launch my Kickstarter campaign. Five hours later, more than one-third of the money has already been pledged. !!?! It really means a lot to me to see so many close friends in the list of backers. It's also very exciting to see so many new names! You guys are the best. I've got a bunch of cool updates planned for the coming weeks, but for now I just wanted to say thank you so much for backing the Basewood Kickstarter. Let's all keep spreading the word and hopefully we'll get to hold this book in our hands someday soon. Best, Alec Rydych yn croeso, Nello! Thanks everyone for the encouraging comments! I'm so glad you're all enjoying the book. Hi Daniel- Thanks so much for your thoughtful comments! Hopefully the Basewood Companion Volume and Songs From the Basewood album will help satisfy your desire to know more about the characters and the world of Basewood. Look for those, along with the hardback book in the months to come! Best, Alec Hi Luc- The blank speech balloons are intentional; it was my attempt to help separate the reader from time, since it is sort of a montage scene. Instead of focusing on what's being said in that panel, which ties you to that moment, the balloons are blank, which hopefully detaches the reader a bit, so that it is less jarring when time starts speeding up. Like in film, when a montage starts, usually music fills the soundtrack and you cannot hear what people are saying, but you can see that things are being said. It might not be totally successful, but it was an attempt to try something new in comics! It might not make sense when you just flip through the book and see it, but hopefully it will make sense when you are reading the whole book and it appears in context. It happens a few other times throughout the book. Wow, thanks Patrick! I'm honored you backed the big heavy book, even after reading Basewood! Sorry the shipping is so expensive. Glad to have you on board! Hi Tyler- Thanks for backing this project! I'm already going to have my hands full getting these books signed and out to everyone by April, along with finishing up Songs From the Basewood. I'd rather not push my luck and try to add on too many extra things. I want to stay focused on the book. So, alas, I have no plans to make a Basewood T-Shirt. Sorry, man! Hi Connor- I became pen pals with a Belgian cartoonist named Max de Radiguès, who is part of the L'employé du Moi comics collective. In 2007 they published a 200-page collection of my Phase 7 comics: <url>#014: <url>ürgen Press before. I really enjoyed checking out his work. I can see the similarity too. Thank you for the high complement and for backing this project. Wow, thanks for this heartfelt comment, Ulysses! I agree that the best comics are creator owned. I look forward to getting a copy of it into your hands! :) Marc, I'm glad to know you are enjoying Phase 7 so far! Thanks gang. I am absolutely humbled by everyone's support of this project. Thanks everyone! It's been an amazing day so far. Hopefully we can keep this momentum going strong! This hardcover's production quality blows away other kickstarter books I've gotten at $75 to a $100. At $25 this book is a steal! Hope you sell through quickly and recoup. Beautiful dedicated copy ! I love it, nice job Alec ! Thank you ! My copy came in today! Thanks! This user's account has been deleted. Just received my book in the mail today. It is awesome!!! So pleased I kickstarted this, you need the physical copy to do the story justice! Amazing effort from Alec and all the people involved. Quality updates too. Thanks!!! Got my copy in the mail and it looks gorgeous, thanks for the book and your truly enlightening and comprehensive updates on its making. Book arrived today- looks awesome. Hi Alec, I've been following your well documented process and as a fellow comic book artist, it's been brilliant to see. I got my book today and it looks so well crafted. Looking forward to sitting in a quiet corner and reading it.Thank you. Got my book on Friday and it looks terrific! Hi Alec, I wasn't familiar with your work before I backed your Kickstarter campaign. A friend posted your campaign on his tumblr, and I clicked along. I downloaded the pdf you sent to backers the other day and read it on my iPad, cover to cover, in one sitting. The story is great and the art is incredible. I am really happy with this project, and that is before I even get the physical copy. Anyway, great job. I want to see more. I want to know more about your characters and the world you've created for them here in Basewood. Thanks a ton. Sincerely, Dan Boehl Hi Alec Before I pledged I borrowed the french version from my library to see if I liked the book. I noticed that in that edition a few pages had blank and/or cropped word balloons and I assumed if was a printing error. I took a quick peek at the pdf you just sent us and it's the same thing , they're around page 60. I'M curious as to why you chose to leave the blank spaces on the pages rather then simply not putting any word balloons. Thanks , Luc Woo-hoo! Stoked on this! Congratulations! Looking forward to your updates! I discovered this on my Kickstarter app the other morning and after reading the whole book online (I wanted to stop halfway to keep the ending a surprise but couldn't) I have to back this! It's awesome, and while the e-book PDF is practical for me as an Aussie backer, I think it needs the real book to do it justice! So I've gone for the $25 pledge with shipping. Great work Alec! Hey Alec I'm totally pumped to get a copy of Basewood! What are the odds we could get like a t-shirt with that amazing logo as an add-on or something? This looks really great and interesting, but I have one question. How did Basewood get published in French? I have never read this comic but the art looked amazing and after reading more about it I had to back it. I am really excited to read this. Just saw this and had to become a backer! Looks so good. I backed at the $40 dedication level, so where do I tell you which character for the sketch in the book? Thanks Impressive determination !!! I Just can't believe this it's really awesome :D I love your style! It reminds me of Hans Jurgen Press. Very cool project. This is one of the most inspiring pieces of work ever to be created in the graphic medium. This is the kind of comic/graphic novel I love. It is not an ongoing story that is to be homogenized over the years by an nTH number of writers, lovelessly manufactured month by month year after year. This story is the realization of a young artist's dream that has been meticulously forged page by page and tempered by Alec's whole hearted dedication year after unrelenting year. I love creator owned comics because the work is actually the formation of the artist's vision, unbridled to the trite restrictions of a continuity that is not their own. Basewood however, is more than just a creator owned comic, it is a dream that has been so fully realized that in every line of every panel on every page it still inspires in the reader that, even though the story is now tangible and real, it was born as a dream; a dream so vivid that it was never to be forgotten upon waking. Ive just read the first 3 chapters of phase 7 and its just so enjoyable to read. That part were you got burnt by the wind made me laugh. Cant wait to get this book im going to eventually get them all lol. Peace!! Congratulations, Alec! This is so amazing. There is a disturbing mash-up of the songs "We Are the Champions" and "Baby Got Back(ers)" running through my head right now. Congratulations on blowing up the kickstartersphere! CONGRATS on hitting your goal so quickly, Alec! This is just wonderful. So excited to finally get my paws on this! I know longer think of ZZ Top when I see those long beards. I think Basewood. Good luck, Alec. You are well on your way. Alec, I can't believe you are practically 50% backed! Amazing! Good Luck man. Basewood deserves a great format. Well on the way. Good luck. Looks great. I just read Phase 7 #017, which is all about Weezer's Blue Album. I became an instant fan of Alec's work-- his work is super thoughtful and put me in such a good mood! Can't wait to see Basewood! Go, Alec, Go!!! Off to a fabulous start!