Missed our Kickstarter? Meet Beam Beam can turn any flat surface into a big screen. It is a powerful projector equipped with a smart computer, all inside a beautifully designed casing. You can play games, watch movies or share content from your smartphone or tablet. Beam will assist you in your daily activities, like wake you up in the morning with the latest news and your agenda or show you your social updates when you come home. Beam is easy to set up and control with the Apple or Android app. You can screw it into any light socket or use the included power cable to place it on any flat surface. With Beam we created an easy to use internet of things device that can entertain and assist you throughout the day, perfectly integrated in your home. The technology inside Beam is so unique that we decided to patent it. Patent Pending! What can I do with Beam? These are just a few examples but there’s a lot more that you can do! With Beam you can watch TV on your bedroom ceiling, play games using your phone or a Bluetooth controller, project recipes on your kitchen counter, stream content from your network drive, listen to music through its speakers, play projected board-games on your dining table, show a presentation or even use it in a restaurant to show the menu and turn the walls into digital paintings. Because Beam is running Android, you can use any app available in the Google Play Store. You can of course control Beam with the app on your Apple or Android device. If this then that You make the rules, and Beam will follow your rules without question! You can tell Beam to do what you want it to do when something you define happens. You can choose or even combine the following IF’s and THEN’s in any way you want. There is no maximum of IF’s you can combine to trigger a THEN. Join our competition — Let us know in the comments what IF’s and THEN’s you would like to see, we will add the best ideas! How to use Beam Just download the Beam-app and you are ready to go. The Beam-app controls every aspect of Beam. You can use it to control Beam and do things like set up your IF’s and THEN’s. Everyone at home will have a personal home screen to easily start their favorite activities. The Beam-app will be available on iOS and Android. You can also control Beam with the buttons on it or with bluetooth devices. Let's talk hardware We created Beam to be as versatile as possible. Everybody will be able to use it how they want, in every room of their house. Beam has the following specifications: E27 to Bayonet adapter — We will include a free adapter for all our Backers that live in a country where they use Bayonet light fixtures! Connectivity — You can connect any device to Beam, such as mouse and keyboard, game controllers, WiFi and Bluetooth speakers, smart watches etc. Instantly — Beam is powered via the light socket and always connected to the internet, it can instantly project anything you want. Besides using the Beam-app, you can also push the button on beam to start projecting or turn on the LED Light. LED Pico projector — To give you a good feeling of the brightness of the projection in different situations we took some photos with our mobile phone. LED light — We added LED light to Beam, so you don’t have to worry about your current light layout. Design Nowadays technology is pushing itself into every corner of our lives, mostly trying to make things better. But that doesn't mean our house should look like a Borg cube. Instead we took great care to create a designed object that can earn its own space in every room, without being noticed on a first glance. Our team designed a product with a modern minimalistic look. It feels like a modern lamp, but when you look closer you notice there is more to this lamp than you thought. Next to screwing Beam in your existing light sockets, you can match Beam with any light socket cable you want. Combine Beam with a subtle anthracite cable or go all the way with the included yellow one. It's all up to your imagination and personal taste. Rewards Stretch goals The more Beams we sell, the more awesome the version we ship to you will be! So help us: share, tweet, write a blog post etc, all help is appreciated! Project Development For over a year we have been working on Beam, which evolved from a wild idea to the product you see right now. The idea of Beam is born during a brainstorm session in March of 2014 with the thought ‘what if we could make a projector that you could screw in your light socket’. The next month we evolved this basic idea to a full product concept, by brainstorming, discussions and having meetings with various experts. Soon after, we formed the Beam-team and started working on the first prototype. When the technical details were defined we had all the information to start designing the look and feel of Beam. The design of the Beam that you see today was completed in November. In the meantime we started the development of the iOS and Android apps and the software on Beam itself. Timeline Meet the Beam-team! Beam is what happens when you put talented and passionate engineers and designers in one room. Our team has many years of experience designing connected devices, award winning user interfaces and innovative concepts. Thomas de Wolf MSc. and Guust Hilte MSc. are the teams inventors and can create any device they come up with. They've even created an aquarium on wheels that is steered by fish, go figure. Combined they have more than 20 years of product development and engineering experience. Marten de Jongh, Jeroen van Geel and Sophia Altekamp are the creative side of the team. Over the years they have worked on product and UX design for clients ranging from international airport Schiphol to Rijksmuseum Amsterdam. Don Molenaar is responsible for keeping the team flowing and to make sure we don’t have too much fun with Beam, but he actually makes sure it’s finished. With his years of experience working for Ubisoft, he is also the one with the sales and marketing knowledge to bring Beam into the retail shelves. Why we need you We need you! And no, we're not just saying it. We really need your help. Without your support we can’t start the production of Beam and tie up the last loose ends in development. We have been working hard to create the best product possible and we want to release it to the world ASAP! We have finalized the prototype and now we need your help to get the production volumes up to get the prices down. It’s that simple! Shout out to the developers! We created Beam with the vision to be a completely new product category, enabling users and developers to do things they were not able to do before. Because Beam is running Android you can use the existing IDE and tools to develop. Combine that with the fact that Beam is always connected and you have a great platform for development. No need to learn any new skills, but still the possibility to create truly new and innovative apps for a brand new platform. Although we believe in the uniqueness of Beam, we need your support to bring Beam to an even higher level. Therefore we’ll make sure you have access to its various functions and controls when building apps for Beam itself. We will also make the connection to smartphones into an easy to use protocol so you can build your own control apps for iOS, Android or any other operating system and we’ll even let you specify your own IF’s and THEN’s to make it react to specific devices, commands, notifications or events. We’ll make all of these tools and manuals for developers available on our website in a later stadium. But don’t wait for that moment! Let us know your awesome ideas on <email> and we’ll let you know if we can find a way to enable you to make it! It’s been awhile since we’ve posted something (it has happened before, we know) but now is a time for us to look back together, but also to look forward to the future of Beam. Your opinion in this is crucial to us. We would really like to know your experiences, but also your opinions about the future of Beam! We have a TypeForm survey online that takes less than 5 minutes and you'd really help us out by filling it in (and you get to see new fancy things)! To the survey! What has happened? The assembly of Beam took place between October and December 2015 in China. After a pilot build of 100 Beams, things were set for the full speed assembly in order to get everyone's Beam delivered as soon as possible. Shipping At the end of 2015 and start of this year we shipped out almost all of the Kickstarter Beams. They were separated in two batches and not all of them traveled as smoothly as we hoped. Some Beams were returned to us weeks or even months later due to customs issues, postal service mix ups, incomplete addresses and a healthy dose of bad luck. Still we managed to start shipping in December and deliver around 95% of all Beams in January 2016, so that’s not a bad score. That makes our campaign 3 months late in delivering your Beams (the average appears to be 7 months!). Although we’re sorry about that, we still think we made the right decision to choose for reliability, build quality and safety over a timely delivery. Software We’ve also spent a lot of time to get the software on Beam better. Especially the wonderful world of Wi-Fi and network management have proven to be challenging to get right for every different environment Beams are used in. We’re still frequently updating the Beam Remote apps for iOS and Android to make it easier for you to connect to Beam. There's also an update on the way for Beam itself, so use the "check updates" app on Beam to get it soon! Beam: A Kickstarted company After almost all Kickstarter rewards and pre-orders for Beam had been fullfilled we shifted the company towards a retail launch for Beam. Because of the help of our backers we were able to present a convincing case to investors. Now backed by investment money and armed with experience from the Kickstarter adventure we turned Beam Labs from a crowdfunded collective into an organized company. We set up distribution channels, design guidelines, made lots of movies and pictues, updated the software and set out to build more Beams. What’s going on now? At the end of next week Beam will be available in around 30 shops worldwide, ranging from design shops, home interior and high-end electronics stores. If you know some shops and stores that would be great for Beam, let us know! We're now working with 6 people full time on Beam amd we're looking to expand ( join us! ). What have we got planned? An update for the Beam firmware New apps/functionalities Accessories for Beam ...Perhaps later a new Beam version? Take the survey so you can influence what we focus on the coming time and also so we can learn from your experiences with Beam. By the way, we actually make use of our social media pages now. So follow us on Facebook , Twitter or Instagram to get first hand news about software updates, accessories and other Beam related news! Unresolved matters We’re still missing 11 addresses for backers. If we don’t have an address we can’t deliver your Beam(s)! Check your Kickstarter profile and inbox for messages or send us an email to <email> . Feedback! Please let us know how we've been doing and what you'd like to see different for Beam, but also for future acessories! Take the survey! Sorry to keep you guys waiting for so long! We really should start planning these updates a little better. Let’s start with the topic you are all waiting for! Start of assembly As we mentioned the last time, all components have been sourced and ordered. We are currently waiting for the last few components to arrive at our manufacturer before we can start assembly. Our supplier for the electronics gave us an estimated delivery date of the 18th of November. As soon as the electronics arrive we will personally travel to China to speed up the assembly process! The planning is that all Kickstarter Beams will be shipped throughout December. We are doing everything in our power to get you the best quality Beam ASAP! Tooling sample! We just received our first mass production tooling samples of the outer casing. Just take a look! It turned out even better then we hoped it would! We can’t wait to start shipping your Beam to you, so you can see and feel it for yourself. Beam apps We've also finished some more Beam apps for you to see. As displayed on Kickstarter before, we have a weather app and a clock app that you can use. Together with the actions in Beam you can set rules like "If it's between 7am and 8am, show me the weather forecast for that day". Addresses We are still missing the shipping information of 30 backers. If you haven’t done so already please send it to <email>. In our next update we will share pictures and videos of the assembly process! -The Beam team As is often the case with Kickstarter projects we've had little time to keep you guys up to date. In this post we hope to answer a lot of questions you've asked us in one go. We've been really busy with the last few miles of Beam, but we're proud to be able to show you the result soon! Beam production The good news: Most of the components of Beam have been ordered and we are awaiting delivery of some components so we can start assembly. Unfortunately we've had some bad luck with suppliers stock running short and we had to take some more time to make sure Beam is absolutely safe to use (CE and FCC approval). Everything is back on track now, but that means that we do have some delay. Current estimate is that we can assemble and start shipping Beams in November (yes, this year). We apologize for the delay, but please understand that we want to deliver a great quality product. Sometimes that means we have to take the time to turn things from just OK to exactly right. We've included a picture to show you that it's worth waiting for your Beam to arrive: Beam software development The software on Beam itself is now nearly finished. We are including some tutorials and set up screens to guide you through the installation. We will keep working on making more apps for Beam that you can download later to make your Beam do even more! We're also preparing to put the control apps for iOS and Android in the App Store and Google Play Store. You can see a preview of the app on iOS and the web interface in the pictures below. The Beam Labs website has also been redesigned and expanded. It now contains more pictures and background info of Beam, so be sure to take a look at www.beamlabsinc.com ! Next step is getting our FAQ, support and developer pages online as well. Beam logistics As you have probably concluded from your mailbox we have started gathering your addresses and preferences for light sockets and plugs. We will start delivering Beams in the order of pledges. So founders club first, then early birds and then on a first come first serve basis. We're still missing around 7% of replies to the survey, so please fill in the questions so we can fully prepare shipping and know what version of Beam to ship to you! We know you’ve been waiting for some news about Beam, but we’ll make it worth your while because we have some special news in this update! Production prototype Yes, the moment is here. We now have a production ready version of Beam! You might think this looks like it’s created in a 3D drawing program, but rest assured this is an actual picture of the production ready prototype! As you can see we’ve had to make a few small adjustments to Beam for mass production. Due to our choice in production techniques and to optimize cooling we’ve altered the ventilation holes in Beam. We’ve also changed the projection front of Beam a little to make space for the lights and the projector inside. So now we have a awesome looking product that can actually be mass produced. And then there was light! On the inside everything is the same as we showed you before on the Kickstarter page, except for the fact that we have custom electronics for the LED lights in Beam now. We've made sure that you can use Beam as a normal lamp as we promised. BUT we have a few surprises for you, our backers. We've added the feature to control the LED lights with the app on your smartphone. So now even the laziest of backers can turn on the light without leaving the couch. Even better yet we have made the LED lights dimmable. Imagine an "If Then" that starts playing Barry White and dimming the lights when you and a special someone come home. Beam will hook you up! Future planning At this moment the development of Beam is going according to plan: we're entering the production phase soon. That means that molds will be created and perfected, the electronics will be produced and when we're satisfied with the results, the assembly will start. We have more exciting news to share soon, so we'll keep you posted! Since we launched Beam on Kickstarter we’ve had lots of enthusiastic developers asking us if and how they could develop apps for Beam. Of course the answer to if is YES! Via this message we hope to make you enthusiastic enough to start working on a Beam app. Creating an app for Beam is basically creating an app for Android 4.2.2. The main difference is that the context changes from a smart phone or tablet to a projected image on a flat surface. This creates endless new possibilities, especially if you also combine it with smart phones or tablets as input devices (oh the endless games you can create with this!) So, we challenge you to create an awesome Android app for Beam. You can come up with anything you want, ranging from multiplayer games to smart widgets. Design beautiful clocks and timers, cooking apps, weather apps or whatever your mind can come up with. Just imagine a smart projector that can project on any flat surface in your house. What can we do for you? We are there to support you in the process. If you have questions, want to share ideas or anything else: get in touch with us. From within your app you can control the brightness, lights on/off or projector on/off, but you will need our support if you want to do this. We are currently working on a protocol to allow control over Beam via external apps, which we will share as soon as it’s finished And of course we will promote the best apps to every Beam owner! Contact us via: <email> Hi Backers, It's now a couple of weeks since Beam was officially funded with your help, so time for an update. Hoodies We've sent everyone that has backed us with the hoodie or the Beam+hoodie pledge a message to request your size and gender. We're now finalizing these awesome hoodies to make sure you'll get this part of the rewards fulfilled asap! If you haven't received this question yet be sure to contact us. We'll let you know personally when we start shipping. Engineering We've spent a lot of time getting all the details right for the production of Beam. Currently we're making sure every little part of Beam fits perfectly together for assembly and of course to make sure everything you do with Beam looks and feels great. We're almost ready to start making the molds and casts so we can start production. We'll definitely post pictures as soon as we have our hands on the first samples! Software Beams interface is also coming together quite nicely. We've already shared some pictures of the clocks and news feed, but we'll be able to show a lot more soon. We're also busy to make sure that all the developers out there are going to be able to make great additions to Beam. So far we're still on track to get Beam shipped to you as planned. As soon as we can make some pictures to share with you again you can find them on our Facebook page, so check that out as well. The Beam team Hi Backers, After four weeks 1973 backers funded our dream to turn beam into a (your!) reality. So give yourself a big round of applause because that's what we are doing this very moment for you! What's next? At the moment we are working hard to prepare Beam for production. We are finalising the electronics inside of Beam and creating production ready prototypes. We will share more info and details on this process with you guys soon! We will also be sending out surveys this week to start the delivery of the awesome Beam hoodies. We have done extensive research on them and we can only conclude that they work as promised, they will make you irresistible! But in the meantime, let's stay in touch! Follow us on our Twitter and Facebook page: Twitter: <url>’t thank you guys enough for backing us. Without your support Beam would have been a dream of only a few people, but thanks to you it became a reality! The feedback you provided will help us to make Beam even better. We will keep you updated on all developments after the campaign ends and we love to hear your thoughts along the way. So expect a new update soon! Could you help us out in these last 24 hours? You would do us a huge favor if you clicked on both links below and share Beam on your Facebook and Twitter: Facebook: <url>’t have to project a full image on your wall, but just the weather information. So it can give you the weather for the entire day in the morning, project the current weather or automatically start projecting when (for example) it will start raining soon. With the energy efficient 20,000 hour projector lamp you can constantly project a clock on your wall. Or you can wake up in the morning with the time projected on your ceiling. Funny enough our toilet has the perfect setup for Beam, because it has a platform on the ideal height. Here you see a test of our news/feed widget. It projects an RSS feed and slowly goes through the headlines. Or you can make it go faster via your smart phone. (Toilet times have doubled at our office) And of course you can project holiday pictures on your wall. You can select the ones you want to view and how fast they will change (once a day so it appears to be a piece of art or every few seconds?). Hey all, For our first release of Beam we wanted to focus on the creation of an Android and iOS app for interaction. But over the past weeks many people contacted us with the request if we could also make it possible for them to interact with Beam via other devices. Your requests ranged from desktops, laptops and Windows phones. Well: we’ve got good news for all of you. We made it possible! Besides the iOS and Android apps our team created a web interface. With this interface you can control Beam from almost any device that has a browser and network connection. And if you are interested in making a third party app for Beam: get in touch with us. We’d love to talk to you and see how we can support you with this. All the best from the Beam team! After just 7 days we already are over 200% funding. We did hope that something like this would happen but seeing it come to a reality thanks to you guys is just amazing! Thank you all for your support backers! The first stretch goal is coming in sight! When we reach 800k we will increase the storage for all our backers to 16GB! So please share Beam with your friends, family, co­workers...anyone you think would be interested. The more we can welcome to the Beam-team the better! Thanks again! The Beam-Team A big thank you to all our backers! With your help we have already reached our goal in less then 3 days! You guys are awesome!! At this moment we already have 801 backers and are at $287.000. Thanks to your support it has been an amazing start of the Kickstarter journey. The Beam-team Great news for all the Backers that live in countries that use the Bayonet light fixture. We will send you a free E27 to Bayonet adapter to make sure that you can use Beam in your existing Bayonet light fixture! WOW! Thanks to you guys we are already at 80k in the first 30 hours! We are completely overwhelmed by your response to Beam. We will continue to work hard to get the best quality beam to you ASAP! Welcome to the Beam-team backers! @MYHC We're sorry to hear that! Please try out the suggestions mentioned on our Wi-Fi troubleshooting page: <url>€40 of your import fees, but customs are very very slow to take this on. On the other hand, if you import products from the USA (which our Kickstarter page clearly shows), you have to pay importing fees and taxes. We're sorry to hear that you are not happy with your Beam, but hopefully you can make someone else happy by selling it. @Matthias and @Gayle, we're sorry to hear that! We'll definitely try to help you, but can you write down the problem in an e-mail to <email>? Then the right people will be able to answer your questions. @leDamien If you take a look at the Beam + Fixture bundle in the shop, you can see the different angles the Fixture can be in. See <url>’m sorry that you experience connectivity issues while using Beam. We’ve just sent you an e-mail with some helpful information! Please reply to the e-mail for future communication. @Vijay Singh Wow, that’s a very cool use of Beam. Would love to see some of your drawing results on our Twitter or Facebook page! @Rob Stevens Thank you! Unfortunately, some applications on Android are known for having a sound delay when using Bluetooth audio devices. It might be helpful to clear the cache and restart any application you’re using. @Alberto Arango We’re proud to hear that you find Beam V1 a worthwhile prototype! Just so you know, we are currently working on a firmware update to make the mouse more sensitive. Due to the fact that this is a firmware update, it might take a while for the update to be released (approximately 2 months). @Jianing Wu Happy to hear Beam works well and that you’re finally enjoying it in style! The sleep timer apps currently available on the Google Play Store seem to focus more on muting audio from applications. A sleep timer to turn Beam in standby-mode is currently not available. It is a very interesting feature to implement, so we have already put it on our ‘nice to have feature’-list! @Dan Cox We're sorry to hear that. We've contacted you personally. If you face any issue while using Beam, please respond to us and we will help you out! @Thorsten Schneider: We’ve designed Beam in a specific way that if you use Beam hanging inside a lamp facing down, the projection will appear right beneath Beam. If you use a standard projector and face it upside down, the screen will not appear directly underneath the projector, but it will project on the table and the floor. This was not a desirable result for how we wanted Beam to be. We feel that Beam has a lot more potential and gives a more enjoyable experience if the projection is displayed directly under Beam. @Benjamin Frank: Hi Benjamin, you can scroll down on YouTube by using the Beam Remote-app. Go to the touchpad and press anywhere on the Beam screen by holding down the white square/circle symbol. Next, swipe upwards on the touchpad with another finger and you will be able to scroll down. If you’re on the webinterface, you can use your mouse to scroll downwards. @Stefan: Hi Stefan. Sorry for the delay in our answer, your mail appears to be a little lost in our inbox. You can mirror the screen for your purpose by going to ‘Settings’ (located in the bottom part of your screen on the Beam Remote app / webinterface). Next, go to display. In Display Mode, select ‘Mirror’. I hope your Beam provides to be of use to you now! @Ellen Huang Minyi @Me: Hi Guys. About the internet stability issues: please contact us on <email>. Can you provide us with some more information? Like: Do you receive an error? Do you lose connection with your Beam on the Beam Remote app/webinterface at the same time? We can help you fix your problems! @emily: Hi Emily, you can download Netflix in the Play Store on Beam. @T. Lin: Hi, sorry to hear about the Bluetooth-problem. Have you made sure to put the devices into ‘pairing’ mode? If the problem still exists, you can send us an e-mail to <email> with more information about the problem and we will help you fix this! @Geoffrey McCaleb: Hi Geoffrey, Beam’s Wi-Fi password is: controlbeam @Larry McClenon: Hi Larry, this seems to be a bandwidth-problem. If your movies have a large resolution it might be too much for Beam to handle over the network. @Patrick: Hi Patrick. About the webinterface: can you provide us with some more information and send us an e-mail at <email>? We hope we can help you fix this! Concerning the ssh access: It is possible to get ssh acces on Beam. In the Beam Playstore, install the app called ‘SSH Server’ and login! Hi all! Hope you are having a terrific time with your Beam. If you have questions or having trouble with something, don't hesitate sending us an e-mail to <email>. I will try to answer the recent questions you've posted here on our Kickstarter-page. Hi All! Just wanted to let you know that we are working very hard to fix the issues that you encounter! So keep on posting and sending us messages on <email> . We just also made a huge update on our FAQ - <url>"Beam app". With this App you can control Beam and send content to it through airplay. @Kristoffer Thank you for your question. Beam works pretty much the same as any other Android device. So you can stream anything from Beam to your speakers that you currently can stream from your Android device to your speakers. Because of the endless amount of apps that are available and the large amount of different speakers we cannot tell you what will and what will not work in your situation. For example, if you have a Sonos speaker, you can stream music from Beam with the Sonos app. @vivian, Could you send us a email to <email> with some more details? @Pablo, Yes you can install kodi on Beam! @Si Mickle, Sorry to hear that! Could you send us a private message with the following information: Shipping addres Size Men or Women hoodie We will take care of the rest! All the best, Beam-team @Stefan, Brilliant idea! We are going to implement this in Beam. Thanks for the suggestion. @Gary, Beam is dual voltage and we will ship a cable to you with the plug that is used in your country. @Victoria, thanks for backing! 2 weeks after the Kickstarter campaign ends we will send all the backers who live in a Bayonet using country a survey to ask them about the Bayonet adapter! We will not forget :)! @Frank, Thanks for backing us! We will include a powercable with every Beam. So you can plug it in a regular outlet and place it on any flat surface. Beam will not have a battery pack. @Stefan Beam has the ability to mirror its projection so you can use it for rear projection as well. @Thorsten You can easily send a Linux or Windows desktop to Beam if you install a VNC viewer or TeamViewer application on it. @MegaBueno Thanks for sharing your thoughts about this! We have taken a lot of time in the past to plan the production of Beam and we will try our best to prevent delays while ensuring a great quality device. @Andy Thanks for sharing the idea, which of course we like! But at this point we are not planning to add a camera. @wilfred You can install the Sonos Android app on Beam to play your music like you normally would do from your phone. If you'd like to have all of Beams audio over your Sonos speakers you're going to have to add a Bluetooth receiver, as mentioned in this article: <url>’t have put it on KS in the first place! We’ve been using and testing Beam at home ourselves and enjoy using it. We will never market a product we don’t believe in ourselves! Check out the images we’ve made yesterday in our update we just posted. As to the higher specs. At this point we’ve discovered that we can’t promise them. The current specs are what we will guarantee. We will keep exploring, but trust us: the current setup will deliver a great experience. Beam will be an integrated part of your home and live. And for those who don’t believe in Beam as we presented it: we are sorry to lose your support. But trust us on this: we love Beam and we will make it awesome! Hi Matthew, Beam can project up to 120-inch widescreen. Take a look here to see the quality of Beam in action: <url>"let's talk hardware". @demski Thanks for sharing! @John Anderson Yes, Beam will be open for developers. Anyone can make an Android app specifically for Beam and you can also make apps that control or trigger Beam for any other software platform. If you want to know more contact <email> @CL Siu The specifications we have on the Kickstarter page are what we believe to be great for what Beam will do for you. We have selected the components inside Beam to deliver the optimal performance for size, heat production, noise, resolution and light. Sometimes our ongoing negotiations with suppliers and our manufacturing partners might give us the possibility to improve certain specs along the way. For every possible improvement we have to make sure it doesn't have a negative influence on the delicate balance between all the aspects of Beam. Therefore we need to thoroughly test them first and this takes time. Additionally it must fit the current project budget because they require extra engineering steps and higher production costs. The Beam we set out to produce for everyone is engineered to be a great product, if we can improve it along the way we certainly will. @Akil Simon You can connect Bluetooth speakers to Beam while you start Netflix from your phone. You can even connect Bluetooth speakers, a Bluetooth mouse and a Bluetooth keyboard at the same time to Beam while you use the app to control it! @MegaBueno Thanks for your support! @Peter van der Sluijs at the moment Beam does not have an HDMI input. But we will definetly consider it as an option if we have the ability to add it. @Bmichael we are working hard to make Beam as awesome as possible. We appreciate all of your feedback and the requests that we get from our backers! Hi Junhwa, As soon as we know more we'll let you know in an update. The Beam team Hi Milton, Yes you can connect your Bluetooth headphones to beam! Hi CL Siu, With the beam app (both iOS and Android app have the same functionalities) you can do a whole range of things, for example: - Start Apps - Set IF this THEN that rules - Control Beam - Stream content - Adjust volume - Adjust brightness And if you are using youtube on a iPhone you can select AirPlay and choose Beam as the destination. Beam will instantly start projecting it. HI Junhwa, Beam has a custom version based on Android 4.2.2 Hey all, First of all we want to thank all of you for your feedback. Please believe me when I say that behind the screens we are doing our utmost best to deliver a top notch product in October. This is our very first Kickstarter and we are really happy with all the support, great suggestions and critical feedback. At the same time: we are a small team working hard and trying to answer all messages that we get. Our mailbox is flooding, but we are trying to keep up while developing the product. Sorry if we give the feeling that we aren’t committed to answering your comments. We’ll try to give this extra attention. From the start we’ve been very open regarding the specs of Beam that we can 100% promise. In our presentation we’ve shown a realistic image of the 100 ANSI lumen projector quality that it can achieve at this point. In our tests it has always worked well and satisfactory, otherwise we would not promote it on Kickstarter. A lot of people compare Beam to just any projector when it comes to specs and pricing, but please remember that it is much more (which is probably the reason you backed us in the first place). It is a smart projector with integrated Beam apps, it can download and play any Android app and has If/Then capabilities (and can be used on any location because of it’s light fitting). We want to deliver a total Beam experience, not just a hardware feature package. The combination of tech we use can’t price wise be compared to just any projector. In creating a hardware/software product like Beam we have to buy specific hardware combinations from different suppliers that we need to combine into one end product that works perfectly. For Beam it isn’t as simple as finding the best possible projector and replacing it, I wish that were true. Trust me when I say that we are looking very hard and seriously into the hardware possibilities. We are calling suppliers and are trying to improve specs while keeping the price the same. We are ordering test units to see the real quality (many hardware producers are more positive than they should be about the specs of their products) and are pushing to bring you a top notch end product. Thanks for your trust in Beam and we promise you an awesome experience. Keep you posted! the Beam team Hi Michael, Demski and Colin, We take all feedback seriously and you can be assured that we are trying our outmost best to increase every specification within Beam before production and especially the projection quality. But for now the specifications are what we communicated from the start. If you follow this link: <url>"If This Then That" competition! On the Beam story page we added some photos we took this weekend to show the projection quality in different light situations. Hi Christian and Kurt, We added a FAQ with answers for your questions. CL Siu, You are more than welcome! Hi Richard, Great news: E27 to Bayonet adapter — We will include a free adapter for our UK and Australian Beam backers, so they can use it in their existing Bayonet light sockets. Hi Shishir/Andy/Matthias, The image quality of Beam isn't effected by the LED's installed. You can only use one feature at a time. You can switch between projecting and using the LED light function by pressing the button on Beam. We are filming new footage as we speak and will upload it tomorrow to remove any doubt. Hi Legnano, You have to adjust the image size by moving beam, there is a focus wheel on Beam wich is easy to operate. Hi Richard, At this moment we don't have plans to add a Bayonet version. This is something we might do in the future. It does work on 240V 50HZ Hi Legnano, At this moment I cannot give you an answer that will satisfy you. But when we come closer to production and find a way to upgrade we will do this for all backes. Hi Junhwa, We are looking into this matter. If we are able to implement IFTTT we will let you know through our updates and will place a comment here. Hi Abdul, We will not equip beam with a battery. Hi Frans/JB. Beam Labs is an American Incorperation. It is true that some of the team members are Dutch. But the production and shipment will all be fullfilled from Los Angeles. Hi Jchen, Beam has a flatness on one side so it is really steady when you place it on your table. So you don't need a stand, we already implemented this in the design. Hi JB, We are going to ship with USPS we used their qoutes for the international shipment. If you have an idea to lower the costs we would love to hear! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. My Beam is no officially bricked. Not booting up anymore and the app is not available in the IOS App store anymore. I'm guessing they're still going but with different products: <url>‘s website being down, does it mean that development and support for the Beam have been shut down? @Matthias Roth I agree. Mine never worked and never got any satisfaction from the campaign about getting it to work. The Beam never worked properly. So it landed on the pile of failed electronic devices. Actually it’s a start up business so I was aware of loosing money. But it would be better to admit the failure instead of giving hope to people with well-intentioned advice how to solve something which is impossible. So my advice is forget the money and the beam. Sorry guys there is no better thing to do. This user's account has been deleted. Similar to Philip, I've been experiencing similar issues. At the moment, the BEAM cannot connect to a network or the internet is not working when connected. As for the latest update, I tried updating it but it did not seem to work. Hi Beam, the projector was working fine till lately the wifi and Bluetooth connections are getting bad and I can't finish an episode of the series I'm watching.. Please let us know how else the wifi/bluetooth connections can be improved.. So, is this thing dead? I mean, when was the last update? Or the last bit of news? The Actions still don't work very well, for example. I have the android ver 4.2.2 in my beam. The Status just says Undiscover new version. Is that the latest version? My beam's perfirmance is really bad. My wifi status is good. I even tried unpairing other devices to check beam's perf. Its bad Hi together Streaming videos with airplay is even with a mackbook not possible. To much jerking. Sorry guys there is definitely a lack of perfomance. Even for a presentation its almost to slow. If I change to the next side it needs about one second until it changes on the projection. Not problem with my Beam; top 5 gadget in my home! Hi Al Taylor, i hear you very well. I face the same problems, although the latest update provides a bit more stable connection. I bought a $399 led bulb, paid $44 for shipping and as 'surprise' €96 import fees. My friends are making a fool of me because for less then half they have a great beamer with perfect sound and view. I was proud this was a Dutch team who created this and fully believe in them. Now i felt screwed and nobody seems to be intrested in my complains. Only excusses while the product sucks! Anyone in for a Beam??? We will work out the price. Hi, I could never get my orientation right in my old house, this new house I have enjoyed beam for the past two nights SO MUCH that I unquestionably bought the fixture without hesitation. Unfortunately though tonight I can't get the beam to work. No sound and won't connect to iPhone? What type of support do you offer? Thanks, Gayle Hi Airplay works fine when I stream my tv app. Unfortunately I have no sound neither on the iphone nor on the beam. If a use the same app on the beam, I have sound an a picture but the stream is bucking. The quality of the airplay picture is excellent but from the beam app mediocre. In the end of the day this was my need in becoming a backer. What can I do? Thanks for quick answer. Mathiew @beam ok thanks, I was wondering if there were other orientations that the one point rotation (the black disk) that points towards ceiling or floor (like sideways or backward forward), and from the pictures and your answer I take it there's none. Thanks Hi, thanks for putting out the beam fixture, I'm thinking about buying it. In term of possible movement, it's a bit unclear for me. Could you show what can turn and how much ? Thanks im enquiring/complaining via their website - getting nowhere fast with kickstarter - i dont even have a light bulb, i get the loading pattern and progress no further.. although there is a pink pixel grid outside of the 'screen display' area.. so thats nice i guess Maybe I just do not know how to get it to work, but I would like to have a connection with the beam (via bluetooth) and my iphone 6 without having to connect it via WiFi. In would make it easier to use it as a beamer (share photo's/video's etc) in places you do not have WiFi available. I am sad to say this, but I am not happy with a $400 light bulb. The Beam HAD great potential, but lack of storage space, native app accessibility, and a constant need to reconnect every time I start it has left it plugged into a socket in the corner banished from my electronics happy land. If anyone is interested in an additional light bulb, please et me know. Looking forward to the firmware update - hope it 1) addresses WiFi connectivity problems (yes I've updated the Beam Wifi); 2) recognizes and allows connection to 5G networks; 3) addresses Airplay comnectivity problems (that is to say, that Airplay can be used again). Hi Creator, What is the status of the new and improved beam firmware? Thnx. I still can't use the weather app Hi, I received my beam in january. It worked, not perfectly yet, but still: a very nice item! After a few month I wanted to use it again, but it does not work anymore. The wifi seems to have disappeared. In the settings on my smartphone/ipad Beam_6a6688 does not exist anymore, so I cannot connect. I tried to reset the beam, following the instructions (shut beam down, disconnected, reconnected, pressed the bottom after 2 seconds), but nothing happens. I cannot not reset. I just get the normal welcome screen but cannot operate it. What might be te problem? More important: what is the solution!? Could the wifi hardware in my beam be dead? Please respond. Thx Wim Bouwens (netherlands) Have all of these shipped? I have not received mine yet. Hi everyone, I still have not been able to resolve my issue :( When I connect to the network at work the standard procedure is that I accept some terms of use before I gain access to the whole network aka Internet. Before that every attempt to access Google or YouTube or any other webpage will automatically result in the redirection to a site for terms of agreement. I can only accept that agreement by letting myself (aka the beam) getting redirected to this certain webpage and then checking the box for agreeing to the terms and conditions. Therefore I get the message that I am connected to the network but do not have access to the Internet. If I am unclear pls let me know, else-way does anyone have/ work on a solution for this issue? Best regards Andy. @Spongefile Same problem for me as I turn of the projector it automatically turns on the lamp. I solved this with an external cable with a switch integrated on the cable. The main reason I wanted this projector was to in an easy fashion percent stuff at work. As for using the projector at work I have encountered a problem with connecting it to the network. I recon the problem lies in its limits to gain access to the Internet after connecting to the network because then one needs to accept the terms of use on a special page before one gains full access. Is there a way around this alternatively am I not doing it right? Ps at home it works flawlessly! Hey, is a software update on the way at some point? HBO is very stuttery video, and when I try to turn it off it switches to lamp mode but won't let me turn off lamp mode after that, have to unplug it. Is there a way to check to see if our Beam has shipped yet/where it is in the order queue? " install the Netflix app on Beam by using the Google Play Store"...I tried to do this but opening the Google Play store didn't really do anything. It went immediately to an error page. Is this an issue with my interface? (iphone or ipad) Hi Beam Team, I have finally received my beam, thanks! Unfortunately it has a slightly wrong adjusted lens which causes the left edge to be out of focus, when the rest is sharp. Can you also publish some tips on what usecases the projector is good at and which apps or actions you recommend for them? I was hoping for some more automation usecases, beyond just streaming Netflix. But I can not find any tutorials or advice. I meant lamp....it is still early..... It is not a mamp, but seems so be a competitor: <url>#/ I find I don't use my beam since it doesn't connect to a PC that is on a VPN - and my main PC is almost always connected to a VPN. Have you come across this before? Are there any solutions and, if not, will you look into it? Are there any plans to open up official beam forums? How come I can't AirPlay stream from the netflix app? (Was looking forward to watching Netflix on my beam :( Just to update on my last comment. As I cannot connect to or reset the beam I now have an expensive light bulb! When it was working the software was so flakey it would fall over every 5 minutes. I haven't actually managed to view any photos, videos or connect long enough to download any apps. Really poor. Releasing this before it was clearly ready is more frustrating than waiting. I have backed a number of kickstarter projects over the years. My statistics are 20% good, 50% meh, 25% fail, and 5% thieves ( Zano, Controllino .... ) . The Beam project is just brilliant. It works out of the box (and what a pretty box it is !). My application was to use it to make a hitech camera Lucinda. You project an image onto the table and use that to trace a drawing. Works beautiful. And best of all you just switch on the light and you can see the drawing without the projection. Beautiful. Every art school should get one ! Awesome product!!! Really impressed with how well this works. One request/question: When playing audio through bluetooth speaker, the sound is delayed by about 1 second. Is there any workaround or fix to this? Got my beam a couple days ago..works quite well.. will try the task killer app to speed up the sluggish mouse/command details... if i were to make 10 my wifi point, and 0 my tablets wifi loss point the beam works well up to 5 or 6.. any further and it works/unworks/sortaworks/doesntwork depending on celestial alignment... Youtube streaming works very well at 8 or above.. just getting the hang of it but so far it rocks... great job.. Also some of the items are prone to have some details to them I backed a dud this year (3d print recycler... lost $1200 on that one) and with all due respect to those experimenting inconveniences this is not a dud..it is a worthwile prototype.. and as a Mark1 it is quite well made. Im sure beams V2 will be a definite marketing success Also the packaging and feel of the part is awesome... Finally received the repaired Beam. It works just as I thought with the Jielde lamp and so we are enjoying 'project to ceiling above the bed' style lazy movie hours. The problem is, we need a good off-timer app. I tried several but always find the Beam is still running the next morning. Any suggestion? Pile of crap!! Expensive light and not very good at that either. I'm really not impressed with this after such a promising campaign. I seem to have backed every dud on KS for the last year. No more. Update: 01/03: Received Beam and found it is defected (won't start up), contacted support with e-mail 01/04: Got reply from support, saying they are contacting tech team 01/08: Finally got reply from tech team, asking if the outer package and Beam was visibly broken when I received it. Replied no to both. 01/11: Got an address to send Beam back. 01/12: Sent Beam by EMS 01/15: Beam being delivered (apparently, from the tracking). Got mail asking my bank account for shipping fee refund. Replied. 01/19: No contact nor bank transfer until now, sent an inquiry. 01/20: Got reply saying the delivery attempt on 1/15 was not successful and they are going to post office to get the Beam and check it. 02/09: Sent a mail to check the repair status. 02/10: Received a reply with a tracking number. According to tracking record it seems the pack was sent after my inquiry mail. Coincidence? or... Is your Beam sluggish and your SURE its not the wi-fi? (it should be really close to your wi-fi spot to work at all) Worth to try downloading "Advanced Task Killer"from the Google Store. Although it states everywhere cleaning up background processes should not help on Android my experience is different. It turns the sluggish mouse into a smooth mouse when I kill all tasks and only have running what I want to use. The following is possible without Airplay : I can stream TV from the Horizon Go APP (Smooth but not HD, Beam seems to be to slow for that), watch TED shows, watch Fox Sports in Chrome (smooth in HD!). This device really has some potential but needs polishing. The lack of updates / news kind of scares me if this will ever happen though... Hi, when are you going to be be shipping? regular updates would very much appreciated thanks I first contacted you a week ago - would you please reply. Received my Beam some days ago. I tried to use Airplay with Netflix and Amazon Video but both did not work, the Beam says "Can't play video". Any hints anyone? Received Beam in Czech Republic - paid large customs fees, but a very nice product and packaging - really professional. Any troubleshooting forum available. I lost sound now for example and have no idea how to get it back ;) Cyril Basile Richard Rabbath, that sounds... interesting. I have a similar problem. DHL wrote me an information letter that they coulnd't declare customs because the invoice on the outside was missing. I haven't gotten an answer from Beam yet. My deadline to pick it up at the customs is upcoming Monday, 8th of Feb. The German custom sent the Beam back because The Beam Team didn't display the invoice outside the package as required. Now the Beam Team wants me the pay another $25 to ship it again! Or refund me $299 instead of the $399 I paid for. I said no... Is the Beam Team a scam? I am still waiting for an answer. FYI, I have now relisted my still sealed beam with a lower price here: <url>"rooted", so some apps are not available. It would be nice if it is provided with a non-rooted OS, or I can choose to install non-rooted one. Here is one example app: <url>"You cannot use this feature because the OS is rooted." Overall very nice product especially for the time given. Great job! Unfortunately it seems like mine was shipped with only 4gb of memory instead of 8. Did this happen to anyone else? Also would love to hear what cool things you are all doing with your Beams! I agree with all who are complaining streaming videos (and there are no high resolution videos). Beam lose connection any few seconds. At times Beam switches back from airplay (iPhone6plus) to the task menu of the beam and everything is frozen. For the moment an easy usability is not given but I belief it can be solved. Best wishes Matthias I linked my bose soundlink via bluetooth to beam .Sound is half a second behind on image. so not sync. Does anyone have a solution for this issue? Update - fixed some router security settings, and Netflix and Hulu work, which is great. AirPlay still only works for audio, photos and desktop sharing, but not video. I would still love to control through Bluetooth. Received Beam. Overall very impressed. Beautiful packaging, plugged in and it looks great. Physically, it's amazing. Software-wise, it feels a bit unfinished. Control through WiFi is wobbly - I think you should look into Bluetooth as a control channel, as it's easier to set up and more consistent than WiFi because it's a dedicated direct connection, while I had trouble with WiFi at work due to authentication complexity, and at home performance was uneven. Trackpad tracking was "stop and go". And the Weather app never loaded - lots of parsing errors. Streaming audio is fine. Streaming video never worked for me, either via AirPlay or running Android apps (Youtube, Hulu, Netflix). My home WiFi works decently well - my computer is on WiFi right next to the Beam. My WiFi signal strength is "fair" with 39 Mbps link speed. Streaming audio works (from iTunes via iTunes AirPlay) as does photo streaming (via iOS Photo app AurPlay). Screen sharing from my Mac via AirPlay worked as well. Even playing video on the Mac streamed via AurPlay worked. So not sure what to try next. Update: 01/03: Received Beam and found it is defected (won't start up), contacted support with e-mail 01/04: Got reply from support, saying they are contacting tech team 01/08: Finally got reply from tech team, asking if the outer package and Beam was visibly broken when I received it. Replied no to both. 01/11: Got an address to send Beam back. 01/12: Sent Beam by EMS 01/15: Beam being delivered (apparently, from the tracking). Got mail asking my bank account for shipping fee refund. Replied. 01/19: No contact nor bank transfer until now, sent an inquiry. 01/20: Got reply saying the delivery attempt on 1/15 was not successful and they are going to post office to get the Beam and check it. Hi @creator I received my beam here in Chile and I really pleased with it, so thank you for a great device. All the features are awesome, The only thing I will add to Beam is to be able to change the geometry of the projection. In my case the wall where I project Beam it's a little bit off respect the socket where Beam is (and I can't move the socket or the wall), so I get a trapezoid projection instead of a rectangular one. All in all is a terrific device so thanks again!! Congratulations Beam! You guys have made a solid product. Very happy with the hardware. Will you please help your backers by addressing the concerns with the software in an update. I love the beam just wish it would stop disconnecting from the network by itself every 10 kinutes Update: 01/03: Received Beam and found it is defected (won't start up), contacted support with e-mail 01/04: Got reply from support, saying they are contacting tech team 01/08: Finally got reply from tech team, asking if the outer package and Beam was visibly broken when I received it. Replied no to both. 01/11: Got an address to send Beam back. 01/12: Sent Beam by EMS 01/15: Beam being delivered (apparently, from the tracking). Got mail asking my bank account for shipping fee refund. Replied. 01/19: No contact nor bank transfer until now, sent an inquiry. I am very happy with the beam. I will say however it's not cool that folks are having some issues and not a peep from the creators. You would think they would want people's first experience with it to go smooth or at least have attentive customer service. @Venkat You need to download a program into your computer and an equivalent program on your Beam. I go with Splashtop, myself. Hi, I received my Beam yesterday and I have already started liking it very much. Thank you for creating such a nice product. I want to stream content from my Windows PC. Can I achieve streaming video with audio?Your campaign FAQ talks about "Team Viewer to mirror your Windows screen, DLNA server apps to send media to Beam". Can you please elaborate on this? Thx. Just received mine I love it, I'm sure the software will improve but it's already a terrific experience ! I am selling my beam for my pledge price, right now (ending tomorrow) here: <url>– Beam is used in a lamp with a metal shade (which could be blocking its Wi-Fi) – The distance to the Wi-Fi access point – The amount of walls between the Wi-Fi access point and Beam We advise you to try Beam with the standard yellow cable as close as possible to your Wi-Fi router and see if that fixes the problem. If not, there might be a problem with your internet connection. Please contact your internet service provider. WHY my faith is almost lost? My Beam is NEXT my router on my table (so closer to my router it isnt possible as well my Beam is not in any lamp etc.) and still the internet connection drops after a few minutes and apps like iTV-KPN are not working (only sound no imagine) while in the room next and 2 floors higher I can use my iPad, steaming TV etc without any issue! Also when I disconnect ALL my devices from the wireless network Beam is facing the same trouble. Besides that I'm still facing other issues like image adjustment is not fully horizontal possible. Also the fact you cant switch on the device fully is outdated: yes it 'only consumes 4 watt in standby mode but that is 4 watt to much because i care about our planet! Switching off Beam by disconnect from the power network means I need to set-up all again from scratch, so not user friendly. Last but not least like others shared as well the poor response was dependable during the last days off December. We are now mid-January and still a lot of questions are open. A weird way to thank your backers to get YOUR dream come through. I more and more regret I founded this project ....... @Thorsten Schneider How did you connect to your bluetooth soundbar? Mine doesn't work.... Excited to finally receive it but the device/app has major connectivity issues with iOS. Airplay only works with YouTube and Spotify so far, but it disconnects every 5-10mins, which makes it super annoying. The app and device disconnects often too. The built-in speaker output is dismal - but I guess I can live with that. Super disappointed, overall. Will the developers please work on the bugs? Otherwise I don't know why I am paying so much for a nice looking device that gives me more pain than joy. Please. Anyone know why it keeps disconnecting after a short while?! Got mine today in Canada! :) Got my Beam this week (I'm in London, UK) -- and it totally surpassed my expectations (I've lowered the bar considerably, based on my experience with Kickstarter projects over the last year or two). I'm impressed with the hardware, and am looking forward to software updates resolving some of the minor bugs. Keep up the good work! It's a pity that there is zero communication within 2 weeks of asking my question. Even wrote them a mail, to no success whatsoever. Before funding I asked, if the beam output can be mirrored, so that I can use it for backlit projection, which was mandatory for my use case. Now I am sitting here with a really expensive light bulb with no use for me. Hello? Founder? This project is not done yet, please talk to me. Thanks I'm happy about my beam. The actions could be a bit enhanced but are a good start. Hoping for some nice updates! Can I get ssh access into my beam? It's slugish sometimes and I want to see whats causing these performance drops When I am in youtube I can not go down. Do anyone know how to do that?(Just got it, it is great) The thing I find needs improvement is the geometry of the projected image when the Beam is hanging from the ceiling. I get a nasty trapezoid picture because apparently the system seems to be optimized for the beam to lie on its flattened side on a table and then projecting to a wall. It would be mighty nice if we would be able to change the geometry of the projected picture, which is a totally normal feature for standard projectors btw. @Steven Geerinckx What does work for me is connecting Beam to a Bluetooth Speaker (I have a Samsung M3 that was part of a soundbar bundle) and from that moment on all sounds came from that speaker instead of those built-in speakers of the Beam. I managed to get through the setup. And i must say, I already love my beam. Indeed, sound could be improved (or it should be able to connect soundoutput to external devise) Also if nothing is being playes, the beam has som kind of cracking sound now and than, the kind of sound you get when a inputcable on a receiver has bad contact... I connect my beam through my apples airport express network so i was hoping that it would play sound through that as well, but it only plays sound through beam itself (SAD FACE). Another thing that dissapointed me slightly was that if I use a certain app on my Iphone (this app makes it possible to watch digital TV directly on the Iphone) I get some sort of streaming error. So it doesn't seem to work on beam when i mirror that certain Iphone app, allthough that could be some sort of safety thing within the television app. But in general i love the beam. Keep working on perfection guess !! @Wu Zano was awful and KSer backed that project so it's a system wide failure! My Amex CC refunded the money but it took time and effort and well I'm grateful and I hope others can recoup their costs too. 1. Got mine last night (USA). 2. Audio is really....improvable....Wish they have an Aux output or some kind of outlet, but you know what? I can make it work maybe...Gonna try to out put sound to bluetooth jawbone soundbox. 3. App UI. I assume there will be many updates for their Apps in the coming months...Because it's working but....Clunky....and kinda awkward when you compare it to the "remote" app for appleTV. Granted, with their manpower and time this is already impressive. 4. For those of us who has an home audio solutoin (mine is Sonos). I will try to purchase another Bluetooth receiver and see if it works to integrate projection with sound...Will update soon. All in all, it's a satisfying product. Will update with my further testings I was able to fix all my issues and now I'm all happy again with Beam! 1: sound not working seems to be a strange Android bug. After installing the app SoundAbout and restarting, media sound just works fine again. 2. Airplay now does work just fine (from macbook and iPhone), but on another network (my home network, via airport timecapsule). So it seems to depend on the kind of network. Probably some specific network settings... 3. The weather app did not really disappear, but actually got mysteriously renamed by the system to "Lib". After a factory reset, everything was restored to normal. For a factory reset, first turn Beam completely off; either by switching off the light switch on the wall or unplugging the power cord. Then switch it back on with the light switch on the wall or plug in the power cord. Two seconds after powering it, hold the button on Beam for 3 seconds. Important: when performing factory reset or updates, never disconnect the power! 4. On my home network the iOS remote app just works fine. Also depends on the kind of network probably. So I suggest to test and setup the Beam on a different network if it doesnt work well. I am selling my beam for my pledge price, right now here: <url>"next". But am i stupid ? but I cant figure out where this next button is supposed to be?? Only button on my app that works in this step is "Home" and "Switch to lamp" . Anybody have a suggestion ? thanx I'm still waiting for my Beam. I received an email mid last month with a tracking number, but there's been no updates since the 22nd stating that the package has arrived in the country. I tried to contact you through your company site but I haven't received any response. The delivery address was a company that had a shutdown period over the Christmas Break, but there hasn't been anything since. Thanks in advance @Sean, most likely you werent at home when they try to deliver. My suggestion is to go to the nearest postal office and asked if the package is left behind there. After payment of the taxes & duties you will get your Beam. Dude I still haven't gotten my beam? I was supposed to get it in October? Can someone help me understand how Beam is being delivered? I have a tracking number from NL Post, however the site indicates "Failed Delivery" on 12/28.....and nothing has happened since. Where is my Beam???!!!??? I'd like to get it as it appears many backers have already gotten theirs! Thank you in advance. First of all: well done with the beautiful Beam! I was really impressed with how it looks (and feels!) and with the wrapping. But… now I am using it, I’m bumping in a couple of issues… 1. No sound when watching video, or playing music: when Beam starts, it does play a sound. When I go to settings and play a notification sound, it does work. But I have been trying to play a video using Chrome and the Youtube app. And have been trying to play music using Spotify. But no sound then. That’s not right, is it? What can I do about it? 2. I am not able to connect my macbook pro (2014 model) or iphone 5s using airplay to Beam. I’ve tried using the Airreceiver app, have been enabling/disabling it, restarting. The devices are of course on the same Wifi network. Airplay does not show up. 3. The Beam weather app disappeard recently. Can’t find it anymore in the apps overview. I also spotted a change (I think) in the set, after startup. At first, I thought I saw a couple of apps showing. But recently only Chrome is showing in the set. 4. The iOS remote app is not able to connect to Beam very very often. While I can connect to Beam using my browser on my macbook at the same time. I have also e-mailed these issues to support. @wu hopefully it will work out. I'm not an engineer so I will leave that to the specialist but I'm sure the holiday season is impacting their customer services. I'm sure they will get back to you by next week if not sooner. I understand that waiting is the worst part and trust me I feel for you. Being a Zano backer, I am grateful for Beam for coming through. @MegaBueno, I'm sorry I did not make the situation clear enough. I tried Beam with the included cable and my lamp, in both case, even the initial white little lamp does not light up. To make it sure the cable/lamp works I tried normal light bulb with them and they were fine. So clearly the problem is within Beam. I actually suspect it is an internal disconnection, perhaps happened during shipping. For the Beam Labs the simplest and most efficient way to handle this kind of initial defect would be to replace it with a new one. Initial defect always happens, and this kind of defected samples are very important to improve the production process, so a responsible/wise producer would want to recover it, assess the problem and feed back to production line as soon as possible to reduce defect rate (I'm pretty sure because myself is an engineer in the tech world). And instead Beam Labs is ignorant, if not crazy, trying to assess the problem without the sample on their hand. @Wu, I'm pretty sure you tried everything so my apologies if this seems redundant. So the light turns on but no projection? Are you able to try the beam with a different socket? Nothing happens when you press the buttons to wake up the beam? With the beam plugged in, can you see it on your wifi? @Steph good idea, if you set one up I will def contribute. I don't mind posting a tutorial too if needed. I am NOT affiliated with Beam; just a backer here on KSer who enjoys helping others. It has been more than 3 days, still no clear information or replacement instruction from support. I've received a mail saying the problem is forwarded to tech team about 2 days ago, and total silence since then. I wonder what kind of sophisticated technical analysis is being done to assess my problem, with the information 'light bulb works but Beam does not'. Maybe mine is the only initial defect here and ignoring such rare case won't do much harm to your business, but it feels really bad to receive a box of garbage after waiting so long. has someone started a users' forum so we can share tips and tricks? I'm getting kind of lost @Jay it may take some time getting used because of the Android set up. As an iOS user myself it took a few hours but afterward it's fairly intuitive. I would recommend downloading all the essential and for me that involves streaming content. When using AirPlay, it works for pictures and and videos from the phone but not if you're using the phone as the middle man (hopefully that makes sense). So for instance, one cannot stream Amazon video from iphone and AirPlay to Beam. Been using Netflix and SlingPlayer and both have been working great. OK, found it, nearly off the lower right bottom of the screen. Got it working. I guess I'll get used to the clunky interface. Optically, it seems to be basic box camera quality. Thank you megabueno. You got me closer to operation, connected to the network, but I still cannot get anything more than a black screen with a menu at the bottom, and onscreen instructions to "press the next button". There is no next button, neither on the iPad screen or on the projected beam screen, and nothing happens to the projected screen when I try all the options on the iPad screen. Where is this "next" button supposed to be ? @ Spongefile I had the same with PostNL but I got it anyhow (after paying the (96 Euro's extra costs). Be prepared you have the money around otherwise you need to pick it up at the postoffice (after paying there) same here, Tracking number unknown. mail received on december 31st Got a tracking number a while ago but post NL still can't find it. I received my beam, and it seems to be working. I'm amazed at how bright and clear the image is even across a lit room. I would have liked more documentation on how to hook it up to my network and Iphone. When i installed YouTubes, it seems to have gotten stuck on a set up screen where it doesn't recognize the mouse. @Jay you need to set up your iPad to go on the Beams wifi connection first. After connecting with Beam, you will be able to set up your Beam to browse your wifi and that is when you will set up your home wifi. I cannot get it to work at all. My iPad has to choose between two different networks, my wi-fi network, and the beam network. It cannot be on both networks at once. Either-or. The Beam should go onto the network, not be the network, no ? Nice setup screen, but no setup. Received my Beam, works great�� Super awesome �� Just received my Beam. But it is likely to be broken as nothing happens when I feed power to it. I tried the cable came with Beam and my lamp, both works fine with light bulb. I'm contacting the support. I'll update when I got their response. Using the Slingplayer on Beam: <url>"sets" in the app, makes me having to switch to Keypad touchpad in order to select the only set available, more consequently limiting navigation to cursors style would probably improve the user experience. But still, thats something that I have patience for improvement through the development of updates. 3. I had to pay round about 150 USD in customs/vat. That is quite alot, I think (and yes, you are not the only project) founders have to state clearly, where they expect the origin/shipping from, since this is can add a significant amount to the costs of the initial kickstarter product price - having to pay unexpectedly 40% on top of the price shouldnt be a surprise, especially when the company suggest that they are located somewhere else from where they actually plan to ship the final product form. 4. It was promised that beam can mirror the image for rear projection. I wasn't able to figure out how. Only way I could modify the image was to rotate but not mirror. Where can I find this setting? Thanks Finally got into weather and now it just says "error parsing data". On top of that apps just keep disappearing from my "sets" Just got mine set up. Currently can't get any internet services to work. Gmail won't login, weather says can't connect to server and checking for an update gave me a message "Undiscover new version". Product can be great, but software is junk right now. @creator hopefully you can at least get Netflix working efficiently! Ok so I received mine yesterday. I love the packaging and the look of the product. The screen brightness and clarity is surprisingly good. When I powered it up the OS worked alright a little laggy it ok. But after the device ha been on for extended periods it's starts to chug. After playing with it some more It became unusable. Netflix doesn't work. AirPlay barely works, there is no way to scroll up or down. When you turn the device off a bright light comes on. I don't want that light on, this should be customizable. The OS is so buggy and slow, I had tore set multiple times after it froze. I couldn't get anything to work. I really hope this will be patched out. The user interface is kind of confusing. You guys should add a sleep timer in case I fall asleep watching on my ceiling. USPS how is this being shipped? I received a "tracking number" but it hasn't changed in days. Does the shipping company know to deliver after hours to residential areas? Does anyone have video? I just wanted to make a quick update... I tried TeamViewer again from a different computer and had better results, not perfect by any means, but watchable. However, I did find a good way to play videos, quite by accident. When right clicking on a video file in Windows 10, there was an option I hadn't noticed before: Cast to Device. With it, I was able to stream videos from my PC via Beam almost perfectly. The only problem is thatduring playback Windows reports "Device is offline". The video finishes playing, but I am not able to play another without rebooting the PC. I don't know if this is a problem with Windows or with Beam. Beam team, What will you do about the problems in the software mentioned here? Will you be addressing these at all? Thank you, Concerned backer I received my BEAM before Xmas AFTER paying an additional 96 Euro's. A huge disappointment additional costs need to be paid, especially because there are questions asked about this during the campaign. Is this only for Dutch backers or does other (non-Dutch) backers facing these extra costs as well??? I really don't understand why the BEAM hasn't been shipped directly out of NL to us. It would mean 2-3 days extra shipping time and NO extra costs for the Duch backer. The looks, the package are great. A real gift and great piece of design. Fully matching my expectations! That said it isn't about the package unfortunately but about the content. Sadly the product isnt as nice as the looks of it ........ The connection drops all the time, i need to re-connect the BEAM with my Apple device and sometimes even complete connect from scratch. Maybe due to my lack of knowledge of Android but the OS is currently not understood still. I have been able to download the KPN iTV app but i only get sound, no view., While on my Apple device i get sound AND view. A real pain in the A.. because that would be my main reason to get a BEAM: watch TV out of my bed projected to my ceiling. Netflix i haven't tried still based upon earlier negative comments. When I want to switch off my BEAM - via the OS- I suddenly get a light which I only can switch of by pulling out the plug out of the socket....... This mean a new set-up when you plug in your BEAM in the socket (not a easy or smart way of working). Secondly I have spend more than 1 hour to adjust the clock because it is one hour behind ...... after many attempts I give it up. Again not sure if this is my lack of Android knowledge of something in the BEAM settings. I'm fearing to try to set-up a IFTTT recipe to auto project the time in the mornings before I wake up either in combination with a nice piece of music as alarm. Comments below does not give the the confident this will be a quick & easy exercise...... Last but not least the BEAM has - like shared before by the creators- a nice ring to adjust the view. Sadly there is a minor misalignment because even my table is 100% horizontal leveled the image on the wall is 98% leveled. If I adjust the view via the adjustment ring the view will be 102% leveled. Overall conclusion is that the product looks amazing, the package is a true gift but content-wise the product seems not fully developed still. I expect most of the issues can be solved by software updates. The extra paid customs taxes and duties (including handling cost because the taxes and duties weren't paid) are defiantly a huge disappointment. The total paid amount of 530 Euro's is at this stage not worth the product. Especially it for now I have a light bulb which also projects the - incorrect- time, the weather and I can watch webpages or YouTube video's with. Hopefully the creators will step up and provide us very soon software updates and guidance to secure the product is as good as it looks. For the moment I'm carefull with sharing the product with my friends, because when they hear what it costs they will decline me nuts. I want overwhelmed them and make them envy I have a BEAM and they not........ guess a little more patience is still required but hopefully the moment to share BEAM with my world comes soon! I thought I'd post a bit more after using it for a few days. I apologize that these are mostly negative points. I'll start with the biggest issue that comes to mind, the Android app. It seems to time-out after being inactive for a while. It seems to connect, and respond to your input, and the Beam screen refreshes but doesn't respond beyond that. The mouse point doesn't show up, the app's buttons (back, on/off, for example) don't do anything. The only solution I've found is to forcibly close the app or restart my phone. Restarting/resetting Beam doesn't make a difference. I've not noticed this problem with the Web app. Speaking of the web app, I tried it in Microsoft's Edge browser and it couldn't find the Beam. It does work with Opera, though. I haven't tried any other browsers. Icons sometimes disappear from the main interface, at least from the default "Living Room" set. I think this only happened when I was browsing Google Play Store. I have not tried Netflix, but YouTube worked quite well when I tried it. I could not get the installed MiraCast app working, so I tried installing TeamViewer to mirror my desktop, as suggested on the support page, but it was extremely laggy. I will try again with a different PC and see if things improve. I have tried setting up an Action to get Beam to turn on and display the clock when I get home but it has never worked. I don't know if it's related to the Android app issues, or something else, but so far, no luck. Considering Beam Actions were one their big talking points during the campaign, it's extremely basic at this point. For example, you can't edit an existing action, you have to delete (or disable) the old one and then create a new one. Timer-based actions would be nice, for example, there doesn't seem to be a way to make the screen turn off if you've been inactive for a while. So, once again, I'm sorry for the mostly negative review. Fortunately, I think at lot of it can be fixed after a few software updates. I am actually more interested in hearing what others have installed and been using on theirs, as I think that will give me ideas as to how to get the most use out of it. I hope Beam Labs sets up a web forum or something to help troubleshoot and share ideas. Around Italy Did anyone around get it yet?? I am in Italy and it hasn't come I am in Italy How do u track your beam?? Arrived yesterday on the 24th. Location Portugal, Backer 723. Setup was easy but I had to do it twice, first time it did not connect to my wifi. I have a Google OnHub. Initial setup was with the Android app. Beam Clock, Beam Weather, Youtube works. Airplay via iPad laggy for the video. Airplay via Macbook spotty. I can mirror my screen, but do not play any movies in iTunes or Quicktime. Does not matter whether with DRM (free episode of a TV show from iTunes) or a locally recorded movie. It says Error -50. When I check for updates it says" undiscover new version". Thank you for the review. Really appreciate you taking the time. Mine arrived this morning, I haven't really had time to play around with it much as I had issues setting it up. Like you, I had to do a factory reset a few times during set up. It wasn't connecting to my wireless network and sometimes that would stop my phone or PC from connecting to it until I reset it. There were non-alphanumeric characters in my wifi password, so I had to change that to get it to connect. To scroll with the touchpad, just have one finger on the "button" and use another finger to move up or down. It's a bit awkward to scroll through large pages, but works well enough in general. Apologies for the typos! � I was backer 61. The Beam arrived in Holland from China 6 days ago. It is a true gift to receive, the packaging is a treat. The product itself is great. Beautiful, soft black finish. Everything about the hardware looks and feels as first class quality. The set up is very easy: just screw Beam in the socket and plug it in. It will start to project immediately, showing instructions. Make sure you have the app in place (you'll need it to navigate) and follow the instructions. I installed the app on my iPhone 5C, iPad Air 2 and use the webapp on mu Macbook Pro. Easy peasy. Having siad that, you'll understand I'm not familiar with Android :) And the Beam system in Android. It feels laggy to me, and buggy. I suspect (and hope) that the software needs a few updates until performance is as it should be. With me, the system seems to crash on the Netflix app, but maybe I just wanted to much, too fast. Anyway, to reboot the system, just plug the Beam out, plug it in again, pressing the hardware button on the rim. Android will reset and the Beam is back to factory settings. It seems to me it would have been nice if the hardware button would have served as a reset button (as on a Mac), but this isn't the case. Once the system is stuck, the button does nothing. Unplugging and going back to factory settings is the only cure. The apps are very nice. They look nice, and I think they have a pleasing UX. There are 3 ways you can operate the Beam: with a touchpad, a keyboard and with arrows. I find I toggle all three to be able to do what I want. I haven't found a way to scroll up and down with the touchpad, so for that I use the arrows. And, as said by someone before, after a while the responsiveness starts to lag. I find the Beam to be a bit noisier than promised (you can hear the fan), but it's ok. It gets warm too, but that could be feom crashing all the time. Or perhaps the fan in my Beam is a Monday morning product, and that's what's causing the crashes instead of Android. I don't know. @creator, what do you think? All in all: it looks great, it feels great, it just is the first of its kind and it has a few hickups. Mainly software issues, as far as I can tell. I'm really happy with it and will mainly be using it to take it with me to clients, for presentations. - the mirroring of a Keynote presentation is flawless, no lag at all :) Looks like US delivery next week. Just checked tracking and my package just enter the US and with sorting I suspect Mon/Tue delivery. Hmm no tracking number yet though other Dutch people have received their beam already. can you guys check? Ditto (about the review) and anyone in the US received theirs? Can anyone who has it give us a bit more of an in-depth review? 854 Backer nr 188. Hi! Question to those who have received their beams: what backer numbers are you? Nothing here yet; hoping it will arrive this week. I have not received anything yet!!! No Christmas beam fun... Anyone tried it with sling player? Can anyone who got one post a video of the beam in action? It is a great product, but the Beam is not very stable yet (I suppose it is the Android part of the Beam). I sometimes hangs. Some apps do not work (for instance HorizonGo, Dutch tv app, does not work). After it hung, it was reset to factory defaults. The button on the Beam does sometimes not respond. Netflix indeed cannot be streamed using Airplay. Airplay has a big ''time-lag''. The ''remote'' app on iOS is ok, but the movement of the pointer is quite slow. At first the responsiveness is good and after a while it seems to get tired ;-). But luckily I do not have any issues with the Neflix app.... In Dutch they say: "it still has some child diseases", but I am confident that BeamInc will work it out. What is going on?!?! Netflix mirroring doesn't work???? Okay, seriously: Netflix is a no-go!! It f*cks up the Beam somehow and you have to reset to factory settings :/ Found it! Here: <url>#1,524) that they would receive their BEAM on or before Christmas, and per the promised schedule for shipping batches out, mine should have shipped two weeks ago. As of this date, I have not received ANY communication with a response nor a tracking number. Would appreciate a response at your earliest. Yep, I'd to pay 96 euro taxes as well. Probably, for the Dutch people, the 21% BTW. Unfortunately for us, its probably calculated with the current exchange rate.. Received my Beam too! Also had to pay 96€ customs. (NL) Also received it. Had to pay 96 euro to Customs.... Just received my Beam!!! #701 got tracking number. Wondering how much time it takes to reach JP as we are leaving in a few days for the holidays. Got the tracking number too! Cannot wait to try it out. Because their address is here in the Netherlands (Leerdam), I also could pick it up myself ;-) Woohoo got my tracking! Backer #854 here; no tracking yet and I suspect that this product will arrive after xmas. It's okay, I'm in no hurry but it certainly would be nice to have it sooner than later. Any update on shipping? 'Most Beams will be shipped by the end of the week' stated about a week ago. Backer no. 701, no tracking number until now. So does any earlier backers already received tracking numbers? And according to my experience with Glocalme, I think in this case receiving tracking number is not the same with receiving shipping notice from Amazon. Chinese manufacturers these days are using special shipment route/method to reduce/avoid tax and that takes time. In the case of Glocalme, product is first shipped to Singapore and then shipped from Singapore with a different tracking number, totally taking more than 2 weeks. I hope this won't happen here, but just in case. Has anyone already received a tracking number? Thanks. We have spent a lot of money on this product. Please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations. HI I thank the Beam Team for taking the time to make our product in a serious and responsible manner. I thank you for resisting the urge to just hand over any old crap and get this thing over with. I believe that kickstarter has blurred the line between supporting a proyect and buying something from Ebay. In Ebay/Amazon we are used to same day shipping... detailed tracking, client feedback and moneyback satisfaction garanteed bussiness. I believe Kickstarter is not this. There is no provider history on which to base reliability of components, or supplier history to base the timeframes upon.. There is no hard evidence of the hidden costs.. or hidden pitfalls...since, you guessed it, there have been no beams before. I believe an inordinate amount of backers have been led to believe that this is a surefire event..not a new idea, something that has never before been done, and 90% of the mistakes will be made on this run. You want a perfect product, shipped on time with an iron clad garantee and a forum with all kinds of feedback and info... well.. wait 2 years; Be forwarned however that perhaps if this product was not backed here, now, by us... it might not exist (or said forum) 2 years from now. Anxious as I am to receive it.. pelase take the time to make our Beams the best that you can... also Android...Android..Android!!!!! Would it be possible to get the source code for the app to try adapting it to Xamarin or a similar multi-platform technology? I'm a Windows Phone user, and sure would be swell to have an app! *Will Beam arrive in Jan. 2016 We want a solid product. We are not blaming production delay. We just want a clear answer to the following questions. And with a better precision from your statement record (weeks delay, every time) - Will Beam arrive before Christmas (very likely to be No) - Will Beam arrive in 2015 (likely to be No) - Will Beam arrive in Jan. 2015 (Maybe Yes?) Please take a moment from composing your 'extensive update' and just simply answer these questions. Update please. Hi Beam team, we all are aware you are doing all you can to provide us with a superb product. We also (try) to understand your focus is on that area but we all are urgently waiting for clear updates about the final product as well when we finally can expect to have our Beams in our hands! Please improve your communications towards us: your founders! The schedule said everything would be shipped by October. It's been almost a month since the last update. Can we get something a little more encouraging? So , soon, is that this week? Thanks. We have spent a lot of money on this product. Please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations. Thanks. We have spent a lot of money on this product. Please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations. Thanks. We have spent a lot of money on this product. Please do not rush it, get it right, high expectations. Where are we with this project? We are creeping closer to December and if you don't think you can deliver this in Dec. I would like to know. Not rushing just curious so I can lower my expectations. Do i* Sorry I looked up company applications on fcc website as beam labs, how don't find it in there? Thanks Dear Beam Labs, You mention in the update comments you are already assembling. How can you be already assembling but you do not have fcc approval yet? @Chris Brown. This is not amazon. This is Kickstarter. You should never expect real delivery times I would like to get a refund of $400.00 as you have not shipped the product as promised, October 2015, and you have not contacted me regarding this issue. There is no guarantee that you will ever make and ship this beam, so please send me my money back within 10 days. I would like to get a refund of $400.00 as you have not shipped the product as promised, October 2015, and you have not contacted me regarding this issue. There is no guarantee that you will ever make and ship this beam, so please send me my money back within 10 days. Good day, Can i upgrade the shipping method? Our local postal services is on strike and very corrupt? I have a Fedex account number which you can use. They work and is a safe option!!! Dimensions would be great, so we can make sure we have lamps that fit nicely. If it's possible change the led lamp? Could you explain the warranty, 1 year remplacement. How we can use RMA department from Europe' Also could you confirm the specs, lumins, weight, consumption, upgrades.....? So we have a list of things promised by the last update. 1, "Next step is getting our FAQ, support and developer pages online as well" 2, CE and FCC approval 3, Parts being delivered 4, Begin assembling and testing/shipping I wonder if a month's time was not enough to get 1 done, how much longer will it take to do the rest. Especially as 2 and 3 take time, and may have trial and error cycles, and as no update being post I suspect you are in the midst of one, if not multiple of those cycles. If this assumption is right shipping begins in November is almost impossible. (I actually am not expecting shipping before Christmas too) We at last want a solid product with the promised functions, so I'm not worrying or complaining about delayed delivery, please take your time and make it to be a good thing. But please keep people informed, because we are backers sharing risk with you. Hi Beam, Can we please get a short comment as to how production is going? So any news? I'm excited! Have they arrived from the factory? Take your time guys, i have high expectations for this project, so i prefer you delivering a fully finished product. Allthough i am xcited to get it in my hands. Are still on track with production and shipment in November? I asked this question on the updates page, but didn't get a response so thought I'd leave it here too. If I chose e26/27 on the survey, will I still get the bayonet the adaptor as I live in the UK and will need both in my house? Thank you @creator keep up the good work! Really excited about this product and I can't wait to watch movies in the backyard under the stars with this innovation :) @Beam how many units are you projecting to assemble each week? Figure I would ask since it's based on first come first serve and this would give those of us who are waiting an understanding to when to expect their pledge... So any news? Don't think you can get a refund for a pledge. I'm asking again since you haven't responded my e-mail. Can I cancel my order?? That long trip...and the longest is the last mile. Now that October is here, can't wait to see that Beam! Thanks in advance for confirming when it might arrive! How is the October shipping date looking? 15 day since last contact by you, any news? October is nearly here. Any news? Still on track? Is it too late to cancel my order? @Beam Labs, Inc. AMAZING! Thank you for thinking INTERNATIONALLY! =-) I am SO excited to utilize Beam as I travel around the world! Hi team. Two questions : 1.what are the dimensions of the beam.? I need to buy Suitable lamp for it. 2.what is the max screen size and from what distance/throw? I backed this project and realized Beam does not ship to my country (Taiwan) is there a reason for the limited countries it ships to? And what can I do to fix this? I filled out survey. Checked E26/27 because it looked familiar? What is bayonet. I am US resident. Just to check, this is what voltage? I hope it's 120-240 as I travel around the world often... Thank you for the survey. Go Beam team!!! So now delivery is November? If that keeps is not so bad Strawberry? I hope this is still on track for October... Is the project still on track for an October delivery? Just got a 6 arms Jielde floor lamp for Beam. Looking forward to project things onto various surfaces in our house. How bright is the bulb inside BEAM ? How many lumens does it project? Thanks for the update and video! I understand you are in the middle of production, however has anyone had time to think about a USB power cord. Not sure on the power requirements, but this could make mobility and uses go off the chart. Thoughts? What's going on here??? The last update was on July 2nd. Could we please have a new one (even if it's just to confirm that everything is still on track)? Thanks! How is the production coming along, are we still projected for the scheduled release date? How is the Beam compared with RIF6? How is everything coming along BEAM? Is it possible to use it as an Android PC, like Remix Mini (another KS campaign) ??? Would love to see an actual production model in action... any chance of that happening? Does the beam support dimmable sockets? Like when you use Beam within a multi-light arrangement that is attached to a dimmer switch? Yes that was a dumb late night question I suppose. I am very excited to hear how things are proceeding. Did the hoodies get sent out? I sent in my information but I haven't seen any response about delivery date. Thanks! Hi, how is the process going, can we please get an update and are you guys still on course to deliver by delivery date? Thank you How will we be able to AirPlay through beam app if I need another app to be open at the same time, for ex, Netflix? Are we still on target for an October delivery date or is premature to confirm that at this moment? If you read through their details it says: "You can of course control Beam with the app on your Apple or Android device." I don't have a Android device. I'm not interested enough in Android to buy any Android devices. Please add support for Windows smartphones and iOS devices as well. I am a bit confused. I only have ios devices, I thought this beam would work with ios as well. But your last update makes me doubt this. If I understand correctly, you will not develop any apps for ios? only Android ? That would be disappointing. Can someone confirm ?? So I am moving due to a job change. Is there any way I can update my mailing address to you guys? Hi! Will there be any possibility to stream all the audio from the Beam over wifi to some kind of DLNA enabled device? I know it's possible with Bluetooth, but the sound quality is to low for me when doing that. What I'm after is basically the wifi equivalence of an aux cable from the Beam to my hi-fi receiver. Can i install Kodi no it? Is there any way this could be used in a home setup for a golf simulator? Scottie are your here? I am still waiting for an update to my beam-ing request... Beam me up Scottie!!! Thrilled to hear about some updates, status, etc :) Hi, What is the update on Beam's progress? Thanks Possible got a HDMI port or MHL input or any kind of hdmi input on board? I want to connect chromecast/laptop/all sort of things to this I think my hoodie email may have gone into Spam, did everyone else get their hoody ok? Kathleen I'm also curious, do you and your son use the same Kickstarter account? Perhaps not such a great idea in hind-site... I would say that if my kid has my credit card information with my permission, then I am personally responsible. If they have the card information without my permission then that sounds like it's time for some parental discipline. Either way I would make him or her pay you back... Hey @Kathleen Thomas, my partner and I are in a similar situation - though we didnt request a refund. we had made a pledge with the intention of paying on the night, but postage and conversion put the pledge cost above either of our transfer limits. our logic was that the kickstarter campaign lasts for roughly a month - this should be enough time to consider the pledge and its impact on your finances and once the time is up, pay what was promised. Now im not going to declare im knowledged in Kickstarter rule/regulations (ive only backed 2 other projects) but the deadline is clearly defined and so im trating this like ebay - I committed to the purchase and now I must follow through. perhaps a life lesson for your son to be more careful in the future? in short I Agree from a technicality perspective, not ethical Hey Backers! Let me know what you think! My son without my permission, backed this project. I found out when the charge posted, the day after the project closed. I immediately contacted Beam and asked to have the pledge cancelled. It took several days and several emails to get ANY response from them. Here is their response - please post and let me know what you think. Is this fair considering that Kickstarters' bylaws allow for refunds? COnsdering they were hoping for $200,000 and got nearly $800,000 in pledges. Their attitude and unresponsiveness is of great concern, as well. You have recently contacted us with a request to refund your backing for Beam on Kickstarter. Unfortunately we are unable to offer you a refund for this, regardless of the reasons or circumstances for your cancellation. Developing a product like Beam takes a lot of careful planning on both the production process and the financial aspects. A lot of these things are dependant on the amount of Beams we produce, so if these amounts change we have to re-negotiate with suppliers and make a new financial planning. One Beam less is not going to change this completely, but it is unfair to all other backers if we grant one request and deny another...During the crowdfunding project itself it is possible to cancel a pledge easily and a message is sent to all backers before the campaign closes. SO he claims that 24hours made the difference in refunding me the money for a project I did not back... DO YOU AGREE WITH BEAM"S DECISION????? Can't wait for this item! Extremely innovative. It tools days and several postings to finally hear from Beam! Despite notifying them the day after the project closed of my son backing this without my permission, THEY DENIED CANCELLING THIS ORDER!!! They stated I could have cancelled during before the closing date - 24 hours earlier! But despite Kickstarter's policy of allowing cancellations, BEAM REFUSED stating budget reasons! Yes, for a project that well exceeded their planned goal. I HOPE THIS IS NOT A FORESHADOWING OF THE TYPE OF BUSINESS BEAM IS AND HOW LITTLE THEY RESPECT THEIR SUPPORTERS! 2days ago I posted a comment about this project...and guess what?THE BEAM TEAM HAS STILL NOT RESPONDED!!!!! Shame on you Neam Labs, Inc.! No respose nor no updates since the project closed!!!!! Very much concerned...MY SON BACKED THIS PROJECT WITHOUT MY KNOWLEDGE USING MY CARD...WROTE TO BACKERS...IGNORED ME!!!! According to Kickstarters bylaws "You can refund individual pledges if you want. After your project has been funded, you can cancel and refund a backer’s pledge at any time. If you do, you have no further obligation to that specific backer, and no agreement exists between you." Guess these guys are just about the money!!!!! Congratulations on the successful funding close. One thing I would ask, would it be possible for you guys to make the beam this way, that when it gets power (e.g. the light socket gets turned on) that it also starts some sort of standard behavior (like displaying a clock or so), comparable with Philips HUE turning on a standard white LED, when it gets power. It would be greater, if that behavior could be customizable by the user (one probably would like to have the LED turn on, the other - like me - to display a clock / app. It is because even though it is trimmed down to 6 Wattin standby as you say, that is still alot - in times, where you are not around/sleeping at night. Thanks & good luck with the next phase of the project! Is the Beam dual voltage? Does the thing work with the cord in Europe or the USA with just an adapter plug, or is it single voltage? Congratulations!! keep up the good work!! sorry. GREAT idea... not grey... Well done chaps. Good luck with your next phase. Its a grey idea Congratulations guys. Job well done. Looking forward to receiving mine! :) Congratulations on a succesfull project. Backed you up but have a question, is there besides lightbulb fitting a cable to just plug into outlet, and even more awesome a batterypack for wireless usage? Can't wait :) I just backed your project! :) I'll happily wait it for it to come to my mum's house.. we are always 'on the go' and I see you do not send to any country near us in Asia so please, can you send the Bayonete with our Beam? Where should I write it so you remember is our Beam among so many?! ;) Thanks in advance and Congratulations!! Beam got our attention as soon as we read about it :) Mmmh... love to back such creative minds :) I understand that the amount of backers are far from 2mill to have the LED lights.. But can the light itself at least have a choice of white or yellow? Personally i hate white lights at home. And esply during night times, it is much soothing to have yellow light. Perhaps an option to choose white or yellow light? Or able to change the cover of where the light shines through? Please consider! Thankyou. @Michael Unfortunately since a few years the USPS has raised the shipping fees for overseas packages so high it is quite common that some items are less expensive than the shipping cost when you buy them in the States. It's a common pain in the rear-end when you have to deal with buying things from the USA. I'm happy to be a backer, but $40+ just for shipping to germany is really quite an amount; unless performed by some celebs. :-) Awesome! I can't wait to receive my Beam. I sincerely do hope the final version will have a bigger memory, even if the target hasn't been reached. Fingers crossed!! Hi. Couple you please make sure, that there is an easy way of enabling rear projection (by mirroring the image)? Can't wait for that really cool product to come to life. Thanks Is there any way to use this projector as an extended desktop or at least to send a desktop (either Linux or Windows) to the wall? Hey I believed I bought 3 ($399) Beams!. If this is so can you decline 2. I only want 1. Thanks Really excited about this project. The innovation and novelty here is using the bulb as a projector; can be a hit and a KickStarter great if executed properly. Too often great ideas become good ideas and some times a poorly executed idea. Refining your product and constantly making strides to improve the concept should always be considered. I too would prefer to have improve resolution but as the creator I trust that you would make the best product possible without sacrificing quality and timing. Timing for Kickstarter is another reason why a lot of great ideas become obsolete. Hopefully as creators you have planned out the production aspect to avoid extended delays. Good luck! Btw that would be a stretchgoal that would make me putting up a 120 inch poster at work to see that it came to be realized. How about a small integrated camera to analyze the image if you point at it, so it is equipped to work like a touchscreen for any connected 3rd party application? @Creator: I saw a Sonos device in one of your recents pics posted; will Beam be able to connect to this as means of audio output? I like the product (but not the resolution) but I kinda wonder why you didn't go for something like a 'projector that fits in any light - with integrated ChromeCAST' rather than trying to integrate so much more software and hardware in the device? Presumably it would have been cheaper and considerably less risk - a with a greater potential to upgrade the resolution. Hey Guys, Wondering if there's an USB port available (even hidden) on the board? We ve got some ideas about adding depth sensing cameras. Cheers, Eric thank you for this update. Looking forward to seeing Beam in October Thanks for the thoughtful and responsive update Creator. I appreciate your frankness and honesty. It is a very exciting product, and I know you'll continue to further develop the user interface as well as explore hardware improvements before Beam is shipped out. Hi Guys, thanks for the update. Looking forward to getting my Beam in October! hi there .. Can I use BEAM as a project for my PC ? @ Creator. We're getting close to the end of the campaign. Any chance the resolution and brightness can be improved? It seems like you have been working hard on seeing if the specs can be better and I was wondering if you have an update on that front at the moment. At over half a million dollars, I'm not sure they even care about addressing the resolution concerns that have been raised here...I'm not sure I'm going to make it to the end of this campaign without some more information on that front, but I'm guessing they won't miss the handful of backers who feel the same. I thought perhaps creators would try get better resolution but they seem to be ignoring that part. It's real pricey Looks like it has the same res as a pico projector but with Bluetooth and light fixture. I'm a bit on the fence as well. @Beam Is the picture you linked to 120 inches wide diagonally? If not could you show us what that would look like? I'd like more honesty and openness regarding the projection quality please. Thanks for that but if that was a good quality picture on a fixed screen what would the screen size be? 854x480p... I'm very worried.. Hi in simple turns would someone please explain what the picture quality will be like? Thanks Brilliant idea by the way Hi there, What a fantastic idea ... We are looking to get our first Beam. asap ... Good luck ! Philippe Hi all, please let me share my two cents regarding HDMI: I think this totally against the original concept of having a projector that should most likely integrate in your household as some kind of a lamp. Adding HDMI would make it even more to a regular projector. I think this not the goal here? Still more important (remember: My point of view) should be to increase resolution and max Lumen. My guts are telling me that there are many of us focussing only on this improvement (just by scrolling thru comments here) Thanks for your attention, demski I think quite a number of backers are keeping their pledge just 'hoping' that you will provide update for all of your 'consider', hope all of them will be concluded before the end of the compaign, this gives an option for all of us to decide whether to keep the pledge or not Is it possible that beam will be open for developers? Is it possible to connect multiple devices at one time to Beam, like phone for Netflix and Bluetooth speakers for sound? Does it connect to multiple Bluetooth devices or will it have to do wifi for one and Bluetooth for the other? I cat say I speak for a minority or a majority but I will back even if resolution stays as is. Now if you can up the resolution I def won't complain but not for increase cost. I think it's incredibly innovative and would be perfect for a room that is limited in size. I see that it has no HDMI input. Is this something you are considering to add before release? @creator just a heads up, and i think i speak for most: if the resolution specs aren't upgraded, i think a lot of us will back out. its just not worth it.. I figured you have two weeks to salvage as much backers as you can, might want to take advantage of that. Please update about resolution spec. @Creator With regards to shipping here in Singapore there is a $100 clearance fee as soon as you import more than $300 in goods. Is that covered already? Or I have to fork another $100 for this? Can I connect my wireless bluetooth headphones to beam? I asked the question 12 days ago, no answer yet Thanks @creator thx for the reply, so this feature will be included in the web interface as you mentioned in the last update? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. What version of android on Beam? Thx alots for all the update so far, plz keep up the good work. Additionally i am more interest to know more the way of integration as you stated in the deacription with any any devices we want, perhaps this will be clearer if you can share some features offered on the ios app/android app, eg, Beam is running on android, so the ios device can only be used to control the switching of on/off Beam? If i have an video streamig app that run only on ios, how can i leverage Beam to play the video? I also share the same sentiments with other backers and appreciate Creator's last comment post. I am on the fence. Great product idea. It's all in the execution. @Creator Thanks for the response. I understand that integrating smarts into the projector complicates the choice of hardware heaps, but for many backers it is likely to come down to whether or not it offers good enough resolution and luminance. Keep us posted. How is it more than a simple projector? Cause it shows the apps as well? Can't a projecter project apps as well? Don't want to be a Debby downer but the only extra feature I see is it turns into a lamp lol am I missing something? If it gave high res. And more than 100 lumens, could click on the screen, then I would says it more than an ordinary projector and we'll worth the price. But as of now I only see it as a low quality portable projector...that turns into a lamp lol @Creator: I - and I would imagine many other backers - would appreciate a more communicative attitude towards important issues raised; especially the ones related to resolution and brightness. I find Beamlab so far very passive on these matters and I second the people who are hesitant about remaining a backer of this project because of these unresolved issues. I urge you to clearly state what you will do about these well before the Kickstarter campaign ends. I am also worried about resolution and (to a slightly lesser extent) brightness. Without improved specs before end of Kickstarter campaign, I will have to drop out. ...Nope the footer and please upgrade your website to remove the footer, is still there. Hi @creator, a question: will it have digital keystone correction? also +1 to improve the specs. +1 to improve the specs. Any chance to add AC in the supported wifi protocol? B/G/N might stutter in wireless streaming. @creator I am still a bit worried about the resolution and brightness. I imagine I have to focus by moving the Beam back and forth from the projection screen. Is this correct? Also the 100 lumen is one of my concerns. I have been looking at buying a pico projector for a while but it exactly the value of 100 lumen that has been keeping me from buying the pico projector. Will you be improving this value? with kind regards, Erik from Belgium I just backed this project as I think it has amazing possibilities. I have 2 requests: 1. Please, please, please work on improving the specs of this thing before it ships. As others have pointed out, this is a VERY expensive product for the current resolution/brightness. 2. Don't F*@# your early backers by putting out a much better v2 as soon as v1 launches. We all believe in this product, which is why we are giving you money so that you can successfully bring it to market. If you can make the product better, do it! I'd even be willing to deal with a small delay in shipping if you can make v1 better. It is a total slap in the face when projects give early backers a mediocre v1 and then ship an amazing v2 shortly after. I am Backing out as well. So one $349 Founders Club Beam will be available. I backed out of a 369 tier if anyone wants it. To expensive for what I'm recieving in return. Great idea though. I also agree. I can't tell if the images used showing the projections are actual photographs, or if they're photoshopped simulations. I'm guessing they're simulations, they look awfully crisp, no pixelization on the projection. The three lighting demos posted are too small to discern projection quality. Concerned about that, as I want to see what the projector is actually capable of, not what it theoretically could look like. I get that the product is under development, and that these images may represent where it theoretically could end up at, but $350+ is a big commitment for something I'm not entirely sure what the projection quality will be. I completely agree with @demski. I requested they upload better resolution pictures of how images appear displayed on the wall and they conveniently didn't address my comment. If the resolution isn't up to par with items on the market today I'm afraid they'll see backers drop support, myself included. This is a much bigger issue than the developers are willing to admit. Please address this, thanks. I would like to add a +1 regarding higher resolution and more light than 100L. As Ressources increase by us backers it should be a point of consideration higher than different color versions of the device. I would vote it higher than rgb light control! Please +1 others who agree! Is the led lamp replaceable? Thanks I am telling everyone I know about Beam. I really want the RGB led goal, as I have HUE bulbs in all my lighting and this would be the icing on the cake! Let's hit $2,000,000 and knock this out of the park... Are you going to male the lighting adjustable for Beam (a dimmer?) somehow i will use this as an actual light source, and i dont want to have 100L all the time So basically Beam can only play off of things that have a Bluetooth or wifi, so no Apple TV and such? Is there some way to get iOS functionality Asa stretch goal? Can you connect it to a MacBook? Can this support HDMI? Can this support HDMI? I love the idea of having a projector like this without additional cables on walls or ceilings :-) Can you say anything about the noice it may produce. I would assume, that there would be no fan needed inside, but that is just an assumption. In the video, I love how they are laughing so hard at each other while playing solitaire. Hi. And what about the light source? Is the led lamp replaceable? Thanks Here's one for IFTTT: IF ADT Alarm (or any alarm) triggered THEN play video / sound with flashing police lights and sirens, saying police are on the way. The pictures you posted are REALLY small. Would you mind posting larger pictures so we can see just how crisp (or not) the images displayed are? It actually seems pretty pricey consider it's only 854x480 pixel resolution and 100 lumen...I was hoping it was like a HD 1080 2600 lumen projector. How's the " ... new footage as we speak and will upload it tomorrow to remove any doubt." coming along? :) Suggestion: add the possibility to connect Beam to a tripod. You can then use it as an actual light fixture standing somewhere in your room, next to the obvious use of it being a projector stand. Super excited. You guys should think about adding a gooseneck light fixture for this. Ie this <url>"The bayonet light bulb mount is the standard fitting in many former members of the British Empire including the United Kingdom, Australia, India, Ireland, and New Zealand, as well as parts of the Middle East and Africa (although not Canada, which primarily uses Edison screw sockets along with the United States and Mexico). The standard size is B22d-2, often referred to in the context of lighting as simply BC." [<url>"Hey Guys, i like the idea and the design of projector. Is there any plan to improve the performance (resolution / brightness / contrast?) of the projector since there are already android-based portable pico-projectors with better performance (300lm / 1280x720) available on the market. Greetings from Berlin" Looks super handy! My kid will love that! Good luck in getting funded! Hi Don, your name sounds kinda Dutch, can't you take mine in your briefcase ;-) Hey Guys, i like the idea and the design of projector. Is there any plan to improve the performance (resolution / brightness / contrast?) of the projector since there are already android-based portable pico-projectors with better performance (300lm / 1280x720) available on the market. Greetings from Berlin Dear creator could you please lower the outrageous international shipping costs? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.