Hello. Thanks for checking out my Kickstarter project. My hope would be to make these wall-mounted wooden bike racks & get them out to people that would appreciate them. This is a way of getting the clutter of bikes up & out of the way and displaying them on the wall like a piece of art or the trophies that they are. The racks screw into your wall with a toggle system that does not even need to hit a stud. I have had a few in my and friends’ apartments for 2 years, and they have been holding strong. I did a few for myself, but then my friends and everyone that saw them were asking for them. Making them is very time consuming because it is done with mostly small handheld/portable tools & at no charge to my friends. I would use the money from this project to buy tools so I can make them more quickly & efficiently. It would be so great to have accurate tools that actually cut at the degree they were supposed to cut at. I can do it very well now with my current tools, but it takes me a really long time. Also, I moved in with the girlfriend a few months ago and lost my wood shop. So, I have been working in the second bedroom next to the kitchen. I think it is pretty convenient being close to the kitchen, but she does not see it that way, so I was thinking of renting a garage spot. Plus, my time is very limited in there if the neighbors are home, due to noise. Shipping within the US is included in the reward prices on the right side of the page. Anyone outside the USA that is interested in ordering a bike rack, please be warned that additional shipping rates may apply. Please contact me, and I will check rates and be able to provide you with a more accurate shipping cost. For the t-shirt, please add ten dollars per order outside the US. Sorry. Website is coming soon. It will be trophyclubracks.com but until then you can check out pictures of racks and t-shirts at the website section at the bottom of this page through Facebook and Flickr or copy and paste these links. Facebook link below. Please "like" if you want to stay informed or keep touch <url>’t forget to tell your friends if you know someone who might be interested. Thanks again Eric Hello. Thank you so much for taking the time to check out my project and for the pledges if you have made one. I am posting this because there was some confusion about the reward pricing for the bike racks. This should make it easier than going back and forth to Flickr or Facebook. Here are pictures of different merchandise and racks with pricing written on them. Thanks again so much EP I am very happy to see you made it. Is there any type of tools you will be looking for? I hit a lot of garage sales and sometimes come across good deals. I also have a friend at work that buys mechanics and machines tools boxes when they retire and than parts them out on e-bay to sell them off . I know he has a lot of files and general tools left over that I might be able to get a good price on. E-mail me at <email> and/or you can call my cell at 815-540-6921. Best of luck to you. Steve HORVATH