Wired Design - "Steve Jobs was obsessed with one-button design. This is no-button design." Tech Crunch - "Why not show [your bike] you love her and, thanks to Blinksteady, put a ring on it." Pre-Order's are available post-campaign at www.BlinkSteady.com --- Update: Now available for 31.6 to 30.8 Seat-tubes, and with Torx Screws! See more on the updates page... Easy, Secure, Beautiful. Machined from solid aluminum, the Blink/Steady bike light turns on automatically and shuts off when you're not riding. There’s no need to remove it when you lock up because it’s secured by your seatpost. Our elegant, low-profile design is the bike light you've been waiting for - please help us make one for you! On and off - on its own. The Blink / Steady bike light uses an accelerometer that knows when you're moving, and a light sensor that knows when it's dark enough to turn on. After you lock up your bike, it turns off after 30 seconds. No buttons, you'll never have to think about your bike light again. Blinking or Steady. No more clicking through blink patterns because Blink / Steady has two dead simple, but equally effective options. Blink / Steady operates in Blink Mode if installed one way; flip it over and it works in Steady Mode, holding a bright, but evenly distributed light. Using its accelerometer, it knows which way is down. Beautiful and Incredibly well made in the USA. Every part of the Blink / Steady bike light will be made in the USA. Our own CNC shop in Brooklyn will machine all of the aluminum parts and we'll work with American suppliers, finishers and injection molders for all the other components. Keeping it local gives us greater control over production, which ensures incredible attention to detail and finish for your new light. Hard to steal. Other anti theft bike lights are heavy and bulky. Ours is low-profile, beautiful and hard to steal. Just slide it over your seatpost, lock it down with the soft-tip set screw and re-install your seatpost. All with just a 2mm allen wrench (included). And now with a Torx screw option! AAA batteries and efficiency. In our tests, the Blink / Steady bike light lasted for over 200 hours of continuous run time! Even with our motion and light sensors, the light still runs twice as long as other leading bike lights. When you eventually need to change the batteries, just find two AAAs at your nearest corner store. Details: Distributed light pattern. Most bike lights use reflectors or optics to concentrate their LED's light into a narrow beam. This is great for being seen from very far away but it's not necessarily what you want for riding in the city. A narrow beam also means your light must be oriented precisely to be properly seen. Blink / Steady emits a very bright but distributed light from its two .5W LEDs that is visible from nearly 180 degrees. Other lights might look brighter from a mile away, but Blink / Steady will make sure that you are visible by the car about to run you off the road from two lanes over. Sensors. The Accelerometer and the Photosensor work together to figure out when the bike is moving and when it's dark enough to turn on. Through extensive testing, we've created a lighting system that won't be fooled by headlights or accidentally turn off at a traffic signal. The sensors and processor spend most of their time in an incredibly low power sleep mode and won't needlessly drain your battery. Small, Secure, and Waterproof. Blink / Steady is small, not much bigger than the two AAA batteries inside of it. The bracket is made from the smallest possible amount of material and deforms to grip your seatpost when tightened. The nylon tipped setscrew won't mark your seatpost (even if it's carbon) and the clamp won't loosen up from vibration. Blink / Steady fits most common seatposts in two sizes: 30.8 to 31.6 and 27.2mm down to 25mm diameter. A Lexan window in the rear and an o-ring between the bracket and housing keep water out. Hello everyone! It's been a while since our last update. We've been madly shipping lights out and I'm pleased to announce that all the lights are now out the door! Well, nearly. If you were very late in responding to our survey, or had size selection issues and haven't been in touch, your lights are either shipping today or later this week. There are about 30 of you left. Thank you all so much for all your patience and support. This has really been a great time. Battery Funny Business: We have discovered a small issue with the boards that most of you will probably never experience. Brand new batteries, at least the ones we're shipping, start out at 3.2 volts total. This is a little high for our board and for the first minute, some of the boards behave funny until the battery voltage gets down to 3. This doesn't damage anything and only takes literally a minute or two to go away. If you experience this weirdness, you can be assured that it goes away on it's own very quickly. What the future holds: We're already well into production on our second batch, this time with some minor software upgrades and some tweaks to the machined components. The second time around is running a lot smoother now that we've done everything once, and the guys we've hired to help us really are moving fast. Pre-orders from the website ship this week and soon after lights will be on sale. We're in the early stages of developing a front light, so keep an eye out. FEEDBACK! We'd love to hear from you if you got your light and how it's working out! Better yet send us a pic of the light on your bike! Keep in Touch: Are you friends with us on Facebook? Do you follow us on twitter? How will you know when we make another awesome light? FB: www.facebook.com/blinksteady Twitter: www.twitter.com/blinksteady Instagram: blinksteady PS - We've started experimenting with some cold weather conditions. The below pic is a light fresh from a bath of liquid nitrogen (-200deg F). Still works! (After the batteries warmed back up a bit). The time has come kickstarters! Thank you all so VERY much for your support of our project. This has been an amazing experience and we're so thankful for your early confidence. We are pleased to announce that the first production lights are ready to ship! Though we are still assembling the final products, as they are finished we'll be shipping in batches of around 100. There are lots of variations in the lights and so our batches are going out in batches of light style . The first batch to ship will be black anodized lights with the small clamp and 2mm allen bolts. They are boxed and ready to go out the door on Tuesday. Assembly is going quickly (we've hired some amazing helpers) and so batches will be shipping every couple of days. Launch Party: September 9th. 8pm. 544 Park Ave, Suite 3D (follow the signs). In Brooklyn. G train to Myrtle - Willoughby RSVP to <email> so we have an idea of who is coming. Ride your bike and bring it in for "Factory Installation Service" There will be libations and demonstrations of the CNC Fabrication Process, and probably Ice Cream made with Liquid Nitrogen. Getting Started. Each light comes with an 2mm Allen wrench, or a 2mm Allen wrench AND a 2mm Torx wrench - both in a small envelope in the bottom of the box. When you go to install your light, remove the clamp from the back of the light using the provided wrench. You'll notice two things in the back of the housing: a small white ribbon and a small blue plastic tab. Pulling gently on the white ribbon removes the entire circuit-board and battery assembly from the back of the housing. This is how you will change the batteries. Remove the blue plastic tab from between the battery and the battery contact. Now your light is on! When the light powers up for the very first time, it has to initialize and may behave a little strange for a few minutes. This is normal. Now you can install your light on your bike! After the clamp is installed on your seatpost and locked down with the set-screw, push the housing gently back on the clamp. The rubber seal is necessarily small and should be treated with care. The screws holding the housing to the clamp do not need to be super-tight for a nice seal, so don't overtighten them. We don't have an official warranty policy in place, but if you ever have any problems with your light, write to us and we'll do our darndest to fix the problem. All your lights have been tested before shipping and should operate perfectly. WARNING: Your seatpost has suddenly become a lot more valuable! If you routinely lock your bike in an urban area you should take care to secure your seatpost to your bike. There are some options for sale on our website to do so, but there are lots of great products and techniques out there as well. One of our favorites involves replacing your stainless hex screw with a zinc plated steel one, and placing a spherical neodymium magnet in the socket. It takes another magnet to get it out! A Cool Feature we didn't tell you about! When the light is running, if you place your hand 1/2 inch from the face of the light it will turn off. This is an intuitive way to shut off your light intentionally when you lock it up if you don't feel like waiting for it to shut off automatically. Don't Disappear! We're working on new products so keep in touch on our mailing list here to find out when they are available. You can probably guess at some of them but some may surprise you! Please enjoy. I hope you enjoy your new lights. They really came out very nice. And thanks again for everything. We'll keep posting updates when each batch ships out. If you want to share a picture of yourself and your bike and your new blinksteady light when you get them, please send them along! Sincerely Ben, Mark and Stuart. The housings are back from laser etching and I thought you'd all like to see some more final-ish parts. These were tests for the laser etching and the logos are backwards. Whoops. Everything else is perfect. There are more pictures at www.Blinksteady.com Keeping all the assembly in house and local is really paying off. Of course we're still waiting on vendors for ONE LAST PART, but this won't be a problem in the future. We have complete control over the quality and it's been really great designing jigs and fixtures for production. All the Circuit boards are programmed and the clamps are assembled. We had 99.7% yield on our circuit boards from the manufacturer; that's pretty good! I am sure this is because we are working with a good shop in California and not going direct to an overseas PCB manufacturer. Their quality control was great. Just two baddies that refused to program. You can see our programming set up below. Also, we decided to do the thermoforming ourselves and are getting really nice parts. We spent hours building an amazing vacuum former and we spent days testing it, but when it came to do the run it only took 2hrs to make 1000 parts. Stuart machined the punch for the windows and it's working great! We finished almost all the windows yesterday and they fit perfectly in the housings. As soon as we receive our window gaskets (the final piece of the puzzle) we will finish assembly and ship in just a couple of days. We're expected the gaskets next week, which is longer than we were quoted. We'll announce a launch-party date as soon as those gaskets are in! Hello again! We are cruising along on production here at the bike light factory. I'm sorry to report that we are behind schedule for shipping in July, but we are moving forward quickly and I expect a ship date in the next couple of weeks. All the parts came back from anodizing and look great. The housings are now at the laser engraver and we are getting them back next week. The circuit boards have arrived and...we'll get to that in a second. ANOTHER GREAT REVIEW Kris in Seattle has written up another great product review of his test with one of our Beta Prototypes. www.rhodeskc.tumblr.com Favorite Quote: "I did hit it with a direct blast from the hose once or twice to see whether that would penetrate, and it did not. Pressure washer, not so sure, but let’s just say that my bottom bracket got toasted but the BlinkSteady did not. So +1 point to BlinkSteady there. This is Seattle Approved." SHIPPING My expectation for shipping is the week of August 20th. We'll be shipping in two batches, one for all the kickstarter rewards, and the next batch for the pre-orders from the webstore. The world is out of stock of the LED's we want, so we have to wait until after August 20th for the second batch. Once we get those boards in however, we should be able to ship very quickly. HILARIOUS ERRORS: An explanation. We have enjoyed working with our PCB manufacturer. They mostly do a great job. The PCB manufacturer is located in California, and we send them our designs and they send us back boards. They are making two boards for us and we program them and solder them together here in our shop. In Cali, they buy all the components and LED's we want and solder them to the circuit boards. However, they buy the actual plastic boards, with screenprinting on them already, from a company in - you guessed it - China. The result is that although the boards work great, some of our aesthetic decisions do not get noticed, and some of our revisions get overlooked. The result with this last run of boards is this: Do you see the error? One of our boards says "made in china" and the other says "made in the USA". These types of errors are why try to work only with vendors in the US, and after this run we will be insisting on our PCB vendor not use a Chinese shop for our board printing. So, even though we are fabricating most of these parts ourselves, and working only with US vendors, we still can't escape the ubiquity of Chinese parts. The first 500 boards off the assembly line will have these markings. Sorry guys, but we have to take them because of the delays in getting LED's. We'd prefer to just get these out the door. They still look and work great. The next run of boards will not include the Made in China bit and also won't have all the components labeled on the front. More next week. We'll show you the assembly line. Stay tuned and thanks again for all your support! Ben HELLO ALL! There have been many requests for an update so here we go. I've been out of town but got back yesterday. Below is a photo of our final prototypes, with some etching and the final, black circuit boards. They're looking good! For starters, check out a great review by one of our Beta Testers here. <url>"only" $250, but I will not be treated as you are treating me. My light is not stuck in customs, as you are trying to imply. It was shipped using a USPS method which is intended for a letter, not a package, and as such, was returned to sender by Emirates Post. Ben, if you look at my profile, <url>´s test it! Received mine today, 10th october. Woryh the wait: it is beautiful! Got mines yesterday on Monday 08th/Oct/2012 in Austria/Europe... It was declaired as a gift and worth just 10$ - so it was toll free... good idea to declare it that way! [in Austria you pay toll at approximately 65€ ~ 85$ worth of the product including sending costs; and you would pay another 12,5€ ~ 16,3$ for the Austrian Post to thrust out the toll -- quite expensive non "EU"-post ;-) ] thanks. already shared a picture at flickr (<url>"...when we're ready to ship the final product, you'll be the first to get one." I guess not really, though, If mine will be among the last to ship. What exactly did I do this beta thing for? Got mine yesterday,excellent job guys, just in time too for the early morning rides 10 days since the update that shipping was started. Can we get some feedback about where we are in the process? Has everything shipped? Got mine today, they really came out nice, Looking forward to going for a ride. Nice job guys. Received my light this weekend. Haven't had the chance to give it a try yet. Just letting folks know about delivery. Congratulatoons on shipping! I can not wait to receive mine :) I was wondering, can the proximity sensor shut off be used as a lock out of sorts when transporting a bike by car/bus/ etc? In May it was hinted that a solution to keeping the light off while mounted on a moving car was being worked on; now that we're fully in shipping, was anything implemented? Received the newly shipped beta light today. No idea where the original went, but the new one is here, looks great, and works perfect. Thanks, Ben. The correct size is 27.2, should have put that in there.. Hey, I got a request for more information some time back and at the time I didnt know the size of the bike's seat post. I'd like to update that now, where do I go? Well, we're through July. I hope to see a good update regarding shipping of the final products... I received an email from the guys at blink steady this morning, which confirmed they intend to replace the missing beta light they mailed over 6 weeks ago now. I'm still not happy with their response time, but at least they are not ignoring it any more. I still have not received racking data for either the new or the original light. I'm looking forward to seeing the actual product... Since I've posted all the negative stuff wit them, it only seems fair to post when I get a positive response as well. Once again, I was promised tracking information for my beta light, and it has not been forthcoming. It shipped 6 weeks ago, but I have not received it, and you are not very interested in helping to sort out the issue. Really, really disappointing. Please contact me with tracking information, as soon as possible. For the record, it's been a week since you promised the tracking information to me "tomorrow", and neither of my emails have received any response since. Apparently, I'm one of the international Beta testers that haven't received my light. Doesn't explain why I can't get them to reply to a message, though. And that 5 week delay would go easier, if I knew the product was shipped, and if they didn't ignore us in the mean time. I asked for tracking info, and can't even get a reply message. What is going on here? Could you please send us some news? Last one was a month ago and it seems that not even the beta ones were delivered... @David, they're not real good at communication... Last we heard, beta lights should have shipped 4 weeks ago. But they haven't. And we should be seeing complete ship out in less than 10 days. I've sent several messages, with no response. I'm starting to wonder if this is real. Sent in my survey, as of now I have not received any communication. Whats up? Are we on track for the end of July delivery? It's halfway through the month, and I've not seen a hint of my "beta" "We'll ship as soon as we're funded" set. What's going on? A bit of communication would be nice. just got a saddle bag which blocks out the entire seatpost of my bike, so I can either mount the light or the bag :( how about a saddle rail mount? something like what cateye has <url>"both" option? Or will I be able to purchase another seat post adapter separately after the kickstarter? When you ship them, will a tracking number be possible? Any word on shipping for the prototypes? will a lockout switch on the inside be too hard to get to considering you need a 2mm allen to open it? how well could the accelerometer detect lateral movement when a car is cruising at a steady speed? if it's possible, that would be amazing. Great light! Can't the accelerometer be used to determine whether the bike is moving forward, vs being on a car? I would like to increase my pledge to include 1 more light. Can you please tell me how I can do this? Thanks. I just backed this project but forgot to select my colour choice.. How do I now make this selection. Please help.. Blink, Do you need my seat post size? and I didn't see where to choose the finish. Thx. Hello, i would like to ask the same questions as "Henry Madej"... do you know the lumens produced by the light (ANSI Lumen or OTF...)? i allready know that the led will die after me so i'm more concerned about the light power ;) How is the visibility in fog? What longevity can we expect out of the LEDs used? Is there any warranty with this device, and will it be possible to buy replacement boards? Will the light be on while I'm carrying my bike in my car, driving? Any way to turn it off? I'm glad you go your money. Our just finished successful recently. I can't wait to get this lite! Also 2mm hex head bolts are likely to round out within a couple of uses. Is there any possibility of using slightly larger ones? Is it possible for these lights to incorporate a test battery switch so that it is possible to check whether the batteries are still good before out riding in the dark? If I say wanted to get three lights how could I go about making my pledge reflect that? This looks great, especially with the added security Torx option. (Although I will STILL probably inject silicone into the heads :D ) +1 for security allen bolt as descibed by Skylar Great looking light! Would you consider switching out the screws to something non-standard for added security? I, like many people, carry a multi-tool when I bike, thus I always have a 2mm allen on hand. A less common tool would strengthen one of the key selling points of the product - security. Maybe you could offer this as a "high-security" sponsor option that adds the 2 screws w/ tool? It's less likely that other BlinkSteady owners would steal from each other than anyone w/ a 2mm allen in their backpack. This is absolutely brilliant! Any plans for a similarly good quality head light for bikes? Good idea guys, this projects is simply the highest quality light for a bike I've could ever imagined.