IT'S ABOUT A BEACH BUM, whose quiet life is upended by dreadful news. He sets off for his childhood home to carry out an act of vengeance but proves an inept assassin and finds himself in a brutal fight to protect his estranged family. OUR 'CAUSE'? Just a great story. We greatly appreciate your support, but we're no more deserving than any other artists on Kickstarter. We hope you'll pitch in simply because you want to see our film... ...BUT THERE'S A TWIST. And we don't want to give it away by outlining the entire plot of our film. Like all those evil Hollywood trailers... This IS NOT A TRAILER, but it's a darn cool BLUE RUIN CAMERA TEST! (music courtesy of Wye Oak) WE PROMISE ACTION! GORE! LAUGHS! And with your help, we'll even crash a stretch limousine into a ditch! But at our story's core, and what will set this film apart from standard genre fare, is a deeply human story about a haunted man confronting his past and the fleeting moments he shares with his big sister before hurtling towards a nightmarish fate. WHAT WE'RE ASKING FOR: The absolute bare minimum we need to make this film a reality. As for ourselves, we're going all-in. Maxing out credit cards, refinancing homes and cashing in retirement accounts. But we need $35K-$50K in cash to cover expenses we can't swipe, barter for, or defer. WHO'S ASKING? FILMSCIENCE, the award-winning producers of critically acclaimed art house films (Wendy and Lucy, Meek's Cutoff), is teaming up with Jeremy Saulnier, helmer of the genre collective THE LAB OF MADNESS (Murder Party) and respected indie cinematographer (Hamilton, Putty Hill, Septien), to bridge the gap between cerebral cinema and gut-punch exploitation! DIRECTOR'S STATEMENT BLUE RUIN is an engaging procedural account of a violent act and its aftermath. It'll have the depth of an intimate character study and the velocity of an action flick. Amidst tragedy, subtle moments of humor and hope will shine through. Like plucking a character from a Hal Ashby film and tossing them into No Country for Old Men. Or if Wendy and Lucy got caught in the crossfire of Taxi Driver. The violence portrayed in the film is brutal and graphic. It is by no means glorified and its futility resonates as a major theme throughout the story. But it would be disingenuous of me to pretend I wasn’t attracted to cinematic bloodshed. It’s an art form unto itself, visually arresting and universally compelling. If you were expecting something more profound, I offer you this truth: the screenplay is a deeply personal exploration of parental mortality and the emotional toll it takes on surviving family members. But heartfelt motivations should not be of concern to you or to my audience; such things don’t make it to the big screen. Stories need to stand on their own. So do directors. I’m hands-on. I’ve led large crews on commercial sets, I’ve shot award-winning films on shoestring budgets, I’ve sculpted prosthetic makeup appliances and trained dogs to perform stunts. What I’ve never done is use my broad skill set to realize something great. To that end, I humbly ask for your support. Put your faith in my team and we will come through. I’ll happily stake my career on it. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!! PSSSST! Why support creativity when you could EXPLOIT IT? FOR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES, CONTACT US. THE OFFICIAL TRAILER HAS ARRIVED! <url>"mini-preview" of sorts in an upcoming update and, in the meantime, I wish you all nothing but the best. I can't thank you all enough. Onward, Jeremy Friends — We thought it appropriate to send this update on a Wednesday, as we are now--thanks entirely to you generous folks!--over halfway to our funded goal. That’s amazing progress and frankly we are at a loss as to how we can keep this up. There’s still a ways to go to reach $35K by August 30th, and while we don't want to count our chickens before they hatch, we're plowing ahead with pre-production. ("If you will it, it is no dream." – Walter Sobchak) ("Also, you'll need a s**t ton of cash from your friends." – Jeremy Saulnier) Progress Report : I went to Boston last week to shoot what might very well be my last corporate video gig of the year— exactly 100% of my earnings are going directly into the budget! (My lovely wife Skei is deliiiighted by this.) Seven months in, Macon's ‘beach bum’ beard is still a nasty mess and getting longer every day. A pygmy bat has recently taken up residence in the bottommost portion. Alarming, at first, but now a source of comfort. We’ve locked a preliminary shooting schedule. Casting is going well and we are seeing some flat-out amazing auditions from many fantastic actors. We shot ambient footage on the Delaware shore this weekend (we hope to share some with you next update!). Test tracks for the score have been written. Locations are being secured. The train is most definitely in motion… To celebrate, we’re adding a few new rewards : For $300, we are offering LIMITED EDITION BLUE RUIN PRINTS BY WORLD-RENOWNED COMIC BOOK SUPERSTAR FRANCESCO FRANCAVILLA! Whether you’re a fan of Francesco’s work on Mark of Zorro , Swamp Thing , Scalped , Sorrow , Black Beetle (or about a million other amazing books) or just dig quality pop art in general, this is a fun one. Check out his work: <url>’ve convinced our Blue Ruin tech consultant and resident craftsman Bill Blair to artistically customize another Stratocaster electric six-sting in the “beach noir” style of the film. And while he’s at it… For $250, we are offering a TENOR FOUR-STRING BLUE RUIN ELECTRIC GUITAR. Imagine a ukulele and a Les Paul mashed together for a heavy metal show and then hand crafted in the style of the movie. And of course, all the previous rewards are still in place. Your support means so much to me, and to everyone working on the movie, and we are energized to bring you the best movie we possibly can in recognition of that. If you will, please post the Kickstarter link, leave us comments, all that fun stuff: exposure over the various social medias has gotten us this far and, with a little bit of help, we believe it can take us the rest of the way. Thank you all again, and be well. Okay. Back to storyboarding, now. -Jeremy Daniel! Very happy you enjoyed the film. Sorry to hear about your DVD troubles. I'm a bit scattered now, trying to prepare my latest film for it's upcoming premiere, but I want to help! Do you have Paypal? I'd be happy to reimburse you for a non region locked DVD. I hope you understand the very modest roots of our film and that the DVDs were manufactured by our US distributor. Our campaign was to solicit support for our art, which turned into commerce- we certainly tried our best but will never hold a candle to Amazon.com! Let me know and I'll try to remedy this- but please be patient as I'm off to the sound mix and I've got a thousand things to finish! Ryan! Guitars are going out this week, too, with the rest of the stuff. (They will be packaged separately, however.) Apologies, Glenn! Had some trouble with the t-shirt delivery, but your things are en route to you now! David, You are a true gentleman. There is absolutely no need at all to apologize but, since you did, we want you to know there are no hard feelings whatsoever. Hugs and high fives: we're all good. This has been a great learning experience for us and, if we could do it all over again, we would account for the (slim, so very slim) possibility that we might win "The Indie Movie Lottery" and have a full year unexpectedly dominated by promotion, travel, contracts, negotiations, and the seemingly endless technical finishing work. If we could have anticipated what was in store for the movie, we would have adjusted our rewards schedule accordingly and given you a more accurate idea of what to expect. But since we didn't know what was in store, and since our rewards schedule did get blasted to pieces, we sincerely appreciate your understanding and patience. And we mean that for every single one of our Kickstarter supporters. Posters and t-shirts and comic books aside, we hope that the real reward for our supporters is feeling like you bet on a winning horse and, even more importantly, that you enjoy the movie when you see it. Whether you gave $5 or $35 or $100, you are a part of this movie's (surreal and even embarrassing) success. If you got a little miffed because the rewards were delayed, we totally understand that and we apologize again but, ironically, it was your initial faith in this project that helped to shape that success, which temporarily diverted the delivery of the rewards! *cue 'Circle of Life' from The Lion King* Thank you again for everything, David and everyone else who may be reading this. We are forever grateful to you, we hope you enjoy the rewards as they begin to arrive, and we hope that you feel proud when you see the movie's end credits start to scroll. best, Jeremy & The BR Team Thanks for the kind words! Our short term goal is to raise $35K to make this film a reality- our long term goal is to do y'all proud! - Jeremy Fair enough. I must admit I did not expect a reply, so kudos for that. I'll send my paypal address through the message system. thanks for hearing me out and best of luck. finally got the time to watch the dvd. Great movie, but there was one thing that, in all honesty, totally pissed me off: The DVD itself. Why, oh why, is it region locked? I had to spend one of the limited region changes on my laptop just to be able to watch the movie (which will become 2 changes when I revert it back to my own region). Not only is this extremely limiting for my ability to actually watch the movie in the future, but I find it somewhat arrogant to send us-locked dvd's to 'international' backers. It actually made that I will never again support a kickstarter for a movie in the future, since I know now that I might risk getting sent movies from a different region if I do. Totally disapointed in your handling of the dvd itself, despite the movie being good. Got the Tshirt, poster and book in a giant triangular box reminiscent of a huge Toblerone! Thanks! Awesome! I can't wait. Thanks Jeremy! Heh, don't send them with United :) (they are not going to live that youtube down) <url>"suggested" with an undue level of arrogance that "you'd better make this up to the backers in some way." "After all," I thought "I've helped this project succeed and I'm ENTITLED to the reward I was promised!" I was upset. So why am I posting this seven months later? Recently, another company I backed on kickstarter was bought out for $2 billion dollars - and I was happy for them. This was great! They could now build the product they'd dreamed of building and ship it to begin a technological revolution that would mark the 21st century in the history books! "But... why are so many people angry about this?" I wondered. "Isn't this what we wanted? For the company to succeed beyond our wildest dreams? It's not like we *OWN* a part of their success, they did all the work after all and we got the products we paid for. We don't have any claim on the soul of their vision, we're just along for the ride." And it was in that moment that my mind reminded me (with the strength of a hammer blow) of a strain of hypocrisy within me. Hadn't I done the exact same thing with Blue Ruin? Yes, I had. In the moment of someone else's pinnacle of success I decided to remind them that they *OWED* me a part of that identity - because I chipped in a measly $35 bucks. The shame of that realisation made my stomach drop with regret that I could have said something so stupid - and worse that someone might take what I said seriously. I lost sight of what a pledge means. It is a vote of confidence, a gift to a dreamer ready and willing to make it real and not a receipt claim-check on the rewards they reap. I made that blunder publicly, so publicly I say: I am sorry - I did a very foolish and selfish thing. Perhaps you think I'm over-reacting, perhaps you'll never even see this message and perhaps if you do it will mean nothing to you - but regardless of that in the space of seven months I have grown acutely more aware of how rare it is for us to find our Icarus moments and how wonderful it should be to live in those tiny moments of joy. Never again in my life do I want to even attempt to rob someone of that fulfilment and I think that today the realisation of my hubris has ensured that. Sincerely, David. Where's my junk? Drag Macon out of his cave and have him sign a hammer or something for me. Really looking forward to seeing this at Art House Convergence :) So, any updates post-TWC purchase? "Jeremy Saulnier’s Blue Rain has won the FIPRESCI (International Federation of Film Critics) prize for sidebars in Cannes." ...... I read this today ... CONGRATULATIONS Jeremy!!! Good job going to Cannes, but I came here to share this bit of serendipity: <url>