Initial Goal Reached! Stretch Goal Announcement! If we can reach $88K, we will give each backer who has pledged for a BOLT an international charging kit. This kit will include a US to EU adapter, a US to AUS adapter, a US to UK adapter, and a carrying pouch. We will also be offering a universal charging cable as a fourth cable option. This universal cable will work with Micro USB, Apple Lightning, and Apple 30-pin devices. It's also PORTABLE and works with ANY device that charges via USB Our Story Mobile technology is something we have always been passionate about, especially when it’s streamlined and innovative. As the speed of our gadgets increases, there is one component that has seemed to flat line. Battery life. There are portable batteries on the market, but none of them meet our expectations. To remedy this, we set out to create something smart, simple, and accessible to consumers. At one point in time we've all looked at our phones/devices and realized "It's about to die, I need to charge my phone." Existing portable batteries on the market are typically geared for emergency charging. This means that they are either too big to be practical or they don’t hold enough charge to be useful everyday. Another issue we’ve found is that most of these batteries can only be charged via USB and that can be a hassle. You’ll need to bring around a USB wall adapter or hunt down a USB port, potentially draining your laptop battery just to recharge your backup. This inconvenient method of keeping smart phones and other devices charged inspired the creation of Bolt. We’re strong believers of packing light, especially if you’re always on the go, and being prepared for life’s daily challenges. We don’t have time for the aggravation of being disconnected from the world due to a dead battery. Having a low/dead battery on an unpredictable day can be a real pain, so we wanted to create a charger that reflects our lifestyle. Bolt’s minimalistic design is used to cut out the clutter while providing a dependable charge when you need it. What is it? Bolt is the world's smallest portable USB wall charger combined with a built in 3000mAh rechargeable battery that will charge your mobile device, anywhere. Design Philosophy Our passion for simplicity led us to create a sleek and compact form factor. We set out to design a battery backup with a built in wall charger that is the smallest of its kind, yet still has enough power to withstand every day life. Each one of these aspects could not be compromised. We needed a device that was small enough to put in your pocket that could still provide more than one charge for your phone and effortlessly be recharged. Bolt can provide you with convenience and peace of mind by eliminating the worry of a low battery or dead device. The wall prongs can be conveniently folded into the body when not in use Works with smartphones, tablets, ereaders, mp3 players and much more! Why Choose Bolt? Unlike other portable batteries, we built Bolt from the ground up to be a true grab and go solution. The built in wall charger allows you to charge the internal battery while you're charging your mobile device. There's no need to remember if you charged it. Bolt comes in at the third of the size and twice the capacity of our competitors, and it's even about $20 cheaper. *Please note that all live images of Bolt are of the second prototype. The final version will have a smooth rubberized finish and different colorways. Since we selected the first two colors, we wanted to give our backers the opportunity to participate in the creation of the third color. Shortly after funding, backers will receive a survey that offers the option to vote for a custom color. Then we will tally the results and announce the third color. Specifications Dimensions 70mm x 34mm x 28mm (2.75" x 1.33" x 1.10") Samsung 3000mAh battery that's good for up to two charges with most smartphones CE, RoHS, and FCC Certifiable 90-240v supported for international use Output: 5v/1A Available in three colors: Stealth, Graphite, and you choose the third. Smooth rubberized finish in three color options Four blue battery indicator LEDs One green status LED Subtle chamfered edges add to the sleek design Here's a quick comparison shot with an energy shot, an iPad charger, and a dollar bill. Design Process Welcome to the lab We started out by using the standard iPhone wall charger due to its simplicity and ended up with our first design: This design didn't allow for the battery capacity we desired, so we went back to the drawing board and scoured the net for a battery that would meet our expectations. We ended up going with a 3000mAh battery and redesigned the casing. This design was an incremental step in the right direction, so we sent it out for rapid prototyping. After finally being able to hold the device we were underwhelmed. Something didn't feel right, but we knew we were on the right track. This led us to our current design. With our design finalized we took it back to rapid prototyping. Success! Don't worry about the rough texture. It will be gone once we have the design sent out for tooling and our final mold is created. Here's a shot of the internals doing what they do best. Here is where we're at. We have a fully functioning circuit, but need to finalize the PCB design to allow it to fit perfectly within our casing. Since our current casing is a rapid prototype, it has a rough finish. Our final product will have a mold created and the device will be coated with a smooth rubberized finish that will be available in three colors. We're also adding LED indicators that will provide the user with the battery level and charging status. Manufacturing Plan Once funding has been reached we'll pick up the phone and contact our manufacturer to get started with tooling, mold creation, and our finalized PCB design that will specifically fit our dimensions. From there we will have the first few finalized prototypes in hand in about a month. After approval of the final product we will give the manufacturer the OK to start mass production. During this time we will be completing our product packaging, send out the survey for the third color, take orders for your choice of charging cable, and collect t-shirt sizes. We'll even start printing shipping labels, so when the products arrive we can ship them out as fast as possible. Detailed Production Schedule Funding complete (July 2013) Deposit will be made to our manufacturer (July 2013) Produce final CAD model of the mold (July 2013) Produce final PCB design (July 2013) Packaging design (August 2013) Manufacturer to produce the first finalized prototype (August 2013) Finalized product testing and revisions(September 2013) Manufacturer to mass produce Bolt (September 2013) Manufacturer ships completed products to us (October 2013) We ship Bolts to backers (October 2013) Detailed Creator/Backer Schedule We answer your questions during funding (June 2013) Funding complete (July 2013) We organize, create, and send out surveys for charging cables, t-shirt sizes, and bolt color choices (July 2013) We get t-shirts created and will ship them out (August 2013) We compile a list of shipping addresses and print out labels (September 2013) We ship bolts to backers (October 2013) Who We Are Alan and Justin are two long-time friends and tech enthusiasts. They’ve been working on various tech projects together since middle school. Justin holds a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Engineering with over 10 years of industry experience and Alan is a well-traveled California State University Long Beach graduate with extensive experience in international business, marketing, and research and development. We know we have what it takes to make Bolt a reality. Thank You! We want to thank each and everyone of you for checking out our project! Like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/fluxmob Here's a sample of the T-Shirt design FAQ Q. What devices can Bolt charge? A. Bolt will charge any device that charges via USB: smartphones, tablets, mp3 players, most point and shoot cameras, rugged video cameras such as GoPro, eReaders, Bluetooth devices and much more. Q. How does it work? A. Once charged, simply plug Bolt into the desired device and the charging will begin. Q. Can I use Bolt anywhere? A. Yes! Bolt is designed for every day carry and can be used anywhere. Q. How will Bolt connect to my device? A. Each Bolt charger will come with a cable of your choice, you'll have the option of choosing the right cable for your device. Q. How many times can Bolt charge my device? A. With battery chargers there is always some loss when transferring charge from the battery to your device, so you may not get two complete charges depending on the device you use. Q. How long will Bolt last? A. We have been quoted by numerous suppliers that the battery will withstand a minimum of 500 cycles, after 500 cycles the battery may hold less than 75% of its original capacity. This is typical with any product that uses a lithium ion battery. Q. Will we make different versions to support international sockets? A. We will not be offering additional versions during this campaign but it's something we'd like to explore in the future. BOLT does support 110-240v so it will still be usable with a simple plug adapter. Q. Will BOLT work with varying voltages? A. Yes. BOLT can handle 110-240v. Q. Is the BOLT rechargeable battery replaceable? A. Unfortunately the rechargeable battery is not replaceable, but it is a high quality battery that's good for about 500 cycles. Q. What is the charger output? A. The output we are using is 5v / 1A in order to make the device as small as possible. Hello Backers! We're back on Kickstarter with our latest project. Check it out and let us know your thoughts. We'll be back again with another cool FLUXMOB project in the very near future. Stay tuned! REFYNE - P1: The First Modular Titanium EDC Penlight The P1 is a bold, modular design that reduces the amount you carry by combining two commonly used items, a pen and flashlight, into a single functional and innovative package. Grade 5 Titanium Body Super bright 130 lumen flashlight Magnetic quick release light Removable/Rechargeable 10180 lithium Ion Battery LAMY M22 pen refill Introducing BOLT² We'd like to offer our original and AWESOME backers the chance to be one of the first to back our latest Kickstarter project! As a direct result of your feedback we were able to incorporate the features that you wanted most. We DOUBLED the capacity to 6000mAh and added a SECOND USB port but most importantly, MORE THAN DOUBLED the output to 2.4A. This means that you now have the ability to charge your phones and tablets up to 4x faster than a regular USB port! We were able to do all of this doubling while keeping the size down to LESS THAN DOUBLE our original. The first 400 backers can pledge to receive a BOLT² for only $35! Click the link below and head on over to our kickstarter page now! BOLT² on Kickstarter Backers, We've shipped out almost 1800 BOLTs to over 40 countries in just 5 days! It was a ton of work, but we couldn't be happier to get these awesome little chargers to all of our backers. Again, we can't thank you all enough for making this project a success. We'd like to take the rest of this update to answer some of the common questions we've been getting. My Tracking Number says "NOT FOUND" What's up? When we print out a label the tracking number is generated instantaneously and an email is sent out. This doesn't mean that the package has been received and processed by the post office yet. Give it a couple of business days, and you should see an update. If you have not received a tracking notification yet, please contact us at <email>. My BOLT charges when on the wall, but not when I unplug it. To start charging your device follow these handy steps: 1. Plug your device into BOLT 2. Hold the button down for about 3 seconds 3. The green light should turn on and charging will start We even have a quick video clip we posted on our FB page: How to Start Charging My iPad Says "Not Charging" When BOLT is Plugged In BOLT output is at 1A, so it will perform a slower charge on the iPad. The "Not Charging" message is displayed because the iPad is technically using more power than it's taking in at that time. To charge your iPad simply turn off the screen and the battery will charge. When using a shorter cable (such as our 3-in-1) The message probably won't be displayed, but it's still recommended to turn off the iPad screen to get the most possible charge for your iPad. My Lightning Cable or 3-in-1 Displays a Message on My Phone: "This cable or accessory is not certified…" The message may appear, however, that does not mean the charger is not working. Our lightning cables are not MFi certified, but they do function properly. If this message does appear, continue charging with the steps provided above by holding down the power button for about three seconds until the green indicator light turns on. Also, please feel free to use the cables that originally came with your mobile devices. These cables were included as a bonus and convenience, however you are not required to use the cable that came with your BOLT. My Question wasn't on this list. I have an issue. What Do I Do? Please do not ask support questions on this thread. For the quickest response: Send a direct email to <email> and we'll take care of your issue. Hey everyone, Our shipment has just arrived so we'll begin shipping out everyone's package right away. We couldn't be more excited for you to get these in your hands! Once shipped, you should be receiving a confirmation email with tracking. We have opted to use USPS for both domestic and international since the packages are so light and small. Once you start receiving your BOLTs, we'd love for you to share with us on our Facebook page as well as follow us on Instagram: fluxmob and use hashtag #boltanywhere so we can see all of the cool places around the world you're using BOLT! In the mean time if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to email us directly at <email>. We'd like to thank everyone again for allowing us to make our vision come true. Thank you, Justin and Alan Mass production is currently underway and things are moving along smoothly. BOLTs should be touching down in our warehouse in mid October. As soon as we get confirmation that the shipment is in transit, we'll post another update. For the time being we're organizing our shipping strategy and will be placing our T-shirt orders this week. We've also been working with a photographer and have a couple awesome shots we'd like to share. Backers, We received our second set of samples in all three colors and they are awesome! We're very pleased with the build quality and functionality. After we perform the final testing, we'll give the green light to our manufacturer and they can start mass production. We still need to tweak the graphite coloring slightly, but everything else is great and we're on schedule to ship out in October. It's been a phenomenal experience and we haven't stopped working literally around the clock to get BOLT in your hands. We've been holding nightly tag up meetings with our manufacturer and have also had our team member visit the factory to keep things running smoothly. As always if you have any questions or concerns drop us a line and we will answer you as soon as possible. Pre-orders are still available and if you're already a backer you can simply login to BackerKit and add on additional BOLTs and accessories. Here's a link to our BackerKit: <url>’ve been busy behind the scenes making sure every detail is exactly how we intended. We’re nearly done working on the final mold and PCB design, meaning we’re even closer to production. As soon as we get the final mold in our hands we’ll make the announcement and post pictures so you can see the progress. It looks like everything is right on schedule, BUT we still need your help to reach our stretch goal of $88,000 . If you can help us get there, all of our backers (who have pledged for a BOLT) will receive an international charging kit. This kit will include a US to EU adapter, a US to AUS adapter, a US to UK adapter and an awesome carrying pouch. We will also be offering a universal charging cable as a fourth cable option, which will work with Micro USB, Apple Lightning and Apple 30-pin devices – its pretty much everything you need, all in one! If you could please continue to share through any of the channels below, we still have a very good chance of reaching our stretch goal! - LIKE us on Facebook – SHARE your thoughts about BOLT on our page, LIKE our posts and share them with your friends - FOLLOW us on Twitter – RT our Tweets and spread the news about our campaign updates - TELL your friends and family – W.O.M. works wonders! - CLICK here to send out a pre-populated Tweet about our campaign Thanks again and we’ll see you on the other side, Justin and Alan Hi Backers, First off, thank you so much for all of your support thus far, as we wouldn’t be able to bring BOLT to life without you. As of today, BOLT has reached over 130% of its funding goal! Last week was a great week, and we don’t want to lose our momentum, so we wanted to make a few announcements. We are ahead of schedule and the creation of Bolt is already underway! Our manufacturer has been given the green light to get started on the final mold and PCB design. We will post another update when we have some progress to show off. We’re about $30K away from reaching our $88K stretch goal. If YOU help us make it there, we’re going to give every backer (who has pledged for a BOLT) an international charging kit. This kit will include a US to EU adapter, a US to AUS adapter, a US to UK adapter and an awesome carrying pouch. We will also offer a universal charging cable as a fourth cable option, which will work with Micro USB, Apple Lightning and Apple 30-pin devices! How can you help us reach our stretch goal? It’s simple; help us spread the word – here’s exactly how: LIKE us on Facebook – SHARE your thoughts about BOLT on our page, LIKE our posts and share them with your friends FOLLOW us on Twitter – RT our Tweets and spread the news about our campaign updates TELL your friends and family – W.O.M. works wonders! CLICK here to send out a pre-populated Tweet about our campaign Thanks for your support, and making this campaign as successful as it can be! Happy 4th, everyone - be safe and have a great weekend! Happy sharing, Justin and Alan Backers, We'd like to sincerely thank everyone for joining us on our journey to create this amazing product. We appreciate all of the encouragement and enjoy responding to your comments and questions. We've reached our initial funding goal in under 10 days, and it has been a wonderful experience. Now we'd like to announce our first stretch goal. If we can reach $88K, we will give each backer who has pledged for a BOLT an international charging kit. This kit will include a US to EU adapter, a US to AUS adapter, a US to UK adapter, and a carrying pouch. We will also be offering a universal charging cable as a fourth cable option. This universal cable will work with Micro USB, Apple Lightning, and Apple 30-pin devices. Please keep spreading the word through email, Facebook , or even letting your favorite blog know about us. We can make this happen! Thank you all for supporting BOLT. We couldn't do this without you, Justin and Alan @John, we didn't rip anyone off. If you have any questions or concerns, you can reach us at <email> where we help everyone out, like we always have. @Amy, send us an email at <email>, we'd be happy to help, @John, send us an email at <email>, we'd be happy to help, @Amy, that's no good. No worries, send us an email at <email> and we'll get this figured out. We're sorry this happened. Even though you are outside of the one year warranty, we'd still like to help. Send us an email at <email> and we can offer you a massive discount if you'd like another one. @danny kang: Send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. Hi Ed, Send us an email at <email> and we'll get this taken care of for you. Hey Sean, Yes definitely! Send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you :) Wijak, We've just sent you an email to discuss your order. Juan, They should be available next week. If you haven't already, you should join our newsletter on our webpage: www.fluxmob.com to be notified as soon as they are available :) We're glad you're enjoying your BOLT! Everyone check out Satchel & Page, they have some cool products: www.satchel-page.com Hi Daniel, Just responded to your email. Hi Fabricio, Please send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of this for you. Hi Kyong, Don't worry, shoot us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Hi Jeff, Just responded to your email, thanks. Scott, send us an email at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue. Robert, send us an email at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue. Hi Mark, We are truly sorry to hear about what happened, we responded to your email with questions to further investigate this cause. We've had a very small amount of defective units working on 220v. We've identified the issue and it is only present in a very small set of units (less than 1%). We stand behind our product and will definitely honor our warranty by getting you a replacement as soon as they arrive. Jeffery: It's possible that you are not starting the charge by holding down the button for about three seconds until the green light turns on. If you have any other questions send us an email at <email> and we'll be happy to assist. Benson, We got your message of the unfortunately news, but don't worry, we'll be able to help you out :) Justin, send us an email at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue. Ashoka, Send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of any issues. Hi James, Shoot us an email at <email> and we'll figure out what's going on. Hi Benson, Please email <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Juta, We've received your email and are responding now. Anant, We've noticed that LED behavior does happen from time to time however it does not affect functionality. To double check the battery level, once off the wall, you can do a quick press and you should see four blue LEDs lit (generally after at least four hours of charging on the wall). If you have any other concerns please feel free to email us directly at <email> Hi Jeremiah, It does sound like you have a defective unit. We'll shoot you an email so we cane take care of this issue right away. If you have any other questions, please feel free to email us directly at <email> Right on Rory. I'm sure Jimmy Page appreciates it. Rebecca, Please email <email> and we'll help troubleshoot your issue. Hi Tom, Please email <email> and we'll take care of any concerns you have right away. Rix, Leaving your BOLT plugged in for extended periods will not affect your battery life. BOLT uses a bypass circuit that will automatically stop charging your battery once it's full. If you have any other questions feel free to email us directly at <email> Nir, BOLT is rated to last a minimum of 500 complete charge cycles. This is standard for pretty much every lithium ion battery on the market. Luis, Please email <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Tejeev, Please send an email to us at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue further. Benji, That's correct. If BOLT is not plugged into the wall it will automatically stop charging your device once it hits 100%. There is also an automatic shut off that will stop output after about 10 seconds if your BOLT is unplugged from the wall and no device is attached. Aaron, While plugged into the wall you should see a solid green light to indicate charging as started for your device that is plugged in. You should also see solid blue LEDs indicating the amount of charge on the BOLT and blinking blue LEDs indicating what is left to be charged. If you are not seeing this please contact us at <email> so we can further troubleshoot. Aaron, We have seen an issue that affects the LED read out from time to time. This does not affect functionality. Hector, We apologize for the inconvenience. It sounds like you may have a defective unit. We've sent you an email to follow up and we'll get a replacement unit out. Zachary, Please send us an email at <email> to further troubleshoot your issue. Thanks. Stan, We checked your tracking and it looks like its currently in customs clearance as of Nov1. Shouldn't be much longer! Terry, No, you do not need to hold the power button down if your charging from the wall. We'll email you to figure this out. If anyone else has any questions or concerns, please email us directly at <email> Nir, We have just emailed you to trouble shoot the problems. Don't worry, we'll take care of the issue right away. Jon, We have seen an issue that affects LED read out from time to time. This does not affect functionality. As for your charging issue, please send us an email at <email> so we can further troubleshoot. Nicole, The Galaxy Nexus should charge without issue. Send us an email at <email> so we can further diagnose your issue. Fred, We're sorry to hear that, yes please email us at <email> and we'll take care of it right away. Juan, Send us a message and we'll take care of you. Steve, For the stretch goal, you had two options: international travel kit OR the car charger. Let us know if you have any other questions. Anthony/Richard, Because BOLT output is at 1A it will perform a slower charge with the iPad. When using a longer cable the iPad will say "Not Charging" if it is in use. This is because the iPad is technically using more power than it's taking in. If you simply turn off the screen and stop using your iPad, then battery will charge. We've tested this with the iPad2, iPad3, and iPad4 with the same results. Matt, After you plugged your phone in did you hold down the button for about 3 seconds? The green light should turn on and charging will begin. If you are still having issues please email us at <email> so we can take care of any problems. Jermaine/Peter, Glad you guys are enjoying BOLT. Thanks for your support! Peter, We noticed that extra "to" in the manual right when we received our shipment :) Zach, For your initial use make sure that BOLT completely charged (at least 4 hours). If you unplug BOLT and 4 LEDs are on you could of potentially had a 75-100% charge to begin with. BR/Daniel, We're glad you guys are enjoying your BOLTs! Thanks for the support! BR, BOLT will only charge with the wall outlet. Let us know if you have any other questions. Wong Kung Yee, Your package along with many others were processed this weekend. Once USPS scans in your package (tomorrow), the tracking number will update and you will be able to track the status from there. Please let us know if you have any other questions. Skeam, That message should not be displayed during use, but we have seen it from time to time when you have the cable plugged in and it is not in use. The cables are not MFi certified, so we can't guarantee that message will never show up. Also as a note, that is just an Apple message, but it doesn't mean that the cable is not functional. Are you sure that you started charging with the BOLT? You simply plug your phone into BOLT and hold down the button for about 3 seconds. The green light should turn on and charging will start. Send us an email to <email> if the issue persists so we can resolve it. Ellon, Yes it does. Our 3-in-1 cables do not display the warning message seen in iOS7 with other cables. Steven, The BOLTs have taken longer than expected to get to us, but we're still on schedule to receive them this week. We will be posting an update as soon as they arrive. Ralph, Please message us your new shipping address and we'll get it updated for you. Nir, The EU version is being worked on. Stay tuned for more info. Nir, Bolt weighs in at 3oz. Nitesh/Amilia, No problem at all. Keeping all of you in the loop is a high priority to us. BOLTs are currently in transit to our warehouse. We'll receive them by the end of next week and start shipping them to backers right away. We'll be sure to post an update when they arrive at our warehouse. Nir, We're always looking at ways to improve efficiency. Nitesh, BOLTs are in transit, the tracking number hasn't updated yet with a delivery date but we do know they are on the way. As soon as there's another update with the tracking number we'll be sure to let everyone know. Nir, From our latest samples we're getting about 73% efficiency. Nir, That's correct. If BOLT is unplugged from the wall you simply plug your device in, hold the button for 3 seconds and charging will begin. Once your device is fully charged BOLT will automatically stop charging to conserve battery life. If BOLT is plugged into the wall then charging is always on. No button press required. Nir, We're accepting orders at our website: <url>#4 you will see the car charger. It's a low profile unit with 2A output and 2 USB ports. Nir and Orly, Sorry, but introducing a fourth color would throw off our budgeting. We may include new colors in the future, but we're going to stick with Graphite, Stealth, and Argon for Kickstarter. Li, We tallied almost 1100 votes and here are the results: Argon: 25.2% Crimson: 19.5% Pure: 13.8% Tangelo: 11.3% Mantis: 9.3% Pacific: 8.2% Eminence: 4.8% Walnut: 3.6% Dandelion: 3.3% Rosa: 1.0% Argon is the clear winner! We will be making a formal announcement along with the surveys this evening. Li, The colors will be extremely close to what we have posted. We can't see what your screen looks like, so we're not sure if it will match your specific display. Sorry Peter, No running total. We don't want anyone to be persuaded to make a decision. Besides, the suspense is the best part! Thanks Scott! Couldn't have done it without you guys! Steven, We're expecting to ship BOLT in October 2013. Joshua and Nir, Due to the cost added for both items and shipping we will not be able to offer both together. We will however allow users to order both items once we have BackerKit setup. Thanks Julius, Yes it did, thanks for helping out! Ronald, That's a great idea. We will look into offering either a car charger or travel kit to each backer who pledged for a BOLT. We'll make sure we keep you guys in the loop. Thanks for your support! Backers, We're on the final stretch. 4 hours to go, and we're almost at the stretch goal. We can make this happen! Yong, We are using a premium 18650 Samsung cell that is ICR based. Thanks for your continued support! GM, Correct, if we reach our stretch goal, each Bolt will with the travel kit :) Hi Ben, Bolt's battery will withstand a minimum of 500 cycles, after 500 cycles the battery may hold less than 75% of its original capacity. This is typical with any product that uses a lithium ion battery. OK Brandon we'll see what we can do. Brandon, If you can supply us with the dimensions of your cable we can pass them along to our cable supplier to see if they have any cables that will meet your specifications. We can't make any promises, but we can try. Feel free to email us at <email> Thank you for bringing this up. Bryan, BOLT will provide about 25% for a full size iPad and about 50% for an iPad mini. Thanks for your support. Hi Nir, There will already be two color choices: Graphite (Gray) and Stealth (Black). Once the campaign ends, we will send out a survey to vote on the 3rd color option. Orange will be one of the options to vote on. So depending on which color gets the most votes, that will be the 3rd color option you can choose from. This time around we are limited to three colors. We hope you understand. Nir, We will have an ample selection of color choices for the survey, with orange included of course. Nir, We won't forgot our backers :) James and Nir, We've already began production on the mold and PCB on the current design, but this is something we're planning for a future version. Thanks for your support! Paul, Thanks for bringing this up. We intend to have the adapters and 3-in-1 cables available for purchase on our online store after our Kickstarter campaign ends. We will be sure to let everyone know how to obtain additional adapters and cables if needed. Thanks for your support. Nitesh, No problem. The iPhone 5 charges 5v/1A. Bolts output is also 5v/1A so it will take about as much time as the stock iPhone wall charger would take. Ryan, This depends on the device that you are charging because different chargers output at different rates. BOLT outputs at 1A, which matches the majority of smartphones, so it will charge those devices at the same rate. Some tablets, however, charge at 2A so they will still charge, but at a slower rate. Thanks for the support! Ralph, You have a good point. Let us see what we can do and we will let the backers know as soon as we make the descion. Thanks for the suggestion. Eduardo, Thanks for your support. We appreciate it. Peter, You got it. We have in fact got the ball rolling on the final prototypes. We will post another update once we have some concrete information. No problem Jeremy. Charles, The reasons you mentioned for backing BOLT are precisely why we developed it. There isn't anything on the market that was able to fit our needs. We're glad that we share common interests and philosophies when it comes to gadgets. The internal battery will charge faster through the wall outlet than trying to use your laptop, but it will charge at about the same rate as your phone charger. Thanks for your support! John, Lets take a step back and pretend you aren't a troll or someone who works with/for jackery. These two projects are completely different. The product you posted is an older style of USB backup that doesn't have a built in wall charger. As for the casing, aluminum is typically heavier, bulkier, and more expensive. This is reflected in their price. By all means, if you feel our project is not up to par with another product's quality, please go ahead and do a preorder on their backup site. You won't find them on Kickstarter any more because their campaign was oddly suspended for unknown reasons. The choice is up to you. Jeremy and Peter, We uploaded a quick comparison shot with BOLT, an energy shot, an iPad charger, and a dollar bill. You can see it on the main project page under the Specifications section. Hopefully this will give you a good idea of how small BOLT will be. Thanks for the suggestions. Hey Jeremy/Peter, No problem, we'll get a picture of the comparison up as soon as we can on the main page. Hey Jeremy, We definitely can. Send us s message with your email address and I'll send over the picture. Hi Derek, While we have walked around with Bolt in our pocket, we wouldn't say its the most comfortable thing because its not flat, but at the same time we didn't notice it was in there after a while. Thanks for the support! John, We are happy you are on board with us as well! Hi El Kiai, Voting will take place once the project funding period ends. We will send out all of the surveys to get your color preference, cable selection, and t-shirt sizes (if applicable). Let us know if you have any other questions and thank you for your support! Keeyan, We're still working on coming up with a suggested retail price, but it will likely be over $50.00 USD. We will probably develop the EU version outside of KS. Thanks for your continued support! Everyone, Our first stretch goal has been announced. Please check out the update for details. Thank you. Steven, This project is definitely real. Thank you for your support! We did it! Thank you all for the support. We will be announcing our stretch goal tomorrow. Woo hoo! Wong, Because BOLT will accept 110v-240v as input it will work internationally with a simple plug adapter. Thanks for your support! Mike, Please send us a message to talk about this. Thank you. Alex, The battery will consume a minuscule amount of charge while waiting to be used. You probably won't notice any loss. Thanks for supporting our project! Rory, Please send us a message to discuss. Thanks. Court, Jason has a valid point, and we have updated our project description accordingly. With battery chargers there is always some loss, so you may not get two complete charges depending on the device you use. We cannot speak for the lifespan of another product compared to ours, but we can assure you that we are using the highest quality battery available to us. We have been quoted by numerous suppliers that the battery will withstand a minimum of 500 cycles, after 500 cycles the battery may hold less than 75% of its original capacity. This is typical with any product that uses a lithium ion battery. Thanks! Keeyan, BOLT will charge any device that is recharged via USB including smartphones, tablets, etc. Yes we do offer international shipping for an additional $15. You should see that option when making your pledge. Thank you for the support! Thanks for support and kind words Jillian! Hi GM, Yes, you will be able to fit an adapter plug to Bolt. Hi Jason, We appreciate your thorough analysis. We have made the appropriate changes to our product description. If you would like to discuss anything further, please feel free to message us. Thank you for the support. Li, Voting will take place once the our project funding period ends (assuming we make it to our goal). We will send out all of the surveys to get your color preference, cable selection, and t-shirt sizes. KCCO Brent! That color will definitely be an option when the voting begins. Daniel, We're ecstatic with how the campaign has gone so far, but we still do have a ways to go. We'll always take the time to answer questions, so feel free to comment or message us any time. Thanks for your support! Ralph, We named it just for you :) Thanks for the support! Peter, That's an interesting idea, but we wouldn't be able to fit that in without increasing the size. Thanks for the support! Kevin, Being able to charge two USB devices at the same time would add considerable bulk to accomodate the second USB port and use a beefier charging circuit. We will definitely look into creating a model like this in the future, but it will not be part of this project. Thanks for the support! Bryan, We've reached out to Kickstarter to see if it's within their guidelines to pledge for multiple BOLTs. We will let you all know as soon as we hear back. Thanks for the suggestion about Uncrate, we have notified them about BOLT, but all of you are also more than welcome to help promote our project by sharing on facebook or submitting to your favorite tech/gear blogs. Thank you for the support! Bryan, We do have a stretch goal in mind and will announce it here as soon as we make a decision. Thanks for the support! Timothy, Although we we are very familiar with PCB design we felt it was best to partner up with a manufacturer that has experience developing high quality charging solutions. We spec'd out what we were looking for, had a prototype created, tested it, and tested it again. We then designed the casing ourselves to be as small as possible. We're glad you share our enthusiasm about Bolt. Daniel, Thats definitely a color that you'll be able to vote on, so like we said to Peter, maybe that will be the winning third color option! Peter, You made the right decision, you wont' be disappointed. Maybe the other backers will love orange as much as you do and that turns out to be the winning color for the third option. Thanks for the kind words and support! Something Sketchy, I did a little bit of research on the Asus Transformer Prime and it looks like it requires 11V to charge. This is why the Transformer Prime uses a proprietary cable. This isn't a USB3.0 issue, it's just how the Transformer Prime was designed. So to answer your question, no I do not believe Bolt will work with this device. Thanks for your support. Thanks Rory! It definitely will come in handy. Timothy, Thanks for the mockup. Pretty interesting idea, we will look into this for future products. We will definitely not cut corners when selecting components for our product, especially the battery. We are performing the proper handshake to allow for a 1A charge, and we are working closely with our manufacturer who has been developing battery chargers for more than 5 years. They produce some very high quality products and BOLT will not be an exception. Thanks again for the input, we look forward to getting this product launched! Court, If your device charges via USB, Bolt will work. We're excited too. Half way there! Jeremy, We do have some ideas that we're contemplating. We'll make an announcement here first when we make a decision. Thanks for the support! Timothy, The wall prong design we are using is different than the old apple design. Because it is a flip plug we actually have a non conductive bridge connecting the prongs at the base. This will prevent separation. For AC to DC conversion we are implementing a switching power supply that feeds the battery charging circuit which is based on a 9926A power trench. We decided to go with the Samsung OEM battery because ICR cells do have a protection circuit and typically have better energy densities than IMR batteries. Additionally, IMR cells are typically used for higher current applications, and the absence of a protection circuit means that we would need to take extra care to avoid overcharging. We like your idea about turning the end into a cigarette charger, but this would mean more bulk due to the size of the battery. It's definitely something we can explore in the future. Thanks for the well thought out input and thank you for supporting us. Juan, We are just double checking with kickstarter to make sure this meets their terms. We will let everyone know as soon as we get an answer. Hey Peter, thanks for the support, KCCO! Hey Martin, Alan here chiming in. First, I want to thank you for your support and your concern is definitely understandable. I graduated from Cal State University, Long beach in 2006. Shortly after, I had a stint in finance. From there I worked in sales and product development for UniqueArts, LLC. Their phone number is 1-608-271-7682, which you can call for reference. Currently, for my day job, I manage OLS, LLC (orbitlightshow.com) located in Santa Ana, CA. Please feel free to send a friend request to my personal Facebook account: www.facebook.com/fasho and if you have any other questions, I can even pm you my cell number. I want to assure you that you are backing two very real guys that want nothing more than to make Bolt a reality. Alan GM, Thank you so much! We really appreciate it. Martin, We definitely are who we say we are, and we actually fell for the Kobe Red campaign too. Check out the projects we backed. We do however understand your concerns and would like to put your mind at ease. I (Justin) graduated from California State University Long Beach for both my B.S. and M.S. in 2007 and 2011 respectively. I even uploaded a shot of my degrees holding a BOLT in front of them. You can view them here: <url>~S7?/azito/azito/1%2C10%2C15%2CB/frameset&FF=azito+justin&1%2C1%2C/indexsort=- We are registered as a fictitious business name for the time being in Orange County, CA. You can do a search for fluxmob here: <url>"sporadic LEDs") the other morning. I was charging two of them at the same time overnight. When I got up the next morning, I noticed one with the LEDs on solid, indicating it was fully charged, and the other one had it's LEDs "...rapidly switching between two led patterns..." as you indicated. I wondered what was going on with it, but decided to simply unplug it from the outlet and try charging my iPhone with it. When I unplugged it, the LEDs when out as they should have. When I "tapped" on the power button, it showed a full charge, as it should have. And when I used it to charge my iPhone, it worked just as it should have and fully charged my phone. Other than this one anomaly, my Bolts are working great and I've received many comments about how nice they look and how functional they are. This user's account has been deleted. Hi, I just opened my bolt yesterday and I found out that my phone's only charging when the bolt is plugged in the electric outlet...and it doesn't charge my phone by itself... I am having the same issue with the sporadic LEDs when fully charged. I believe this issue occurs because, as the shutoff circuitry takes affect, the bolt will slowly lose power due to multiple reasons, and then fully charge again and shutoff, etc. Therefore when fully charged the bolt is rapidly switching between two led patterns: the top two LEDs oscillating and the "light" going up and down the row to show it's fully charged. The bolt being unsure of what charging state it's at causes the sporadic affect. I am not sure if this is a product defect or a miscalculation in circuitry, but either way does not affect the functioning of the product. My BOLT is having some issues. Sending you details in an email! Thanks to Alan, I got a replacement Bolt but its now stolen. You know the Bolt is popular when it's stolen! :( You guys have the best costumer service ever :-) Hey, I just received my Bolt and was super excited to get to use it, however when I plug in my iPhone 5s it won't charge. It's not the cable, and the Bolt works fine with my iPad and other peripherals. I went to test it with other devices and it's only iPhone 5 and 5s devices that will not charge. Is there something wrong with my Bolt? Please help me Wanted to love this thing...but FAIL...traveling between NYC to la and heading for thanksgiving vaca....lights don't really work and it doesn't charge as advertised. When I plug my phone with bolt then plug bolt to the wall it sometimes doesn't charge my phone. Especially when the bolt is low or has no power. Is it suppose to do this or charge my phone first when bolt is plugged to the wall plug? I wanted to check in and say I love my BOLT! I went on a trip and used it every day, very easy to use and gave me the extra boost with compact size I needed. I am really happy with the professional looking retail packaging as well. I can only make one suggestion and that is to maybe have more rounded edges in version 2 Hi Guys, my Bolt has just died. Not charging, no lights, nothing. What can I do? I've only used it for 2 weeks too since it arrived. I'm based in Australia. I'm having a few problems with my bolt. I sent an e-mail to <email>. Please check and response. I haven't had a chance to really use my bolt yet but so far while plugged into a plug socket and nothing connected to the bolt the lights are going crazy. Just very odd patterns happening. Is this singeing I should be concerned about? I would have thought that by plugging it into the wall the green lights would flash all the way to the top until it's completely charged and then either stay solid green (like full bars on a cell phone) or shut off the lights. But neither is happening. I've been using my bolt for about a week now and it's a great product, but I may have a defective one. I have an HTC One and at 2300 Mah I wasn't expecting 2 full charges but it only gives me one at 30% battery life. My bolt doesn't charge when just by itself in an outlet. I have to have something plugged into it then it will start charging. Also it takes about 10-12 hours or so to fully charge anything less will only have it on three lights. I'm not sure how long it's supposed to take to charge. This thing is a LIFE SAVER!! I was listening to Kashmir on my iPod and half way through the song my iPod flashed 'low battery' so I plugged in BOLT by Fluxmob and was able to continue listening to my favorite band not just for that song, but FOR THE REST OF THE DAY! Thanks, Fluxmob! Mine is working, and it's been a real help the last few weeks, but the blue LEDs don't seem to be working when I push the button briefly. Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong here? Love my BOLT. Looks good and works even better. Hi Fluxmob, I picked up two of the units, one is Argon, the other Stealth and have been using both and absolutely love them. However, I've noticed that the Stealth one does not charge consistently and would not fully charge my iPhone 5s. When I plug it in overnight and wake up the next morning, it is still blinking on the last 2 dots, then after a few more seconds, it starts from 1 and irratically blinks in weird manner before going back to the 2 dots. Is anyone experiencing this issue? I also have a short video of this. Thanks. I've had my Bolt for a few weeks now and its wonderful. Its so great I have to wrestle it away from my friends when I let them borrow it for a quick charge. The Bolt is also going to be a great Christmas present for my family. Thanks so much for a solid product. Just got mine a few minutes ago. It is indeed beautiful. One question, i seldom use a portable battery. Will the life expectancy decease significantly If i just use BOLT as a normal charger, leave it plugged in then use it as a battery backup maybe once every two weeks? I have another portable battery but i always forget to charge it, that's the main motivation why i backed this project. This user's account has been deleted. Just received it few hours ago and it is beautiful :-) GREAT JOB FLUXMOB This user's account has been deleted. Got my unit earlier this week. Love it! Thanks for a great product. Hey there, got my Bolt in a timely manner. The device is gorgeous and solidly built. Unfortunately i have reason to believe my battery is defective. After plugging it overnight (8+ Hours every time), it only charges my iPhone 5S from 1 to 56% before Bolt gives up and dies. I'm sure I just got a lemon because as I understand it the iPhone 5S has a 1400+mAh battery so this 3000mAh unit should work for about two charges, but it can't even do one. How can we process an exchange? It came to me quicker than i expected (i live in Thailand, in the other word, it will take so much time possible because usa and th is exactly opposite site of the world each other) the shirt is neat and bolt is my favourite gadget right now , thank you Fluxmob ! :D This user's account has been deleted. Received my unit today. Happy with the feel and the looks. LEDs work as described. Charges my iPhone 4s with longer cables. with my iPad 2, it works with the cable provided (3 in 1) and slower on other longer cables (showing the usual "not charging" message). Pretty much on time too. A job well done, Fluxmob! Got mine this week. I was worried when I noticed the extremely cheap plastic part of the packaging but once I had it out the quality of the device was immediately apparent. It feels quite solid and so far I'm both impressed and happy. I plan on doing a charge in the morning to test it out a bit but I have noticed the battery level light doesn't work properly when charging. It only displays 1/4 lights when at a full charge. No biggie just something I thought I'd point out. I'll post again when I get a better feel for the device Got it used it loved it! Received my unit today. Worked great for my ipod and my cell phone. So I got my BOLT, and I have to say, it's beautiful. However, It only holds a single charge for my 1000mah phone battery... I was under the impression that the battery in the bolt would hold 3000mah... What's going on here? I got my BOLT and am very happy with it! Thank you! One question: Is there a detector, that shuts down the BOLT charger when reaching the max. And is there a timer, if you forgot to shut down after a longer time of charging? Thank you for answering. Thanks for the reply Fluxmob. So what am I actually supposed to see when plugged into the wall? And is it ok if I just left it plugged in without charging anything? Got my two units today (London, UK). Really happy with the product. Are the blue LEDs supposed to be flashing when plugged into the wall? This user's account has been deleted. Got it just now (Israel). Feels great in my hand. Impressive build. Glad I backed this one. thank you. i got mine today. Received mine today here in Montreal. Build quality is stellar, the BOLT doesn't get hot or even warm to the touch, and fluxmob support is probably one of the best on KS; I got a reply to my email within 10 minutes! Don't be turned off by the questionable packaging quality, I've been playing with the BOLT all day, and it's clear they pumped all the money they saved from using a fancy box into putting out a solid product. I received mine today here on west coast of Canada. I received my bolt shortly after it shipped, I loved. Like I said, I loved it because 30 mins ago a plugged it in to power outlet at an airport and it got completely fried along with the cable that was attached to it. Luckily I have another battery pack as a back up and had to pay $35 for a new cable. I received my Bolt and I love it. My problem is that I was only able to use it once. I plugged it in for an evening, it charged up three lights and now it no longer charges itself or my iPhone. Any advice? Do I have to turn on by pressing the button for 3 seconds to charge my phone without using the battery? Charging seems to be much slower on a iphone 5 AND never hits 100% be stopping, seems to quit at 70% or so on an iphone 5. Sometimes quits much sooner. just a question here, any news on Canada, still waiting on mine QQ This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Just wanted to say that the Fluxmob customer service has been exceptional. Really great job, and I hope to see/buy more Fluxmob products in the future! @Fluxmob It seems that the cable I usually use to charge my phone from work is faulty. I tried the cable that came with my phone and the cable that came with the BOLT, both worked. The cable I normally use only seems to charge my phone when plugged into the wall socket that came with it. I apologize for any confusion but thank you for the fast response! I received my BOLT couple days ago and it looks awesome! Although I did have a small problem not sure if any one else is experiencing the same issue. I charged it all last night and only noticed 3 solid blue lights with a blinking 4th light, but didnt think much of that. I then started to charge my phone which was at about 20% charge and in under an hour my BOLT lost it's charge leaving my phone at about 50%. Is this a known issue? Thanks! I have a Galaxy Nexus and it does not seem to be charged by the BOLT. I held down the button for 3 sec and the little green light came on but my phone does not appear to be charging. I will wear it down tonight and see if by plugging it in and setting it to charge. How long should I expect it to take to charge my phone half way or so? Got mine today. Love the design but mine looks damaged and the package it came in was beat the hell up in the mail. The USB port sits crooked in the cradle and is wobbly. Seems to work but worried its gonna break the connections over time. There a support line for this sorta thing? Got mine today, great build quality it feels very sturdy and works perfectly with my iPhone 5S. Do we get a discount code if we want to buy more for being a backer? Really pleased with the quality of the product. Heading out on the road next week, so will give the battery a workout. It will be nice not hunting for a plug at the airport. Ohhhhh, that's what it was... never mind, that makes sense now! The car charger is adorable, by the way. Wasn't expecting it to be so... small! Out of confusion, were we supposed to receive the international charger and the carrying bag with the Bolt? love it, very happy with the results! @fluxmob Thanks for the quick response. I love the Bolt's design, really great. @Fluxmob Thanks for clearing up the confusion! Fantastic product by the way. I love it. I am also getting 'Not Charging' on my ipad - I am waiting for it to charge fully the first time before trying again. Is anybody else getting a 'Not Charging' status on an iPad 2nd Gen? I've got the BOLT plugged into a wall outlet and it's still showing 'Not Charging' on my iPad. Got my BOLT today. The box was a bit threadbare, but beauty comes from within. I probably would've passed on it at retail, though. BOLT showed three charge lights right out of the box. Sweet. Plugged it into the wall. Zapped that fourth light into submission. Unplugged. Plugged my phone into the BOLT. Nothing. Experienced soul-crushing disappointment at modernity and all of its trappings. After several minutes spent wallowing in an emotional abyss, thought to actually read the instructions. Rediscovered that the BOLT Is not an always-on device. Held down the button for three seconds, et voila! Angels began to vocalize in le perfect harmony (they're French angels) as a tiny lightning bolt parked itself on my phone's display. The design looks slick. It has a good density to it which suggests solidity, quality, and possible efficacy as an emergency self-defense tool. The rubberized matte texture is wonderful, and assuredly magnifies the Stealth color's radar-absorbent properties. The button feels like a successful first date: good click, no wiggle. The resistance of the prong hinge reminds me of a golden retriever: solid and agreeable. The corners are sharper than supermodels' elbows. They look great, but don't feel great. Simply rounding off the corners iOS-style wouldn't look as nice, though. The stark minimalism is great, so don't change that... except maybe change that a bit... but not really. This is the first project I've backed, so based on this sample set of one, I have no idea what those people complaining about Kickstarter project delays and fulfillment issues are going on about. All of the Kickstarter projects I've backed have concluded in a timely, uneventful manner with a great, delivered product. [fist bump] Super impressed with my BOLT. Love it and I'm sure it will work for me for a long time to come. Much better size than my previous PowerTap battery pack. Love the rubberized feel. Advice for BOLT 2.0 - the corners on this one are sharp. Consider rounding them a bit. Well I'm going to leave my final comment now that I've finally received my BOLT. Pros: Looks great - Solid feel - Love the blue LED color - Small and compact but still a quick charge - Amazing campaign. Great communication and on-time delivery. Negatives: Huge problem here. On the manual, under the warnings, in the third bullet point, you have a typo. Says "to" twice in a row ;) Great job guys. Really like the product. Shirt feels great too. I've said it a million times, but one last time - make a BOLT 2.0! Until then, great job, and good luck! Just received mine today, works perfectly and looks great. Well done Fluxmob! Just received my BOLT today. I charged it up until all four of the LEDs were lit up and then plugged it into my iPhone (4s) to charge. I then held the button until the green light turned on. The phone began charging, however, when I pressed the button on the BOLT, only two LEDs lit up fully, even though all 4 had been lit up a minute earlier. Is this normal? Received my BOLTs (Argon & Graphite) today. VERY nice!!! These things look really great and even my wife was impressed with the quality and appearance. The accessories were also very nice. @Fluxmob: You guys did a great job on this project and are to be congratulated! From concept to final execution and delivery, it was all terrific! Thanks a lot!!! w00t, Bolt is on it's way. I'll update when it arrives (Israel) Just received my Bolt this morning. Looks great. Packaging was a little beat up and it was shipped in a padded envelope via USPS. That's a VERY minor complaint that I got over once I opened it up. The charger itself is perfectly functional so far. It was able to charge my Samsung Galaxy S3, 4th gen iPad and Pebble smart watch. I did NOT receive any message on the iPad about using a non-Apple charger. Bolt was actually about 3/4 charged when I first checked charge status. I really like the rubberized finish, but it seems like it will show smudges pretty easily. Not a huge deal because it's pretty easy to wipe off. I like the sharp corners and lines and the button seems very sturdy and has a distinct tactile response when pressing. LED lights are very clear and easy to see. Side question I should have asked sooner - Is there a way to charge my Bolt in my car using a charging cable? Great product folks! I will be at an all-day event tomorrow and will definitely have this with me. Thanks, BR I'm pleased to report I received a notification of shipping over the weekend and it arrived today in Massachusetts. It seems to be working well. Reading the instructions quickly reminded me the battery has a power saving switch (off mode) and is toggled by pressing the button for 3 seconds. I am happily delighted this project met all of its goals including stretch goals, high quality product, and delivery time. A much deserved congratulations goes to Fluxmob! Please keep us 1790 backers updated as your business continues to evolve. Received email on shipping out date of Oct 26 and tracking info. But tracking link came back with "Not Found. Delivery status information is not available for your item via this web site.A return receipt after mailing may be available through your local Post Office." Received mine today, but will not charge my iPhone 5 running ios7. Keep getting this error message "This cable or accessory is not certified and my not work reliably with this iPhone". Do I have a defected cable? If so how may I get another? Shipped! Right stoked to finally have been a part of a project that was lucky enough to finish up on time! has anyone received in Canada so far? <url>"Add Add-ons" page doesn't seem to be working. I made my selection and clicked the "Add to Cart" button, it changed to "Added" for a second and then changed back to "Add to Cart" and nothing was added and the money amount didn't change. I sent an e-mail to someone via the "Ask us a Question" link, but I'm not sure if it went to you or to someone from BackerKit. Maybe you could check on it and see what's up! Thanks, Ron Scott Hi, just got an email for verification on the choices. Can u confirm as the strech goal had exceeded 88k that we will also get the traveling charger adapter for free too? I just dont see that in my internary so confused if we backers r getting it or we need to purchase it... I'll hold my answer to get this confirmation 1st... Thks;)... Thanks Fluxmob for the quick response!!! Actually I got the Reward Survey this AM with the following questions only so I was just curious. I will not respond to that survey for now then. Thanks. What color BOLT and stretch goal option would you like? What charging cable would you like? Curious how to response to the Kit with "multiple"... TIA. Yep, Got that survey. And yes, I did pick 3-1 adapter just was not sure what you call the iPhone 5 adapter . Thanks I'm apologize if this question has been asked . But does the charger come with the iPhone 5 charging cable? Thanks! Could you post a picture of the Argon version. I dont quite remember what it looks like. Thank you! This user's account has been deleted. Hi I got the survey for the Fluxmob color and adapter the problem is I paid for 3 and would like 3 different adapters for 3 different phones. How do I communicate it to you? Can I submit 3 surveys? Adding that car charger option really made this a hard decision! I don't travel but the kit includes 3 items and a carrying pouch! Gaahh. 2 USB port car charger! Aghh. WHY -__- Is there a picture of the car charger? Come on Nir that's a clown question bro. Budgeting is what it is. Introducing a fourth color moves a lot more money around than you would think. Fluxmob has spoken! There's always spray paint. :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Nir has a point, I totally agree with him. Please don't leave us Crimson lovers disappointed :) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Haha! Y'all seen that new Kickstarter called JuiceBee? Virtually the same thing except not nearly as stylish! You guys should combine into one company for Bolt 2 and make it a super-awesome version ;) OOPS. Not so cool after all. It can't charge a device while it charges. Hopefully BOLT can do this! Cool device for sure. Esp like how small it is. Still, I couldn't wait and bought me one of these: <url>#stuff-you-want It's quite similar but larger and more powerful, though has many same features + it can charge 2 devices at once. I'll haul it around until I can get my bolt. This user's account has been deleted. I see the Mantis (theCHIVE) color as an option! I hope that one pulls through! Any running results of the poll that we can see? Or are we just going to find out at the end? I hate suspense! Lol. This user's account has been deleted. Hey bolt I was wondering when the bolts will be able to be shipped? This user's account has been deleted. +1 orly Having both the car charger and the int'l travel kit is a great idea... Any way we can get both? :P I see from the latest update that we will, indeed, have our choice of either the travel kit or a USB car charger, so that's a great option. Thanks for working so quickly on that!!! Oh, and Erik Jung, I appreciate you crediting me with the car charger idea, but it really wasn't mine. I was just passing on a suggestion made by Nir Shapir -- although after re-reading his comment, he may have wanted both! ;-) I just wanted a choice between the two! So I'll be sure to grab the car charger with my Bolt! C Ya!!! Hi guys, it's really nice that you added the car charger to the stretch reward but it would be much nicer if you will make it a part of the international traveler kit so we wouldn't have to choose between them :) There was someone who cancelled his pledge for $40 and someone took it so quickly lol I was sad. This user's account has been deleted. the count down begins 80 seconds! I like Ronald's idea; a car charger would be the most useful for me! 30 Mins to go The final hours plus sharing helped us reach the stretch goal :D This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations for reaching that stretch goal. Congratulations on reaching the stretch goal!!! That's great news! And while I appreciate the offer of something additional for the stretch goal reward, I don't really have any use for the travel kit since I don't travel overseas anymore -- I did enough of that during 20 years in the Army! I'll take it if that's the only option, but I think I recall others wondering if other options might be available, such as different charging cable options or, as Nir Shapir suggested, perhaps a car charger. Anyway, congratulations again on getting fully funded and then reaching the stretch goal! Great job and I'm looking forward to receiving my Bolt!!! Yay! We reached the stretch goal :) This user's account has been deleted. Woo hoo!! Come on!!!! $81 left! $357 left! Share Share Share!! Hello, is this a I-polymer battery? Egad, only 39 more units need backing to make stretch...let's do this! Hi guys quick one if I back for two bolts will I receive two adapters if we make the stretch? Will need them both here in AUS if I get one for my wife:) GM Share people! Lets get that stretch goal! less than 24 hours :D Stretch Goal is so close... Only $5K to go... This may have been answered before, but I am curious about the longevity of the charger. Everyone knows that phone batteries lose their capacity over time; will Bolt see the same problem after enough use? Thanks for your answer, but I tried to look it up and couldn't find any dimensions for the cable (and I lost the one that came with my device), here's the page for ordering a new one though: <url>"It seems it will go well with this: <url>" Jun. 29, 2013 on The Practical Meter: Know your power!. That is some very shady business practice as far as I'm concerned! I backed you guys, but when I look at the previous available option, they have better quality and casing. I will like to hear your thoughts. <url>"justin zito" that is a founder of fluxmob with 0 connections as of this writing. <url>"Kobe Red": (read all about it here: <url>"model" as in the kind in the movie Zoolander... ;) Any way we can purchase multiple BOLTs? I'd say, one for me and a friend backer option would be great! the battery on the charger looks like a NIMH, wouldn't it be better to use a Lipo battery that have higher capacity and since they are squared, they can use up the space more efficiently . This product will be great if it tends to replace the stock plug providing by Apple or Samsung. It can still charge your phone when there wasn't any socket. But I think it needs more advantages to get people to pledge it. After all, it won't be very different from buy an other cheaper but still good quality power bank. The user experience will very identical, you still have to do what you have to done with power bank. This would be a winner device if you guys could have a second USB port on the bottom so that charging of 2 devices would be possible. Any plans for this or a stretch goal? I really hope this gets funded. However one weird thing I've been seeing a lot on KS is a direct correlation of projects that feature models to display their project and projects not getting funded. It's weird but almost infallible... Fingers crossed because this looks great! I'm confident you guys will succeed - seems like a great product! Even I wanted a 5000 mah battery Thanks for your reply Any chance to increase battery to 5000 mah? Have you looked into the exchangeable plates for different pin designs in different countries? The best known ones are probably the ones Apple use but they are quite bulky, I have seen BlackBerry and others use very slim ones on their chargers. I am guessing the adapter is fixed and a converter will be needed for those of us outside US?