MISSED THE KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN? VISIT: WWW.FLUXMOB.COM IT'S YOUR LAST CHANCE TO GET BOLT² AT A SPECIAL PRICE: PRE-ORDER HERE After the support and success of delivering our first Kickstarter project on schedule, we’re here to introduce the next member of the BOLT family. As a direct result of your feedback we were able to incorporate the features that you wanted most. We DOUBLED the capacity to 6000mAh and added a SECOND USB port but most importantly, MORE THAN DOUBLED the output to 2.4A. This means that you now have the ability to charge your phones and tablets up to 4x faster than a regular USB port! We were able to do all of this doubling while keeping it down to LESS THAN DOUBLE the size of our original. Just like the original, BOLT² is an upgrade from your standard wall charger. Why carry around anything else when you can have a wall charger AND battery backup in one compact device? Whether you’re charging your device on the wall or on the go, BOLT² seamlessly integrates into your everyday life ensuring that you’ll never run out of battery again. BOLT² currently only supports US plugs, but it can be used internationally with a simple plug adapter for your region. We also have an international plug adapter kit available on our website. Hello Backers! We're back on Kickstarter with our latest project. Check it out and let us know your thoughts. We'll be back again with another cool FLUXMOB project in the very near future. Stay tuned! REFYNE - P1: The First Modular Titanium EDC Penlight The P1 is a bold, modular design that reduces the amount you carry by combining two commonly used items, a pen and flashlight, into a single functional and innovative package. Grade 5 Titanium Body Super bright 130 lumen flashlight Magnetic quick release light Removable/Rechargeable 10180 lithium Ion Battery LAMY M22 pen refill Shipping Now! Hello Everyone, We have some exciting news to share with you all, our shipment has arrived! We're going to start shipping the rewards out as soon as possible and everyone will receive an email confirmation with tracking within the next few days. Once you receive your tracking number, please allow 24-48 hours (most likely less) for your package to scan in and update. Questions? To better serve and answer any questions or concerns, please contact us directly at <email> and we'll be sure to answer you asap. This method will help us better organize messages and answer questions much quicker. Once you start receiving your BOLT²s, we'd love for you to share with us on our Facebook page as well as follow us on Instagram (@fluxmob). Use hashtag #boltanywhere + #fluxmob so we can see all of the cool places around the world you're using BOLT²! Surveys We've got the majority of survey responses, but we still have a few stragglers out there. If you haven't filled out your survey, please take a couple minutes to complete it. We are nearing the final stages of production and we need your responses to finalize everything. We will be placing our T-Shirt order by the end of the week, so if you are expecting a T-Shirt and haven't filled out the survey then your size may not be available at the time of shipment. We're looking at shipping out rewards within two weeks. Questions If you have any questions at all please email us directly at <email> and we'll get an answer to you shortly. Backerkit Surveys Setup your shipping address, choose the color of your BOLT² and even add extra BOLTs and accessories using Backerkit. The invitations are going out shortly, so just check your inbox and follow the super simple instructions to make your selections. If you have any questions at all feel free to email us directly at <email> and we'll get you an answer quickly. Production Update Our factory has already started production and we're on schedule to deliver in July. Here are some photos so you can see the progress. That's all for now, enjoy your week! Thank You! Once again, you guys have gone above and beyond and we want to thank each and every one of our 2,030 backers for not only supporting our kickstarter but also for making it such a huge success. You guys are awesome and we owe it all to you! Thank you, thank you, thank you. What's Next? We are right on schedule and production will begin shortly. We will have more details and images to share in the next few weeks. In the mean time we will be sending out BackerKit surveys in two weeks to collect all necessary backer information. For those unfamiliar with BackerKit, it's a super simple way to manage your pledge, shipping address, and make all of your selections (i.e. color choice, add additional BOLTs, cables and so on). Questions? To better serve and answer any questions or concerns, please contact us directly at <email> and we'll be sure to answer you asap. This method will help us better organize messages and answer questions much quicker. Here's a shout out to our good friends for a very innovative space-saving and ergonomic luggage product that you should definitely check out. It's called BARRACUDA , the world's first fully-collapsible hardside carry-on luggage with built-in ergonomic laptop tray, GPS and a distinctive design. Click here to check out this cool project! Check out BARRACUDA: <url>²? We've still been getting a lot of questions asking how our backers can order multiple BOLT²s. It's easy. Simply adjust your pledge amount by multiplying your reward level to the number of units you want. International backers only need to cover shipping once. For example: If you're one of the lucky backers in the $35 tier and you want 3 BOLTs, simply multiply your pledge amount by 3. $35 x 3 = $105 Don't worry about color selection. We'll take care of that at the end of the campaign with the survey. Help Spread the Word! Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. Ti Mini Q The ultimate titanium key organizer &amp; locking knife in one is now on Kickstarter. Check it out and get one while you can! EcoQube C- Your Window to Nature EcoQube is a desktop ecosystem and the lowest maintenance aquarium ever! You NEVER have to change the filter because it uses natural PLANTS to filter the water! Our friends, the inventors of the EcoQube is offering it for just $59! Get yours HERE: <url>| An Epic Puzzle-Adventure Game Winterflame is a side-scrolling, puzzle adventure game with at least 50 puzzles in 5 different areas and more than 20 magical combinations to overcome them. The puzzles are designed to engage players through color, music and logic and their sheer complexity will thrill and astound you. Discover the wonders of a bizarre yet beautiful environment and how objects react to you and your abilities. What if the act of saving a loved one leads to the uncovering of a distorted truth? Would you be willing to take the plunge and have your perceptions challenged? Check it out Stretch Goal Announcement: Travel Case We received over 100 votes for your choice of stretch goal and almost half of the votes were for the tailored travel case. We reached out to our factory last week and had a sample made to make sure we get the dimensions just right. We've left enough space to squeeze a short cable inside as well. We're still working on the final color and material options, but we're thinking along the lines of gray/black. Here's a photo of the sample below. We'll keep you updated as we get closer to a finalized sample. If you had your heart set on either the car charger or international adapter kit (or all three) then don't worry. We'll also be offering those at the end of the campaign as add ons for a very low price. Share our project Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. Dash 4.0 Wallets Dash Wallets is back on Kickstarter with their latest super-slim wallet. They’re a steal for only $12! Count us in. Check it out here. The WiPy: The Internet of Things Taken to the Next Level We have come across another Kickstarter campaign with a really amazing project that you should definitely check out. It's called The WiPy: an IoT development platform that runs Python in real time, and features the perfect blend of power, friendliness and flexibility. The hardware is 100% Python programmable, and combines a Cortex-M4 microcontroller with a WiFi network processor, making it the Swiss army knife of the Internet of Things. We definitely recommend you check it out! Stretch Goal Ideas We'll be announcing our stretch goal once we hit 72k in funding. We're almost there, but we're pretty confident that we can hit this goal with your help. Right now we have three potential stretch goal ideas. Soft zipper travel case tailored specifically for BOLT² Dual port 2.1A USB car charger International plug adapter kit with carrying pouch Cast your vote in the comments below so we can get a feel for what you'd like to receive. Want More Than One BOLT²? We've been getting a lot of questions asking how our backers can order multiple BOLT²s. It's easy. Simply adjust your pledge amount by multiplying your reward level to the number of units you want. International backers only need to cover shipping once. For example: If you're one of the lucky backers in the $35 tier and you want 3 BOLTs, simply multiply your pledge amount by 3. $35 x 3 = $105 Don't worry about color selection. We'll take care of that at the end of the campaign with the survey. BOLT² Testing Right now our factory is testing some pre production samples that we had made. Testing is going just as expected. Our first crimson unit (as seen on the bottom shelf) is on its way to us now for color verification. We're getting all of this out of the way now so as soon as the campaign ends we'll be able to give the green light to the factory and they can start production right away. Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. LunoWear: 73 Year Old Watchmaker Launches NEWEST Watch With Grandson Check out this kickstarter we just backed! We bet you've never a seen watch like this before! They're called LunoWear . They use all natural bamboo and Ebony wood for the watch case and genuine leather for the band. It's awesome! They have the same sleek and stylish look as other watches but they're WOOD! Stylish yet unique; the perfect combination. At just $45 you get yourself a cool watch AND 20% OFF LUNOWEAR PRODUCTS FOR LIFE! So cool! They also have a really cool back story. Go take a look at their project and support these guys! ODiN - World's first projection mouse We highly recommend you to take a look at our friends' cool project! ODiN is the world's first ever laser projection mouse that starts your user experience anew. Intuitive and responsive, the electro-optical mouse works well on any surface. Compatible with Windows and Mac, it also features a user-defined application "button" in the sensing area. Let the comfy "mouse" stop your wrist harm. They just began their pilot production this week. Check it out! turbotop™ - a mesmerizing spinning top with turbo blades Our friends at turbotop introduce a spinning top inspired by Leonardo’s drawings and jet turbines. Spinning tops were invented thousands of years ago and they continue to be very popular with people of all ages. The turbotop brings a different design to this ancient toy: it introduces turbine blades which create amazing 3D optical illusions of the reverse rotation traveling through the entire height of the turbotop . Packaging Design We've received our first round of packaging design and wanted to share it with all of you. The overall packaging will be a white box with a flip down door on the inside and a slide out cover will wrap around the outside. What do you think? Please continue to help us spread the word about BOLT² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! We would also like to share with you some other really cool projects that we've backed recently. MAGZET: The Audio Jack Reinvented with the Power of Magnets We'd like to give a shout out to another company who launched a Kickstarter campaign for something incredibly cool that you should definitely check out. It's called MAGZET, an audio jack that connects to your devices via magnets. Think Apple MagSafe but for audio jacks which helps save your devices, headphones, and audio cables from damage! They launched a couple weeks back and have been featured in numerous articles, including Fast Company, Billboard and Gizmag. Check it out here: <url>™ | A Pocket-Sized Water Bottle Fit for any Adventure Did you know that US consumers use and throw away 90,000 disposable water bottles every MINUTE? That's 50 billion plastic bottles per year. And less than a quarter are actually recycled! The HYDAWAY Collapsible Water Bottle is a convenient, space-saving solution to this epidemic. And they are running a Kickstarter campaign right now. You can get your bottle by clicking here: <url>’s possible to make a difference, and we think you’ll agree. What’s even cooler is that they have partnered with 1% for the Planet to offer a stretch goal to backers in honor of Earth Day. If they reach $70,000 by midnight on Earth Day, the creator will personally donate the equivalent of 1% of their TOTAL fundraising effort to this great organization! ArcLighter - Flameless, Electronic Candle Lighter Our friends over at Ignite Lighters is changing the way you light candles forever. The ArcLighter is the world’s first flameless, electronic, rechargeable candle lighter powered by Ignite Lighter's patent pending ArcLighter Technology. This revolutionary new lighter has no flame and requires no fuel. Instead, it's powered by a rechargeable battery and produces a super high-intensity electric arc that can instantly light candles, incense, gas stoves, and a whole lot more! Check it out here: <url>"Best Damn Duffel Bag" Their campaign raised $430k and has claimed the title as the “Most Successful Bag on Kickstarter”! This classic barrel bag is redesigned for the Modern Individual. Introducing Bomber Barrel - the best damn everyday carry by Bomber &amp; Company. Don't forget this is your LAST CHANCE to get a Bomber Barrel and get 20% OFF with pre-order discount code: “KickBomber” Link is HERE: <url>² by sharing our story with your friends and followers. Just one Tweet or Facebook share can mean a world of difference! Tap this image below to Tweet your followers: Tap this image below to share on Facebook: We'd also like to share with you our friend's over at iForte's newest project: FUSION Stand FUSION Stand merges functionality with a minimalistic style into a sleek desktop solution. It is crafted from a solid piece of aircraft grade aluminum. Raise your monitor, improve your posture, charge/dock your iPhone &amp; iPad, Galaxy smartphone &amp; tablet, and keep your desk organized with the elegantly designed stand. Designed and Made in the USA. Thanks everyone and have a great day! @TC and LaRae, send us an email at <email> and we can help you out. @Alex and Serge, please email us at <email> and we'll help you out right away. @Chonnawat, we just replied to you email. @Brad, we received your email and will take care of it right away. @bluetooth, please send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Sylvester, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. Erik, send us an email at <email> and we'll get it figured out. @Andy, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @bluetooth, send us an email at <email> and we will take care of it. @Alex, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Gordon, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Kevin, no problem, we can help you out. Just replied to your email. @Roberto, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. @Natassia, We received your email and we'll get it taken care of. @Monocher, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. @Zachary, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. @LaRae, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. @Hill, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Chaserman, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Sylvester, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. @Gavin, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Diego, Production is finishing up now and if all goes well we should be receiving the next batch at the end of the coming week. @ Alejandro, please email us at <email> and we'll help you out. @Vijay, the next shipment will be arriving shortly and you'll receive an email confirmation. We've also replied to your email. @Bryan, please email us at <email> and we'll help you out. @Kaweewat, we have replied to you email. @Chaseman, Thank you for your comment. We are currently in production of our second batch of units. We had some supply chain issues that have been resolved and production is currently underway. Anyone who is expecting a replacement will receive an email as soon as it ships. We are working as fast as possible while maintaining a high standard of quality. Thank you for your patience. @raul, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out @Sarah, just replied to your email. @Anna, send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out. @Jared, no worries, please send us an email at <email> and we'll help you right out. @Adrian & Thomas, thanks guys, glad you're enjoying them! @Kelly, send us an email at <email> and we'll get it taken care of. Joseph, We just sent you an email. @Trevor, no problem, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you. @Matt, thanks for the kind words, it means a lot to us. We really appreciate everyones support, you guys made it all possible! We should be up on amazon this sometime this fall. @Cathy, We just sent you an email. We'll take care of it right away. @Kris, send us an email at <email> and we'll get you taken care of right away. @ Tavit, we just replied to your email. @Vijay, Don't worry, we will be happy to help you out. Please email us at <email> @Mihailo, sorry we didn't receive your email but we'll take care of you right away. @Ayman & ChefSean, we'll be happy to help both of you out, please email <email> @Sue, please send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. @Diego, send us an email at <email> and we'll help diagnose the issue you're seeing. @Zachary, send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. @Wikorn, please send us an email at <email> and we'll help you out right away. @Alexander, please send us an email at <email> so we can help diagnose what you're seeing. Thanks. @John, it can warm but it is completely safe. Please email us at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. @Natassia, Not sure what you're referring to. Are you saying that your BOLT2 is interfering with with your radio? That doesn't sound like an issue with BOLT2. Can you send us an email at <email> so we can help diagnose what you're seeing? @Alireza, the pouch does fit our short cables :) <url>’t want to disconnect and reconnect the cable then you can manually start charging. Also some cables without a metal tip aren’t recognized for automatic charging. @Eric, just replied to your email. Anyone else with questions or concerns please email us at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. @Juliet, we can definitely help you (and anyone else) out. Just send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Hi All, anyone experiencing any issue or have any questions please email us at <email> and we'll take care of it right away! @ Andrew, everything should be automatic charging, but send us an email at <email> and we'll get everything figured out. @Nathan, we haven't ran into that problem but send us an email at <email> and we'll see if we can figure it out. @heyyceejayy, While charging your BOLT2 on the wall all 4 blue LEDs will be solid when your BOLT2 is completely charged. For your s6 edge you should expect to get just under 2 full charges. If you have any additional questions please feel free to email us at <email>. @N, This time around the cables were not included but were available as add on's in backerkit but you can also still get them on our site: <url>² and a short cable. Unfortunately the pouch color will only be available in one color but it'll be a lighter color (not black like the sample image). @Kurtis, yes absolutely. At the end of the campaign, there will options for you to add on certain items, including the international travel kit (US to UK, EU and AUS adapters). @ Armando, don't worry, that was just a basic sample. The final pouch will be much better. @Frank, Right now there will only be support for the US plug type, but because BOLT2 works with 100-240v outlets you can just use a simple a plug adapter. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Gavin, yes to get three units just triple your pledge. Let us know if you have any other questions and thanks for the support! @Lawrence, Sounds good, thanks for the support! @Michael, yes that's correct. @Nolan, You're correct. Ultimately for us it comes down to size, capacity, and cost. Battery technology is definitely something that hasn't made huge advancements in recent years, so we picked the best balance of those three attributes. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Lawrence, Charging BOLT2 from empty can take roughly 6 hours. In terms of charge cycles, the batteries are rated at 500 cycles before a noticeable loss in capacity. In terms of standby, BOLT2 isn't meant to be left in a bag for months on end. We'd estimate on the order of a couples weeks before you notice a loss in charge. Let us know if you have any other questions and thanks for the support! @Nolan, the LEDs are pretty straight forward. The bottom green LED will be solid to indicate charging, and the four blue LEDs will show battery capacity in 25% increments. When you plug BOLT2 into the wall it will do a startup animation lighting up all of the LEDs in order and then it will show the current charge level. With BOLT unplugged, you can quickly see how much charge is remaining by pressing the button. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Jeremy, That's correct. BOLT2 has automatic current distribution. For example, If you have one iPad charging with BOLT2 it will pull up to 2.4A. If you decide to add a second iPad to charge, then the current will be automatically balanced between the two devices where they will receive about 1.2A each. Hopefully that answers your question. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Marc, That's correct BOLT2 puts out 2.4A shared, so it can hit 2.4A on one port if needed. Thank you for the feedback. Let us know if you have any other questions. @James, The product you've mentioned is literally twice as big as BOLT2, only has an output of 2.1A (compared to BOLT2's 2.4A), it's more expensive, and isn't very attractive. It looks like you've made the right choice in supporting our project! Let us know if you have any other questions. @Steven, Great suggestion. It may be hard to see in the images but we actually did in fact smooth out the edges and corners so they are not as sharp this time. @Joseph, Thank you, we greatly appreciate it! @Trevor, That's unfortunate, but we're glad that you're onboard for BOLT2! @Marcello, We did think about this during design. It sounds counterintuitive, but building a universal plug port would actually take up more space overall once the US plug is mounted. By using a simple plug adapter it's essentially the same as removable plugs, but it keeps the design more streamlined. In addition to saving space, this also greatly reduced our production costs and allowed BOLT2 to be more affordable. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Kim, BOLT2 is only designed to charge from an A/C outlet. We would have liked to have added alternate methods to charge BOLT2, but it would complicate the circuit, add extra bulk, and add extra cost. For those reasons we decided to stick to A/C charging only. You could, however, charge your BOLT in car with a power inverter. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Paul, yeah unfortunately using an adapter is the only option right now. @ Lukasz, Yes, you use a standard US to EU adapter for the European outlet. BOLT2 supports 100-240v outlets. @I3igcircle, yes we'll be using USPS to ship to Canada :) @ Michael, Awesome, thanks for the support and tip! We're going to send them a message now. Hopefully they'll give us a shot. @Ko, If BOLT2 is plugged into the wall it will always give full priority to charging the devices that are connected before charging itself. It does not charge both simultaneously because this would slow down the charging of both itself and the connected device. Thanks for backing! @SomethingSketchy, Great to hear that your original BOLT is still getting some use! Adding an additional USB port was definitely high on our list. The same thing happens to us when someone else forgets to bring their BOLT. We would have liked to have added alternate methods to charge BOLT2, but it would complicate the circuit, add extra bulk, and add extra cost. For those reasons we decided to stick to A/C charging only. You could, however, charge your BOLT in car with a power inverter. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Peter, Glad to hear you're still using your original BOLT! These new shirts are even better than our first set. @Alex, No problem. We have a few ideas in mind. Stay tuned for the announcement. @Paul, We do offer international plug adapter kits on our website as well as cables. Currently we do not have plans to include a charging cable with BOLT2. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Marco, BOLT2 only supports the US plug at this time, but you can use a standard plug adapter and it will work internationally. @Alex, BOLT2 does not use quick charge 2.0. By faster charging we are comparing the output rate of standard USB (500ma) to BOLT2 which has 2.4A output. This will provide a maximum charge rate that's over 4 times faster than standard USB. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Shahriar, BOLT2 acts both as a regular wall charger and battery backup. While BOLT2 is plugged into the wall it will bypass the battery conserving its life. Priority is given to the devices attached first and then BOLT2 will take care of charging itself. All of this is handled automatically without the need for a manual switch. I hope that answered your question, but feel free to follow up. @Francisco, BOLT2 has automatic current distribution. This means that it if one device is plugged in it can pull up to 2.4A from either port. If you decide that you want to plug in another device then it will automatically balance the current so both devices take what they need (up to a total of 2.4A). Let us know if you have any other questions. @Kelly, BOLT2 will give an iPhone 6 about two full charges and it will charge faster than the charger that came with the iPhone. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Lance, yes that's correct. @Juan, BOLT is designed only to be charged with the A/C prongs. @Senad, You can order more by multiplying your pledge amount. If you are an international backer then you only need to pay for international shipping once. Let us know if you have any other questions. @Jeff, for A/C input it's at 0.15A, so you're looking at around 6 hours to fully charge an empty BOLT2 on the wall. @Jeff, 100-240V A/C (Globally Supported) @Briahna, That would be nice, but unfortunately our factory minimums per color are pretty high. Depending on the funding level that we reach it could be a possibility. Thanks for reaching out and let us know if you have any other questions. @Chris, yes you can:) Just change your pledge amount in the increments of how many you want (dependent in the reward level). @Peter and @David, Thanks for the support! We're really excited about BOLT2 @David, At this time we are not including any cables with BOLT2, but they are currently available for purchase on our website: <url>’s) after a few months. When I reached out to the company they wanted to charge me for a replacement and offer a discount. Waste of money with no qa on their side. Sad, wanted this to really work out :( Mine stopped working last year. It overheats and doesn't charge anything. I threw it away. Late comment, I know, but wanted to just say that mine does not work properly. I will not charge anything. Disappointed to say the least. Mine is not holding charge And now it's not charging on the wall anymore. When i try to wall charge it it is burning hot and seem to expand. I'm on my third unit now, and it's stopped taking a charge after only a month. Are you guys doing anything about the QA on this, and is there any reason to believe that my fourth replacement will fare any better? I can't trust that this will work on trips anymore, and it defeats the purpose to have to carry this and a separate charger in case it failed me again. I also have issue where bolt2 does not hold my charge. Already sent mail! Also having an issue with my Bolt 2 no longer charging (or doing anything). I emailed customer support i think there is quality problem the second one the outlet tooth come out Hey flux mob, I'm having issues charging my bolt2. It would hold its charge, keeps blinking with 1 more, and it's been charging the whole day, this is my 2nd bolt2, was working fine before this. My replacement Bolt no working any more, it won't charge when I pluged it on and power source. Anyone else having a problem where half the time when plugging in a USB cable, the Bolt does nothing at all? I have to say your customer service is top notch! great item and it helps me a lot for charging phones My Bolt2 completely fried itself. Literally, there's a melted part on the outside. Won't charge, won't recharge, won't do anything. Has there been anything done with any replacements differently so the issue doesn't happen anymore? If so, I want to try and give Bolt2 at least another chance. No power ... No light ... My Bolt2 is dead Charged up my Bolt2 last night, lights blinking to show it is charging. This afternoon (12/24) I tried to use this battery to charge up my iPhone 6 Plus. Nothing. Dead. At least I was only on the couch at my relatives. No power whatsoever going from Bolt2 to iPhone....pushing the button whichever way did nothing. Tried a different cable. Nothing. Ahhhhh I loved this Bolt2 and I'm so sad it's no longer working. (I even where my Fluxmob t-shirt lots!) Now it won't even charge itself when plugged into wall outlet :(. Hi. Mine is now totally unreliable and I can't trust it, so have to carry a charger and only use it as a battery. I plug it in at night, shows my phone is charging and when I wake up...zero charge. Also it's just started that when its plugged into the wall and I hold the button down, it starts charging my phone and then immediately stops. Love the concept, but seems it doesn't work - or gave the right quality - to do the job. Please let know how we can get this fixed. Hi, I sent an email about a Bolt2 not charging anything a few minutes ago. I hope we can get this worked out because when it was working, it was the best and most cost effective battery backup that I had for my devices. Thank you. It's unfortunate there seems to be a persistent quality concern with this product. Fluxmob is great in customer support, but the root issue needs to be solved. I have to admit I hesitate to bring my Bolt2 as my only charger when I go on a trip, because I just don't have full trust in it. When I pack I end up throwing in an extra charger, just in case. Replacement unit stone cold dead after ~1 month. Won't even charge a device while plugged into the outlet. No lights. Have already emailed you folks, just thought I'd share with everyone. Does seem that there's something amiss in QA department at the factory. Got my replacement real quick thank u lets hope this one is perfect keep it up fluxmob team My is not working it doesn't charge anything Hi fluxmob I just sent an email about my bolt. Kinda bummed out because it was supposed to come with me to new york today. My replacement stop charging itself??? :( what to do?? My Bolt2 replacement - sent due to a previously faulty unit that was overheating and no longer charging - has overheated and the plastic on the outside started to melt. Is there a way to get a refund rather than another replacement? I have the original Bolt and love it, but I'm a bit concerned that something serious could happen if I'm not home to hear the sizzle and smell the burning plastic. Sent you an email! My bolt suddenly will not charge anymore...What happened? .... my bolt2 replacement is not working now, total working hours may be 2 days only, no hot issues right, but no light, no charging now. Any QA procedure in place actually? got my replacement yesterday charge it gonna take it around with me today!! thanks for great communication flux mob team hope this one work perfectly :) Guess I must be doing something wrong because my replacement Bolt 2 is now dead. Didn't get super hot this time around, but when I plug it in I get no lights and it does not charge any connected device. Sigh... Hi Dear, I received my BOLT² few months ago (around July or August), it was great but after months of use, my BOLT²'s top part (the part that contain the power adapter) got a bit swelling, and when I use the BOLT² as the charger to charge my devices, it went a bit over heat, this scared my to use it as a charger because I am afraid that it will explode. So can I request a replacement for my BOLT²? Get my replacement in Hong Kong, working well, No more super hot issue. GREAT! Just received my replacement Bolt2's in Canada! Trickle charging seems to be working great on the new version. Thanks for the great customer service! Replacement arrived!! So far so goo and I must say exceptionally please with the customer service. Happy to report that I received my replacement Bolt2 and am very happy so far! Best customer service ever! Hopefully the replacement will work more than 1 day this time around! Received word that my replacement Bolt 2 has shipped. I want to commend Fluxmob for its excellent customer service. This company should be proud. They stand by their products and take care of their customers. I find that all three of my Bolts struggle to charge anything, both in the wall and on reserve power. Say my phone is on 20%, I can get it to at most 45%. Any solutions? It's been a long time since I sent you the defective product, I want to know what's going on with the replacement! Thanks Diego I received my Bolt2 and I am having a strange behavior as it is turning itself off when it is in battery mode after about 15 min. I can turn it back on and it says full battery. Any ideas I don't remember how long I had both my box but they are great!!! I hope in the future you guys come out with a thin one! It takes a lot of space when I bring a real flat small purse Hi Fluxmob... Its been more than a month.. I am yet to get an update on the replacement. Bolt2 won't charge anything unless it's plugged into the wall despite the batteries appearing to be fully charged. Also gets REALLY hot when plugged in. How do I get support? Mine stopped working today, could not be charged. I have sent you an email, expecting a reply. Thanks. @fluxmob Thank you for the update. I'll look out for that email. In the absence of an update from the creator, which I have requested, I am posting what I know just so others are in the loop. Let me preface this update by saying I, like others, have been VERY impressed with Fluxmob's responsiveness and efforts at resolving. I share this information in the spirit of TRANSPARENCY that should come with crowdfunding. As crowdfunders, we expect that nothing is guaranteed and that problems will occur. What we expect is the communication of those kind of issues which, for the most part, Fluxmob has delivered. Like so many of you, I encountered the "hot brick" issue with my Bolt2 after about 2 weeks of use. I was advised mid-August that the root cause had been identified in a "small %" of units and that a new batch of fixed products was en route, with an ETA of 3 weeks. This was after being given a similar ETA about a month prior in a separate communicationon. So, first reported my issue July 26 and current ETA is September 21. Obviously it's hard to estimate just how large/small the number of affected issues from what's being reported on the board, but I remain faithful that Fluxmob will get things figured out and that I'll hopefully have a working Bolt2 by month's end. Must say fastest customer service ever. Had an issue, working on resolution almost immediate response. Thanks! Very dissapointed mine doesnt even work Faster customer service ever! Very happy with Fluxmob. Fluxmob customer service is about the quickest in response you'll come across. Big ups. Hi the same thing as Jared has happened to us, I will email you details. Sarah Hi, I have the same problem too! It suddenly just stopped working yesterday! Couldn't even charged it and the light no longer comes on/blinks! I'm so upset :( I am so upset with this product I bought two Bolt2 and BOTH of them stopped working! They both no longer charge and when you try to charge them they overheat to a point where it's dangerous to even touch them and are definitely a fire hazard. My USB ports don't allow the cables to connect fully, and as of two days ago, my Bolt2 got so hot to even touch when it was in the outlet and the light no longer comes on when plugged. My Bolt2 is officially dead. I have been very pleased, small size, looks great and works great. Perfect travel solution to always have power available for charging phone and tablet. Great work! Hi Fluxmob, I just wanted to thank you for a great product and Kickstarter campaign. Both my Bolt2s work as advertised, were delivered very quickly and have been invaluable. Thankfully, I have not encountered the issues the other backers are. Also the campaign was well run with good communications during and after, stuck to timeline and quick turnaround from campaign to shipping. Great job Fluxmob. It has been a great Kickstarter experience with your project and I would not hesitate to back and promote your next project. I've been using my Bolt2 for the past two weeks on vacation. I noticed that it doesn't support trickle charging, it shuts off as soon as my phones are fully charged. The problem is if I plug in before sleeping, I wake up with the phones less than 100% because it stopped during the night. Is this normal? Any way to override this behaviour and have it work like normal chargers? Thanks! I got mine and it worked initially, but now after it died and I charged it, it charges my device for 3 seconds and then shuts itself off I've been using mine now for a few weeks including on two business trips. I just wanted to leave you some positive feedback. You did a great job hitting your timeline, providing updates, and delivering a really nice looking product with great functionality. Being able to travel with just this instead of a battery pack and two separate wall chargers is awesome. I've had several coworkers inquire about how to get one. I've been directing to your presale page. Out of curiosity when will this be available from Amazon.com? I sent you an email.... My Bolt2 doesn't work! No lights come on and when I plug it in it gets really hot! As a backer of the original Bolt, I thought my new ones were broken when my device didn't start charging immediately when I plugged my devices into the Bolt^2. Then I saw people mention that you have to hold the button down! Seems to be working great now! Love the case :) Got my Bolt2 and the USB ports don't allow the cables to connect fully. They seem to catch on something 2/3 of the way down. As well on the 4th charge the Bolt2 got so hot I had to use a towel to get it out of the outlet. Since that the lights no longer come on and if it is plugged into an outlet it get hot within seconds. Any help would be appreciated. got my Bolt2 for 2 weeks didn't have a chance to use it. was unboxing it yesterday and the battery was 0% in the Bolt2 , so i recharge it from 11pm and now it's 4pm (the next day) and my Bolt2 still haven't reach FULL recharge yet. What took it so long? only 6,000mAh and it should take this long to recharge it. i got other powerbank with 10,400mAh only took me 8hr to fully charge it. please contact back as it seem to be issue with it. Have not received my pledge yet, darn USPS...the package seems lost somewhere. However, These guys are very responsive and willing to help all the time. I trust they deliver the most quality service. Way to go!! I just wanted to post to say although some have had issues with their bolts (myself included), Fluxmob has responded with great customer service and in my opinion is and has been doing everything they can to correct the issues. I'd just hate to see everything get too negative in here and while disappointing, with a little patience things will eventually work them selves out. If you buy the first generation of any product you take a risk at least they are communicating and willing to help right. I'm still waiting over a year later for my nude audio super Ms and there is no sign they will ever come. Just let it be... #1stworldproblems OMG!! I see so many mentioning same issues!!! Hi Fluxmob... I am so damn disappointed that mine is already stopped working :( its not charging at all. I also sent an email to <email> prior to this (its been 5 days) and still no response. Hi, I seem to be having the same issues as the people below. I used it upon my first charge, and now my Bolt is not working. Please help. Also as I tried unplugging it, it was so hot it burnt my fingers to a point where I was afraid it could have explode or catch own fire!!! What's the deal guys??? I too am having troubles as it's not working no less and not charging... Hi I'm recive my bolt2 today But when I'm I try using and charging Not working I charged up my Bolt2 for the first time and was very alarmed at how very hot it became. The lights did indicated that it was charging etc. I took it with me on vacation anxious and when I went to charge my phone, the bolt2 did not work. The light didn't come on. I tried to recharge it but nothing happened. I know how this works because I have a bolt. Can you help me out please? Hey guys, my BOLT2 is too hot and is not working anymore... Hey creators, This evening when I unplugged my Bolt² from the wall I dropped it because it was way too hot to touch. It's also no longer functioning. I'm sure the two are related, but I wanted to let you know in the event the problem may become something more serious. Hi friends, I received my Bolt² yesterday and I love it! Ready for support your next project! Thanks! Just wanna say that I am very impressed the company sent me e-mail to explain the issue and finding solution really promptly. And apparently according to them this weird behavior i described is a feature requested by previous customers. Keep up the good work guys! Received the Bolt today. The design is very beautiful, light and small for a 2.4A charger with 6000 mAh battery. However it has a serious design flaw (unless mine is defected.) Imagine this use case. You left the Bolt plugged into the wall along with cable while you went out with your phone for a bit, you came back and put the cable back into the phone expecting it to start charging the phone like any charger. But no, it will NOT charge unless you press the button for like 5 seconds. This is a very serious design mistake. I checked the original Bolt and this behavior do not occur. (I left cable plugged into Bolt without phone for 10 minutes and then plug the phone. It instantly charge which Bolt2 DO NOT.) Revieved my Bolt2. Charges up, and charges my phone in both ports. Unfortunetly nothing at all happens when I try to charge my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro. Tried 4 different cables 3rd party aswell as the one from Samsung. (Cables works on my Phone but not my Tablet) Already received a response from support. Saddened that I will have to wait for the next shipment of product, but content that FluxMob has awesome customer service and that I am being taken care of! Got mine a few weeks ago but am now faced with a "bricked" Bolt2. Omar, I understand where you're coming from in terms of "complaining" here on Kickstarter, but I do think that it's important for other backers to see how things are going. By simply contacting FluxMob, no one knows how many folks are having problems. So, I've opted to do both - email directly and post here. This way, if more and more of us log that we're having problems, we'll know that FluxMob may need to go back to the drawing board and produce a more reliable product. But if it's truly only an occasional lemon, then the campaign should be considered a success. Does that make sense? *Mine I'm in Australia and have just received mind :) it's charged up and I'll give it a go tomorrow IF YOU EMAIL THEM INSTEAD OF COMPLAINING ON HERE THEY WILL EMAIL YOU BACK AND OFFER TO SEND YOU A WORKING BOLT ASAP. just thought you guys should know these guys are actually really good on their promise, I had one working bolt^2 an one that wouldnt work at all so just email them at <email> and they will take care of you I have a problem that the device charging the LED doesn't go on. and while charging ti is so HOT...I scare it blow up. And it felt not changing....and cannot charge my phone... i got 2 of this...now none of it work I love my little battery. I like not having to be stuck on the wall. So I bought that thing for the car and it messes with my radio. It's static. I got mine yesterday, It is awesome, works pefect. I wish the zipper bag was one size bigger so we could be able to put the cord in it. Thanks I have the same problem as eric now the device no longer charge itself the light indicator also stop working I was one of the unlucky ones whose Indiegogo micro USB cord arrived on the same day as my Bolt. Unlucky because one of them was defective. Luckily, it was the cord. However, it did take me awhile to figure out the on/off switch as it wasn't as intuitive as I would have imagined. Otherwise, I really love this thing. I am addicted to chargers for some reason, and this one is now my all-time fave. What is the purpose of the manual on/off function? If the unit charges automatically then I'm not understanding why a manual function is needed? Sorry to ask, I just want to understand and use it for its full capabilities. Got my Bolt2 on Friday. I confirm that I also have to initiate charging through pressing the button, even when the Bolt is plugged into the wall. However, as of today the device no longer works, doesn't charge itself or any device and battery indicators no longer light up. Mine arrived yesterday! Charger itself looks and works great as advertised. Packaging is nice. Carrying case is a great addition :). Great job Fluxmob! Just to touch on my previous comment, we had assumed that if the Bolt was plugged in and a device was plugged in, it would charge. Didnt realize we had to turn it on when plugged in to charge your phone. Got mine the other day and wrapped it up with a bow. Gave it to my wife as a gift. She didn't turn it on the first night so she was a little bummed that her phone didnt charge. We read the manual and were good to go. She is using it right now! Update: For real, though, send an email if you've got an issue with your unit because Fluxmob is super responsive. <url>� I'm just hoping for a couple main things with this charging device; That it isn't choosey between devices and charging cords "The Lithium Card Pro has issues with some devices, and is very picky with which charger wires I use to either charge it or another device, and plus has wild non-sense light shows that even Linear Flux hasn't replied as to what the light show codes mean." Basically- I hope this device is just as compliant of a charger as a normal/nothing-fancy wall wort that can charge any usb device with nearly any charging wire/cord. Also hoping that the LED's aren't bright and crazy blinking constantly "Like the Lithium Card Pro device does." Or at least offer a on/off button if it does have bright lights that never turn off/stop flashing while charging itself/another device. Hi folks, any eta on availability that you can share please? @Creator: Awesome! I can't wait to witness your product first hand so I can market it truthfully and in great detail to those I believe that would buy it but may not otherwise ever find it! @Fluxmob, Ok, thanks, BTW, if I want to get an International Travel Kit with my Bolt 2 in a same shipment, how am I able to do that? Hi Dear Fluxmob: Bolts 2 is a great product, I can't wait to get my hands on it, just wanna know when will I receive the survey? Best regard @Creator- I know of a bunch of people at my college and in my neighborhood as well as around the country "Friends" that would love to buy the Bolt2®. Do you believe it could be possible for individuals to either set up a personal website so they can forward potential buyers to it, so once they buy the product/s on the site the original referrer "Me" gets a small bonus or incentive? Power went out in my house today because someone took out an electric pole. Had to charge my phone in my car.....but couldn't help thinking that I really wish I had my Bolt 2 hahaha Congrats for the successful campaign! I am excited and looking forward to using your Bolt^2. It looks great :) Can't wait for this product ! So exited! When should we be receiving the survey ? Congratulation once again Fluxmob!. i just can't wait to receive the product. Hope the production process is going to be just fine. sure im waiting for your next invention. Cheers! Ok, got it. @Creator-I meant by splicing a usb cable onto the input usb wire of a usb splitter, in order to give it dual equal inputs from dual usb sources. Then maybe with the help of a couple blocking diodes this could work without backfeeding to either of the devices, and instead getting the desired results. Looking forward to this awesome update to an already amazing product. I can't wait to receive this. Neither can my mom, since it's her (belated) Mother's Day present. Congratulations Fluxmob Team. This is an awesome innovation in device charging and it's no surprise you're fully funded. On to Production!! Can I connect two bolts together in parallel for added power for a usb splitter device? HI, I would like to know if there is an option to choose electrical outlet plug type? As I would prefer Type C or D. @K, The fast charge feature is a proprietary feature of either Qualcomm (the company that made the processor in your phone) or Samsung, depending on where you bought your phone. It won't charge as fast, but still much quicker than a standard wall charger. Also, any chance of a 100k stretch goal including a short cable? But if bolt 2 is plugged into power and it's charging a device, will it charge the device at 2.4a? Any chance of a bolt1 add on? Seems like the smaller size would be nice too So it won't kill battery to keep bolt plugged into wall all the time? Even when no device is connected being charged? Will this BOLT turn itself off when it's charged the plugged-in device? That's my only issue with the original. If I didn't remember to pull it out and turn it off, it just drained down to nothing. Is pass through charging possible with bolt 2 (charge it and device at the same time?) Will it also be at 2.4 a? How many Colour option of Short charge cable, is it just black? Or any others? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @creator.. Bolt can charge my Note 4 as fast as its Original Fast Charger??[I can charge more than 50% in 30 minutes with samsung galaxy note 4 original Fast Charger] *bought So excited to get this! Almost bout the first Bolt but glad this popped up! :] How many full charges for an iPhone 6 Plus? Have you looked into a mesh pocket on the outside of the stretch goal case? This would allow a cable to come along for the ride without scratching the Bolt². Great. Same question for an iPhone 6. Do you get several full charge cycles out of the BOLT2? How does the BOLT2 perform with an iPad Air vs the BOLT first generation? I have the first version which I plan on giving to my wife and can say how amazing that is. Super happy to be part of this funding as well. Just a quick question...How many Watts is this? I'm getting a Surface 3 and would like to charge that with this as well but I think it needs at least 13W from the charger. Hey guys, I just wanted to leave a note about the shirts here, as I've seen no one has backed one. The shirts are absolutely fantastic people. I got one from last year's batch, and they felt absolutely perfect. Great for working out, or just wearing casually. I was able to grab this year's a bit early, and they are even better! Fluxmob makes amazing tech, and I have my Bolt in the car with me all the time. But their shirts are also really good, and wanted to give them a shoutout. Just pledged for $50, I'm new to Kickstarter, when will I receive my fluxmob bolt? Didn't ask for my address or anything. I'm confused. Well basically Conversion Efficiency and how much power dissipates while it is in standby =) Btw, do we know how much is power leak? Im still holding you guys for that AC power charger =) Also, does it come with the usb cable as pictured? If we want a second bolt, should we pledge again or will we be able to add to the order though the survey? common...i cannot wait to get the product Though I like your new logo, why the change from the previous one? Is it likely that the Bolt2 will be produced and shipped to backers fairly close to your projected schedule since you already manufacture the first version? Case is realy crap, useless 4 me is there any next stretch goal ?? Hi Fluxmob, I would love to purchase the USB Car Charger as an add on after and if would be fantastic if the travel case could accommodate both? More importantly, if there is anyway to have a more brightly coloured case even as an optional added cost, that would be fantastic. Thanks. will there be uk support adapter? That case looks cheap, hopefully the material you do decide on is nicer. Maybe something not so puffy and a soft touch material that reminds us of the way the battery feels. I don't know if we need padding. I'm anxious to see what you guys come up with � can i have it all? Soft zipper travel case tailored specifically for BOLT² Dual port 2.1A USB car charger International plug adapter kit with carrying pouch ;) International adaptor kit for sure!!!!!! Dual port 2.1A USB car charger "Dual port 2.1A USB car charger" Stretch Goal please. case Car charger is a nice stretch goal which we are at. Congrats on $72k! I also like the zipper case option. international kit would be nice. International charging adapter kit So close to reaching the $72k stretch goal target! Zipper case International plug kit please! Zipper case would be great. Another good update would be to allow the device to glow in the dark, then off there's a power outage, you can better see where the charger is. What would be even better than that is if it had a tiny uv led just under a glow in the dark "dot" with an auto power cycle. So then it would be very easy to find the green glowing dot of the Bolt². Also zipper case=no, I think a pull string draw bag with company logo would be better! Less likely to break, plus the device could be charging your phone while in its bag. Just draw the opening closed around the power cord! Done! Update- both usb ports can give 2.4A at the same time. Plus they give 5.5V instead of only 5V. By upping the voltage, the device is able to charge a device faster. Higher voltage= more current gets past internal resistance without turning into heat. Case. Dual port usb charger 2.1 car charger!!!!!!! Dual port 2.1A USB car charger I would like the zipper case for the next stretch goal :) Soft zipper travel case tailored specifically for BOLT² zipper case I went for the international plug kit for Bolt v1. TBH it was very cheap and very flimsy. Unless quality is significant improved I don't think it's a worthy companion to Bolt. International plug kit Case Zipper case International plug adapter kit for sure! International plug kit would be great. Zipper case. Zipper case would be nice especially if there were a pouch to hold cables. International plug Zipper case! This user's account has been deleted. Zipper Case Zipper case Order of preference: 1. Car charger 2. Case 3. International kit Soft zipper bag would be great. I like the idea of the zipper bag. Soft zippered carry bag. Is the zippered bag either a kickstarter exclusive edition or exclusive to kickstarter funders? thanks! @fluxmob Stretch goal (order of preference) With good explanations why 1. Zippered bag (if exclusive to kickstarter or we get exclusive kickstarter edition otherwise change preference 1 and 2) 2. Travel adapter set (one of the most compact adapters I've seen you can buy, let's face it fellow funders you either need this because you live somewhere else or you travel and you could use this) 3. Car charger (you can get 4 port 4.8 amp chargers for $20 on Amazon) Car charger For stretch goal, in order of preference: 1) Dual port 2.1A USB car charger 2) International plug adapter kit with carrying pouch 3) Soft zipper travel case tailored specifically for BOLT² Keep up the awesome work guys! Zippered bag preferred for stretch goal Will there be a version with the EU plug ? @Creator I wanted to double check before I changed my pledge, but if I triple my pledge will I receive 3 Bolt2s or is it capped at 2 per backer? Might be a good idea to double up as well. I'm holding tight to see what the stretch goal could unlock. But I'm on board regardless. I doubled my pledge. Will I be able to get two BOLT2s. Just from a general, inexpert knowledge of lithium batteries, that sounds like generally an alright performance set. Not bad by any means, and... also a few notches down from the "performance" battery tier. I know there are a few more advanced (cycle rating, standby, even perhaps uptake speed) battery technologies out there, and I'm a little curious as to whether the obstacle to their use is in retaining a small form factor, simple cost, or something else. Is it possible that we might see improved battery tech as a strench goal, or are the current models simply the bottom-line best reasonable for the product? @FluxMob I am really liking this Product from everything that's been said. I have a question regarding the charging of the device itself. How long is the charging cycle of the bolt2 in order to charge the 6000a battery to full capacity? Also have you guys calculated the number of full cycle charges the bolt2 battery can handle before it starts losing capacity and performance? The only reason I ask is I have a 2.1 battery charger that used to hold the charge very well and over the course of about 2 months it won't fully charge my iPhone overnight yet takes hours to fully charge. One last question. How long can the bolt2 hold its charge on standby? Thanks again guys and I'm really looking fwd to making this my goto pick for my EDC charger. Thanks. I wasn't able to catch the original campaign, but read some decently positive reviews afterward. Out of curiosity, what will be the LED behavior of the BOLT² while charging [the backup itself]? Will it animate, or show a display of charge progress? One review of the original BOLT suggested that the former behavior was displayed, making it a little tough to tell how full the battery was without physically going to the device. I have the original Bolt and love it. I'm trying to wrap my head around the differences in charging abilities, so lets see if I'm understanding. If I used B2 to only charge 1 device, such as my iPhone or iPad, it will be charging the 1 device at a higher amp meaning it will charge faster. If I want to charge my iPhone and iPad at the same time, the amp output is less, so even though they can both be charging, the iPad is not charging as fast as it would be on it's own, or as it would be if I were using the charger provided by Apple. In the end, it's still awesome that I can do both together and de-clutter my travel bag and have my two devices charged over night with B2. Having the slower charging is fine when I'm in a bind and want both to get some juice from the on board battery. Am I wrong? @James @FluxMob - The Zagg link in James's comment also states "Fixed output: 2x 1000mA at 5V", which is horrible if each port only outputs at max 1A. Sure, it's easy to say your product puts out 2A combined, but it's pretty useless for today's devices if it caps at 1A per port. Assuming the Bolt2 puts out 2.4A shared, and not 1.2A per port, then the Bolt2 is most definitely a lot better to charge devices that demand the 2.1A+ current, than that Zagg device. I don't mean my comment in an aggressive way if it is perceived that way I don't mean my comment in an aggressive way if it is perceived that way I don't mean my comment in an aggressive way if it is perceived that way I normally don't comment but that Zagg is far from being even comparable to the Bolt^2 and I don't mean to say it doesn't look alike they just aren't the same nor are they from the same manufacturer You have made the exact same product as the Zagg Sparq. <url>"daily carry" battery backup article (<url>#comment-1973168674) but it can't hurt for you to reach out to them, first. :-) Hi there, just signed up for a pledge. Great looking product, I'm looking forward to it. By the way, all the external USB batteries that I've used can either be charged via USB, or charge a connected device at once: not both of them at once. Not sure what this kind of feature is called (simultaneous self-charge and discharge?), but would Bolt2 support this kind of operation? I can't wait for the Bolt2, the original has been very handy took it with me camping to keep my phone charged over the weekend. Ended up having to buy a battery pack as everyone kept using it for their phones. So bigger battery and 2 ports mean i don't have to fight for it as much. But a bolt that could be charged with the car accessory port would be pretty neat. Hey guys. Glad to see you launched an updated version! Still use the original Bolt as my main backup. Also, fun tip. I've had tons of people comment on the shirt you guys gave me, with them always asking what Fluxmob is. Super soft shirt as well (though it's getting a little worn now). Just a fun tidbit. Anyways, can't wait for this version! @Fluxmob thanks for the fast reply. getting close to funding, any plans on stretch goals? Hi guys ! I have a few questions: - would you give us a plug with our country standards ? If it is not the case, please let us choose an option to get it with kickstarter even if this will be not free of charges. - could we get a charging cable with kickstarter like the ones you sell on your website ? Sincerely yours hello, there is a version with European plug? when you say "Rapid charging", is that the comparable to qualcomm's quick charge 2.0? basically, will is charge my nexus 6 as fast as the turbo charger given. Hi. I have a question for you . Is this charger take the backup charge while you take this off from outlet. It would be great if you could put a switch on it. Then you could covert it to a regular charger or backup charger otherwise it will drain the battery off from it. Good luck !!!! It's 2.4A for 1 port or 1.2 A for 1 port? @fluxmob how long does it take to charge an iPhone 6? And how many times? Going off from Senad Brkic's question below; to get more than one Bolt^2, we multiply our pledge amount by how many we'd like? So early birds get them for $35 each, Still early birds get them for $45 each, and so forth? Would it be possible to charge Bolt with a USB cable instead of A/C Is there a way to pledge more than once (I would like to pledge for two units). Loved the first product! Thanks! Really looking forward to the new device! How about the input amperage that dictates charging time of the BOLT2 itself? Can you tell us what the input charging spec is for the BOLT2? Wish you guys would make a special kickstarter green version for your early backers. Wanted the original Bolt in green as well. Will that be at all possible? Thank you for your quick response! I'm excited to be a part of this. I was pleasantly surprised to see your new project up! The original Bolt is one of the few Kickstarter projects that actually delivered and I use all the time. Good luck and I'm in. Hi! I love the new project. Quick question: does this project come with the cute little black wires, or would we need our own wires? So three colors to choose from, but I only see two in the video and on the campaign page (assuming Stealth is the all-black one and Argon is the blue/black one). Do you not have a Crimson demo available to photograph yet? It's most likely 2.4A combined. I'm super stoked to see the slightly more rounded corners on the Bolt2. The sharp features of the Bolt1 were nice but didn't lend well to pocket comfort. @Jon: My second bolt didn't like the ground too much either. It actually still works really well, the corners are a little mucked up though. Can we order more then one? Nice and smart project I whant this. Im not sure dose it fits into the European "electrical socket", "power point" ?? does it include adapters for wall sockets? particularly interested in the 3-flat-pin adapter (think that's the UK one).. backed because I loved my original bolt, to bad the ground didnt. :( You guys did such a great job on the first one. I had to order the newest one. Thanks is it 2.4A on each usb port or combined 2.4A ? If 2 devices are plugged in what is the charge per port if 2.4A is combined ?