What is it? Brew Bracket is a beer tasting party in a box. Pick 8 beers to compare in a head to head tasting tournament event. How does it work? Gather up a group of friends and 8 different beers (a 6-pack or growler of each works best) of a similar style for the tasting tournament. The Host Guide will help you lead your guests through the bracket-style tournament where everyone blindly tastes two beers at a time and votes for a favorite. The orange and gray pitchers and tasting glasses help keep the tasting blind throughout the bracket. In the end, each beer in the bracket is revealed and a winner is declared! Why you'll love Brew Bracket: The craft beer landscape is incredible, and incredibly complex. There are ~3,500 breweries in the US and the number is still growing. This event format offers you and your friends a way to taste new beers in a fun and safe environment. Talking through some of the specifics about the beers based on taste alone is a great way to better figure out what you really like, and can be a fun exercise for beer novices and beer aficionados alike. And the kit is reusable so you can take turns hosting and exploring a variety of styles. All IPAs, all pumpkin beers, all light beers perfect for the summer, all beers with names ending in '-ator'. The possibilities are endless. Reward Levels: The EXPERIENCE Brew Bracket kit has everything you need to host a Brew Bracket for up to 8 people: 16 glasses (8 orange and 8 gray), 2 pitchers, host guide, 5 host brackets and 25 participant brackets (for repeat play), 8 voting cards and 8 pencils. The only thing missing is the beer. The EXPRESS Brew Bracket Kit is the perfect kit if you already have an extensive beer tasting glass collection. It contains everything you need to host a Brew Bracket for up to 8 people besides the glassware: host guide, 5 host brackets and 25 participant brackets (for repeat play), 8 voting cards and 16 reusable glass decals (8 orange and 8 gray). You still need to pick up the tab on the beer. The HANDCRAFTED Brew Bracket Kit is a labor of exclusive Kickstarter love from the founders. Double the everything, this kit is housed in a handmade wooden box branded with a Brew Bracket logo. Limited quantity. Kickstarter Exclusive. Awesomeness guaranteed. +Add on "Experience Kit". Add $30 to any reward at the experience level or higher and we'll add one additional "Experience Kit" into the mix with no additional shipping. Team Brew Bracket: Ryan Coyle and Mike Sale - We’re just two guys who created a 400-person beer tasting tournament event in 2011 in an effort to find the “best beer”. Over four years, we’ve hosted 10 events. We’ve helped over 3,500 people explore 120+ local beers they may not have otherwise tried. There’s so much variety in beer now, everyone needs a way to find out what they like best. Brew Bracket lets you do that, in the comfort of your own home with your own friends. Now, people don’t have to wait for us to host another event. Cheers! Amazing KS backers - We cannot thank you enough for your support. Your early backing got us rolling on this incredible journey and we hope we have exceeded your expectations on the final product and delivery timeline. Outside of a few hand deliveries slated for the holiday week, the kits have all been released to the world via the trusting hands of USPS. We finalized the last of the handcrafted kits this weekend for shipment today...each really became an individual piece of art. We plan on taking a moment this upcoming holiday to reflect with friends and family, and appreciate the crazy road this has been. We'll be staying in and raising a glass (or two) for #BlackBeerFriday and celebrating our status as an official member of Small Business Saturday. The barn is loaded with additional hosting kits (EXPERIENCE) that we are continuing to sell through www.brewbracket.com . Tell your friends! PLEASE send us any questions, comments or general feedback on the game. We'd love to hear stories and see pictures of any events being run. And of course, we would never turn down an invite to a tournament event. =) Endless cheers. - Mike + Ryan Mike Sale, Director of Happiness and Blind Tastings (<email>) Ryan Coyle, Director of Marketing and Instigator of High Fives (<email>) Happy mid-Movember (we grow mustaches for men's health while we build beer tasting kits). Here's a couple quick updates from the barstools of Ryan and Mike: Progress on the kits: The final set of the EXPERIENCE kits (now known as "Hosting Kit") will ship out early this week. We sent out an initial wave and have packed up and are good to go on the second shift. The wave of EXPRESS kits (now known as "Hosting Kit Light") will be in the mail by mid-week. We were putting some finishing touches on the reusable bottle covers last week and are getting all of those packed up and ready to ship this week. The HANDCRAFTED kits (a wonderful labor of love for us) are still in progress, but getting wrapped up. We've been experimenting with several different attachment methods for the top after our original design didn't pan out as well for long-term use. Know that a lot of blood sweat and tears have gone into these kits (see picture below of Ryan burning the end of a rope handle). We're still aiming for delivery by Thanksgiving. And last but not least, STICKEM AND PDF set of rewards will be in the mail Monday AM. We get a kick out of these reusable glass decals...you'll find them scattered all over our kitchens for testing purposes. Test results are promising thus far. They've stayed in place on about everything other than the dog. Other fun tidbits: Tournaments are being run! We helped out at a private event with Girls Pint Out this weekend, and have been getting social plugs from folks hosting their own events. Stouts seems to be the style of the season. Let us know how yours goes...we love seeing pictures and hearing about the beers. Great Fermentations and Final Gravity have picked up the Hosting Kit to sell in-store and online. We're really excited to see the product on-site and hear more about events being run with homebrews in the mix. Happy Sunday! More to come soon. - Ryan and Mike Today was a good day: We kicked off the AM with a couple handfuls of candy (because we're adults and can eat candy whenever we want), some sweet tunes (Ryan insisted on Taylor Swift), and a two man assembly line to build our first wave of Brew Bracket EXPERIENCE kits. They are beautiful. Lots of high fives were exchanged. Full disclosure: We're still waiting on a chunk of pitchers and correctly sized shipper boxes to complete the build-out. We're going to start sending out some shipments of the EXPERIENCE level kits over the next couple weeks. Our goal will be to have everything in the mail by 11/16 so you can safely plan to Brew Bracket to your heart's content with friends and family this Thanksgiving. But wait there's more: We've been hammering away (literally) on the HANDCRAFTED kits. There's still more work to be done, but they are really starting to take shape. We are shifting the lid attachment from a hinge lock to a figure eight with some rope for a mix of functional and aesthetic reasons. More to come as we finalize these bad boys. Again, we'll aim to have these in your hands in time to be a centerpiece next to the turkey this year. The EXPRESS kits are going to be ready to build within a week or two. We're finalizing the design on the burlap bags (technical term is "beer disguiser"). Everything else is ready to rock. It's all coming together perfectly and we couldn't be happier. Thank you so much for backing the project so we could make this a reality. It's been amazing to hold the physical product in our hands, and we can't wait to pass it off to your hands and hear about your adventures in blind beer tasting. Happy Halloween. Be safe out there and enjoy the night. Cheers! - Mike and Ryan. Salutations Backers! We know you love reading updates as much as we love typing them, so here's a fun quick one. We are immensely proud to announce: All of our EXPERIENCE and HANDCRAFTED Brew Bracket kits will be 100% MADE IN THE USA! 100%! Not "more than half", not "assembled in the USA of foreign and domestic components", but 100% of the numerous pieces of the kit will be manufactured, shipped, and assembled within our fine country. Brew Bracket has always been a strong supporter of local (breweries, businesses, charities), and we're ecstatic to continue this trend with your first set of at-home kits. Cheers! - Mike and Ryan We are so darn close to making this a reality, and it is all due to the support of everyone that has contributed to the campaign. Thank you. Each and every one of you. For helping us bring Brew Bracket to living rooms everywhere. We are just shy of our $10K marker and have until 4PM on Sunday to clear the last 4.55% of the campaign. This is our last ask to go tell some folks to grab themselves a kit so the several hundred already ordered can be made. The campaign only closes successfully if we hit the $10K marker by 4PM tomorrow. And we are still offering add-on EXPERIENCE kits for $25 onto any existing order of EXPERIENCE kit or higher. Just login and add $25 to your existing backer amount and we'll make it happen. Hope to raise a celebratory glass with you tomorrow afternoon. Cheers! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! We can't wait to start building the kits and getting them into your hands later this year. We continue to be inspired by the support. Cheers! - Ryan and Mike We are in awe of the incredible showing of support for the at-home version of the kit. 30% of the goal in 24 hours of the start of the campaign! We're incredibly excited to imagine all of these at-home tournament tasting events going on in living rooms all over the country. And we look forward to when the e-vites start rolling in. Again, thank you for the support and helping us spread the word so this thing kicks! - Mike + Ryan Sorry for the unmet expectations Vickie. We tried to be transparent about the selection but could have been more descriptive. We decided when building the project to stay away from glass for two reasons. We had a lot of trouble with breakage at past events (both in shipping and use) and the cost would have made for a pretty prohibitive price point. We're really proud of the type of plastic and density of glasses that we ended up with. Anything that could break too easily was set aside as an option as we wanted these to be robust as well as easily washable and therefore reusable. All that said, please email me at <email> and we can work out a refund if you aren't satisfied. We aim to please. Cheers! Kevin + Stephen - Thanks for the friendly ask on updates. You should have a big ole one in your inbox tonight. More to come every 2-3 weeks. Cheers! I'm disappointed. Everything I read about this product said glasses, but these are plastic tasting cups. Liked the packaging and the rest of the product. I'm just disappointed and wish these were truly tasting glasses. Got mine ! What is the latest news on the project? Any news or updates ?? @creator Ryan and Mike. Any news on how the project is going? Congrats to the BB team!!!