(Don't forget to take a look at the "FAQ" section at the bottom of the page) Affordable Desktop 3D Object Printing for Everyone Great First Printer..or Second..or Third! Easy to Build Easy to Expand or Upgrade High Quality Components Faster than most printers Dual Extruder Option Great Documentation Open Source Environmentally Friendly Options You can create almost anything you can dream up with a Bukobot 3D printer, right on your desk! What is Buko? The Buko framework is the next generation of Open Source 3D Printers. 3D printers using this new framework are called Bukobots. With many months in development, I have combined the best ideas from the open source community and some new ideas of my own into an extremely flexible open source 3D printer design. Following the traditions of “Reprap” 3D printers, the new Buko framework design is self-replicating and does not require any special machining for it’s major parts. I have carefully designed this new 3D printer to be very easy to build, very sturdy and have the ability to grow in the future without compromising print quality. Bukobots will raise the bar of open source 3D printers. What is 3D printing? 3D printing is the process of creating solid objects from digital files. Bukobots use a process called “Additive Manufacturing” to create 3D models from digital files available on the web or created with 3D software. These solid objects can be made from ABS (similar to the plastic of Legos) or PLA (an eco friendly plastic) filament. Here's a timelapse video of a Bukobot making the CrashSpace Pyramid logo by theron (<url>"Makers". The Bukobot is a great project to learn more about mechanics, engineering, electronics, 3D design and many other sciences. 3D printing can be an amazing tool for teachers and parents to excite a student's interest in math and science. To help further the learning process, I am developing complete instructions on how to build a Bukobot and explain how it works. Quick Summary of Rewards All kits will include a 1lb of plastic filament to get you started! International shipping is extra unless noted. NEW!!!Bukito 5 Green Kit (Low Cost, 5x5x5, Eco Friendly, PLA only) $599 Buko Mini Green Kit (5x5x6, Eco Friendly, PLA only): $750 Buko 8 Green Kit (8x8x8, Eco Friendly, PLA only): $845 Buko 8 Vanilla Kit (8x8x8 Build Volume): $999 Buko 8 Duo kit (8x8x8, Dual Extruder): $1,299 Assembled Packages (Shipping Calculate Separately) Buko 8 Vanilla Assembled (8x8x8): $1,320 + shipping Buko 8 Duo Assembled (8x8x8, Dual Extruder): $1,950 + shipping Buko 8 F1 Duo Special Edition Assembled (Black & Red, 8x8x8, Dual Extruder): $2,199 + shipping More Buko Highlights: Quality, Quality, Quality My Bukobot kits are all about quality. I think it's very important in this new technology to have the best experience possible for it to become mainstream. I know there are some cheaper printers out there, but one way or another they compromise something to make them "good enough". All my Bukobots kits will have the best motors, electronics and components possible to make sure that it's durable, reliable and faster. Affordable From a low cost upgrade to a fully assembled dual extruder model, a Bukobot will be less expensive than many other 3D printers without compromising performance. With the smart Buko framework, there are many versions to fit your budget or 3D printing needs. So don't be afraid to start small with a "Mini" or "Green" version because the Bukobots can always be upgraded or expanded later. Keep in mind that the Bukobots follow the Reprap tradition of self replication. After you build your first Bukobot, you can eventually print out new parts for another one to share with friends and family. Easy to build The smart Buko framework is designed to make building a 3D printer much easier than ever without sacrificing print quality! Even for the less experienced, a Bukobot can take just a couple hours to build. Only simple tools are needed like allen keys, screw drivers, utility knife and needle nose pliers. Extremely Expandable & Upgradable. With a Bukobot, you can keep up with the times with simple upgrades, I tried my best to design the Buko framework as "future" compatible as possible. Want it to print higher? Want it to print faster? Not a problem! It may just take a few longer pieces of aluminum extrusions, longer cables (or belts) and rods or maybe some simple electronic parts to get to the next level. Great Documentation! With your support of the Bukobot, you will be helping to create the great documentation to guide you through the easy building process of a Bukobot 3D printer. I want to reduce the time people spend looking for answers on different websites and forums to find all the pieces of information. From shipping box to your first 3D print, I will try my best to be your prime source for documentation on the Bukobot. No Laser Cut Wood or Acrylic, No Threaded Rods to Adjust, No Special Machining Needed One of the more difficult (and sometimes expensive) parts to get made for 3D printers are the laser cut pieces and machined parts. Seems like almost all the 3D printers have some form of laser cut acrylic, wood or special metal parts. I believe most people do not have access to a laser cutter or machine shop, so I eliminated this need in the design of the Buko framework. If it can't be printed in 3D, bought off the shelf or made at home with simple tools, it's not in the design. "Green" (Eco Friendly) versions With many 3D printers out there, I haven't really seen any focused on the environment. The "Green" versions of Bukobots are just that, a more environmentally friendly 3D printer. There are three ways they have a less impact on the environment: Uses Renewable & Biodegradable Plastics (PLA) Uses less power Most of the parts are Easily Recyclable. The Buko "Green" models are made to specifically work with PLA plastic only. PLA is a type of plastic that is made from corn starch (or sugar sometimes) and is biodegradable. PLA even gives off a soft burnt popcorn smell while printing. PLA is actually harder than ABS, which makes it ideal for mechanical applications than need a little more strength. Secondly, they consume less energy because PLA doesn't require a heated platform to create 3D prints and it melts at a lower temperature than ABS plastic. This also makes it a bit safer for younger kids that want to explore 3D printing with their teachers and parents. Finally, being built mostly out of aluminum and plastics, you can easily recycle most of the printer itself (if you would ever need to). New Innovations The Buko framework introduces a couple of new engineering components rarely seen in 3D printers. A new material used on the Bukobots is Ultra-high-molecular-weight polyethylene (UHMW-PE). This special polyethylene material has some amazing properties and is actually not hard to find. This material is used in some parts on the Z axis to reduce components, increase longevity and to help make things quieter. The other new component being used is the stainless steal Syncromesh Cable. This new type of cable will replace all belts to lower costs while reducing space needed and increasing strength of the axis drive system. Great Performance A major reason I decided to create a new 3D printer is my disappointment with current speeds and rigidity. I have plenty of patience for normal things, but when it comes to waiting 3-4 hours for a small 3D printed part, it's just not acceptable to me. To accomplish greater speed on a 3D printer you need a very sturdy frame and some amazing firmware. Bukobots have both. The aluminum extrusions are nearly impossible to bend and the design of the joints are made to be as strong and rigid as possible. With the amazing Marlin firmware, Bukobots are made to run faster than most from the start. With a good combination of a good extruder and powerful motors, it can probably go even faster. With a Bukobot, you can stop watching grass grow and get your 3D prints faster! Looks Awesome I made the look of the Bukobots an important part in my designs. I wanted my 3D printer to look cool and stand out from others. It was also important to have a very open area to see clearly what is being printed and to see how everything was working. Most of the 3D printed parts I designed have curves and cool angles to give things a more professional look. I also dedicated some valuable time to design wire guides that help hide and organize the wiring around the printer. Open Source Being a “Reprap” type of 3D printer, the Buko framework design files will be released into the wild for the world to have. By supporting the Bukobot project, you will be helping to complete and improve these files. I strongly believe in open source and collaborative projects in technology. Buko Model & Kit Details General Features The Buko framework has been designed from the ground up to be easy to build, sturdy, expandable and upgradeable. All the models have the ability to be expanded and upgraded in different ways. You can change things like increasing the size of the build volume or adding dual extruders in the future. I also designed the frame of the Bukobots to be very sturdy, which helps with accuracy and faster speeds. All the complete kits will also include the new “Syncromesh” cables instead of the more costly belts. With all these great technical features, you will also get a 3D printer that is amazingly easy to build. "Bukito" The "Bukito" models are the most economical 3D printer kits we can make. These have been design to be the most affordable kits by including just the essentials you need to make great 3D prints. Easy to build and excellent for beginners or if you want a small portable printer to take around with you. “Green” Models The “Green” models are the “Eco friendly” versions. These kits are designed specifically to use biodegradable PLA plastic only. Some advantages of using this plastic are: Requires Less Power to Operate Lowers Cost of Components Biodegradable Safer to Use “8” Models The “8” means the model has a minimum print volume of 8x8x8 inches (200x200x200mm). “Mini” Models “Mini” model have a smaller print volume than the “8” to reduce overall costs. These have a print volume of about 5x5x6 inches (125x125x150mm) “Duo” Models The “Duo” models have dual plastic extruders. These can be used to print a 3D object with two types of filament. Note: Dual extrusion is still experimental and some special programming may be required to setup and prepare objects to print in two colors or materials. Reward Details The Buko Bottle Opener Keychain This is a simple bottle opener that will be printed with a Bukobot and features the Bukobot Logo. (Design Coming Soon...) Prototype Pieces Grab Bag In the development of the Bukobots, I have printed out many parts to experiment with and have used to test things out. Instead of just keeping them or tossing them away, I thought it would be cooler to give them to backers. With this reward, I will give you a few of these pieces that were used for the early stages of the Bukobot design. These will be yours to keep and show off to people as a piece of the Bukobot history. NEW!!! Bukito 5 Green The Bukito has been designed to be the most economical 3D printer using the Buko framework. Excellent first 3D printer for beginners! Easy to build and even more portable that the full Buko models. Make amazing 3D creations out of PLA (durable eco friendly plastic) and enjoy your new adventures in 3D printing! Buko Mini Green This is a great starter Bukobot. If you are new to 3D printing or want to start with something more simple, this would be a good choice. This kit includes a complete Bukobot with a build volume of 5x5x6 inches (125x125x150mm) and works with eco friendly PLA only. Buko 8 Vanilla This is the flagship Bukobot. This gets you a complete kit of the Buko 8 Vanilla 3D printer featuring 8x8x8 inch (200x200x200mm) build volume, a single extruder, heated platform and prints with both ABS and PLA plastics. This is a great 3D printer for anyone that wants to print amazing 3D prints that is easy to build, affordable. Buko 8 Duo Same as the “Buko 8 Vanilla” but includes dual extrusion capabilities. This model has the ability to print 3D objects with two types of filament. Dual extruders can be used to print in two colors or use a second filament as support material (like PVA water-soluble filament). Buko F1 Duo (Special Edition) If you want the best looking 3D printer on the block, you need this model. Inspired by Ferrari, this special edition has a red and black color scheme with dual extruders to match. This model also comes pre-assembled and ready to go when it arrives at your doorstep. It will be built and tested by me before it ships to make sure you get an awesome looking and printing Bukobot. Why reaching this goal is important to Buko I believe in the value of high quality products and as with most projects, to keep costs low (and without compromising quality), many vendors require orders of higher quantities. I have set up some great deals with vendors to offer backers these high quality components at great prices if the goal is reached. If you help me reach this goal, you will be supporting more than just a great open source 3D printer, you will be helping open source 3D printing get to the next level. Thank you for your support and don't forget to tell your friends about the Bukobot! Hi Backers, First, sorry for the lack of updates, it's been crazy busy and stressing since trying to finish off the Bukobot kickstarter project and starting the Bukito one. We only have a handful of folks left that unfortunately are waiting a bit longer because of a couple of big last minute snags. We have been in contact personally with a few of the final remaining backers, but I can finally say we have everything to send every thing out and should be a matter of days to actually close the books on this project. Why this happened? One reason is my lack of experience and too much trust in suppliers (which I have learn many lessons of what not to do)...and the other is that a couple months ago, we thought we had all the components and I jumped the gun with the assumption we were going to be done fast...and then we found a few issues with the electronics. I tried my best to work with what we had (and actually sent out a few kits without some parts) but a last batch of drivers and heated boards were unacceptable so we had to get them completely redone. What made things worse is that the heated boards took much longer than promised and basically set us back a whole bunch of weeks. I apologize for this super extra delay, but until I actually had the new product in hand, I didn't want to predict any shipping time for the last few rewards because obviously my predictions never seem to be correct. I have lost a lot of sleep over this and almost freaked out about this situation, but tried my best to keep it together and to keep on going to finish everything. For those of you that got kits without the heated platforms (or the temporary bad ones), we are getting them ready as I write this and they will be sent out before the weekend. The end is now within reach on this project, and we will finally be able to move on to the next challenge... the Bukito. So as soon as I see the last reward go out on the Bukobot, we are going to focus hard on the Bukito. We have now stabilized most of the Bukobot production (finally) and we will continue to offer the Bukobot on our website at Deezmaker.com Bukobot.com Wiki We have updated some more of the Bukobot wiki if you haven't see it lately. Check it out at Bukobot.com . If you have any suggestions or tips you think we should add to it, let us know on the forum. New extruders for 1st Gen Bukobots For those that got a Bukobot a long time ago and have the first generation with the "Bukoschnozzle", I would like to know how many of you are actually interested in an upgrade kit to the new Spitfire nozzle. If you are interested, send me a message so I can see if there's enough demand to start getting that ready. I haven't calculated the exact cost, but it would be around $100 for single, about $140 for dual to include everything you need for the new setup (New spitfire nozzle, new X carriage, new idler assembly, but without motor, drive gear or fan.) What's next Well, the Bukito is now our next focus, but soon we should be starting work on completely new machine (no name yet) that will be pretty amazing (assuming our theories work out correctly) and have a different approach...but we'll talk about that later... For now, we will continue to send out updates as cool things happen at Deezmaker and will try to stay in touch with all of you, the original and awesome backers of the Bukobot project. Your support for this project has been extremely wonderful and I hope you feel that you will always be part of the adventurous soul of Bukobots and Deezmaker. 3D printing is evolving fast and we hope to keep up and stay innovative. Hi Folks, Thanks again for everyone's patience in this project. We are doing our best to get the final kits out fast, but as accurate as possible with this new model. The transition was a bit tricky since so much of the design has changed and we now have it all figured out and going smoother. We shipped a few kits out to test the new model kits a couple weeks back and had discovered some little issues but are now fixed them and continued shipping more (Pictures of our small operation below). We had a bunch go out the last couple weeks, but still got a few more to go. Although a few folks already got the new models, I haven't had time to sit down in one place to get the instructions up on the wiki...which is my goal to do today (despite that it's my birthday, no days off for me). I did make some videos now so it might be a bit easier for everyone. The cool news is that in making the instructions, I realized that it took a couple hours less to put together, even for us, so build time is much less now with the Bukobot v2. Also, more parts we were needing actually came in last week so it doesn't look like we will ship any partial kits. <url>"re-launched" the "Bukito" 3d printer on Kickstarter on it's own to anticipate the finish of this one ( <url>"Bukito" on the Bukobot project, but was overwhelmed by the big models to be able focus more time on it. We then ran across the "V-slot" project from open builds and found the perfect solution to make it the way we wanted it. So for those few that got the Bukito, you'll be getting it as soon as we make a few more of them in the next few weeks, before this project and with some added bonuses. Again, thank to all for the support and patience. If you are the small few left to get a Bukobot, I apologize for the additional delays, but you should be getting your shipment and tracking info within days. There has been so much to do, I haven't been able to write up more updates, but will try to do another one very soon when the instructions are more complete. Hi folks, Things are moving along good. We should have a bunch of kits shipping this week. Here's some quick pictures of the assembly, some laser parts and the extruders, in which we are pre-assembling for you guys to make things easier since the instruction for the new model are not totally ready. We are also having some cool announcements going on this week, so stay tuned to our website and twitter and stuff... Hey Folks, First, I think we just might actually make the goal of finishing most of the last kickstarter rewards before July. Here's the quick run down before you check out the pictures... We have parts! Our "Spitfire" Extruder parts are here, and colorful! So if some final things get delivered in the steady schedule that we have finally been able to accomplish, I think most kits will be out the door before the end of the month. But we have a simple back up plan just in case... So here's an idea (if everyone is ok with it): We were thinking of sending out the kits even if some minor parts are not available at the time of shipping (which we'll keep track of and send out when we get them). I really want to get all the kits out to you guys as fast as humanly possible, but I have a feeling we might not get everything little piece in time so I want to prepare for it just in case. Of course, this is just a back plan that I hope we will avoid. On another note, below you'll see some pictures / renderings of the new model that everyone is now getting. Since some parts actually came a little early, I had the X carriage (Gold) and the Spitfire extruder aluminum parts (Red) anodized here at local place, which only took a day to do. Not sure if you agree with us, but this little extra coloring make things look really hot! We've been working hard testing the details of the new model to make sure you guys get the best Bukobot ever. We've made a lot of refinements and improvements. Although I haven't yet counted exactly, I think we reduced the parts count to about half, all while still improving things. This also means the build time is much faster and easier too. Speaking of which, since the new model was designed in more professional CAD software, we will have really nice pictures and diagrams of the new assembly. Almost done... So after about a year of living and breathing 3D printing everyday, we learned some awesome things that we tried to implement in this new model. I think you'll be very pleased, not by just the experience of building it, but the improved performance we are able to achieve. And of course, I'm extremely grateful of everyone's patience and support through this project with the extremely challenging process of making a great 3D printer. The closing of this chapter is very near, and I know the final few that are left to receive Bukobots have been very anxious (and very very patient with me), but to us, it'll be a start of a grander journey that I hope to take all of you with us. We do feel everyone that helped backed this project has been a huge part of our success and we are eternally grateful, so as an extra bonus, we will try (as much as possible) to give you guys discounts and special deals on future product offerings. So I'm concluding this update for now and going back to work on preparing and packing the last rewards you'll be getting soon. Hope you enjoy the pictures of the new stuff! ..and Happy Father's day! Hi Backers... We are at the Maker Faire Bay Area this weekend (May 18th, 19th 2013, makerfaire.com ) and we are going to show some cool stuff that you guys are going to get soon (for the last few folks that haven't gotten your Bukobots yet). As a special treat, I'm showing these pictures to you guys first! Since I'm on the road, I'm going to make this short and I'll answer questions after the faire next week. I hope you guys like it them, because we are in full transition into the new awesome changes. P.S. If you come to the Maker Faire, visit us at booth 305 in the Expo Hall... P.S.S ...and yes, we now have a power supply holder...and we'll post the design files for it soon : ) Hi Folks...my very patient backers... So here's a quick update. After weeks of suffering from some supply vendors, we finally got some final parts to send out more kits next week for the current models (those that want your machine quicker) so some of you will be hearing from me soon about your shipments. If anyone wants the new nozzle setup (and hasn't told us yet), please let me know ASAP or we will assume you want the current model. Keep in mind, it'll still be a few more weeks for the newer one to be ready. Also, if all goes to plan, we might have some kits ready with the new nozzle for the Maker Faire in San Mateo next month (but no promises because I've been let down by some vendors too many times). If you want to meet us there and pickup your kit, let me know and we can try to arrange it. After much testing of the new nozzle setup, which we now call "Spitfire" (let me know if you have a better name ; ), they are now being produced since we are mostly finalized on the major parts. It'll still be about 3 weeks or so for all the piece to get made. So far it's been very good and fast with mostly everything we run through it. We've also been printing nylon a lot with it and it's just awesome! Check out this iPhone case we printed: <url># Which reminds me, I got an instagram account now <url># , so follow it to see what's going on with us and to see cool things we print. It seems to be the easiest (and least time consuming) way to post pictures. I'll try to shoot some Bukobot production photos too. We are also having another batch of the Tatsu drive gear made since we are almost out of them, but also because we are making some improvements for the new nozzle setup. Since our new "Spitfire" nozzle works with so many different materials, we wanted to increase the depth and sharpness to grip everything from soft PVA to polycarbonate. Basically, we wanted a bigger bite! I'll try to get some pictures soon to show you guys the difference once we have a few of the final ones made. The link below is video of the next batch of Tatsu drive gears being made at Marples Gear, near by in Alhambra, California. They use very awesome, and very serious, gear making machines. Stainless steel is not the easiest to work with, but long lasting and sharp teeth! No compromises! <url>"Expansion Shield V1.1" in the "Details" at : <url>"SureStepr". They have a new chip that won't break a sweat at normal speeds, but now have 1/32 step option (previous was 1/16 max). See this page for more details on these: <url>"Bukoschnozzle" (which is our derivative of the "Budaschonzzle" from Lulzbot <url>#1 we want to go faster and the best way to do that is with higher temperatures, #2 we want to use polycarbonate and nylon which also need higher temperatures. Currently, we can extrude just a little faster with the Bukoschnozzle, but the higher temperatures we want would be getting close to a dangerous zone because it has a teflon (PTFE) tube inside that can be a bit unsafe if you heat it beyond 260c degrees (this is a reason for the fan). So the new extruder (no name yet, suggestion welcome) will be pretty much all metal and should be able to reach at least 320c with no issues. We have a rough prototype running here at the shop and we have actually printed some polycarbonate and nylon test parts. The results so far are pretty cool and very promising. It's still a couple weeks until it's ready to actually produce but if all goes well, we are going to phase out the Bukoschnozzle with the new one. The cool part about it is that I'll have an upgrade kit you can get (with a discount for kickstarters of course) for anyone that wants to get the new nozzle once it's ready. In addition to the higher temperatures, here's a break down of features we want the new nozzle to have (hopefully we can implement all of them) Uses the same motor and "Tatsu" drive gear, so if you already have a Bukobot, there will be an simple upgrade for it to swap out the old extruder body and nozzle. Easier nozzle swap and cleaning. Simpler parts and easier to get manufactured. No PLA leaking at high temperatures. Mostly metal design to run higher temperatures without issues, no PEEK or PTFE (teflon). More compact and shorter nozzle, which means you can go dual with the Bukobot 8 Vanilla or 8 Green without losing much build volume: 8x8x8 will become something like 7x8x9 with dual extruders. More compact also means the duo's will have a TRIPLE extruder upgrade available! When combined with the new "Extension Shield" for the X3, you'll be able to add the necessary drivers and heat controls. We will be able to offer 3mm or 1.75mm size nozzles a lot easier. Higher temperature capacity means faster speeds possible! Easier to level dual extruders Posted STL Files So keeping true to the open source concept, we have finally post all the parts from our latest version of the kits. It took us a while because unfortunately I'm a perfectionist and I don't like to share things that are not..well perfect. I know things will never be perfect, but it's high quality enough to be posted at this point and you can find them as links in "Parts List" <url>"3D Object Files" page at <url>"bukobot shipped to you" message with tracking info, then you can take advantage of this option. So here's the deal: We still have a bunch of the regular nozzles (bukoschnozzle) that we are going to use for the next shipments (kickstarters and pre-orders after that), but if you want the new nozzle and some of the other new improvements without any extra cost, I will give you guys first pick to get them... WITH SMALL CONDITIONS : First off, the new nozzles seems to work great at the moment but will be considered "experimental" until more long term testing is done and can possibly be a little challenging to setup at first until we have the best settings for you. Second, your shipment will be delayed longer because they will take a few more weeks to get them ready for kits. So to sum up this deal: If you want the new nozzles (which does higher temperatures, faster, and does polycarbonate &amp; nylon too) and some new improvements AND you don't mind a longer wait time (a few more weeks at least), then contact me and say "YES, please delay my reward to get the new nozzle". If you rather not wait any longer, it's not a problem and you will get your reward as soon as we can ship it in the next few batches. For kickstarters that already got their kits and want the new nozzle, I will give you a personal discount code if you email me when we have the upgrade option on the online store or announce it on another update. Back to work... It has taking the span of a few days to write this update and to be honest, I have never been so exhausted in my life as I have been in these last few months. You can ask anyone about my schedule and they will tell you that I come to the shop and work at least 12 hours everyday to try to survive and grow this endeavor. But I'm not mentioning this to sound like there's any regrets or to get sympathy, but more to let everyone know that I'm fully dedicate to make this business succeed and hopefully grow beyond this project. I know I'm definitely far from perfect, but I'm trying the best I know how to make things work and in trying to make everyone happy. Even after spending everyday in the last few months thinking, talking and breathing 3D printing, I still think it's this is coolest thing ever and I hope to create great 3D printers to unleash everybody creativity and passions as it has mine. So once again, I apologize greatly for those that have not received your reward yet, but I promise you'll get it soon and I hope you will hang in there with me. (Sorry no pictures, I haven't even had time or energy to take any...but hopefully will post some soon.) Hi Backers! I hope everyone had or is having a wonderful holiday season in all parts of the world. We wish everyone peace and happiness. Here's a quick update to let everyone know what's going on. I know I haven't been communicating much, but I've been focused on working hard in getting the rest of the kits out and haven't had time to even work on the wiki. My apologies for not getting some kits out before the Christmas holidays. Although we gave a strong push before Christmas, we still have many more to go. Last tally, it's looking like we are past half way point through the rewards of the Bukobot kits. I have sent out a few international ones to check for any major issues before committing too many to make sure everything is ok. Our next batch is mostly ready for international, so you will be getting an email soon to double check your shipping destinations right before they ship. As a quick reminder, the wiki for the Bukobot is Bukobot.com and the forum is at Forum.Bukobot.com . If anyone has any good tips about their build experience so far, please share and post it on the wiki or forum. Although we have worked hard to make the build as easy as possible, I'm sure there's some cool tips some of you have figured out. We realize we have some bottlenecks in production and we are getting better at speeding things up on every batch. I've never had to manage production and people before and I've discovered that it's not as easy as I thought. So, we are continuing to work hard to ship all the kits out as fast as humanly possible. We appreciate your patience once again and I know you will enjoy the Bukobot when everyone get theirs. We wish you a happy new year and hope everyone is spending quality time with their families. Hi Folks, Hope all is well and everyone is getting ready for the holiday season. We are still hard at work getting packing and shipping done. We got a whole bunch out the door so far and many local backers have even picked them up at my shop too. We are doing batches of about 20 or so at a time to make sure we do things right and so it doesn't get too crazy and miss anything. I'm send out personal emails to let you know when your reward is about to ship so if there's any last minute details we can make sure it's correct, so please reply as soon as you get it. As for folks that are about to receive them (or ones that want to get an early start), we have started creating the wiki and have a few backers that have already contributed some instructions and ideas for the assembly of the kits. The site is at Bukobot.com to make things easy and simple. I have also setup the Bukobot forum at forum.bukobot.com for general discussions, tips and collaboration on everything 3D printing and Bukobot related. It was kind of setup quickly (don't have a lot of time for extra stuff lately) so I'm trusting that you guys will let me know if everything is working ok or if there's any suggestions to make it better. So it's looking like I'm only going to have one day off this week thanks to thanksgiving because we're trying hard to ship out a bunch before Thursday. I'm really trying to put in a little extra effort to get out as much as we can so you can enjoy your rewards during the holidays. For those that may have already gotten your kits and want to share the experience or pictures, we would love to see them posted in the new forum. Any little advice or tip could help us and other backers make the experience of the Bukobot better. A quick and cool side note, we were featured in the latest issue in MAKE magazine ( <url>"grand opening" of the shop because I needed push myself (and a few others...) to setup the shop and move everything from my garage and house as soon as possible into a bigger work area. Having an event like this helped create a deadline to get things done a bit faster (although very stressing). Now that the shop is finally mostly set up for production, we have been able to be more organized and efficient in getting things done. As you may see from the pictures below, the grand opening turned out to be a great success and I was able to meet many new local people interested in 3D printing. Many others showed up including some vendors (Panucatt Devices, Printbl.com ), friends, family and a handful of local backers of the Bukobot project. I even had the privilege of meeting a backer that happened to be visiting from Australia and I was able to give him a partial kit to take back home. There were about 5 local backers that came to meet the Bukobots in person. All in all, it was great to meet such cool people and I'm very thankful to my family for helping me put it together. The Maker Faire in New York was an extremely hard and exhausting event to do. In addition to building 3 working Bukobots and getting a few kits together as best we could, we only had 3 days to do it all after the grand opening. The Monday after the grand opening, we were at full speed getting the Bukobots built, running, and then packed for the trip. Although it wasn't easy, it did prove that Bukobots are pretty easy to assemble. We ended up building a Mini Green, 8 Vanilla and a Duo for the Maker Faire and also brought along a few extra kits. I think the best part of the trip was the fact that we were able to deliver most of the demo machines and some of the kits to local New York backers. Although some of the kits were missing a few minor parts, we still ended up getting five Bukobots into the hands of backers. One of the backers I was able to meet and deliver a Bukobot to was a wonderful and sweet school teacher that was waiting a few years to get a working 3D printer for her school. She told me that she bought a Makerbot Thing-o-matic a long time ago and that unfortunately she was never able to get it to print or work properly. So the great part of this story was that I was able to give her one of our fresh demo units from the Maker Faire so she could have a perfectly working 3d printer for her students. Being at the Maker Faire was a great experience. I was fortunate enough to meet some of, what I call, the "greats" of the 3D printing universe. Among those (just to name a few) were Josef Prusa, Dave Durant, Tony Buser, Aaron Double, John Abella, Jeff Keegan, Matthew Griffin, Rob Giseburt, Mat Stultz, the guys from Hive76...and so many more from other 3D printer companies and makers. I did learn some really cool things and saw some cool new ideas in 3D printing that we may try to incorporate into future designs. What's happening now... We are getting close, really close! We only have a few minor parts to get to complete the kits and the major shipping will begin. This week I have two goals that I want to accomplish and we are even adding another person to the team to help out. Look out for a survey in a couple days asking for your shipping information and details. #1 - Finish shipping the smaller rewards that are left, including the "plastics only" kits since we finally got all the parts in last week for those. #2 - Start shipping some kits. Even though I may have to get some components at much higher costs from local sources, I think once a few kits get shipped, it'll start the momentum and help get us into a shipping mode. What's coming... While we are ramping up the major shipping, we are also working on the final materials list, 3D object files and some instructions for the building of the Bukobots. Our goals for next weeks is to post files and more information on a wiki on our site and some others to honor the open source promise we made. Also, we are looking to setup a forum on the deezmaker website so you can find some information and ask questions to us and the community. So these next few week will be a lot of hard work for us, but we are more focused and determined to get these Bukobots out to everyone now that all the dust has settled with these past events. So I hope you enjoy the pictures below of the grand opening, Maker Faire NY, some new production shots and assembly parts. Again, thank you for your patience and support in this project. Hi wonderful...and patient backers! This update is actually an update to tell you that an update is coming... : ) We have finally landed from all the events and back to full production mode. Between production of your Bukobots, the grand opening of the 3d printer shop and the Maker Faire event, these last few weeks have really taken a lot of juice out of me... But I finally got a couple of decent days of sleep to recharge my batteries a bit and I'm now ready for action again. So, this weekend, I will sit down and gather my thoughts and write up an update of what happened, is happening and going to happen... so stay tuned... Thanks again for your patience, we are trying our best to make sure you get the best 3D printer we can produce. Quick News: I was able to personally deliver a few kits (although some a little incomplete) to some backers during my visit to New York, so we now have a few backers with our kits... but more details to come. Hi folks, So I have to be honest, I have some cool news but also some not so cool news. In advance, I apologize again for things not being done as fast as I want them to, even though we have been hammering away on this project night and day for the last few months. Not so cool news first, but please read the whole update, there's better news below. To start with, we still don't have enough parts in to deliver any Bukobots yet. We are still waiting for the controller boards, drivers, heat beds along with some miscellaneous hardware parts (but important parts, like linear rods, seems like they don't like metric sizes here in the USA) to complete some kits to ship. I spoke to Roy (the electronics guy at Panucatt devices) and he told me that his suppliers delayed his shipment more than promised, so we are both in the same slow boat. Unfortunately, it's a little out of our control on these things and we are at the mercy of the manufacturers and suppliers sometimes, so it's just a matter of waiting until the parts get to us. So I think I won't be able to start shipping anything until (fingers crossed) end of next week. The worst part is that it has now become a bad timing issue because we leave to New York for the Maker Faire on the 27th and we have to prepare for that a little bit so it might delay things more. We will be back Oct 3rd with full force to continue non-stop to get these kits out to everyone as soon as possible. I think by then, we should have everything we need to hammer out all the rewards in a few weeks. Again, I apologize for the delays and I really wish things would have come sooner. On the positive side, this has been a great learning process and we are starting to see what to expect for future projects. Now for some good and cool news... We were able to participate in the Google+ Hangout event hosted by MAKE Magazine so check out the links below. We also had to print some special objects this week that MAKE supplied for the review. Some were a bit challenging, but I hope we will be in the top of the good list. Here's some pictures and the recording of the event: See if you can spot all the Bukobot pictures: <url>#! Meet the Tatsu Drive Gear (See pictures below). Today we finally got all the Tatsu drive gears we ordered so I can cross that off the list finally. As I mentioned before, this drive gear, named Tatsu ( "Dragon" in Japanese), is just super awesome and beautiful. It was specially designed by us and since the machine shop was local, I was able to supervise the first prototypes to make sure they came out perfect. Unfortunately, our design was a bit tricky to make and they kept breaking expensive tools to make them, so it took them longer to deliver them. I don't think anyone has drive gears designed like these, they really have nice sharp teeth. A cool feature is that it's designed to work with 3mm (standard size for Bukobots) filament but can also work on 1.75mm filament if you ever choose to change the nozzle size. It's made of high quality hardened stainless steel so it will probably never wear out or let anything get stuck to it...in other words, it's strong, long lasting and easy to clean. The grip on the filament has been so amazing that one of our Bukobot's filament rolls got tangled up once (when we weren't watching, our fault) and it almost tilted the whole machine sideways off the table! It truly is an awesome drive gear, and of course, it's comes standard on all the Bukobots. All the aluminum extrusions are now officially in (See pictures). Thursday, I finally personally picked up the remaining (and huge 1000lbs) order for the Bukobots frames. That's now crossed off the list! This weekend I should be able to pick up a few controler boards from Roy (he got some partials in that will help out), so that might help us get a few kits ready to start some shipping next week. Printed parts are all getting done nicely, everyday we have our Bukobot army printing away as many parts fit on each 8" platform (including a 12" experimental one). I haven't calculated it precisely, but I think we are making about 4 to 6 complete sets of parts per day at the moment with only a few machines. The new "Deezmaker 3D Printer Store &amp; Hackerspace" is slowly coming together and I hope it'll be a little more decent for the grand opening we have on the 23rd. Things are a bit messy right now because we been focusing on trying to get the Bukobots ready, but I think with some help from the family we'll get it looking nice. Please tell all your friends in the Los Angeles area to come to the grand opening on the 23rd, it should be fun! Here's the official announcement: Deezmaker Grand Opening So in conclusion, there's not many parts left to get and we are starting to prepare most things for shipping. I hate to say it, but so far I think this project has added many grey hairs to my head. It's really been exhausting and a huge learning experience, especially when little things go wrong that prevent other big things from progressing. Again, apologies for the delays but I was really hoping to keep the schedule to what I started with. With some unexpected minor set backs we experienced and some underestimated delivery times, a big lesson so far in this adventure is that vendors seem to give very approximate lead times that usually end up longer that expected, especially with higher quantity custom items. Enjoy the pictures, and thank you so much for your support and patience. I apologize for such a long delay since the last update and I truly appreciate your patience with this project. We have been swamped with the production of the Bukobots and I haven’t found much time to even take pictures or post our progress. It’s definitely feeling like things are happening and changing much faster than I can talk about them... The Bukobot 3D printer is my full time life since May 2012 and I am really putting my heart and soul (and some sleepless nights) into this to give you a really great machine you will fall in love with to create amazing things, and hopefully show all your friends what it can do. So I know this is another long update, but I’m going to try harder next time to make shorter ones and more often. Again, I really appreciate your patience and support on the project...we are trying our best to please everyone. Summary of what will be mentioned on this update: - Bukobot &amp; the Mars Rover - Big announcement (got to read it) - Production Updates - Parts Details - Make Faire NY - Make Magazine Trip Bukobot &amp; the Mars Rovers Believe it or not, but the Bukobot has a few little connections to the newly-landed Mars rover "Curiosity". First off, as you may have read before, I was invited to show off the Bukobot at NASA's JPL to demo what an affordable 3D printer can do for the NASA engineers and technical staff. I’m pretty sure I spoke to a few of the folks that were directly involved with the Mars rover landing. Second, our brand new and custom extruder drive gear (named "Tatsu", which means "dragon" in Japanese ) is being manufactured by a specialized local gear company that has also made gears for many NASA projects, including the Mars rovers. This means you are getting probably one of the best extruder drive gears in the 3D printer world. (Read more about "Tatsu" below) The other relation to the Mars rover that the Bukobots have is that they were both born in beautiful Pasadena, California! As you may already know, I'm based in Pasadena and we have the privilege of being surrounded with amazing technology campuses, like JPL, Caltech and the Pasadena Art Center. (see the attached picture of a printed "Curiosity" rover - Thingiverse: <url>…And speaking of Pasadena, I have a pretty big announcement…and you, being a backer that got this project kickstarted will be one of the first to know about this one before I officially announce it on the website… Because of your encouragement of this project and my persistence to gather some extras resources (including special favors from people close to me) I am pleased to announce that we are opening, and hopefully be the first in California, an official "Deezmaker 3D Printer Shop" retail shop AND “Hackerspace”, right here in Pasadena! The keys are in my hands and if all goes to plan, it should be ready (mostly) to open to the public around mid September. Now before anyone gets too excited (or worried) and although I know this is a big step to take for me (but I do have people helping to me), this new adventure should not affect the production of the Bukobots or create any extra delays. Actually, having a real location to build kits and organize everything should help make things smoother and faster for us to deliver your Bukobots (unlike my very hot and tiny garage!). The retail space is modest to start with (about 900 square feet, my garage was barely about 250...) and since the economy has been a little bad in the leasing business, I got a pretty good deal. This has been a dream of mine for a while now, even before the Bukobot project. One of the main reasons that drove me to dive into this new adventure is that fact that 3D printing is the future of home fabrication and showing its potential to people with live working 3D printers will help spread the word better than any other method. I noticed that when I would do a demo at a school or have someone come over my house to show them a Bukobot, I would see their imaginations running wild in their eyes like if the doors opened to the skies of endless possibilities. So the main purpose of this store/hackerspace is to have a place where people can experience 3D printing in person and learn how awesome it is to help make ideas into reality. The new "Deezmaker 3D Printer Shop" will also have other awesome benefits to those in the Los Angeles area that have ordered a Bukobot or want to see (or even use) a Bukobot in person. So for those willing to drive to Pasadena, I can now offer the chance for you to personally pick up your Bukobot and since it'll save some shipping costs, you will also get all the personal lessons on how to use a Bukobot. In addition to offering my Bukobot 3D printers at the shop, I will also have 3D printing supplies, tech support for almost any Reprap 3D printer and a "Hackerspace" / "Makerspace" area for those that need a cool place to build awesome personal projects. With time, I will also be adding special machines like CNC routers and laser cutters. So if you are a backer on not, I invite you to drop by as soon as we announce the opening on our website. It will be announce on twitter of course, so follow me there if you like or add yourself to the mailing list that I have added to the home page at deezmaker.com . Now for some Bukobot production updates Things are going mostly good in regards to getting parts in, but there is just so much going on. The only little bad news is that it is looking like shipping may be more towards end of September because of some supply issues beyond our control that we are having with a few of our vendors. The good news is that on some things we have received partial quantities, so we might be able to ship some models as soon as we complete other important parts. I think in general, we have about 90% of the parts we need, unfortunately we are waiting for some of the critical ones that can’t be substituted. New details on some parts - The New "Helios" Heated Platform The new "Helios" heated platform from Panucatt devices, which is included on the Vanilla and Duo Bukobots, has been finalized and sent to be made. We expect to have them in this next week along with the X3 boards and the motor drivers. If you see in the pictures, we have received the X1 boards already, but we need the drivers to complete them. - The New "Tatsu" Drive Gear Our new "Tatsu" drive gear is partially delivered (I only got about 20% of the order so far) because it's actually been really hard to manufacture so it's taking a little longer than I would like, but we should be getting the rest of them this week. I think the wait is worth it because new drive gear is really awesome, it grips PLA and ABS like there's no tomorrow! It might not sound like a big deal because it's such a small part, but believe me, ask anyone in the 3D printing world and they will say the drive gear is one of the most important (and usually most challenging) part to get excellent quality prints. I'm not one to brag much, but I really think we might have the best drive gear in the Reprap 3D printer community, and you get to have one (or two for Duo) on your Bukobots! I was really looking for a better drive gear because the current ones I've been using were ok, but I didn't think they were good enough nor reliable with PLA or harder plastics like polycarbonate. With our new custom design, I'm now even more confident of the reliability of our extruder's performance. One of the main issues with drive gears is that when using PLA, which is much harder than ABS, most drive gears can't seem to dig in deep enough to get a good grip on your material and end up slipping and eating up your filament instead of pushing it through the hot end. But now with our "Tatsu" drive gear, our tests seem to show that it's more reliable and has even more precision in feeding all our materials. - The Hot End (Extruder Tip) As you know, we were planning on using the "Budaschnozzle 1.1" from Lulzbot as the default hot end for the Bukobots. Although we tried to get them directly from Lulzbot to supply the Bukobots, we decide to get them manufactured locally instead since it is an open source design and a derivative of the Arcol Hot-End v3 too. We made this decision because we were a little worried about the lead time and felt that making them locally will give us little more control, but we also wanted some design changes we felt were needed for our purpose. The result is the "Bukoschnozzle". There's some minor differences between our hot end and the Budaschnozzle if you look at the pictures and compare. One main thing we didn't like was the copper heat sink so we design a nicer and bigger finned aluminum piece that actually replaces two other parts and helps make the nozzle straighter and cooler on the top section. The other big change was the redesign of the bottom plate that holds everything together. Instead of a thin steal plate and a piece of wood (that seemed to break after a while of use) we designed a single, water jet cut aluminum piece that actually helps heat sink the PEEK plastic even better, won't bend very easily (like the steal did) and reduces parts. - The Duo Thanks to the developers of the open source software ( Slic3r.org ) and the addition of us finalizing some parts for the Bukobot Duo, a few weeks ago we were able to successfully make some great two color prints with the Duo! With Slic3r’s (built in to Repeteir-Host) new multiple extruder options you’ll be able to do two material objects a little easier with the Bukobot Duo. - The New Y Carriage Design As I mentioned last time, the new Y carriage design is so much better now and we love it. Check out the picture to see the big differences on the original designs and the new one. It will make it much easier to assemble (from 16 parts to now only 8!), align and level since we have made it even stronger. We are now using 3-point mounting for super easy platform leveling. Thanks the to very strudy Helios heated bed, we can now mount the platform on just three points to avoid major platform warping and difficult adjustments. - Things still needed The only other major parts that are needed should be coming in next week hopefully and maybe the week after that at most, but as soon as we have enough parts to complete kits, I will try my best to start shipping them out. Getting some parts seemed to have been a lot more challenging than I would have ever expected. We also have a few Bukobots printing parts like crazy everyday and still have a lot to go, so that will still take some time to finish, but we can still get kits ready as the parts are finished. - Other smaller rewards The keychains have finally all been sent out, but we got delayed a bit because we were having some minor issues with the postal service and the software that makes the postage for them. If you are in the USA and didn’t get yours yet, please let me know so I can try to figure out why. As for the prototype pieces, unfortunately we’ve been so busy everyday trying to solve production issues and dealing with vendors that I haven’t been able to send any out. For those waiting for the prototype pieces, I'm really sorry, but producing the Bukobots has been a little bit of a higher priority at the moment, so I don’t think they will be sent out until possibly next week. BUT don't worry, you'll get them soon! As an extra bonus for your patience and since the end of the Bukobot kickstarter, I have even more prototype pieces to give so I’m including several more in your shipments, including a Bukobot keychain. Make Faire NY This month, the Make Faire in New York takes place (Sept 29-30) and we had the privilege of be accepted to show off the Bukobots at the 3D printer village there. In other words, Deezmaker and the Bukobots will be at Maker Faire NY! If you are going (or live close to NY) and you have a reward coming to you, please let me know! I might be able to take some kits with me if you want to pick them up personally. We will have a small booth in the “3D printer village” (we are maker #8666), so if you get to attend the Faire, please look visit us and we’ll give you some 3D printer goodies. More info at <url>“Ultimate Guide to 3D Printing”. Since we are in full production mode and a recent Kickstarter project, they thought we weren’t ready to let them borrow a Bukobot for some tests and the deadline was the 23rd to send a printer. Fortunately, I jump on the chance and convinced them to extended the deadline a few days to include the Bukobot. So last week Rich and I spent a couple of long days building a fresh looking Bukobot for them. We did have other Bukobots we could have given them, but our “production” ones aren’t really pretty and photogenic (and not to mention used to make our parts). So we ended up make a quick one with all the latest parts. In addition, to make sure our entry was guaranteed, I decided to actually drive up to their headquaters and deliver our Bukobot in person (only a 7 hour drive). The greatest thing about the trip was that I got to meet some wonderful people that create the stuff you see in the magazine and I was able to setup the Bukobot and made sure it was ready for testing (which was pretty easy anyways). The End Of Update...for now... So that's it for this update... I could’ve added some more minor things, but I’ll save it for the next update since this one was so long... And again, thanks for everyone’s amazing support of the Bukobot 3D printer! Below are some pictures of the Bukobot production (my cramped garage with boxes), my visit to Make magazine, the new shop being painted and other detail shots of the Bukobot we took for Make magazine... hope you enjoy them. For more photos, go to: <url>"plastics only" rewards but I've really had to focus hard on getting some critical things done for the Bukobots so I can try to keep things as close to schedule as possible. Key chains and Prototype pieces are being shipped this week. As for the Bukobots, some parts have just been taking a long time to get made, delivered or finalized from vendors. We are working hard to get everything on time, and to be honest with everyone, there might be a small chance that shipping of the Bukobot kits may crawl into September, but I'm trying my best to avoid that. As you might have already known, I have opened the "Deezmaker Store" at deezmaker.com to get pre-orders for the next batch. If you know any friends or family that wants a Bukobot, you should try to order it quickly (using "kickstarter" coupon code) so I can try to add it to the end of this batch. I have ordered a few extras of everything so I should be able to ship some extra Bukobots around September, immediately after the Kickstart batch. So don't forget to tell everyone you are getting one! Here's a quick status of what's going on with supplies: Key chains: Done, ready to ship Prototype Pieces: ready to ship Bukobot "Plastics Only" Reward: Almost ready to ship (read below) Bukobot Kits Progress.... Parts that have arrived or finished : Motors, Geared Motors, Power Supplies, Synchromesh Cables, Bearings, X1 Boards, Linear Bearings, Fans Parts almost ready or close to arriving : Final design tweaks and testing, hot ends, X3 Boards, Synchromesh Pulleys, Aluminum parts, Screws/Nuts, Rods, plastic materials (filament), other little stuff. Parts not ready, but should be around mid August : Heated platform, stepper drivers, printed plastic parts, some wiring, misc items. Now for some great news... To help me out in making Deezmaker the best 3D printing company possible (and trying to keep things on schedule), I got the privilege of adding to my team one of the coolest guys you can get for 3D printing. His name is Rich (AKA "whosawhatsis"), the creator of the "Wallace" reprap 3D printer (front page of RepRap.org ) and a total 3D printer guru. Since he lives close to me and wasn't deeply committed to any fun jobs, he accepted my offer to jump aboard the Deezmaker 3D printing team. He's been in doing 3D printing longer than me and has experience with tons of things relating to 3D printing. So look him up on the web ( whosawhatsis.com ) and you'll see what awesome stuff we might be creating together. Check out Rich's announcement: <url>"plastic only" rewards , there has been some awesome design tweaks that I really wanted include before sending them out (so you have the latest) that I think you'll be happy to see. Your "plastics only" kit is not just plastic any more! I've re-designed some parts that are now aluminum plate which makes them super strong, more precise, very easy to work with and much more efficient for us to manufacture too. So I do believe the little extra wait for your parts will be worth it. For the rest of my backers anxiously waiting for the Bukobots, there's some really cool stuff going on. Rich and I have been really working hard to make the Bukobot the best 3D printer possible. Although the Bukobots were pretty good to start with, we have been testing, tweaking, re-designing almost all the parts to make it better, easier to build and just awesome! Below are the descriptions of some of the latest major changes we have been working on. We have also been working closely with Panucatt Devices ( panucatt.com ) with the electronics and they are coming out amazing! Take a look at the pictures. New on the Bukobot: The NEW X Carriage (Shown in pictures, compare from old version) This is where the extruder mounts to slide back and forth. This used to be all ABS plastic, which works fine, but since the extruder deals with a lot of heat, I wanted to do something better. What we came up with is an extremely simple design with a single aluminum plate. This in turn gives you a whole bunch of new features too. #1 - Aluminum is much stronger and helps keep the extruder system much cooler (like a heat sink) verses ABS plastic. #2 - The bearing holders are now separate pieces so they can be upgraded or changed to something different in the future without replacing the whole X carriage. #3 - Much faster to produce locally, although this plate is cut out with popular water jet systems, it can still be made by hand if needed. #4 - Increases accuracy because of reduced flexing of the extruder compared to ABS plastic. #5 - We now use a special bridge to connect two of these for the dual extruders for more precise alignment. X3 Features The X3 controller board has not changed much, but it looks like it will now be a cool looking black board, with yellow writing on it and some neat blue LEDs to light it up when it's on. We are also working on a way to let you hack in a bluetooth module for wireless control. Some features it already has are: Dual extruder ready, SD card reader, nice LEDs indicators, Voltage Booster ready (separate module), LCD / Control Pad connection and it uses the ATMEL 1284P 16mhz surface mount chip. New Awesome Better (and Looking) Hot Bed Platform (for Vanillas and Duos) We've been working close with Panucatt Device to make the ultimate heated bed platform for the Bukobots and this one is turning out awesome! Check out the pictures and you'll see it'll be the coolest looking hot bed of any 3D printer! The Bukobots are the first printers to include this bed design so your friends will be jealous! Features: - Screw mounted power connectors to avoid common problems with soldered connections - Super thick (3.4mm) and high temperature rated PCB eliminates using other support materials to make the whole platform lighter and less prone to warping - Built-in surface mount LED power indicator and an integrated connection with center hole for thermistor so no more taping thermistor with wires! If you have a "Green" model, don't worry, we will be offering the platform later as an upgrade. New Aluminum Simplified Y Carriage So to hold this new Hot Bed, I ended up re-designing the Y carriage to make things even better. My previous design worked great but I found it a little too complicated to put together and to align things. The new Y carriage now has fewer parts, remains expandable (for the future), mostly all aluminum (water jet cut) and is stronger than before without adding much weight. These extra features add up to give you more precision, simplifies assembly and makes everything nice and straight with out even trying! Take a look at the rendering and you'll see how easy it's going to be to put together. So in conclusion... It looks like we might be a little delayed in somethings, but I think when you get your Bukobots you'll understand why we work so hard on the details. We want you to see how cool and easy 3D printing can be. We do strive to make high quality products and want to maintain a good reputation from the start. Thank you all again for your amazing support and patience with this project, I hope you enojoy the pictures! ...The Deezmaker Team P.S. Don't forget to checkout twitter (@deezmaker) and our website (deezmaker.com) for more updates and info. I hope everyone is doing great! I just wanted to announce that the store is open (for now) for those that missed the Kickstarter batch. Store link: <url>"pre-order" one as soon as possible and I can try my best (but no promises!) to add it to the end of the kickstarter rewards batch. Keep in mind, if you don't order soon and I get too many orders, you might miss the chance to get it sooner and you may not get one until possibly November or so. Obviously if you are a backer, you don't need to worry about it, you'll get yours before any pre-orders. Also, you may have noticed the price is a little higher since I wanted my initial backers to get a better deal for having faith in this project in the beginning of course...BUT, if you use the code "KICKSTARTERS" I can give you $50 off any $800+ order. Everything else is moving along great, but it's been super busy. Keychains are almost ready to go out and "plastics only" rewards will also be ready too after some minor design improvements that I wanted to include. On another note, I had the amazing privilege to be invited by Jon Schrieber (from CSC) to an "I.T. Event" for the staff and engineers at NASA's JPL facility in Pasadena to demonstrate my low cost version of a 3D printer, the Bukobot (as they use $20,000+ 3D printers of course). I had such an great time meeting with so many engineers and staff that actually work on the major NASA missions like the rover on Mars, satellites orbiting Saturn and other far out space things. During the event, I printed a bunch of keychains with the JPL logo to give out and even made an iPhone case with the CSC logo. It was just so awesome to be there surrounded by folks that put things in space, it's just hard to describe the feeling! Check out the video and pictures below. Thank you again everyone for your wonderful support! Video from a JPL staff intern: <url>"Makerbot Monthly" meeting. This is open to everyone that is interested in 3D printing and anyone that wants a chance to see the Bukobot in person. Below is the info: <url>"Deezmaker Store" is almost ready (hopefully for next week), so keep an eye out for that. If you know someone that missed the Kickstarter Bukobots (or maybe you want more) I will have a store open soon for "pre-orders" that will be made after the full Kickstarter batch is shipped. Again, thank you all for your amazing support and I really appreciate everyone's enthusiasm for the Bukobot project! ...and I hope everyone has a wonderful Father's Day on Sunday! (Photo below is a picture of me setting up from a previous "Makerbot Monthly" meeting at Crashspace) Oh my gosh! I'm so amazed with all of your support! This was such an incredible experience and it's just the beginning! I'm extremely honored to be able to make all of you the best 3D printer I can and to inspire your 3D printing imaginations!!! A huge thanks to my Dad, my very supporting girlfriend Jyoti, my mom, the folks at Crashspace.org and all of you backers for the wonderful comments, advice and positive support that will make this project a reality!!! Thank you so much!!! I love all you guys! If you haven't got your Bukobot, you have 30 minutes left! Don't be left behind on this first batch! Incredible! $160k+ and most of it came in the last few days! This is unbelievable and I'm so excited that there's so many awesome people out there that want to experience 3D printing with a Bukobot! Again, thank you all for your wonderful comments and support on this Bukobot project! The photo below has the members of Crashspace at the Maker Faire Booth that have helped me tons with this project: Left to right - Theron and his wife, Naim, Me and Rich (the designer of the Wallace Reprap 3D printer). What can I say? Just incredible! In the last few moments of this projects, the pledges have just been pouring in! Thank you so much for everyone's support! Only 12 hours left and still going! If you haven't pledged for your Bukobot yet, don't miss out on the special first batch, time is running out! These prices are special for Kickstarter backers and I can't guarantee they will remain the same when I offer them on my online store. So don't miss this chance to get your Bukobot, or you may have to wait after August 2012 to get one. And don't forget to share this with your friends before it's too late! Thank you all! You guys rock! The Bukobots love you all! P.S. Here's a picture of my Dad, the host of the show, a Bukobot 8 Vanilla and me at the Fresno TV station (Univision 21) for another interview earlier today. I'm starting to almost feel like a 3D printing movie star ; ) I just can't believe it, we passed $100,000! You guys are just so awesome! The Bukobot is going to take off with so much great support thanks to all of you. Great things are going to happen with the Bukobot! The Bukobot was actually IN THE NEWS! On my way back from the Maker Faire, I stopped by Fresno to visit my Mom and I was contacted by the local spanish TV station about doing a little report on 3D printing since I'm originally from Argentina and I speak spanish too. They wanted to show their Hispanic audience how accessible 3D printing is and how education (with a 3D printer) can help realize your dreams. They taped it this morning and it end up airing later that day at about 6pm (they are fast!). I thought they did a wonderful job and it was kind of cool to be on TV : ) Check out the video below (Disclaimer: I recorded this on a TV with my video camera, so sorry about the quality and the clapping by my mom...and it's also in spanish.) Now for some other cool stuff... Many have requested this and I finally got the numbers. If you chose to get a single extruder Bukobot that comes with the X1 controller board and feel that you will want a dual extruder in the future, I can now offer you the X3 controller for $50 more on your pledge. If you already selected a "Duo" model, you will already have the X3, so no need to worry about this. All the single extruder Bukobots will come with the X1 controller (even the Bukito), but if you want me to include the X3 instead, just add $50 to your pledge. The X3 now includes a built-in SD card reader, a cool new cover with all the LED lights and all the extra components to run a dual extruder (extra motor driver, hot-end and thermistor controls). See the picture to see what it looks like, it's really cool! Maker Faire, good times! The Maker Faire was just amazing. I was talking to tons of people about 3D printing, how the Bukobots work, printing out and giving away samples all day. It was so fun hanging out with the other members from Crashspace at the booth and sharing their projects too. I even got to meet one of my backers in person and gave him my octopus 3D print from the "How to print a 3D object" video...@Mike: make sure to keep that famous octopus safe, it might be worth a lot in the future ; ) Check out the video and some pictures from the Maker Faire event. So I hope everyone is excited as I am about the Bukobots becoming a reality! I can't wait to start making your Bukobots and I hope your imagination is already running wild with 3D ideas! Thank you all for your kind and wonderful support! Thank you all for the support! We are getting close to the 200% mark and it's getting very exciting! I'm currently at the Maker Faire this weekend and I've been talking to tons of wonderful people that are ready to get into 3D printing with a Bukobot. I have been printing things out all day at the event, from my Bukobot Fly (which is now #1 on thingiverse.com in popularity!), to Crashspace.org logo coins and iPhone cases. If you are at the Maker Faire, please stop by (booth 107 at the exhibit hall) and I'll give you a 3d print of something cool and show you all the great features of the Bukobots. I want to just share a link of a really cool guy I met at the faire that specializes in PLA filament and gave me some samples to try out during the event. And I have to say, I really like this filament, it was very consistent and there are some cool transparent colors..he even had glow-in-the-dark PLA! so when you get your Bukobot, checkout his PLA online store when it's ready: <url>"Rest in peace my poor Ol' Prusa Mendel" Now for the exciting news: Bukobots at Maker Faire! If anyone is attending the "Maker Faire" in San Mateo I will be there showing my Bukobots! So if you want to see one in person (and maybe I'll print something out for you too), this will be a great chance to see them in action! When you are at the Maker Faire, find the "Crashspace" of LA booth and hopefully I'll get to meet you and you can also check out some other cool things we'll have on display. It looks like we will be at the "Hackerspace Area", but follow my twitter feed ( @deezmaker ) and I'll announce where I will be exactly. I will also try to share when cool things happen during the event through twitter. Cheers! Hope everyone has a great weekend! Hi Everyone! I hope everyone is excited that the Bukobots will become a reality! Things are moving forward very fast now and I've made some cool test to show the printer's quality. I've been asked a lot what the resolution capabilities were of the Bukobots, so I made a little (literally!) test to show it. In theory, I knew the Bukobot can handle it and things always sound great on paper, but I decide to put it to a good test. Most 3D printers work at 0.3mm or 0.25mm and barely do well at 0.1mm, but I pushed my Bukobot 8 Vanilla prototype to 0.05mm. The detail actually amazed me because I thought the plastic wasn't going to be good enough to go that small, but it did and it came out really awesome. All Bukobot models will be able to do these resolutions because the axis travel ratios will all be same. I hope this shows everyone how solid and precise a Bukobot can be. Click on images to download the high-res version Yoda Resolution Test 0.1mm Layers, 7.5cm tall I printed a sculpture and a yoda because they had some nice curves that would show the layers nicely. I printed these on my Bukobot 8 Vanilla prototype using Repetier Host for mac and Slic3r 1.7.2b for the slicing. The nozzle is a Budaschozzle 1.1 with a 0.35mm opening from the awesome guys at Lulzbots.com and my controller board is the Azteeg X1 from Panucatt Devices . Thanks everyone for your support! And don't forget to share this project with your circle of friends! We have passed 100% funding! Thanks to everyone's support, we can now produce the Bukobots and release them into the world for everyone to print cool 3D stuff! But let's not stop there! Please keep bugging your friends and family to spread the word so we can all benefit from a big community of 3d printers! A quick note about the status of this project. My Bukobots are currently perfectly functional and ready for production. I am, however, still refining some aspects of them (like organizing the wiring a little better and fine tuning print settings) to make it the best 3D printer I can deliver to all by backers. Remember, Bukobots are all about quality and simplicity so you can do more 3D printing and less fussing. To excite everyone a little more about the Bukobot, I made a quick little video showing the easy process of printing an object out on a Bukobot printer. This might help everyone get a better feel of how cool and easy it is to print 3D objects and see the Bukobot in action. (Please forgive my acting skills and my workshop , I have been exhausted from working so hard on this project I didn't organize or rehearse for this : ) ...I can assure you the instructional videos that will come later will be better and more entertaining!) For teachers and educators out there, I paid a visit to my old high school and demonstrated 3D printing to several classes. It was really great to see how excited the students were about 3D printing. I have a quick video to show you my awesome electronics teacher (which also teaches wood shop), Mr. Schultz, from my old high school days to explain in his own words the advantages of 3D printing in the classroom. Here's the video of Mr. Schultz: <url>"FAQ" section at the bottom of the project page. Hope this helps clarify some things or give you more insight of the Bukobot project. It flies! The little airplane experiment I started a couple days ago has been going great. I refined the design a few times and made it even thinner for it to be lighter, until I finally got it to fly! I went to the park today to test it out and it glides nicely! I'm not sure about this, but this might be the world's first 3D printable hand glider that flies! This little airplane was more than just an idea, it was a test that really gave me a chance to challenge the quality of the Bukobot and so far it's been amazing. This airplane had very thin layers (0.1mm) and needed to be very precise (for obvious reasons). It seems that I've been able to print even the most challenging 3D objects with little or no adjustments so far. Things are looking great for the Bukobot. Below is the link to thingiverse of where I posted the files and pictures of the "Bukobot Fly" airplane design. <url>"290" backers wasn't all kits and I think I have about 50 or so kits left (including a few of you guys which are in the next batch). The one good thing is that the more recent kits we will be shipping have some cool improvements included which I'll try to show in an update soon. I appreciate everyone's patience and please don't be scared, you will get your machines! Sorry if anyone has send emails and I haven't responded. My father had some serious surgery done this week and it kind of ruined my plans and production for this week. He's doing fine and everything is ok, but I'll try to get to everyone's emails this weekend. Hi folks, we are definitely working our hardest to get things out, and to trying to get it right the first time. It's been 7 day weeks and 12 hours days for many months now for myself and trust me, I do want to finish sending all your rewards as fast as I can. Unfortunately, international shipping has been big challenge. We did some test ones and most made it fine but I did have some issues with a couple. I'm not a shipping expert so it's been a bit tricky to learn the ins and outs of shipping electronics stuff and 3D printing kits since "3d printing" doesn't seem to exist to customs people. We are figuring out what works and what to avoid, but it has not been easy. If anyone has some good tips on how to almost guarantee safe travels for the kits, please message me. I am reading the notes everyone has sent in the surveys and will try our best to follow them when it concerns shipping. I understand everyone wants a tally and updates, and I would love to do this, but unfortunately this will take precious time away from the real work we need to do and things will change on a daily basis so it'll be hard to keep everything updated. The low price of the rewards has not given me much room to really hire any additional people so some things would be just be counter productive at this point and I apologize for this. I absolutely do appreciate everyone support and patience, but I think this month should be a very productive month so please hang in there, we are getting close to shipping completing the kickstarter rewards. @Kenneth: what you quoted means they have "placed orders", but I still have many waiting for delivery too. I only made a couple exceptions since no shipping was required and they were for very important educational purposes. Please forgive me on those, but when science teachers from the visually impaired department wanted to get one to help teach their students using 3D objects, it's hard to say no. @Mark: Glad you got it : ) Just follow "Jit Build" for now even though it's for the Duo. 95% of the instructions are the same for all models. The only major differences between models maybe the Y carriage and the second extruder. @Trevor: Don't worry, I don't think we will miss anyone, we just have lots of kits to ship. I think we have about at least 50+ out the door already but we are trying our best to get them shipped. You will get an email with shipping info when yours goes out. There might be a delay in the next batch since I got sick this last week for a few days and I just finally recovered enough to get stuff done today. It not so fun when the only days off I got are in bed sick and trying to add to more info to the wiki... I doing a few international shipments to test out the shipping (customs and such) and to make sure the packing is good too. When I get some word on the receiving end and I'll include a few every batch. @Chris Ullmann: The vanillas and others come with the Azteeg X1 unless you upgraded when it was offered. the Duo has the X3. @PhracturedBlue - As an additional endorsement, the author of the article (Matt) actually ordered one from me for personal use : ) Not really that many, only about 130, there's many that were the smaller rewards...But things moving along good, got about 20 delivered already, but a big batch is going out this week too... We are working on the instructions while trying to do the shipping too, so it's a bit crazy to do all at once (I even have my aunt working!). I do have the wiki started at bukobot.com and actually have some backers already contributing to it! I think there's about 6+ backers that already have a running Bukobot even without instructions, so I wouldn't worry about the difficulty of building one...We are working hard for you guys and I do appreciate your patience, we want to make sure things are as perfect as can be. We are definitely working extra hard to get all the kits out before Christmas season (especially since I'm going to need a break soon so I don't get a heart attack) @Michael Wilhite: I'm doing some models in phases to make things a little more efficient, so when your model is ready send out, you'll get the survey...will be very soon : ) Yes, you'll definitely get an email when your shipment goes out. @Frans: Those look like lego shocks ; ) but the bed doesn't need them, should still be still enough hold accuracy. The springs are for adjusting and any accidental nozzle collision to the bed. I sent out some survey to get the ball rolling and put more pressure on myself to ship things out. A few models are going to get the survey a little later, but I'm trying to doing things as orderly as I can without getting too crazy. Will do a quick update soon... @sohjsolwin : We have an internal BOM (list of parts) but we are trying to make it more friendly for others to read. That should be posted in a few days on our website. @Chirag: Not sure the exact week, but some international addresses might ship a little later because of the difficulty of the customs and trying to find the best shipping methods. Update soon. The Maker Faire was amazing but we are still in New York (returning Wednesday) to do some extra business and actually personally delivery a few partial kits to some backers. I'll make an assessment of what's going on with supplies when I'm back. @Robert: Yes, I'll put up a wiki and forums for everyone to discuss and find out more on the Bukobot. As soon I have all my parts in for the kits, I'll be able to focus on some other things like this. I'm planning to possibly make some quick videos to get everyone started on the builds since it'll be the fast way to do it, then later I'll put up more detailed info on a wiki. I'm also going to be working with some folks at Crashspace to help me with a "outsider's view" on building of the Bukobot. @MJP: Yes, I'm including filament and it mostly likely be an assortment of cool colors but possibly mostly clear PLA to start with. If you do pick up it and the new store, I can personally help you and teach you about it and I can maybe throw in a bit more filament too. You will also be welcomed to come in anytime if you have any issues or questions about your Bukobot. @Mark: I spoke to the guys at File2Part and there were going to send me a beta of the program when it's ready to test with our machines. There's a very good chance it will work fine with the Bukobots since we use the very popular "Marlin" firmware that I believe they support already. Hi Guys, I'm going to post an update soon, but I wanted to wait for tomorrow because there's some news I'm waiting for on some items. It's looking like some things are a little more delayed and I might get some partials which I may find out tomorrow. Sorry again, there's somethings a bit out of my control on these things, we'll know more tomorrow night. Again, if anyone is local to Los Angeles and can come get your reward in Pasadena, please let me know when I send out the survey to get your addresses, it'll definitely help reduce the shipping process. Thanks everyone for your patience. I do know the feeling of waiting for things as I have ordered a few kickstarter items too. We are trying our best (and learning a lot of unexpected things in the process) to deliver your rewards as soon as we can with the quality we promised. @Mark Pavia : Yes, I know! and it's been bugging me too about the clips. We are trying to find a more elegant way to do that....but technically, it is a "homemade" machine anyways.... ; ) @Robert F-C: Yes, there's a cover you can print that protects the terminals, which I might try to include but you can always print your own style too. To add the IEC socket adds a lot of complication, but I think most people can figure out different solutions if they need to. You can alway just put the power supply in the back somewhere separate... there's many options for you to think about. Awesome! I would encourage anyone that can, to pick up their kits at my new shop. Almost there with an update, I haven't forgotten about my wonderful backers. Hang in there, good things are coming... I ended up going on a quick road trip to Make magazine HQ ( <url>"The Ultimate Guide to 3D Printing". The people there were really awesome and very fun. Got a quick tour of the place and looks like a toy shop for geeks. Lot of fun. I'm on my way home tomorrow so you'll see an update by the weekend. I really apologize for the delay, but it feels like things are happening faster than I can write about them... so it might be a pretty long update... ...oh and @Robert F-C : We don't keep the motors in buckets... we are a little more organized than that... ; ) Soon folks... I know you're all getting anxious, and believe me, I am too. I want you guys to have these Bukobots at home as much as you do. It's just me and Rich working our best and I'm fighting to get the vendors to get your parts. I will be adding more "production" photos on the update. But to keep you a little entertained, he's a quick test hack we did yesterday (that wasn't really that hard to do, I'll post instructions on the site later) to add an infrared remote trigger (wireless) for a Canon SLR camera and using simple gcode to trigger it: <url>"Starburns Studios" and this other kickstarter <url>"built". We are trying to promote how robust and flexible the Bukobots are so I think it'll help illustrate that with this little side project. Yeah, that's just one part... still got a few others I'm trying to deal with. There is even one case where the supplier sent me the wrong parts TWICE!, can you believe it? and I'm still waiting for them to correct it with the proper one... I didn't think it was going to be such a headache with vendors...except for Roy, he's really cool and we made some last minute tweaks that may have delayed things a bit, but you will be getting really awesome components because of it. I know, I know.. sorry, I was preparing the update this week but I got an email from MAKE magazine (<url>"Buko" model instead of the Bukito if you can. If you don't think you will upgrade to anything later, the Bukito is a wonderful way to get started with 3D printing. Also, I'm figuring out the details and will post an update later today about how much it would take to switch from an X1 (for all the single extruders kits) into an X3 controller that will be ready with the capabilities for a dual extruder if you decide to get one later. It will also have some extra benefits that I will explain later too. Thanks everyone for your patience and support, I am working hard for you guys to make sure you will all love the Bukobots! @Chris: Thanks for your support! The beams are 25mm (almost an inch) but I'll be posting all the details when I finalize the design of whole project. Each end of the synchrocable is crimped with common electrical terminals or clamped to an adjustable tensioner to make sure it's all tight. It's pretty simple stuff! @Brain: The only other option I know is polycarbonite. Here's a good test I've seen: <url>"8", the "Buko 8" it's mostly longer pieces of the frame, bigger platform and some minor hardware parts. Between the Single and Duo, the "Duo" has an extra extruder (motor,hot end..etc), bigger controller board, better power supply and a few longer parts to accomodate the extra width. Between Green and Vanilla, Vanilla has the heated platform (and extra wires, platform materials..etc), a little better power supply, and some extra minor parts. If you are concerned about the building of the machine, it's all models will require the same effort generally. @Michael: See this list: <url>"Bukobot Fly" airplane glider that I designed has showed up on the home page of "Instructable" website (<url>"Bukobot Fly": <url>"Buko" models (not Bukito) can be upgrade one way or another. I am still working out the details, but I should have upgrade kits figured out once I deliver this round of orders. If you will want to convert a "Mini" to "Duo" you will also need to expand the width a little to not lose build volume of course (as Frederik mentioned : ) ). I should have upgrade kits for these situations later. BUT...Although you can upgrade most things later, I do recommend everyone should get the best machine you can afford now because these prices are very special to Kickstarter backers and I can't promise they will be the same to upgrade later. For now, I am not changing the "Open" design because I believe it's one of the great features of the Bukobots. If anyone has experience with a "Box" 3D printer, you will understand the issues involved when things need to be adjusted or just reaching to get your 3D object off the platform, they are prone to make things a little more difficult that they should be in my opinion. @Frederik : Thank you so much for your helping other with some questions. This is what open source is all about. Sometimes a group of people can explain things better! @ Everyone : Again, thank you all for your excitement and support! I look forward to delivering the best 3D printers you can get! Thank you everyone for your support! We have crossed the 100% mark, the Bukobots will now become a reality for everyone! Thank you everyone for your great comments and suggestions! I've working hard this week doing some improvements and more prints to show. I'm also working on perfecting the new "Bukito" model so I can get some pictures done. I will be send out an update soon with some more cool stuff! Thanks for the support everyone! Thank you Frederik for your comment and support! I'm sure you will love your Bukobot! All complete kits will include about a pound of filament that will help you get started and print several things out. At the moment, I don't have the resources to buy filament in bulk so I wouldn't be able to offer any. If I find that the goal is passed by a lot, I will consider adding more to the kits. Buko is actually the name of one of my awesome dogs. We rescued 3 dogs and I love them so much, I decided to name this project after the biggest one. On the next update I'll try to remember to show a picture of Buko and family. He's a strong Lab - Mastiff mix that is very loving and gorgeous, which is kind of what the Bukobots aspire to be ; ) Robert, Thanks for your questions. Upgrading to dual extruder will also include some extra electronics and some other minor things, so having some models "dual extruder ready" will increase the price a bit and I wanted to keep the single extruder models at the lowest price possible. I might consider a "trade-up" program afterwards that maybe involves sending in your extra parts for some credit, especially for Backers. At the moment, getting a dual extruder model now will be more beneficial because I tried very hard to keep the prices as low as possible for a high quality machine. The main difference between the "Green" and "Vanilla" Bukobots are the heated platform (which uses extra components for support), and the possibly the power supply, but the rest is all the same, even the extruder. Unfortunately, the heated platform and power supply are one of the more expensive pieces so reducing those a little bit helps me offer the "Green" models at a lower cost without affecting the quality. July for the "Buko 8 Green" delivery is actually a mistake (thanks for catching that), it should have been August. I feel pretty confident on the delivery dates because I planned ahead on some things to try to make production more smoothly. I haven't done a project on Kickstarter before, so I hope everything is smooth when we reach the day, but I still added a few weeks of slack for the deliveries, so hopefully it should all be ok. As for shipping, I tried to find the best "middle ground" for all over the world, but if you are outside the US it just get very expensive. If you have special shipping requirements, email me privately with your location and I can see if I can accommodate your needs. Thank you Robert for your support. You had some excellent questions so I went ahead and added some more FAQ's on the main page, so check them out at the bottom! Hope they answer all your questions! Thank you again for your support. Hi Jose, Thank you for your comments. I appreciate everyones feedback. First of all, the Bukobots are ALL metric to start with, BUT it can be very easily adapted to imperial (SAE) if you wanted to with little effort. The main reasons I use metric are that it's available pretty much everywhere, even in the USA, and it helps with more precision in the calibration of the printer because most of the popular software uses metric values anyways. I'm not taking short cuts to make 3D printers super cheap at the cost of quality, I want to delivery a high quality printer that will be easy to build but without the stability issues when printing big objects or fast speeds. I also wanted to make a frame to handle dual extruders, which I believe the Bukobot 8 Duo might be the most affordable Dual Extruder out there. (Makerbot's Dual: $2,000(+ shipping) with 4,900cc build volume - Vs - Bukobot 8 Duo: $1300 (includes shipping) with 8,000cc build volume.) I am working on making things a little more "aesthetically pleasing" of course so I agree a little with you on that, but my photos are of prototypes so they are not as clean looking as I want them. I do have a Prusa Mendel and I didn't like how the wiring was either, but the Bukobots will definitely hide more wiring and look ten times better than a Prusa on your desk. The other 3D printers you mentioned are ALL copies of something (there's actually old CNC Machines that look just like the Makerbots, but bigger), and there are even more similar printers to that you haven't mentioned, but that's what open source is all about. In most cases, the "original" is absolutely not the best design you would want to use today. Technology advances fast. There are only about a dozen different layouts possible for a 3-axis "cartesian" style bot, and most of them would make no sense on a 3D printer (which needs a long, slow Z axis and fast, lightweight X and Y with the tool and workpiece + platform having very roughly the same mass), and all of these designs had been done before in other applications (CNC machines, lasercutters..etc) before anyone ever though of putting a thermoplastic extruder on one. So your example is like saying a BWM X5 is a copy of the Ford model-T and we should go back to the Ford Model-T. The basics will alway remain the same, but it's how you execute it that will give you a great machine and quality prints. I haven't been satisfied with current designs out there, so with Kickstarter, I will be ale to offer these printers and try to develop even better ones in the future. I am thinking of some new extruder designs for other materials in addition to other improvements too, but I need everyone's support. This 3D printing world is still young and there's room for improvement everywhere. I want to push the envelope to give everyone the best 3D printing experience possible without breaking the bank. Thank you for supporting innovation and open source projects! There are many open source "Host" programs to control the Bukobots. I'm probably going to be using "Repetier Host" (<url>" tall object ends up costing about $2.80 or less. Pretty much each plastic part of the Bukobots can be cloned (printed) for about $2 or less each, and if you want to sell them to friends/family, it's up to you (thanks to open source). You will definitely need a computer to print things, but nothing special, just a normal USB port. I have an old (6 years!) laptop I used to give demos and it works fine surprisingly. I'm sure most people have better machines than this. There are a several popular programs out there that are compatible to control the Bukobots. Currently my printers work with very generic "G-code", which is probably the most common language for 3D printers and CNC machines. I'm evaluating a couple apps, but the one I choose to use as a starting point will be easy to use, free and open source. Of course, since the boards are built around an open source platform (Arduino based) you can change the firmware and use other systems compatible with the board itself if you are a techie. I will post some more details in the coming days. I hope this helps answer a few of the questions for now. I didnt receive it yet ㅠㅜ Arrived today downUnder. Everything looks intact, although the outside box looks like its been in the wars a bit. Looks like my weekend's planned now. Thanks, Diego! hi Diego, can you let me know about mine? thanks Got my Bukobot yesterday, payed a hefty Import duty Fee, $200. But I was pretty happy anyway :P So far, so good, even with the lack of assembly docs it's pretty straightforward, might be because we are two enigineers (machine & computer) that is doing the assembly. Only one problem so far, I was missing a distance (the round plexi one for the Y ends) But since it was a non critical part it was easy to replace :P Lost Values: If you just got your package I think you might already have the newer extruder Hi, where do I sign up to update my extruder? (I have a dual head) also would like to use the opportunity to have a nylon one. Thanks! PS the heated bed arrived with the glass broken, still works but I could consider an exchange too and make the most of the international shipment. PS Love my Bukobot! and my latest project has been shortlisted for an award, I would not have made all the prototyping tests without it. THANK YOU! Diego, hi ...!! I do agree that u should give us some update about what's going on? We have been waiting too long for our printer already ...!! And now even no update at all for more than 2 months .... !! So when will the printer really to ship ?? I am waiting for the BUKO 8 DUO KIT (International) Diego, please, are the technical things already resolved?. I think you should give us an update at least once a week, this is getting too long thanks at this point i already bought and went through 4 other printers.. and the bukobot was the first one i "bought" which is still not here.. i sent you a few messages, no reply.. please let me know what we can do Diego, I suppose I am one of the remaining 18 kickstarters, but don't know what you mean when you say "with some special exceptions" ! Could you clarify that? Thanks Yeah, thanks Diego, you are forgiven. ;) Sorry to hear about the quality issues :/ Maybe you could schedule half an hour each week for posting small updates in your next project to keep the frustration of your backers down? Thanks for the update Diego! It makes it a bit easier to wait ;) And the lack of informations is very frustrating, especially when yoiu have launched a new project!!!!!! On July 17 Diego wrote in an update: ---------- "If you are the small few left to get a Bukobot, I apologize for the additional delays, but you should be getting your shipment and tracking info within days". ---------- Is the Bukito project taking up most of the time, are we waiting for some parts or is it something else? I'm use to days turning into weeks, and even months, on Kickstarter timelines. But information is always nice! ;) Hi Diego with all honesty I think we have crossed all possible borders with this project. We need to receive a CLEAR statement with the promised delivery or we will have to take decisions here. Hope we do not need to get serious and we can find a way to get things delivered. Thanks. Can we have a progress report, please? I would just like to know what sort of time frame you anticipate on deliveries for outstanding pledge rewards. I just received a package purporting to be a novelty/entertainment item from Deezmaker. It better not be a bunch of DVD movies to help me wait... I'll post an update once I confirm the entire parts list. Is this up to date: <url>"He who waits for something good never waits too long." But I'm almost dying of not knowing any numbers :) I received my printer about a week ago and got it set up over the weekend. I'm very impressed with the build quality. I've avoided the preset profiles provided on the wiki however as I've found that they weren't giving me the most ideal results, but I guess a lot of 3d printing involves practice and seeing what works best. Hello Diego, I am waiting on a Duo and there is some international shipment involved. Can you give any further updates on the shipment progress since you mention about 6 days ago that it’s “almost all there”? Thanks Diego, I finally received the Duo today! So it's been 10 days since your last reply and I was just wondering where you're at with the remaining shipments Are there many left? Have you had any holdups? Can I expect it to be shipped before the end of the month? Just a little curious because it feels like the bukobots have taken a back seat while the bukito is being worked on. I have sent messages to you since 9-Apr-2013 without reply from you. I have paid for the upgrade on 9-Apr-2013. When will you send out my kit? I've lost patience ~ ~ ~ Everyone received your 3D printer? Why am I not? Ah how much longer? Just dropping in to see where you are at with shipping. Last I saw there were only a handful of people left, and I am in that handful. Cheers I'm glad to say my kit arrived today. Looking over the parts I can see that there have been major changes since the last set of instructions on the wiki. While we are waiting on the new instructions If you could post a few high resolution photos of the new model from different angles I can start working out how to get most of it together. Still nothing? You have obviously been on kickstarter recently given that you commented on your other project less the 24 hours ago. Are you just leaving all the backers that you haven't shipped anything to to rot here while move on to your next project? Any updates other than the obvious "missed another shipping date."? Good luck with the new project Diego! Nice to see you grow the "Buk*" family :) Hope it won't slow down the fulfillment for us who is still waiting for our Bukobot. I haven't worked in that area, I've just heard and witnessed stories from enough people to know it's not an isolated event. One of the most detailed "why we're late" accounts in ks history is Steve Jackson Games' OGRE Designer Edition: they posted regular updates on where exactly they were at and which bits of prototype failed which test. As a company that's been around and making games for over 30 years, with a roughly $3 million annual revenue (and the root cause of the EFF's existence), they're not newbies by any stretch of the imagination. Yet, their kickstarter for the relaunch of an already completed remake of a 1977 game (which ran concurrent to Bukobot's) is nearly a year late, much like Bukobot. I don't think the bulk of their updates are backers only, if anyone wants to catch some insight. Remember that you're not looking at a tale of gross incompetence, but at stuff that happens to everyone, all the time. It's just that most companies usually STFU about it, or just ship with the defective components, or omit them since they hadn't promised anything anyway. People around me are *really* starting to ask when I'm finally getting my 3D printer, though. @Frederick: There's truth in your comment on scaling. IMO the only people who expect something to arrive on time, are those that have never worked in a production environment with any aspect of R&D at all. Hoping mine *hasn't* been shipped, or I'll need to chase shipping to find it :) Any update? Are the new parts in? Thanks for the update, looking forward to it. I trust the whole thing with delays has been a learning experience for you, but considering projects from companies who had already shipped thousands of products managed to be equally late simply due to unexpected volume, I don't blame it so much on you as on our general inability, as humans, to scale *anything* properly. As of today it's been one year since the project was funded and still no printers for many of us. Not even a ship date other than the vague "soon" with no details that we've been hearing since November 2012. Given that Diego seems incapable of keeping any of his vague shipping promises I think we are owed some concrete numbers. How many kits are left to be shipped? What parts are holding up shipping? This project is ridiculously late even for A Kickstarter project. Although the last update from Diego was on the 20th of April (approx 2 weeks), I agree with Michel and Brian on the updates. It would be nice to get some sort of shipping update for those who are still patiently waiting, especially since we're soon hitting the 1st year anniversary of the bukobot inception. So did anything get shipped last week? Any info for those of us who are not waiting for the new upgrades? Are you still waiting on parts? If so what parts? In less than a month It will have been a year since this project got funded. I've already had to order some stuff from shapeways that I was planing on printing myself. Diego, could you give an update on the shipping of the modified (nozzle mods, etc.) DuoBots? We did accept the delay however it would be good to maintain some kind of, at least monthly, communication with people still waiting their shipment. Thanks Hey Diego, when is the next batch going to be shipped? Received my survey a few weeks ago and curious when they will be processed. Anxiously awaiting my bukobot - thanks general comments; after printing several "perfect models" i shifted to new plastic rolls. and everything ramped down from there. the PLA selected and sent with the printer is very good quality. if u want consistent output pay more and ensure u use the same or similar quality material. Diego, Any chance of knowing when the next batch is going to be shipped out? the printer is assembled. it is outstanding. to all people who are still waiting, don't worry, its worth the waiting, and u will not be disappointed. to Diego: the amount of work, design, enhancement, and commitment is amazing, thank u very much. i have printed the first model right away. anyone else have a power supply issue? I got right amount juice going in but nothing coming to the controller card according to voltmeter. Hey Diego, how about another update. I stil haven't received my survey asking for my address info. Do you have any idea or speculation when my bukobot will be ready to ship? received mine yesterday, paid 50$ custom. no comments on the printer (normal printer) no damage at all (visually) (thank u for the packaging), on to assembly., i am thrilled. Dear Diego, after investigating the damages on the PS we think you should switch the vendor it has a really bad quality... many of the solder points are cold ... Cheers Dag Bukobot arrived & out of custom Dear Diego, today i got the letter from the custom so was able to fetch the kit. It all went good.. did you attached the invoice on the outside?? The custom has opend the kit an i found the invoice inside. How many copies did you have attached it should be more then one better 3 because now i did not have an Invoice any more because the custom will keep one copy.... The shipment arrived in a good state only the powersupply got a big hit ... the big coil and on elko where partly ripped from the board we hope we can fix it. In other case we can get a similar PS here no problem. The mainscable is not usable here so i think you don't have to ship one out.... we have the weekend to assemble all the stuff we will keep you updated cheers dag P.S. for all other bakers -> i have paid the VAT and additional about 2% customfee, the girl at the custom office treated it like a normal printer... Thanks for the update Diego. We really do appreciate all the hard work you are putting into this even though some of us (that includes me) have complained in the past, its only because this is a kick ass product, and I cannot wait to get my hands on it. Diego, thank you for all the efforts i received my shipping email. i hope that i would be receiving the unit soon. i have a comment on the your online shop. for international buyers, the online shop is very critical and important, i understand, from your recent update, the abnormal pressure on you, however, i hope that in the near future the online shop would be enhanced, (and include the goodies you mentioned in the last update). Dear Diegeo, the bukobot arrived at the entrance custom service... i hope to get it at end of foloowing week cheers Dag What's the "cool improvements"? I also hope that this next batch includes my Bukobot Duo Kit as well! We're looking forward to it!!! Diego, I hope the next batch you are mentioning includes my Buko Duo Kit also! Thanks for the Feb 4 update. Cool new improvements like what? I was lucky enough to get a Bukobot around Xmas but of course when I hear "cool new improvements" I'm interested. thanks for the info. Very good information (and belated condolences to hear about the little setbacks). Gives a good sense of the scale, which is loads easier to wait through. Thanks! Thanks Diego. It is much clear now :) Now I really wish I was a baker... I'm with abduljalil - everything's fine. i am sure that Diego would respond soon, however IMO we R in a very good situation: - printers delivered to some bakers - printer is superior to what was offered originally - supported by open community, and a SHOP - it is just a matter of time for all of us to start 3D printing i would give him the benefit of doubt regards Me too, it is not bash Diego, but i think the bakers should get a real update how fare the progress is. So please Diego give us a sign and tell what is planed and how fare you got with the shipping and what are the problems. cheers Dag I am a bit scared at the moment... November 12th Diego mentioned he had shipped 20 bukobots. December 8th Diego mentioned he had shipped 50 bokobots. Thats around 30 bukobots per month while there is only 130 bukobots to be built and shipped. If we keep the rate of 30 bukobots per months... January 8th 80 bukobots shipped (guessed). February 8th -> 110 bukobots shipped. (guessed). I wonder, if the shipping will be completed by end of february or if there is something wrong. Maybe the international shipping is more expensive than previously expected thus delaying it to find a better deal? If thats the case I dont mind exploring options to even pay a little more if needed. I was planning to use the bukobot for a project in December (from August) I though there was going to be enough marging but things are becoming a bit weird at the moment to the point to even have to start evaluating the posibility of getting another 3d printer. I guess, in my case having information about what is going on could really help to decide what to do in the next days/weeks... Better still, throw us a bukobot so we get cracking! Hey Diego, how about an update? Its going on 5 months after the due date for the rewards. We all want a quality product but at this point we just need update letting us know what's the progress is. Estimated delivery dates for the different reward levels, shipping progress, estimated completion, etc... are we talking next September or what? Throw us a bone and tell us what's going on I have just moved in to the house that I bought for my 3D printer. Now I just need my Bukobot :-) Dear Diego, hope your father recovers well. regarding the international customs, I will give you my experience with customs clearance in India. 1. Any new description outside the realm of the Customs Tariffs Book which contains the Description of items and the related Customs Duty Percentage, will give a major problem during clearance. It is best to go through the tariff book and see what is the closest description available. So if you are shipping the entire machine assembled maybe u might wanna check out HS Code 8471 (847190, 847192 to be more specific) <url>"So far we've shipped X of the 290, and should be shipping out X more this week" it'd take a lot of peoples frustration away. I guess if all the worries are related about the integrity of the parcel (ie. the kit is not damaged) thats a perfectly fine topic and I dont really have any experience I can help with it. However, if the only problems people are having is getting custom clearance I would say there is not much you can do but to say the truth. "Unasembled (Educational?" 3d printer kit". There should not be any problem at all as for example here in Spain we can fill electronically our custom dispatch order... If customs are the only issue would it be possible to ship mine and let me handle it? I have plenty of experience getting custom clearance so it should not be an issue for me... @Diego Thanks for the clarification. May I throw in my 2 cents worth by suggesting that you mark the box as "Unassembled Educational Printer Kit" ? (which is not far from the truth anyway!) I called Canadian customs to check if there was anything I could do to ease the process of receiving a box of mysterious electronics, packed alongside random-looking pieces of aluminium and plastic, marked as a mythical "3D Printer". They said that there shouldn't be any trouble so long as it's marked correctly. It comes to mind that writing "unassembled 3D printer", or being even more precise (Unassembled thermoplastic extrusion additive manufacturing 3D printer?) might at least make sure they can look it up. Ever thought of enclosing a standard letter addressed to the customs official opening the box, which explains what it is? Is that too weird? It's not just international. Personally, I can wait, but I need to know I'm waiting. A year late? For a startup that got overwhelmed by orders and needs to make things by hand, fine. I totally get that. Even big manufacturers mess up on estimates and supply lines with more money at stake all the time. Weeks between updates without any idea of the progression, though, other than "things are happening," does worry me a bit. Even an estimate of how many still need to be shipped from time to time would be great. From the MAKE website : "..So far we’ve gotten many orders from Pasadena Art Center, Caltech students, the local school district, folks working in Hollywood films, local engineers, and hobbyist..." <url>~3"x3", on a corner of the box, suffered during shipping, i got my v8 yesterday. all parts appear to have made it intact...but, i won't know for sure till i assemble it this weekend (santa's bringing me some new tools this week, too). thanks again for the last minute address change, diego! I agree with Dag. An update would be nice for us international backers who are patiently waiting. Dear Diego, i have a christmas wish, which only you can fullfil: Please make a Big update on the shipping progress and a forecast for all which did not get up to now the printer. Cheers Dag and have a merry christmas Hey Diego, could you send an update for those of us who are still waiting. I haven't received a address survey or anything yet. Anxiously awaiting, thanks Finished my Bukobot, prints out several items. Need to level my heated bed a little more and tweak my z axis microswitch. Fun to put together, should have read all the instructions once over again before I started, had to take the frame apart like 3 times because I rushed it. :) My Bukobot Vanilla Kit arrived!!! Sweet. Nicely packed. I think it could have been dropped off a truck and been OK. One question: Instructions??? I am a complete novice - meaning NO NADA NONE experience with 3D printers. I went to the wiki and there are no official instructions/documentation. I looked at the user posted one but that a Duo, it also appears from the comments parts have changed and there are references to parts of the build missing. So I have this box of awesome parts to a cool $1000 3D printer but.... When exactly are detailed instructions going to be supplied? Since my Bukobot has not shipped, as I have not received any email on shipment yet. Is it still possible to upgrade to a Duo? Thanks. he deserves all the credit. if sooner it would be better. Diego, i hope you recovered well Give Diego some credits. There's a lot to do for him. It's also a very busy month for all the packages to send because of the holidays. When i receive it next year then it will be so. Be honest, do you want to spent the whole christmas week to build your bukobot. What about your family, doing some nice things with them!! Yes, I would love to know when approximatelly the ship to international backers will be done. As it takes like a week in order to get custom clearance, if it is not shipped next week probably we wont get it... same as what Dag has asked :) Dear Diego, sorry for that that you went sick. But it is possible to get a more clear plan when do you think to ship the international backers i hopped to get the kit before the holidays so i can start over the holydays to assemble the printer. so may be you can tell the international backers the timeline for them. thanks a lot dag Hey Diego I filled out my survey on 10/19/12, but haven't heard anything since. Wanted to make sure I didn't get missed somewhere along the line. Thanks Trevor Dear Diego, if you send with US Postals i have the experience that it could last up to one week to get the shipment out of custom clearance. so it would be great if you can start with the international backers soon otherwise we get the printer kits next year.... It is also possible to tell us a mark how many kits are allready shipped what is the weekly rate you get out.. so we can see the progress Thanks a lot Dag the key word is Christmas. many shippers declined (politely) to deliver internationally for items i requested last week. i hope that you can pull the packages through. regards An indication would be nice. I agree with Dag. An indication of when shipping to international backers might begin would be nice. At least it will give us some tentative date to look forward to. Dear Diego, any idea when starting shipping to the international backers ? A shipping progress indicator would be great. It would be great to have the kit before christmas so i can do something on my free days cheers Dag :-) I recieved my Duo kit Tuesday evening; took Thursday and Friday off to build; I'm like a little (nerdy) kid at Christmas putting together an erector set! I suggest that everyone follow the suggestion to read the instructions now, especially to gather together tools. Diego included allen keys, but "fancy" allen drivers as mentioned in the instructions are recommended. I was deliberate and careful, and I completed the physical build in one day. Please be patient and stay excited because you will be thrilled when your kit arrives! Awesome job, Diego! Hey Diego, I'm getting the Bukito - when can I expect to get the mailing survey? About how far are you into the shipping process? Thanks My Duo kit arrived tonight ^.^ That should say 'I got an e-mail asking for ADDRESS confirmation' (about a week ago)... I got a mail asking for e-mail confirmation. Then I got a shipping confirmation number last night (actual ship date was the 22nd), and then my bukobot arrived today. So Diego is definitely shipping stuff out, but maybe not keeping up with all the email. Given how many pieces are in the box, and how careful he needs to be to make sure everything is included, I can understand why it is slow going getting them all shipped. And I definitely recommend reading jit's build instructions (on bukobot.com) even before you have your kit. The build has a lot of steps, and it's useful to have pre-read everything so you know how the various parts will fit together as you go. PhracturedBlue, did u receive an email confirming shipment before, or the package popped in with out pre-emails? regards Mine just arrived. WooHoo! Looking forward to putting it together! Diego, Sent you a reply email to your request via my gmail address. Did you get it? Have sent several emails to you but not sure you are getting them. Everything OK? Diego, can you lower the value of the 3d printer on the package. I'm very concerned about tax paying (20%) to the Netherlands Diego, what are you going to write on the package for amount. Electronic components or what. I hope not to pay 20% tax. Diego, how hard is it for a novice to upgrade to the X3 if mine comes with an X1. is it worth it, what extra capability comes with the X3 vs the X1? Which Azteeg_X version will we get with the vanilla Bukobots? Diego, you mentioned" a big batch is going out this week"... How many are in that batch, and did they make it out? How long until the next batch is sent? Thanks and good work on the build platform! I got my issue of "Make: Ultimate Guide to 3D Printing" in the mail today. There's a nice write-up of the Bukobot 8 (single extruder) in there which scored quite well across the board. A snippet from the conclusion: "It's an attractive, design-forward printer with a lot of well-thought-out features that should attract a broader audience to the RepRap movement." Really looking forward to trying it out. shipping update on the big shipment that went out this week? No content yet, just the framework. At the bottom is a user contribution that has information. @Tyson. thanks for digging this up. Not sure if its my browser/plug-in or not but there's no content in the instructions. Just comes up blank. Did you guys show content when you clicked? My guess is the build instructions will be found at: <url>à 3D printer but looks very "next generation". <url>" PLA is actually harder than ABS, which makes it ideal for mechanical applications than need a little more strength." Hi Diego, In regards to the fillament selection, I am new to 3D printing, so I wanted to know which fillament do you recommend the most between PLA and ABS? If you have a good wiki site or any other info, I will really appreciate it. Obviously there are still some parts that are holding things up. If these parts happen to be extruder parts, then consider this: I ordered a Duo kit, and should get two extruders. But I don't need two extruders right away. It will probably take me a while just to figure out how to properly use ONE extruder. I would be quite happy to take delivery of one extruder sooner, and one later. Extruder parts are small and easy to ship, so you could ship the parts for my second extruder AFTER you have finished shipping the bulk of the kits to all the backers. I suspect a lot of the other backers would agree with me on this, if it results in all the kits being shipped sooner. Hey, a week ago you said you'd post stuff to the deezmaker site in a few days.. Can you post the link? How's the supply chain going? Vendors finally come thru for you? @Diego, being an international backer here and as you were talking about best shipping methods I would strongly encourage to use USPS (United States Postal Service. I would prefer to avoid any company like Fedex or UPS as they will make you pay a lot more once you get the parcel... @Diego, have you had a chance to compile the list of additional parts all of the Plastics Only backers will need in order to construct a Bukobot? I'd like to start ordering anything I'll need if possible to get my Bukobot up and running as quick as possible. Also, will the Plastics Only kits be sent out before or after the full kits are made? Thanks. Would it be possible to ship it to India earlier as it takes around a week to get the material out of customs here. In India we usually consider a week (it can get released sooner but a safer estimate would be 5 working days if all the paperwork is correct and it doesnt go for scrutiny. ) Plus, it would be great if you can tell me under what HS code (Harmonized system Code) you are able to export the 3D printer. Since my 3D printer would be in knockdown condition, would you be invoicing it as a 3D printer or as a parts list (like Aluminium profile 40x80 - 600mm - 4 nos. , HSC Screws 50 nos, etc as they would all have separate HS Codes) . Thanks for the update Diego. I am Chirag from Mumbai, India. Please let me know by when you will be shipping out the kits to international backers. I have backed for a Buko 8DUO. Would that be shipped later than the other kits? Did you see cool stuff at Maker Faire? Any new ideas for the next iteration or current iteration of the Bukobot? And....did your suppliers come thru for you (us)? Diego, Any chance of an update on whether the controller boards, heat beds, linear rods etc have arrived ? When will drawings and material lists be available for those of us who ordered plastics only kits? I have ordered and received several components, but I need the BoM to get everything ready. I would like to start building my unit as soon as the plastic kit arrives. How's it going? Those pesky part suppliers finally deliver for you? Hi Mike, If you plug your printer and computer into the same mains supply phase then you shouldn't get ground loop currents occurring - so for most users I would have thought that an opto-isolator is unnecessary. You might want a USB opto-isolator between your laptop/desktop and printer. I agree with Mark Pavia if you can provide some insight on what we need in terms of hardware (laptop? specs?) and software, as well as the assembly instructions, tools list, etc plus maybe what other stuff we need to get started.. we can do the leg work now while we wait thank u for the update, i am within my range of expectation so far. well done on the current milestones PDF and software, pls thanks for the update. bummer on the slow parts part. To tide us over, can you post the kit assembly instructions in pdf so we can drool over it for while? Also would love a bit more detail on software suggestions. Diego...this question came up once before and I backed this project because of the potential. Will the Bukobot work with File2Part? Its a software project here on Kickstarter to make 3D printing easier Hey, Diego - couple questions: 1 - On April 30th, you mentioned that each kit would include about a pound of filament... What color(s) will you be making available? And, 2 - On May 23rd, you mentioned that local pickups would probably get a bonus... Would some more filament be part of that potential bonus ;) Hi Diego, ten days had past since the last update and at that time it seemed that most parts would arrive within a week. Is there any update related to it? Any expected time frame to start shipping the printers? Hi Diego, I was just wondering whether you are planning to host a Bukobot wiki and forum area on your Deezmaker site? I visit Pasadena twice a year.. I hope that next time I am in town your shop is up and running If you visit NYC, you think you will have the kits done by then? If you need help around the shop please let me know if i can help build shelves or move boxes for the retail space. I have free time before school starts back up again. I look forward to meeting you and working on my BukoBOT! =D great update! Hi Diego, I am pretty sure there are many countries (probably most countries even) where this would not pass electrical safety laws. I think you should seek out advice on this or include a childproof cover over the mains terminals as standard. I noticed in the picture that the power supply seems to use lug connections for the mains cable rather than (say) a safe IEC socket. Is there any possibility that small fingers might be able to make contact with exposed mains terminals on the supply? (for those of us with children). [If so, I'm hoping a power supply cover is being planned for the final unit] Great, great update Diego. So it seems the shipping window is Mid- Sept thru early Oct? Also one thing I've been meaning to ask about for a while now: this 3D Printer looks more finished and designed better than all the other in its class. Those all look "homemade" vs the Bukobot. With the exception of 1 tiny thing. The use of small Binder clips on the plate. Its the one thing that jumps out as "homemade" vs the whole rest of the machine. Any plans to use a different holding mechanism? I live in Orange County California so driving up to Pasadena, California to pick up my Bukobot Vanilla 8 with X3 would be fun! I meant Engagement Ring lol I'm not that Cheap haha For the wedding ring I'm going to make a reverse mold in 3D to make a metal mold for it. Muahahaha Anyone see File2Part Software on KickStarter? I think it will work with BokuBot. I Can't wait to 3D print my Girlfriend a wedding ring but as they say "The best things in life are worth waiting for". I also agree with the sentiment that there could be more updates, even if brief and not polished in their presentation. Many back these projects because they want to be part of something, not just wait for a product. They like the follow the ups and downs of the progress. HOWEVER, I also know that we will all benefit from the PR that Diego is doing. It is not only important for him, it is important for us. The more people that choose this platform, the more collective knowledge and support there will be. My biggest fear was to buy into a dead end platform, and the way things are going I don't worry about that anymore. We are annoyed in case you can't tell. Comes off like you have forgotten about us. Echo Echo.. Your project was one of the first I backed and at the high end of the price range.. a nice update with pictures and tutorials on what we need in terms of tools, software, etc.. so we can do that leg work now.. like how much of a work surface we need to dedicated, what kind of raw materials we can get.. will you be sourcing and running some sort of groupbuy to lower cost, etc Second all of what Mark has said. A real update would be nice instead of having you tell us all of the fun ideas you've been toying with for the bukobot, you know, that thing we'd like to get our hands on so we can have some fun too? Update? Time range - days, weeks, months? Pics? Production schedule? (one project I'm backing sent an excel sheet outlining the steps - really helpful.) Crazy stories related to parts/manufacturing/production/dog eating all the wiring? Prefer to hear less about press you are getting and more specific detail about progress on actually making the product. Glad you are getting press. Echo the pics request. I back a number of projects and pics and behind the scenes vids put a nice band-iad on the wait. Here's another idea: allow backers to download the kit assembly instruction PDF now. We'll drool over it for the next few weeks buying you time. Provide a more in-depth PDF for the beginners how software to learn now. When I search for 3D printer software I get lots of options but which ones will work best with the Buko? I've learned that not only do I need design software but also something to convert the design files into files the Buko can use to print. I'm new to this but excited. A little more step by step instruction if the form a of a simple one sheeter. Give us something. Thanks for masking a great product. I too would like to see some pictures of how things are progressing with the Bukobots I ordered a Buko 8 Duo Kit and have been looking forward to receiving your printer. Congratulations on making it into MAKE Magazine. Brian. Hi Diego, I would really love to see some behind the scenes photos of your workshop with the parts for nearly 150 Bukobot kits or pictures of buckets of drive motors or your family of printers making parts for the kits. If not an update then you could put some photos up on Google+ Robert. Yeah that's the problem isn't it. It only takes one missing 50cent component out of the entire bot to delay the whole thing. Well that's a good update in itself :-) I saw on buildlog.net that Roy of Panucatt Device announced a slight delay on the new Azteeg X3 controller boards due to a manufacturing delay (but only for the end of August instead of 2nd half of August). Not much you can do about stuff like that. I'd be happy for an update on what you had for lunch Diego. :-) @Jordi : My apologies, I did not realize you selected the Assembled version. Please disregard the first half of my comment @Jordi: If you look on the right hand side where the pledges are, you will see the pledges that have international shipping combined Pledge $1,455 or more ... BUKO 8 VANILLA KIT (International) .... International shipping included. The question is ...what pledge did you select? With regards to shipping, Diego said in Project Update #15 : "..We are working hard to get everything on time, and to be honest with everyone, there might be a small chance that shipping of the Bukobot kits may crawl into September, but I'm trying my best to avoid that..." When I orderred it was mentioned that shipping was end of August. So far I don't recall seeing any comments on when is this going to happen. Can you please share a plan on how are things moving with regards to shipping?. I ordered BUKO 8 DUO KIT Assembled. Can you please let me know how to fund the international shipping and it's cost?. I missed it in case it was already published. Thanks. any update on shipping time range? Curiosity. Ok I'm curious. the upgrade kit idea would be great.. i also have only went with the vanilla kit and would think about going DUO.. Diego.. there was some special requests on my order, do i have to send you a reminder about those? very nice update, i wouldn't mind waiting little bit more for such an upgrade thank u Have you finalised the set of tools we a) need to build, calibrate and operate the printer and b) tools which are not necessary but can be useful. [e.g., painter's palette knife, plastic tweezers, feeler gauge?, model clean up tools?]. That way people can get them together while waiting for the Bot to arrive. Hi Diego, just wondering if you've already sent out the delivery details survey (and it was lost in my Spam folder or something) or whether that's still to come? Thanks for the quick replay. I will look forward for this upgrade kits. Hey Diego, I am a backer of the Vanilla Kit but I was just wondering if I should have just went for the DUO KIT. Is it still possible to upgrade the pledge to the International duo kit? Hey Diego, I love the new updates to the design, I am a little curious however. Let's say down the track, my friend would like a bukobot and I offer to print him all the parts he'll need, but I don't have access to a water jet cutter. Will the older designs without the metal plates be available still? Now that is an *update* :) Hey Diego, looking forward to your next update. I was wondering if you could include some info about the X3 you mentioned for the +$50 which I did ... but not sure if you wanted extra confirmation. We are already producing designs at my place so looking forward to the delivery of the bukito 5 :) Great, just send me a message on kickstarter i'd love to work with the master =) Hi. is this project still on schedule to ship in August? Beginning, Mid or End of August? While I think its great that the Bukobot is getting press and exposure, I'm more interested in how the project is progressing. Some projects give really useful updates however small to backers on a regular basis. Makes you feel like you did not send your money to a black hole. Others not so much. Hi Diego, How is it coming along? Do you thing it is still on schedule? I am also just starting to get involve with 3D printing any suggestions on where to get going so that when I get the Bukobot, I can get started right away? thank u for the update dear Diego any photos on parts received? Hey Diego, hoping to see how you build these things and wondering if you need help with assembly or maybe an intern for the summer. I really want to be involved as much as I can. In the pasadena area so i'd love to be there to see how to put it all together. Hello Diego, i rather have à well prepared printer then to get à printer which is not fully engineerd and tested. So, take your time and don't let you speed up to get your deadline. I rather will wait à month later for à perfect printer. I think everyone would agree to this. me (and my son), have already done many sketch up models to be printed. i hope it will reach before end of summer vacation. Ok, good to hear that you are still aiming for a (late) August shipping date :) Looking forward to receiving my Bukobot! Are we still on for a August or September delivery date (depending on kit) or will the 400% overfunding shift that somewhat? Any ways - a good problem to have :) Hi Diego, are you intending to ship out all the Kickstarter orders before the units that you sell on your upcoming online store? I ask this because I was browsing over at the Printrbot forums and there seems to be _a lot_ of angry people on that project that online store orders are being shipped out before the Kickstarter orders. this looks good companion for bukbot <url>à long hot summer haha!! Wow! Congratulations Diego! - What an amazing result for Bukobot. People clearly love the idea of their own 3D printing. :)) Hey i live in Pasadena,ca also! like your profile says Whats up! i'm excited about the printer you think i could come by and see the printers maybe pick mine up locally? Lemme know =D @Frans: That might help with tax, but it could backfire if Diego was subsidizing your shipping in the first place. Either way, check with the laws of your country - google it on the government's web page) - as a $1k item may get fully taxed no matter what you do. Personally, I figured I just wanted to maximize the chance that the thing gets here safe and sound. I can save shipping/duty on everything else that I import... Just get up here in the netherlands. First thing for me todo, check kickstarter about the Buko. Diego, we are very happy with you. We all will get an great printer. Diego, congratulation. my deep sentiments. you worked hard and u deserve it. Dzym: The power supply will be both 110V & 220V compatible. Frans: Repetier-Host, Slic3r etc works on Mac so you are good to go :) I did count the international shipping orders and there are about 40 backers for this. I don't wanna pay more tax and import duties then neccesary. What is the cheapist way for this. U also have family living in the States. Could it be cheaper to send it first to my family, and then send it to me as à gift? Or is this illegal. My last question, i have only Mac computers. Is all the used software also in mac osx. A lot of questions to answer Diego. Will there be some benefits, extra features on the printer because your goal is triple now. Hi Diego, do you know if the power supply will be 220 v compatible? i'm so pumped for my buko bot!!!! DUO! @fusionfrog Woah! That's ace! Maybe another application for 3D printing could be creating elaborate sugarcraft sculptures for the baking industry with the right supplies? :D Congratulations Diego! Have you ever tried printing a circuit? <url>"not assembled" would only help me to clarify to inspectors why it looks strange (because they doubt shipments with wires, bars and controllers), other people may argue but this is my personal experience. free gifted items may be discounted. if i can prove that no amount was paid (after all, i am a backer not a buyer), there is a chance for discount or waiver. however, i have no idea about Netherlands process Way to go Diego! You're nearing in on triple your base goal. I saw somewhere that someone asked about colors for the plastic parts kits. If this is something you're thinking about, I'd be willing to back another 10-15 or so to get to pick a color for my plastic parts. Hi Diego, can you tell what exactly to build with a kit. Do you have to assemble the electronics, put the hotend together and so on..... @abduljalil Is it cheaper for tax to say 3d printer parts not assembled. I want the cheapest way to send the package to the Netherlands without paying a lot of taxes. Frans, these were suggestions on shipping outside US: -tax percentage on items depends on their prices (exemption applies to some categories) -parts can be difficult to enter without clear indication on related devices. 50$ was added for x3 controller instead of x1 also: do u have a hexacopter? :-) @abduljalil I don't have à clue about what are you saying about shipping?? congratulation on the good news. 50$ added. i would recommend ;for international shipping the following to be written: reward with a value of (xxx). as rewards has diff. % (country related) and also to mentioned clearly: 3d printer parts (not assembled) Yep it was Chirag that pushed it over the 100k. All the best ! :) Woohoo! 100k and climbing. That was the autocorrect, btw. (curses) Frans: Ship it to a friend in the US and go pick it up next time you go. A vanilla might not even be exempt, with it's high price tag. Other than that, short of fraud, there is very little you can do, in general. Do try a quick web search to find out if your country has interesting exceptions, however. Mayura: All Buko machines are basically the same design with parts added - and sometimes shorter or longer rods - leading to straightforward upgrades. The Bukito's design is different enough that while you may be able to cannibalize parts into a later printer, you probably wouldn't get much more of a jump start than if you were building, say, a Prusa Mendel. That said, I have no more information about the Bukito than you have - this is mostly conjecture and reading between the lines. Chris: 25mm *is* one inch, basically, in metric. It's not close enough for NASA work, but it's within 1.6%. It's a testament to the precision of 3D printers that it even makes a difference. Anyone experience with ordering from the USA about taxes and import duties. I'm à little bit concerned about the extra costs on my bukobot vanilla. Diego, do you have tips about this to import the printer as cheap as possible. Wow! what fantastic progress - Double the goal target! Bukobots go GO! :D Nice printer, good use of the aluminum extrusion. I thought i would ask here, in case Diego doesn't get back to me via email. Does anyone know the difference between the Buktio and the bukobot mini green, outside the build space. Are there any physical differences which cause one to be upgradable, and the other not. Good luck at the Maker Faire today Diego! Hi Diego, a similar question is whether we can pledge an extra amount to get a dual extruder capable power supply for the single extruder models? Hi Diego, is it possible to have an Azteeg X3 directly on my bukobot Vanilla for some extra costs. This to prevent à useless X1 board after i upgrade to à dual extruder. Hey, I am super excited about this project! The expandable frame looks really exciting. What size are the aluminum extrusions you are using, 1"? Also, how are you crimping the synchromesh cable? Is there a lug that passes over the drive pulley or does the cable clamp to itself? Can't wait to get a hold of one of these guys! @Robert Fairlie-Cuninghame In Holland we say, you slam the nail on the head. That's what i mean to tell. You can then prevent some extra costs. Diego, is this possible?? The difference is that the Azteeg X1 is an all-in-one Sanguinololu-based controller board with 4 stepper drivers (X,Y,Z + 1 extruder) whilst the Azteeg X3 is an all-in-one Arduino RAMPS based controller board with 5 stepper drivers (X,Y,Z + 2 extruders). I suggested that quite a few people (interested in later upgrading their Buko to dual extruders) would probably be interested in pledging some extra dollars to get an X3 board on their single extruder Bukos just so that they don't need to replace it or trade-it-in later. love the project! I don't have the kind of free coin to be able to buy one, but kicked in a little money anyway because: it's first 3d printer I've seen to think about using environmentally friendlier materials, very affordable start level (even if not for me), and the design pattern of letting the machine be upgradeable and grow over time. Hi Diego, Do you know if there are any plastics we can use to print transparent objects that are not that opaque? I saw your video about the Bukobot Fly and it seemed that PLA could be quite transparent when printed thinly. Is there maybe such a thing as Acrylic Filament that might be more transparent? Any help or links to sources of info would be great. Thanks. Hello Diego, you said the Duo has a bigger controller board. What do you mean. So if i want later upgrade to a dual extruder i need also a new controller board? Then why not directly put a bigger controller board in the upgradeable BUKO 8 series. Also what is the difference between the X1 and X3 controller board. Why not go for the X3 on all printers? Just a question, probably you have your reasons. Diego, apologies, i missed it out of excitement. :-), i did not see any proximate time frame for delivery, after the project funding. any information on possible dates for shipping? Hi Diego, is it possible to add a sort of parts list from all the models you are offering. I'm especially interested in the differences between the single and dual extruder models. Everything in a table would be nice. Hi Diego, nice printed part photos. That really helps confirm your claims about Buko quality and design. The Repetier-Host software is great for one extruder (being very straight-forward to use and configure and using the better Slic3r program), however it seems that the ReplicatorG host software currently has better dual extruder support (until Repetier-Host does another release anyway). I am guessing this is because Makerbot have put in some dedicated effort in the ReplicatorG software for their new flagship dual extruder Makerbot Replicator model. Th ReplciatorG software has been used by others with the Marlin firmware and so all we should need to do is to write a ReplicatorG machine configuration file for the Bukobot range (and that doesn't look very difficult). What was your plan for hosting Bukobot forums & wiki so that we can share created content and designs with other Bukors? Google groups? Yahoo groups? Or are you going to host something yourself? I think from what Diego was saying a day ago, if you want to start small but are looking to later upgrade/expand then you are better going with a small Buko model (e.g., Buko Mini Green) rather than a Bukito model. Diego seemed to indicate that this Bukito is not intended to be expandable to a full Buko. Hey y'all! I'm an utter and complete newbie when it comes to 3D printing, but I want to give it a try so I'm looking for an affordable printer to cut my teeth on. I like the look of the Bukito 5, but if I want to upgrade/expand, will I need to find a whole new set of parts? Also, I'm behind the "include some filament" idea, it'll save me some more shipping costs (alas, from Toronto). Cheers! Thanks Frederik, appreciate the info. Diego is there any chance we can see some hi-res shots of the smaller prints? Is "BUKO 8 PLASTICS ONLY " means that there will be no metal parts? Frans: That's the great part that's taking some time to sink in - if there isn't, you can just design and print one! My girlfriend got some M&D dollhouse furniture last night and was saying over dinner that it lacked a chair for the makeup table, asking me to make her one: "Maybe cardboard, or... we could try wood?" Then I waved my hand in front of her eyes and she lit up "Yeah.... oooh yeeaah!" Hai Diego, Thanks for your answers. You are correct for there open design of the 3D printer. But i hope that you have a nice solution to all of the wires and cables on the 3D printer to fasten them. Like an Cable Binder or Cable Eater. It looks so messy when all of the cables are loose. First things first: Congratulations!! I'm really excited that this is actually happening, and have started telling people around me that I am, in fact, getting a 3D printer (rather than shopping for one). Frans: All models can be upgraded to all other models, in the sense that you can print the parts as needed. My first "copy" is likely to be a Mendel. Specifically, though, all Bukobots are basically the same machine: you might need some longer rods, and you'll obviously need to provide any additional extruder, but the upgrade path is straightforward. Now, if the question is "Will the Buko 8 Mini fit dual extruders at its current size?", Diego will need to take it - I have no idea, though I suspect the negative. I don't understand your second question. I'm pretty sure only Diego could answer it anyway, but you might get a faster answer if he understands it on the first try. Then again, maybe it's really quite clear and I'm just bad at reading. Discalimer: I have no insight or connection into Bukobot. I'm just someone who started asking questions very early in the project, and I'm now trying to help others who share my enthusiasm. $42K reached! - Well done! I hope people continue to pledge and support! :)) Good job all! Hello Diego, 1. When i buy the BUKO 8 GREEN KIT, i have already a heated printbed and 5/12V/25A power supply from my prusa, do i have then the same as an BUKO 8 Vanilla kit. Can i upgrade the BUKO 8 Green Kit to dual extruder? 2. I like your 3D printer for technical reasons. For design i like more the sumpod aluminum. I don't like the "open design" for most of the 3D printers. Do you have something in mine for your printers. 3. Which models cab be upgraded to dual extruder. That's not clear to me. I ordered the BUKO MINI GREEN KIT. Is this upgradeable? Which models cab be upgraded to dual extruder. That's not clear to me. I ordered the BUKO MINI GREEN KIT. Is this upgradeable? @Robert The reprap site is also referring to abs plastic, not pla which I imagine will differ greatly. Some one suggested a slightly weaker solvent such as IPS Weld-on 4 here: <url>#msg-127639 Robert: It's been to hesitant so far to say it was headed that way, but the stability of being funded might help some people decide to take the plunge, and Diego's new (and upcoming) info is making everything more encouraging. Matt: sounds good, but try asking Diego for some print tests - find an STL model that makes sense with for you want and bribe him to print it at the proper scale. It seems enough people are into miniatures that it would be worth posting pictures of what *is* feasible. Furniture and lamp posts certainly seem easier than human characters, at any rate. Sans: From what I understand, wiping the finished model with acetone (which basically melts the plastic) will create a smooth finish. Take all my answers with a solid helping of salt : I've never touched a 3D print in my life. Probably more. I'm going out on a limb here but reckon it'll pass a 100k by the end. YES !!! Funded !! Congratulation to us :D Backed small so I could join the conversation : ) @Frederick & @Matt I think I am in the same boat as you guys - I am looking to get into 3-d printing mainly for wargaming purposes. Mostly for terrain features\trim at 28mm scale (things like doors, lamp posts, window frames, brick walls, building frameworks, stairs etc). I'm just curious about what the surface texture of a finished print is? From the pictures I've seen around the net it looks very rough/layered which would required a lot of sanding/cutting to get smooth - is this the case with Bukobot? Would love to see some of those hi-rez shots of the smaller prints as well - looking to get to the BUKO 8 DUO KIT if it will be suitable : ) @Frederick Thanks for your reply. I'll be interested in seeing what kind of detail Buko is capable of at smaller and larger sizes. <> Citadel's stuff is amazing and I doubt that I would even try to replicate that detail on so small a figure. That said, I certainly would like to be able to see fairly good detail on larger, maquette sized models (thinking 4"-8" size at the low end). For the small stuff, even heroclix style detail would pretty much fit the muster. <> So want to click that backer button again, but being patient Woohoo! Funded. @Matt: It seems you came in with the same interrogations I had two weeks ago, so I know some of the answers from private messages with Diego. It is not the printer that will make you instant 28mm figures with the level of detail found in Citadel miniatures. I had Diego print a centaur in 20mm (BattleLore scale) and it's not something you would want to field as-is at a weekly game. However, it will give you a base to work with where you were previously stuck with basically nothing. A little dremel and acetone will turn up something pretty neat - though look at the tiny furniture made by Makerbot's newer model, which is slightly inferior to Bukobot on paper. You'll be able to do some terrain features, like columns and archways and altars, though, and golems and 12cm dragons should come out alright. Decorative figurines, or 1:144 mecha should look good as well. And you can create stupid-sided dice for really unique weapons... Ask Diego if you want to see the pictures - I wouldn't share those without his blessing, as they are obviously outside the specs of the machine. But they convinced me to buy in for a Dual, if it's any indication. Backed low so I could ask a few questions. I'm a 3d modeler and the idea of 3d printing is intriguing. Bukobot may be the project that gets me into the world of Makers. <> Easy to assemble: What does that really mean? If one can put together Ikea furniture and children’s toys, does that cross the bar or does one need particular mechanical and electrical savvy? Has soldering been confirmed as unnecessary? <> What is the max level of detail Buko can achieve. From the examples shown, I'm unsure. I'd consider this a tool to create gaming miniatures or small figurines. I've seen other systems demonstrate the fidelity achievable with items like the yoda head, small madcat mech or even the church linked below. Can Buko achieve similar results. <> Thanks for your answers. Depending on what I find out will get me onboard at either the Bukito 5 or Bukito 8. Thanks! @Frederik, as described, no laser cut wood, it's all aluminum and printed parts. We got to see some of his innovations such as use of the synchromesh cable and the slippery plastic he uses for the z bearings that fits into the slots of the z-axis posts. Both appeared to work really well. The threaded-rods for the Z axis were higher quality than what's on my printrbot, and it looked like the same motors. Generally it looked good. The print quality is definitely comparable to if not better than the Cupcake we have at CrashSpace (I didn't do a direct compare). The build volume is MUCH bigger, obviously. There was a long Q&A but most of the info is already on the project home page. One cool thing I'd not seen before is that he was able to adjust the print speed in real time, while printing. This is apparently a function of Repetier-Host. He also had the dual-extruder there but it wasn't hooked-up. I know its not concluded yet but ;Congrats. Another suceesfull funding. And...? Impressions, links, comparisons, stuff?? Fyi, Diego brought a Bukobot to the local LA hacker space (CrashSpace) tonight so we could see it working. I don't have video, but a picture is here <url>"no black or red" keeps the top model exclusive, in that case. @abduljalil The 3d printer host software (Diego is recommending Repetier-Host by default) accepts STL files as input. Any 3d design/CAD package worth its hard drive space can export a 3d design in the STL format and so no further conversion is required. The host software automatically invokes a slicer program to turn the STL 3d models in low level G-CODES instructions which are understood by the 3d printer firmware - but you don't need to understand this until you want to start manually tweaking things. i am a starter in 3d printing, any advise on best software. i intend to use my cad experience to start from dwg, dxf, 3ds etc..., what should be the next level for conversion. (vanilla single extruder, international) Ahh the chaos of Thingiverse. Unfortunately there seems to be no clearly agreed Thingiverse tag for dual extrusion: <url>"DualStrusion" tag (Makerbot's trademarked name for dual extruders) which is exciting - they look great. Its amazing how good even a single extra color looks by providing the extra contrast/highlighting. I think the dual extrusion will really take off once the majority of 3d design tools support the AMF file format (so that you don't need to generate a separate STL file for each material and then have to recombine them again when generating the G-codes) and secondly when the Slic3r/Skeinforge tools are able to automatically generate support material structures using the second extruder (e.g., with PVA). I am guessing that the latter will occur before the former. Love it, backed it. Spread the word. The fuzzy math is explained in the parenthesis. But yes, I was joking. I've pledged for the Bukobot Duo. I'm interested in the dual extrusion capabilities. Considering MakerBot Replicator is the only other 3D printer out there right now that does dual extrusion at a comparable price range and the BukoBot Duo has a slightly bigger build volume, I think this is a win-win for those wanting to try out multiple materials/colors. The aluminum frame is definitely a good selling point for rigidity, speed and the aesthetics of the machine. After reading about the firmware (with look ahead) paired with it, should increase the quality and speed of prints. Since Diego already has a working prototype shown in the video, I feel very confident that I will be happy with the machine. I would like a slightly bigger build volume so any R&D in this area I think would be beneficial. I don't think this machine will be scale to extreme sizes like the Maxifab is claiming but I think being able to increase the build volume and come up with a quad-extruder(squared, not linear) add-on or model would really set the BukoBot apart from the rest of the pack. I'm a programmer, and with a little toying around I think this would be a very practical possibility. Frederik, I think your math is a little fuzzy ;) It's not a quarter of a million. Wow, that's a quarter million dollars already!! (assuming final sales end up being ten times the pre-order amount... That doesn't quite work with open hardware, does it?) Seriously, though, I was quite doubtful at first, but now I think we'll make it. This project looks awesome! The build quality look great, especially your hang glider! Looking forward to ordering one of these! We're getting a Production style 3D printer at work, and now all I want is one on my desk at home. looks like this could be the one. If a Han Solo in Carbonite figure doesn't convince the people yet to support, I don't know what will! :)) <url>"interested" but not signed up for a kit yet. I guess Diego is knows his stuff when he talks about 3D printing: if you want the job done right, print slowly. Which is what this kickstarter is doing: inching steadily ever towards the goal. In the interest of conversation, I'm getting a dual head, international. Not quite sure what I'm going to do with it, but we're getting plenty of ideas! A friend of mine (and keychain pledger) is taking the first "copy", which might be a different design, such as a Prusa Mendel, allowing us to compare and try improvements developed for either architecture. I know there will be doll accessories, and custom boxes for sorting miniatures. I will make a custom water bottle to show off (and use) at work, and Christmas will see a number of personalized keychains spelling people's names. Lots of little clips and fittings for various stuff about the house, as well. I want to try custom miniatures, but 28mm is quite challenging for a home-built extruder... Here's a challenge for your "Printed on a Bukobot page": a medieval cathedral <url>"dual-extruder ready" model with the slightly longer aluminium beam and rods (but without the other parts)? I imagine the incremental metal cost would be minimal but would save having to completely replace these parts later. - Is the main difference between the Green model and Vanilla the fact that it doesn't have a heated bed? Will they use a different power supply or extruder? - Is July 2012 a realistic date to finish all design work, wait til Kickstarter actually releases the money (several weeks), place orders, wait for parts, assemble kits and ship out? - Are there any surface shipping options internationally? Looks great! I have a few questions: - what extruders are you using in the Vanilla & Duo? Will they be compatible with water soluable PVA? - how much needs to change if you wanted to upgrade from a single extruder to a dual extruder later? Would you offer the parts required for an upgrade purchase later? - if you later refine the design (for instance, to improve accuracy or reliability in a second generation model) will you make the new part designs available to Kickstarters? Would you offer the refined parts as an upgrade later? - how big is the power supply? - what are the accuracy/layer thickness/drop size specs? - how difficult is it to align/calibrate the machine? Cheers, Robert. H Diego I agree with everything you say. I know that any 3d printer is a copy of another, but they use to bring something new to opensource that make them unique and original(because they were the first to bring it to affordable or open space). The first that does something is perceived as the original(of course it could already exist in the pro market at x100 the price, in that case bringing it to affordable is the innovation). E.g Makerbot brought a much more pleasant aesthetics design than Prusa and the creation of a collaborative space(thingiverse) and proving the viability of selling opensource 3d printers for profit. And the use of kapton(a true innovations as before that even commercial 3d printers used other methods). And being able to use any operating system(they created a lot of software that we all use today). Ultimaker created the innovation(for opensource) of making it super fast and super precise by putting a very lightweight head and moving it in just a plane(evolution that made into makebot replicator design) Printrbot innovation was making it super small so you can put it anywhere, by not putting boundaries like makerbot. In places like Europe and Asia people have not a lot of space in their houses, so this was important. Your printer brings "rigidity"(but you need to express "rigidity" in a video so people can perceive what makes you different, not just saying is rigid, but showing why rigid makes a difference, comparing with no rigid), and affordable dual extrusion(I didn't new that and I saw the video so maybe you can make another video in witch you remark with examples how people should not let go this opportunity). People only remember 5% of the actual content of something unless you make them memorable. You can learn a lot from the best videos in kickstarter or makerbot(Bre Pettis worked as a pro video maker before making makerbot). What I mean if you bring something new(that people perceive easily as new) a lot of people will know about your project. Some ideas could be easily attach and detach the sections in seconds so people can store the machine when no in use. This is what marketing is, satisfying a need nobody had done before(for the group of people you focus on). Hi, Good luck with your project!. Congrats on your courage starting a new project. I won't buy a Bukobot because I already bought a printrbot. I want to provide you with some feedback: This looks to me like a rigid printrbot with prusa aesthetics combination(witch I personally detest). Makerbot has its own style(copied by ultimaker), so does prusa and printrbot. Consider that in people's mind this product is not differentiated, it is a copy, and people always prefer the original. Consider also that people is going to put this thing in their desk, it has to be as beautiful as possible(we geeks tend to favor functionality, but everything has a limit, I know I know about rigidity...). Some things that the video does not talk about: Is this compatible with international metrics?, printrbot uses imperial units because it is cheaper but for people not in the USA this is unfortunate as everything we use is in metric(including tools). What is your bigger vision? I believe you can really create something nobody else had done, like a wax extruder for casting metals or easy exchangeable headers or something else that makes you unique, not only "I will do the same thing for less". Keep going. Bye liked, tweeted and backed, excited to get my reward If there is Open source software available for doing the printing, perhaps somebody will port it for Raspberry Pi as a very inexpensive solution for controlling the printers? Also, tools required. I'm completely new to this, aside from vaguely following the whole RepRap project for a few years, and feel you price point and ease of build are really attractive to someone with no experience - if only there was more information geared towards them! Parts list, source, prices: For people getting partial kits, or planning to make copies, it would be nice to have a list of parts, indicating which packages include them, what can be made with the machine itself, where to get the rest of the stuff (what's at the hardware store, and what's harder), and ballpark price. Materials: I assume it doesn't come with a spool of plastic, although you may want to offer it as an add-on. Where do we buy these, ballpark price, and how fast do we expect to run them out. As I understand it's all about weight, I suppose a few printed items along with their weight (or effective price) would be quite useful. Software: Does this require a computer? UDB? What software do you need to print? To create models? Are there good way to "scan" items for reproduction? License: General explanation of "Open Hardware". You mention friends and families; can we sell "cloned" parts at cost? At profit? Models: There is a good amount of technical data, but a general sense of how a superior model expands possibilities "if you use ABS, you can do this; 8" models let you do stuff like so and so". More info about dual extruders would make them sound less like a sucker's bet, also. A lot of this information is readily available online, but it's a lot of research and we never know what's up to date. Certainly you know, and it would really help make the project a gateway into RepRap. Think "curious noob explanation/FAQ" I'm really excited about this - I hope it picks up as people do some math and check with their spouse! Good luck with the project guys! :)