Born out of necessity, desire, many a prototype, and some late nights the iPhone charging and viewing solution has arrived. The c/dock. So many nights I have laid down to rest.. as I have prepared to set my iPhone gently on my bed stand.. and the worst happens: I notice that its battery is low at best! I'm embarrassed to say I've already been warned twice: once at 20% battery power and again at 10%. But I forgot.. and my iPhone charger is in the kitchen, in my car, at work.. you fill in the blank. Now what? I'm already snug.. but I've got an early morning engagement and I can't chance missing my wake up call. But I don't want to get up - not just after I got down. It takes me back to the old days of the bedside alarm clock.. Now that the my mobile buddy has replaced my watch, my alarm clock, my discman, and so many more gadgets life is more simple.. but not in this case! The solution: A handsome thick piece of solid walnut with either a brushed aluminum or glossy resin face plate and a six foot long black usb cable for charging. The ultimate mix of modern design and convenience. The perfect mate to my already perfect iPhone. You simply start the clock app of choice and slide your phone into the fully enclosed sleeve and it will seamlessly dock and begin to charge, giving you the restful sleep you deserve. It also works wonders as a mini flat screen! Utilize your HBOgo, Netflix, or Hulu Plus app in a whole new way and catch up on your favorite shows. It works great, I used it this morning! We feel we've got a good idea.. but we need your help in getting the funds together to make an initial run of the c/dock. By donating you are essentially pre-ordering the c/dock and helping ensure its creation... and you're making your iPhone happy! Who we are: Two completely average fellows from Portland, Oregon. We both work in design in one way or another and frequently bounce our latest and greatest ideas off of one another. When this idea came to mind.. we knew we had to see it through. Thank you in advance! The c/dock is currently designed for the iPhone 4: To select this version as your reward level, simply select the original reward (that doesn't reference the phone version - this is c/dock for iPhone 4). We will be creating a c/dock for the iPhone 5 as soon as it hits the market: To select this reward level in advance, simply select the reward level that references the iPhone 5. Once Apple releases the iPhone 5 we will hit the workshop and create a c/dock that meets its exact specifications while maintaining the classic c/dock look! Hello Lovely Backers! We've just packaged up the last of the Cdock rewards for Kickstarter backers! Everything that is shippable is in the mail! Yeah! Note: there are a few missing addresses, etc that we can't ship to. ALL of the backers who have not provided information have been notified. If you haven't heard from us or received your Cdock yet, it is in the mail already :) We don't have enough hours to track every package, so please remain patient as your Cdock finds it's way across the globe to your lovely home. Thank you so much for your support, none of this is possible without you! Please continue to support this project that you helped launch by sharing the Cdock with everyone you know and liking us on Facebook. facebook.com/theCdock ALSO, we have amazing news: We've finally been able to sign a workable manufacturing contract! All new Cdocks ordered at www.thecdock.com before December 11th will be shipped by December 15th, packages shipped that day are USPS guaranteed to deliver by Christmas. For overseas orders we can not be quite as sure because there are so many variables.. but we'll do our best. Thank you so much! James and the Cdock Crew of Two Please like us!!! www.facebook.com/thecdock Hello Lovely backers! Many of you have already received your Cdocks and have been emailing and letting us know how much you love them. Thank you so much! Your emails mean a lot to us and the kind words help us sleep better at night after long long days of work! Some of you still haven't received your Cdock (as of today) and we get several emails a day asking about shipping, so I thought it was time for an update! The last Cdocks owed as kickstarter rewards will go out this week! They are Aluminum overseas backers and all Walnut backers. Our main goal, since reaching our funding, has been to achieve manufacturing an affordable Cdock that not only preserves our original standards, but improves on them. There are now three people on our team and we are all still volunteering! Why are we doing this? Because this is what it takes to get a great idea off of the ground and we love our idea! For months we have been searching for a way to make the Cdock in the USA at an affordable cost. The materials we use are so nice, and our quality standards so high, that this has been a mountainous task. We have met many lovely folks along the way and James has been hard at work hand making every Cdock for our kickstarter supporters! As he makes them, he passes them to me and I ship them to you. My name is Adam :) As of today we believe we have found a way to catch up on all orders and ship everything by December 15th. That is the last day that the USPS guarantees delivery by Christmas. Please spread the word to your friends as the more Cdocks we sell, the better the deal we can negotiate with our US manufacturer, and the more likely it is we can put James to work full time :) Today we're running a free shipping promotion, so today is a good day to get one at the same price you backed us for!! Sincerely, Adam Please like us!!! www.facebook.com/thecdock We are thankful for you, your support, and your patience! Lots of people are emailing and asking for updates on shipping, so I thought I'd let you know that we're getting close! There are only three of us working on this, so it takes a lot of time and energy to get to everything. Please forgive us if we can't respond to every message. We're waiting on a bit more wood and aluminum and we're packing up lots of Cdocks to go overseas! All of our kickstart supporters should be taken care of within the next two weeks! Assuming it will take less than a week to get to you :) Here is a fun/scary fact for anyone starting a small business to think of in advance! We're about 75% of the way through our shipping and we've already spent $2,114.75 on postage alone! Not including packing/packages, etc. Whoza! Please like us on Facebook! That is where we keeping everyone up to date on what's happening and where you can view your fellow supporters' reviews as they come in! <url>"beta" so we're not advertising. But soon we will make a push and we want you (and your people) to have first dibs! Best Regards, James Hi All, We're talking to some folks about getting our c/docks made right here in Portland, Oregon. Obviously we're going to need some help and we're getting the team together! We'll keep you posted, but our hope is to have these babies ready to ship as soon as possible. In the meantime we've created a facebook page. Please "like" it so you can keep up-to-date on our progress. Like it: <url>" Need info from your backers? Once your project is successfully funded, you can create surveys to request any info you need to deliver backers’ rewards, such as their mailing address or other details. " Hey Vincent, the app is called the Gorgy Timing Atomic Clock Collin, Randy: We haven't been through checkout before so I'm not totally sure what you're able to add. Do you know if there is a comments section? If there is, you could make a note there. That may be easier than adding more rewards sections for the various combinations. ie. I would like the Glossy Resin version for iPhone 4 and the Brushed Aluminum version for iPhone 5. Would that work? The c/dock is currently designed specifically for the iPhone 4. Assuming our Kickstarter campaign continues to go well, other versions are likely to follow - particularly a version for the iPhone 5. But we'll have to wait for Apple to release their secrets first! :) Thanks everyone! We're getting really close thanks to your help spreading the word! thanks so much. your product is awesome!!!!! Beautiful work, and thank you! I've received my c/dock however the aluminum face scratches the screen of the iPhone. It would have been better if there was some sort of film on the back of the aluminum to avoid this I got mine, and it's great, but I was planning to use it with an old iPhone 3GS, and it doesn't fit. Does anyone know of an easy way to modify either the c/dock or the iPhone 3GS to fit? I don't need to take the phone out again once it's in there, as I'm dedicating it as an alarm clock. I have an iPhone 4S, but it's inside a hard case which is inside a rubberized case, so putting it in to the c/dock each night and taking it out each morning is not really practical. Received my c|dock last week and I can't believe how beautiful it is! I keep looking at it and showing people who are all amazed it's an iPhone clock! Its truly a work of art! I'm _so_ happy with it! Bonus for me is that it was produced locally in Portland, OR and I'm real proud I was a backer of such a great local project! Thanks so much! I've been loving my c|dock ever since it arrived a couple days ago. It looks and works great and takes up almost no space on my tiny nightstand. Nice work! Got my c/dock this weekend and used it for the first time last night! Love it! Thank you for providing a product that I didn't even know I needed, but now can't live without! This user's account has been deleted. Hey..I would like to change my order to a white one. how do I do that? thanks Can't wait. Hey James, super excited to see the dock soon! I was just wondering, since there isn't going to be a redesigned iPhone, will backers who chose the iPhone 5 option be able to switch their order to the current design? okay, thanks james! whats the current prognosis on the timeline for the initial production? I have backed the project for a black glosse clock. My mission was to find the best clock app to go with it (since the atomic clock app that is displayed is not a free one...). Got two great suggestions for clock app alternatives: FaceClock - free analog clock with date an battery indicator in landscape mode, and Kensington Nightstand - free flip type clock with date and weather information in landscape mode. Both apps make optimal use of the screen in landscape mode, are free and look great. I'm not suppoprting these products, but I'm just giving my results of a day long search for the perfect clock app to fit the c/dock. I'm happy to hear what you guys plan to use. I'm still looking for a good app that supports landscape slide shows (preferably through a DropBox link) and has a clock on it as well. TTFN, Vincent Hi James will you be shipping to Vancouver Canada for free? Hip-hip Hooray!! Time to get crackin' on those docks, James! ;] Excited to be the first Triple Threat backer! Great idea James - looking forward to my c/docks! 3 days! Love the walnut look! It's a definite keeper! I think it is worth taking the bumper on and off as well! I was just checking for us lazy people hahaha! Thanks for the response! Would it be possible to order one that fits with the standard Apple bumper? Hi! I'm super excited for the release! I had the double $110 pledge but updated it so I could have the iphone 5 version instead ($65)... however this is just one c/dock, is there a way to keep the two c/dock pledge but have both be iphone5 versions (brushed aluminum)? Thanks fer yer time :) The walnut faceplate looks awesom Love the look of the wood and would select if if were to become an option... Congrats James, I can't wait to have the c/dock on my night table :) Yay - funding success! I can't wait to get mine and give the other as a gift! Yeah! I put you over the goal - so exciting :) Can't wait to get the c docks - but definitely want them for the iphone5!! Dude. Your'e there! With previous Kickstarter projects I have backed I have indeed seen custom labeled input fields for the surveys. I assume they give you a selection of form types (radio, checkboxes, email, dropdown, etc), you select the label and then they aggregate it all into an easy to use file or something else. In other words, yes, you will probably be capable of letting the backer choose the type upon finding completion. ^_^ Just curious what app that clock is from... On the note of Randy, is it possible that instead you ask at checkout what version or versions (if purchasing more than one) the Backer would like? (Note: I am looking for two iPhone 5 docks.) James, thanks for the iPhone 5 upgrade choice. What if I would like to buy 1 for the iPhone 4 and another for the iPhone 5? Can you add a selection for buying these two together? Thanks! will this be compatible with an iphone3/4 and an itouch? also, i know the iphone5 is coming out soon....will it fit too? thanks! Well, here's hoping... because I HAVE to have this!! Great design! I love how it has a certain Art Deco look, too. Good job and I hope you get to the 20,000$ pledge! This really needs to happen... I love the idea! Now I get it and I really like the video.. Thanks for the update.. Chris