Our Kickstarter is over, but you can still join our backers and reserve your Lightbox today! To take advantage of early bird discounts, pre-order now: Thank you all backers! Why We Are Doing This What began as a simple conversation about building a camera fit for our times sparked a curiosity among three friends to re-imagine how we capture and share our daily experiences. We created CA7CH to make the experience of “catching” and sharing life's moments easy, spontaneous and fun. After a year of hard work, Lightbox was born, a camera that would allow people to see life in a new way. Media Small. Simple. Beautiful: Meet Lightbox The world’s smallest live-streaming wearable camera at only 1.5 inches on each side with a sleek and shiny top-quality aluminum body. Lightbox works with your smartphone to change the way we communicate, share, and experience life. Packing 'pro' HD features, this small yet powerful waterproof camera operates instantaneously, putting you a step ahead in capturing your life through photography and video. From concept to prototype to Lightbox. Camera Features Explore All Angles Lightbox’s patented magnetic clip lets you easily attach it anywhere. The powerful magnet will hold the camera firmly in place even through your jacket or baseball cap, letting you explore unique angles and perspectives. Fit For Your Style Lightbox is designed to fit seamlessly into your everyday life. Because it’s so easy to wear, small and waterproof, you can always have it on so that you can capture and share your life as it happens. Be Hands-Free Having fun while being hands-free is a big part of the Lightbox experience. You'll be able to snap photos or take HD video while you have both hands in the air. Snap to Post Keeping the design sleek, Lightbox has only a single button on its smooth surface. Users can program this 3-function button to snap a picture, capture short (12sec) video, record audio or live stream. When clicked, the Lightbox button captures the media and posts it to your cloud storage in a single click. Snap to post lets you set the camera to auto-share with one click or to keep the media private. The camera also knows to save animated motion gifs, combining a burst of photos into a motion experience. Instant Connectivity We put connectivity at the center of the Lightbox experience. Lightbox works with your smartphone through built-in Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, moving the camera’s storage to the cloud and letting you instantly connect with friends and followers. The powerful combination of smartphone and wearable creates endless possibilities. Combined with the CA7CH app, Lightbox lets you auto-store media in the cloud, create events on the fly and share your day with family or friends in one click. It's not just about capturing the perfect picture, it's about sharing authentic moments in real time, all with the ease of a single click. Stream Live Lightbox is designed for live streaming over Bluetooth and WiFi. The camera can connect directly to the cloud or via the smartphone, streaming video using HLS technology. CA7CH app users can view live HD video on their device, allowing the streaming session to adapt to the available data rate. CA7CH App Features The CA7CH app makes the Lightbox experience fun and social. You can control the camera’s settings, combine multiple cameras into one, create events where friends snap photos, share videos and comments into the same post, and so much more. The app also works with your iPhone’s camera and lets you easily post your events to Facebook, Twitter and other social networks. Viewfinder Designed into the mobile app, the Viewfinder lets you see what Lightbox sees so that you have total control of your framing and composition. Through the viewfinder, you can also set image quality and program the camera to take photos or short videos automatically. The app also includes on-the-fly editing capabilities with beautiful filters, picture frames, stickers and patch text over your images right from your phone. Create an Event Easily create your own group events or browse the feed to see the world through the eyes of others using public events and live streaming video. Connect Multiple Cameras Into One Event Feed Imagine being able to connect multiple Lightbox cameras with the app in one space to cover a single event, like a concert, from different perspectives. Everyone can participate by posting comments and tagging photos and video in real time for a new and unique group-chat experience. Specifications Where We Are At In recent months, we've completed building our first set of Lightboxes here in the U.S. We had to overcome many technical challenges and are finally ready to move into production. With your help on Kickstarter, we will be able to finish the product development process, complete packaging and move into manufacturing. The CA7CH app is currently iOS-compatible and we are continuing to add features and new capabilities. The Android version of the app will be ready for release in under 60 days and we plan to continue engaging supporters to help us make it as intuitive as possible. When Will I Get Mine? Currently, we are negotiating with our manufacturing partners and are in the final stages of that process. That leaves us with a 90-day cycle time and our anticipated inventory shelf date for the U.S. is October, at which time we plan to start shipping cameras to our backers. It is important to note that although we have built flexibility into our schedule, there may be unforeseen delays. However, we are very confident that even with unforeseen delays, we will be shipping the product this winter at the latest. Development Timeline Pledge Levels / Rewards Thank you for helping us reach our $80,000 goal in the first 26 hours! After hearing all of your feedback and ideas, we are excited take Lightbox to the next level with our first two stretch goals: Our cool Kickstarter Limited Edition Lightbox. Meet The CA7CH Team Thank you for visiting our Kickstarter page. Allow us to introduce you to the founder team @ CA7CH: Rom Eizenberg, CEO: Once a rocker with long hair, Rom is now a bold entrepreneur with little hair. Spending the last decade building innovative businesses, Rom has hands-on experience building hardware and social software businesses. He still loves his guitar and sometime jams during long calls with overseas manufacturers. Robert Kowalik, COO: An early stage operations ninja, Robert brings over 22 years of experience in leading global operations in emerging technology startups. When not whipping the team, Robert loves to ride his snow mobile and ATVs. Leif Chastaine, VP Product: A sworn mountain cyclist and brewmaster, Leif loves climbing steep peaks and rewarding himself after with a tasty beverage. In his over 18 years of successful start-up experience Leif has conquered challenges in wireless, B2B and social markets. Developer Team Kit Lightbox is a camera platform with a fully functional API that allows developers to get creative, building cool applications taking advantage of the Lightbox wearable experience. We encourage developers to back us using the API level on Kickstarter to receive our SDK kit to get them going. Partners Catch Motion Inc. is looking for collaborators in this project. If you have an idea on how we could work together, please reach out! Write to us at <email> Happy Friday Everyone! CA7CH is taking an important turn today. I’m excited to announce that the assets of CA7CH have been acquired by iON Camera and will become part of iON’s Lifestyle &amp; Wearable business group. Our vision has always been to re-imagine the camera as a hands-free, connected device. We sought to create a new digital experience that will disrupt how all of us communicate and see life and in doing that, help people remove boundaries and bridge distance. We’re thrilled that iON shares and fully supports this vision. It has been a bumpy ride, with moments of despair but also of enlightenment. We did not always communicate with you as often as we wished but you have been a defining part of our journey and we are grateful for that. Your feedback and ideas inspired us and helped us stay focused on what we set out to achieve. Most importantly, this asset acquisition by iON will enable CA7CH to reward your faith in us by building an awesome product and sending you the rewards we committed to deliver for backing us. It remains CA7CH’s direct obligation to you and we now have the resources to make that happen as soon as possible. Working with the iON team, we will be bringing the Lightbox vision into production utilizing the latest technologies. We are also building the second iteration of the CA7CH App along with a robust cloud platform to support live streaming and hands-free sharing of your moments. Being part of the iON family will enable us to implement everything we wanted to build and more. We’re finally bringing the CA7CH vision to the mass consumer market and we are tremendously excited about the possibilities ahead. For that, we owe you a heartfelt thank you - our Kickstarter backer community who believed in our vision and pushed us forward. We are committed to delivering your camera to meet and exceed your expectations and will share a schedule ASAP. I personally want to make sure you are the first people in the world to ever hold the camera we dreamed together and I can’t wait to hear your thoughts on the experience with the new CA7CH App. Onward! Rom, Robert &amp; The CA7CH Team Hey Kickstarter – Happy Monday! In Appreciation We finally have our Kickstarter Thank You Page up! It is our chance to tell you Thank You again for all of your support - this page is yours: <url>– in Times Square Before you go, we want to share with you our recent campaign - the Awesome contest! We are looking forward to seeing how you all use Lightbox, so much so that we want to encourage you to get creative and share your great ideas with the world. The best video will be featured in Times Square for millions to see! Take a look at www.ca7ch.com/nyc and share with your friends. <url>’s a tiny thing or as the CEO of one of our design partners told me the other day, “I’ve seen nearly all the wearable/sports cameras out there and yours is definitely pushing the envelope in terms of form factor, features, and size.” After fixing issues with the first run, we are now running the line for the second evaluation circle and if there are no surprises we should be ready to move into mass-production by early December, initially building 5,000 CA7CH Lightbox cameras. We are also putting together a landing page and a content challenge for creative minds who live adventurous lives and In November, we are planning to have about 100 Lightboxs distributed to a group of power users so if you are interested and think you can be awesome, let us know! We will post a link to the page later this week. We can’t wait to get you your cameras – and we bet neither can you. Just a little bit longer… The CA7CH Team Hi Kickstarter! We have been quiet here over the past few weeks – just super busy with ramping up production but we plan on doing better keeping you guys informed from here on! Our team has been working in China with our manufacturers to implement the changes we announced here into the production design. We now finished testing the updated board layout with 16GB internal camera storage (upgraded from 8GB), the 80deg. Camera FoV and the interface for the magnetically attached extended battery pack. New layouts looks like this: To accomplish all these changes WITHOUT increasing the size of Lightbox, we had to move the camera sensor to the edge of the board. But don’t worry, it still looks super beautiful! We will share an updated visual soon so stay tuned… What else? We added a lanyard so you can secure the camera – just in case you plan on flip-flopping in the air! And after a lot of testing with the prototypes, we decided we need to improve on the magnetic clip too – here is how it looks now, slightly bigger and much stronger: We have been working hard on the mobile app too! There is going to be an all-new look to the app with awesome editing and filtering features coming to the app stores soon. On delivery schedule, we foresee a slight delay in shipping due to enhancement implementation but not more than a few weeks. We are just about finished with the work and the new beta cameras – all changes in – are being manufactured next week. When we get them, we will let all of you know the updated shipment date – it will have 2014 at the end of it! We love you guys and will work to do better on keeping the community up-to-date with developments. The CA7CH Team Hey Kickstarters, This is the update you guys have been waiting for: So many of you wrote to us and encouraged our engineers to make it happen so how could we say no? We are thrilled to announce that your LIGHTBOX will ship with 16GB of internal storage! We doubled the internal flash and you will be receiving the upgraded camera at no extra cost to you. This change may cause a slight delay in delivery date, estimated at 2-3 weeks, to accommodate re-engineering and board layout changes but we are still working to eliminate any schedule impact - an update on that will come in the next 30 days. Want to show us your love? Our Kickstarter campaign has ended and we are now accepting pre-orders! If you did not do that yet, now is a great time to order your extra battery pack and maybe that additional Lightbox camera for your loved ones. You can pre-order here: <url>’ve added the shipping costs to you pledge ($10.00 for Canada and $15 for international). - And don't forget to fill in the survey you will be receiving once the campaign ends. There we will ask you to confirm the color of your Lightbox, shipping information and other details that will help us service you better. Thank you again for the amazing support and for getting personally involved in making Lightbox a reality! Please share our campaign one more time and help us make a last push over the finish line!!! You are a part of building Lightbox now - welcome to the family and we look forward to staying in touch in the weeks and months to come! Rom, Robert, Leif &amp; The CA7CH Team. Hey Kickstarter! CA7CH Lightbox just hit 1,000 Backers . We wanted to take the opportunity to THANK YOU AGAIN FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT! YOU GUYS ROCK. Some stats for you: Lightbox is now #1 wearable project on Kickstarter and in the top 2% of all Kickstarter projects ever funded . With backers from 43 countries around the world, we are excited to see our dream come to life. We want to ask you not to stop - pushing for doubling up now and can use your support! And keep on hitting us with questions and comments - your feedback and ideas are amazing. Before you go, we wanted to share with you a couple cool camera project we loved, that are currently live on Kickstarter. Thought you might like them too... - This one is a video stabilizer app - just in case you also own a gopro and need video fixing on the go: <url>’s double the current 8GB storage!). We are looking into your ideas about SD cards but while we do, wanted to make sure you have plenty of storage so that you can house more content working offline. Stretch Goal 2 When we reach $500,000, backers who have pledged @ $119 and above will get an external battery pack (that will at-least double the battery life!) and is designed to magnetically attach to the back of Lightbox. The CA7CH Team Hey Kickstarters, We wanted to say THANK YOU! Your support, awesome feedback, ideas and enthusiasm means the world to us. Bringing Lightbox to life is an amazing journey and we are thrilled to have all of you join us in re-imagining the camera. We are about to release our first stretch goal - keep tuned - it has to do with what we have been hearing from you. Keep those comments coming and tell us what's missing to make Lightbox even greater. Hi Everyone! Its been an amazing day so far. We just blown through our mid-way marker with 52% of the campaign funded just 10 hours after launch! We have been featured Kickstarter Staff Pick and hit #1 project in NY today - all thanks to your support! Pushing forward to meet our goal and stretch it out... Stay tuned - there is lots more to come Thanks again to everyone for supporting us in making Lightbox a reality Before you go, check out this cool video by @MudPuddleFarms: <url>#18 to backers - check it out and please take a moment and complete the survey included. Hi guys! Its 2am and we are just off the phone with Hong Kong. We have an Update ready but we thought it might be a good idea to read it again in the morning... Coming right up! @ All: the last point we have not addressed is delivery dates. An update coming out in the next 24 hours to address dates and current status - where we are and what's to come. We are trying to provide that in a two-week frequency now and will address questions once the update is published. @YMe: many backers push for delivery and are happy with changes. Others disagree and push for features or design changes. Our job at the end is to balance and stay focused on what we committed to while doing the best we determine necessary to get product in your hands. One last point: when we accepted the upgrades near the end of the campaign, we did tell everyone that there is a product design change we will have to do to enable the upgrades to external battery, better field of view and based on community push - most importantly, doubling up memory to 16GB - all free for backers. That design change was to re-position the lens from the center to the edge. Holding both prototype and current design side by side, we actually like the result but if this is what makes Lightbox just not for you anymore, we respect that and will address refund requests when we are ready to ship. @ ArdRhi - we agree with every word you say :) For Lightbox, we may have made a mistake accepting the community push to implement stretch goals even though technically we did not have to - but our drive remains to build the BEST product we can. The changes the community (and you) are pushing for, per our last comment here below, do make sense and do not require us to re-design or slow us down and we do plan to implement these two points (see below). Otherwise, we do not add or make changes to features and our focus right now is exclusively on delivery. @Everybody: we are listening to your feedback and we value people being passionate about how this product functions. In that, we hear two key points that we agree with: 1) You said: remove the Lightbox branding element: we will keep the light bar at the front because we think it is important and difficult to resolve otherwise, especially for day-light feedback. However, we do agree and plan to A) REMOVE THE BRANDING from the front and B) USE A MORE SUBTLE COLOR so the bar looks much more subtle visually. 2) You said: don't use LEDs on the front - keep the camera discrete: we too believe that the non-obtrusive nature of the camera is really important. We plan to keep the visual feedback in place but WE WILL LET THE USER DECIDE IF YOU WANT TO USE IT OR NOT - you will BE ABLE TO SHUT DOWN LEDs while recording or snapping a picture by using camera settings on the mobile app. It will however let you know when you turn on the camera, shut it down and similar feedback that is both subtle and momentary in nature. Hey Everyone - we were away for a few days so getting right back here to comment: Starting with @ Lawrence Faulkner and @antonino schillaci: The Lightbox does support triggering by accelerator (motion) etc. Not all of it is exposed in the current mobile app but it is supported on the camera API. @TarioD - its a cool idea to swap the light bar but it will make the Lightbox not water proof. We do like your thinking of removing the branding element from it and making it more subtle and we appreciate you thinking and sharing ideas. @TarioD, @h5n1 & @ David McNicholl: We are not keeping this a secret - at the same time we are doing our best to avoid naming dates and keeping on pushing them, or at least to minimize that as much as we can. This is to say - we do not have a confirm shipping date yet. We are wrapping up tasks on our list and pushing forward but have no final confirmation on shipping date. We will update as soon as we have a firm commitment. @Gordon Tindall - we are big fans of Apple design and subtlety in general. Some user experience challenges in your example: what works well indoor is slightly more difficult outside with day-light. We have read significant user complaints from a couple action-camera products around tiny LEDs not being seen outside. @ArdRhi - you have a point! we are on the same page :) @J we will be in a position to address refund requests from backers when ready to ship and will share a policy then. @William, we are midst building those now. @jhaeh, the lanyard is there to secure the camera so you do not lose it @Everybody - we think one of the dominant themes many of your agree on is that you do not like the light-grey branding element on the black version. We are kind of slip on that one ourselves and will take a look at creating a version with a darker defuser bar if we can. We will share a rendering on our next update and checking to make sure we can "show" enough feedback but we are told it is possible. More on that when we get more facts. Reposting answers on the update comments here as it is applicable to several comments regarding LED control and Lightbar color. Hope this helps... "@JB and others asking about the LED's. You WILL have options settings in the control panel to turn LED's on/off and to control them based on usage. Eg. when charging to provide user feedback when the battery is full or still under charge. regarding light-bar color. the prototype bar is less of a white and more translucent silver. Silver accent worked well with the silver accents on the chamfer on side of camera. When we send out the survey we will have more photos for your review. Changing color is easy making it in different options may be more complicated. But we are not too late. Keep the comments coming!' Hello everyone, in between meeting in SFO but wanted to come back with quick comment. For those of you who have new color preference NO PROBLEM. Before we ship we intend to reach out to each and every backer confirming address, color, accessory, etc... We want you to be happy and get what you like. Appreciate all the comments and keep them coming. Just one more comment: @Lawrence Faulkner, we really like the idea of switchable faceplates! More tomorrow! Hi guys, Thank you for the support and thank you for the criticism just as well! Your thoughts are amazingly helpful and we really are thankful for your involvement and for taking the time! We plan to address every comment separately but for tonight we only wanted to make sure you all noticed a new update was posted. Like the last one, it is for backers only and we hope it helps further the discussion here. Check it out and we'll be back in tomorrow to answer more questions and share thoughts. Good Night from San Francisco and Good Morning to China! The CA7CH Team. Hi Guys, Some of you are very aggressive about the LEDs under the faceplate: well, we do need to provide you with some visual feedback on the camera so you know it is charging, looking for your phone to connect and other similar situations. That, separately from having an LED cluster always shinning while you are not using the camera or even when shooting video. The good news is that these situations do not have LEDs on. Unlike with our current test built (which you saw on the video), the LEDs only shine when important user feedback is required. We think another source of concern for you is due to the fact we did not show you a clean picture of the camera yet - LEDs shinning at very close range to a video camera capture create an aura of light that hides the beautiful and clean face plate (its like posting a camera at the sun). Since we did not use professional video equipment, the result is a little misleading compared to how it looks in reality. Some backers may still not like-it but at the very least, you have had a chance to see the new design before you trashed it. We will post some beauty pictures in our next backer-only update next week and we welcome the feedback - preferably constructive but angry and upset is also welcome and is helpful in our refinement of product and functionality. To make sure we capture the thoughts of all of you, we will include a feedback survey with the next update to help us collect your thoughts and we will be grateful if you took a few minutes and participated. Meanwhile, we want to share some more pics snapped with Lightbox during the holiday season - check out our latest blog post here: <url>~500mAh of power power which will double the Lightbox capacity. @ Ken Lee - Thank you for the comment! By placing the memory on the board, we've been able to close and seal the case - a design objective for us. Perhaps in the future will look at micro SD options. @ Seth - We set up the survey so that you can change your shipping address in the future for just this reason. You'll be able to update the address after you move if you like. @ Alexander Ghaffari - You should now be able to select KS Green on the order form. @ Chiman Choi - Yes, Lightbox comes with a battery, the survey is asking about the backpack battery that you would have ordered form our website. Sorry for the confusion! @ Mohammed, you can certainly play water polo with Lightbox but it was not designed as an underwater camera so diving with it is something we can not guaranty and we can not talk of underwater video quality either. Our friends at GoPro did a complete re-design in their version 3 to improve underwater performance and the Hero 3 is an awesome product for that. We might look into it one day but for now, we are focused on making Lightbox an amazing wearable camera experience for everyday fun. @ Nim - Thanks for the question, it's has been asked but happy to answer. The coating will protect against submersion, but Lightbox is not designed to be used as a dive camera. The battery pack will not have the same level of water protection. @ Jonathan, yes we are definitely planning on providing an helmet mounting accessory. We are still working on designs and have not announced release dates just yet but we are forecasting January next year at the latest - a couple month after the cameras are shipped to you. THE CA7CH TEAM @ Angelo, we can not take additional orders here at Kickstarter now that the campaign has finished. Please write us at <email> and we will be happy to help. What we can do is give you the $149/Lightbox package via the pre-order process on www.ca7ch.com Drop us an email and we will provide instructions. THE CA7CH TEAM @ Clamgoh - you will be able to select colors when we share the Kickstarter survey - it is coming shortly. We sent the coupon on a Backer-Only Update. You should have received it in an email from Kickstarter but you can find it in the Updates section above. We hope that helps! @ Angelo - Thank you for the input on the design. @ Antonino - We will be send a survey to all of our backers in the next week. You'll be able to choose the color in the survey. Thanks- Hey Everyone, We just added a new post to our blog at <url>#6 and be positive - you are every likely to get it. In fact, we are already at work but we also want to make sure that anything we tell you here is solid. We are aiming at doing both goals and we want to make sure we can do everything on time! @ Everyone, we uploaded a couple of videos we did earlier. This is shot with 720p @ 5MP settings. It is also not using the new Ambarella processor but it can give you a little bit of a feel to how pov video feels like. We will share new video clips using full 1080p @ 8mp, greater fov and so much better sharpness when we finish working the production units. We plan to ship 100 of them to lucky testers by mid-September so send us a message if you have a cool idea of how you would use it and are willing to share your stories. Meanwhile, check these out: <url>#6 - we will be doing stretch goal 2 (batery pack) and very likely stretch goal 1 (storage). More updates coming soon! Everybody - you have been awesome and we want to thank you so much for deciding to take part in brining Lightbox to life. You could wait for Lightbox to be commercially available but you decided to back our project now and that means the world to us. Without you we could have never made it. We will post an additional update today but please check out our last update for details on Stretch Goals - and Yes, we plan to do everything we can to give back to you! More updates soon! The CA7CH Team @ Ben, it's great to meet you - you have a cool product. We met some of your guys in China - email us if you want to connect. @ James - go to Me Events, choose the event you want and then swipe it to the left. Tapping on each picture or video allows you do delete. @ Mohammad - so sorry but we are not ready just yet. We will continue to post updates here and share videos with you. @ Mohammed, we are working to put a demo together for you guys but we can't guaranty we will finish in the next 13 hours. You have been so great and provided so much valuable feedback that we really hope you will stay with us but if you need to see the production camera in action than we completely understand. @ Filipe, it holds well in everyday kind of settings and its ok to dance with and even jumping is cool. We didn't test it in extreme sport situations but we do wear them all day. @ Gordon, f2.4 aperture @ Roderick - we hear you. You have sample video from the prototype Lightbox and we hope to give you final production camera samples as soon as we can. Trying to do that in the next few hours because you guys asked us to. @ Claude - you clearly like us otherwise you wouldn't back the project and reading all your comments you seem to be furious with us for every reason possible, immediately after pledging. And we are saying this with love because you push us to be the best we can. Delivering on time is super important for us - because we promised and because we need to hit the holiday season for our go-to-market. We plan on selling many many more Lightboxes. That said, you should read the Risk factors section of the kickstarter page and understand that as with any other kickstarter project - there are risks. You are helping us bring a new product to life which is what makes the Kickstarter community so amazing and if this is not something you want to take part of, we will love to notify you when you can just buy Lightbox in our online store. Since we love you - you are officially invited to our launch party and we will send you an invitation email when we are ready to go. The CA7CH Team @ Robert, we agree! The big challenge with the "fish-eye" lenses is their size and we want to keep Lightbox beautiful and cool to wear so you can have it with you all the time. That said, there are new camera modules, just hitting the market, that do great in a very small size and just might work. We are looking at them right now and have already increased the view angle from 70 to 80 degrees. We think we can do better and we are careful in saying that because keeping delivery schedules is critical for us. @ Marco - sorry, one of us played with the span button and clicked it by mistake. We already notified KS. They explained that no implications. Sorry again. @ Roman - we know what you mean but it is our butt on the line ;) Kickstarter is just the beginning and we are racing forward to be able to fulfill orders for the holiday season so much at stake. We plan to deliver on our promises! @ Claude, we don't know how it was for your meMini Kickstarter, but all of our friends and family supported us and we are grateful you guys! Don't be mean - its ok to complete and we love your product - we are building an amazing new category for cameras together! By the way, we are using the one of GoPro's manufacturers - this guys are the best in the industry and while you havn't backed us yet - we are sure you would love Lightbox! @Filipe, Roman & Mohammad - we are not ignoring you! As we updated previously, we upgraded the video core from Broadcom to Ambarella - that's turbo super better quality in all aspects (white balance, dark-settings performance and more). We were slow to upload sample videos because we want to show you the final performance and this is being worked right now - almost out of the oven! The Lightbox prototype video you saw on our KS Video is done with the prototype platform - if you that's helpful, we can upload the original videos we shot one by one. We understand the pressure and doing everything we can to make it happen before this campaign ends! @ Gordon - looks like 1mm thiner but not much more than that. We are using every free square inch to pack more battery power @ Nikko - that's a good one! Right now, no - you are limited to one Lightbox but this is not a technology limitation. The platform supports multiple cameras - we just didn't have a chance to implement it yet and YES - we want to! @ Robert Corkum - Thank you! We have a great community of backers that have really engaged with us! A few answers- 1) The answer is yes, the clip can be used as both a magnetic mount and with the mechanical clip (like a iPod nano). Future designed items will be dual purpose in that you always be able to charge AND mount. 2) Thank you for the input! 3) Unfortunately no, we don't have a speaker. There is a buzzer for user feedback. @ Magestik - Yes, Lightbox has a external connector that will allow you to charge/power while in use. Video looping has been requested by several backers and we are going to support this. @ Dave C L - No, Lightbox does not have night vision capabilities. @ Everybody: You have been Awesome! Your feedback and support are so encouraging! Our team in China is working to implement a lot of your feedback - Stretch Goals or not, we want you to have the BEST product we can possibly give you! For that, we are cooking some surprises! A spoiler - there will be a battery pack built! And more... Hang on tight - we will release an update with news later tonight or tomorrow morning, as soon as we have confirmation from our manufacturers. @ Filipe, Claude Deputy is associated with meMini - another camera project. He never really backed us - just lurking in the shadows trying to damage. Why, we have no idea but he is on a mission. You can check out his profile by clicking on his name. @ Filipe Kalicki - We'll be providing an update with some additional information later this evening. Stay tuned. @Jheah - All kickstarter backers will receive the same warranty as if the you purchased the camera in a retail store (1 year of coverage)! @ Gordon Tindall - Yes, the flash is on the front just above the camera lens. @ Mohammed Issa- We didn't miss your questions and thank you for following up! Yes, we will be releasing a web UI next year and with regard to G-Drive/Dropbox, we plan to implement by the time Lightbox ships. @ Gordon Tindall - Thank you for backing us! A few answers. 1) The LED and actually on the side of Lightbox. 2) We are tagging images with GPS data from your phone. A GPS is a relatively power hungry chip and we believe that using the phone GPS is a natural alternative because Lightbox is tethered to the phone. 3) Thank you for the input regarding case modification - we have received allot of feedback and we will consider all. @ Roman - We will be posting an update tomorrow afternoon. @ Seth - Unfortunately no! @ FLCL - First, you made us aware of a major BUG - on our website, terms of use where switched under the privacy statement and vice versa. Sorry for that, its being fixed right now. This section is intended to protect other users from people sharing obscene, criminal or other content that is simply unacceptable to any reasonable person and as such we have to reserve the right to inspect such content and if necessary delete such content. In that sense this is no different from other sharing platforms and we have to stress, those are terms of use, not privacy policy. That said, we do take every comment we receive seriously and we will review the Terms of Use again to make sure the lawyers have drafted language in such a way that does not infringe our user's right to ABSOLUTE privacy. @ Giovanni Rodriguez - Our apologies for the slow replies, we are currently in Las Vegas pitching at the SXSW V2V event which, so if any of our backers are here- please say hi! Your question is how water proof is Lightbox- it will survive being submerged under water, but it is not designed/optimized for use underwater in application like diving. @ Jordan Booth - Thank you for the question! We are currently supporting iOS 6 and up and Android 3.0 and up. An iPhone 4 will work just fine. @ Giovanni - Yes, you can delete images from the cloud via the phone application. @ Rina - We are evaluating how to make the memory and battery available. We'll provide an update next week. @ David Duncan - We have gotten a lot of great feed back and we really appreciate it, it is amazingly helpful. We do have the ability to set the picture capture interval (at set time intervals i.e. every 30 sec, 1 minute, 5 minute, etc.) just not at random intervals - an interesting idea! @ Carlos Poon - The back of Lightbox has a square protrusion that the clip aligns with. This not only helps the clip stay in place and prevent the camera from rotating, it allows you to easily attach it to Lightbox at 90 degree intervals (so yes, you can take portrait, landscape). @ Colby - Yes, bummer from our perspective as well! Hoping you have an amazing trip- @ Jacky - Yes, you can shoot short 12 second clips OR normal HD video of any length. @ thwip - At the end of the campaign we will send you a survey where you'll you be able to specify the color of each camera. @ ClouD-LCY - This is a great question and we don't have a ready answer! The battery life recording audio will be a long time (hours) and I'll update you with a firm time shortly once the engineers confirm. We do not have a mode to record audio AND take snaps. @ Rahim - You can absolutely shoot video longer than 12 seconds. You can shoot in two mode- clip mode w/ 12 second videos or regular video for any length of time. Hope this helps! @ M3Publico + Tcrew + Mohammed - Thank you for the input, we will evaluate options... @ Alan Sharman - Thank you for backing our project! We have received many requests for a lanyard from our backers and we are working on modifying the Lightbox case to allow for a lanyard attachment in the initial release. Will keep you all posted on progress! @ Khadijah - Each Lightbox is packaged individually! @ Second Guess- Currently Lightbox and the application are designed to work with our cloud service. You'll be able to save images and video to your phones memory via the camera roll, and from there you can store them elsewhere. We've had a number of requests for support with 3rd party cloud services (dropbox and others) which makes alot of sense to us, so we are looking at options for enabling support from the application. @ Sasidhar Kuchimanchi - Thank you for backing us! We want to provide images using the final production configuration that is being finalized now in China w/our engineers (for production we're shifting to Ambarella silicon). We should have additional image samples soon and we'll share them right away. @ kokobin and Antonio Schillaci - One of our co-founders has a young one, the baby monitor idea was one of our early use case discussions. We've got a number of thoughts on how to leverage motion, light, sound and even image analysis to enable different use cases. -Love the feedback. @ Parnian - Thank you for backing us! Check your messages for our reply. @ Tcrew - Thank you for backing us! @ Faisal Buafra - Yes, the Android application will be available shortly. We'll let you know when it hits the Google Play store. @ Andy Lauw - Glad you found it, and sorry for the difficulty! According to the settings for the app, it should be in the Australian store (we are in all Apple geographies). We will look into this a bit more. @ kokobin - We want it to make it easy for the wearer to know that Lightbox is on and taking pictures, so we've placed LEDs in a way that make them visible to the wearer and others. Even with LED indicators though, your idea is a good one - a simple way to make sure your not shooting in an awkward situation. @Andy Lauw: Try searching for "ca7ch" from iTunes on your phone, our app should be the first on the list. @ Colby Wallace- Thank you for the app feedback. Please check you messages, I'm sending you a quick note! @ Filipe Kalicki - YES! YES! YES! Let's unlock the stretch goals! If you haven't yet shared the project with your friends, family, colleagues please do so. @ Gideon Low - I don't know the answer to that, however, I'm order a set to test and we will let you know the results! They look like a cool accessory. @ Antonino - First, thank you for supporting us! Second, yes- adding the $15 to the order for shipping is the correct thing to do. At the end of the campaign you will receive a survey and at that point, you'll have the opportunity to specify the color. Again, thanks! @ Randy - We are very thankful for the amazing support of all of our backers! We've also set up two amazing stretch goals that will add tremendous value for all of our backers. Jump in! You'll love the product and we would love to have you~ @ Patrick Delaney - Thank you for your support! @ Patrick - thanks for backing Lightbox! For your use case, will you be satisfied with a lower resolution capture or do you want to always use 1080p when looping? @ JB - Please check your messages. Thanks! @ Binh Quang - The storage on Lightbox is to both provide a buffer while syncing with the phone and to enable it to be used when it's disconnected from the phone. The UI for Lightbox is our CA7CH application. The app is where you can edit, delete, share and manage your images. Thank you for the question! @ Gideon Low - My apologies for missing your original question. Are your referring to the Photojojo lenses? @ kokobin - Love this question. As you know Lightbox does not have a GPS onboard, so no help there (and we prefer not to track your every move). We are looking at ways to generate and alert on the phone if the connection to Lightbox is lost (as would happen if you dropped it or set it down and walked away). This would alert the owner that something is amiss. @ Rebecca Flowers - Thank you very much for backing us! We are enhancing our application to enable you to store your media to your phone camera roll as well as the cloud and this should enable you to use it with Sherlybox (the'll need to release a mobile client). With regard to the additional battery pack, it is a separate accessory that is held in place via the magnet and yes you will be able to purchase it. Currently the internal battery is not replaceable but it's good for about 1000 charging cycles, so your estimate of 3 years is likely not far off. @ ooxxchu - I've sent you a message to discuss how to adjust your pledge! @ Mohammed Issa – We didn’t miss it, it’s a very good question and a little conferring with our engineers is in order. To clarify a bit, Lightbox does not have a traditional sleep/standby mode where the user can quickly wake the device. Instead, once Lightbox is turned on and connected to the users phone, we maintain the connection in a very power efficient mode so that Lightbox can quickly respond to commands to capture and move media to the app. In this mode, Lightbox is design to last for a full day of use. This is the mode we were refereeing to in the previous response. Of course if Lightbox is switched off the charge will last much longer. And, there may be a opportunity to create a "sleep" type profile for Lightbox in the future. @ Henry - Yes, the camera can be used while charging. @ Mike Morrison - We agree with regard to the lanyard, we've had a lot of interest. The magnet certainly won't prevent us from coming up with a clever lanyard attachment. @ Alex Livshitz - Yes, the device will work with the new iPhone 6. @ Tom Hooper - Actually I don't think it has been asked. Standby time is at least 24 hours. @ Enrico, we received multiple requests for a tripod and we are definitely planning on providing a mounting option like that! @kokobin - Will consider, thanks. @ Jonathon - Thank you! @Mohammed, we never heard of these guys before but we will definitely look into this when they become commercial. We can not promise we will be able to hook up every single service out there but we sure will try to add the best and coolest as fast as we can and we are saying that with one key goal in mind - to make sure you have your Lightbox on time, as promised! James, we are fans of our backers more than anything else! Android app is in testing right now and we expect to release it in the next couple weeks! @ Mohammed - Thank you for the comment! I think a few points are important to point out. First, we (the creators) do not have access to your passwords. Second, we do retain the right to manage the cloud service within our stated privacy policy and terms of service (you can review these here: <url>#2. You can see the back of the case and the clip. As a cyclist myself, mounting to a bike is high on my list as well. @ Daniel - We are using the A7LW. This is latest SOC focused on the the wearables market. Our focus is on delivering the best user experience possible and to do so, we need to most efficient technology. @ Brenda Bott - Thank you for backing us! @ Niranjan, many many differences, from the plastic design in the video you sent vs. the high-quality Aluminum used to build Lightbox through the fact that this camera is off-line (you need a USB cable to download pictures from it), does not shoot video, no sharing, only a 4-years/old 5mp imager vs. the top notch 8mp Sony imager and the Ambarella chip used in Lightbox. To summarize, the video you sent is an example of an early iteration on a Life-Logger camera that went to market 2-years ago. We want Lightbox camera to be your perfect smart-phone accessory, packing pro-camera features in a beautiful, small and wearable design - one that removes all boundaries. We hope we did a good job! @ Roderick, the lens is fixed focus which we find provides the best results on the fly. + @David Lum, we'll go out and get some cool new video for you guys to check out! @ Jim Mayeda - Absolutely agree, if you could wear the camera like a pair of eyeglasses you would get the best possible POV, but you would also lose the opportunity to mount the camera to a stick, the dog, you young soccer player, or under a drone. So the compromise is to address the awkward angles via flexible clip design that enables you to adjust the angle of the camera to approximate a proper POV. This is approach we are taking. There is much for us to learn as your point is very valid. @ Andy Medina - As of today no, but technically it could be done. Remember that in addition to the buttons on Lightbox, you have complete control of Lightbox from your phone. @ Niranjan, there is Google Glass but we are partial to the headwear ourselves and think its way cooler if you can use different perspectives freely by just clipping the camera just about anywhere. @ Dan Callan - Yes, you absolutely can shoot videos linger then 15 seconds. There are two video settings, short video (12 second snippets) and standard video (as long as you like). @ Doktor Jones - Thank you for backing! The idea of an adapter for a standard tripod is a good one - particularly small ones that fit in your pocket like the GPod. @ kokobin, you have a point. We also see interesting opportunities to use the center of the front "surface" for other things we are not ready to talk about yet. The magic of 120 deg lenses (and there are now 135 ones too) still is physical - and there are new developments in the field so hopefully we can come back with good news on fov but its not too bad with the "iphone" type lens too. Not action-sports optimal we agree. @ Claude the PCB board must be smaller than 38mm otherwise it wouldn't fit in the case. It is exactly 35mm square. Thank you for increasing your pledge and for backing Lightbox! We know you will love your camera. @ Roman - that will require some magic but it happens to be that is exactly what we are good at :) There are some new modules getting to market with little form-factor impact - we are working on making it possible. @ Roman - We don't have a specific accessory like that on the roadmap, but the beauty of our magnetic mounting approach is that it allows us and you to be very creative how you mount or attach Lightbox to other accessories. @ Claude Deputy - Thank you for the input. @ Ingo - We are on the same page - the wider the view angle, the more reality that fits in to the video or image. At the same time, we want to make sure Lightbox remains beautiful, small and useable for you everyday. We dislike the fish-eye accessories because they yield low quality and are bulky to wear. We are looking at some of the newest tech out there and have a coupe promising directions - however, we can not make a promise for a 140 deg. lens just yet... More to come! @ Kevene, Thanks for backing Lightbox! We like the tripod and the gooseneck idea too. We are planning on releasing an adjustable table top and wall-mount stand for Lightbox - both will also allow you to plug the camera in to power it up. @ Alan LAU - This is a great point. You can't adjust the lens directly, but you can adjust the mount/clip and this is the approach we are exploring. @ Mohammed Issa - We like the idea of provide a few click-on lens accessories - lenses in particular. @ Yun Ki Lee - Yes, Lightbox has image stabilization and we are utilizing the onboard sensors (accelerometer) to optimize the timing of image capture, however, there are limits and you're probable correct about running around. @ kokobin and @ Mohammed Issa - Great set of ideas for mounts/adapters. As we said earlier, we are exploring a wide variety of mounts and adapters will take your input into consideration as we continue the design/mfg. process. @kokobin - We love the idea of skins, they make perfect sense to add a bit of personality to Lightbox. @ Mohammed, Thanks you! Proud to have hit $150,000 - you guys are awesome. 27 backers short of a THOUSAND so keep up the support!! To answer your questions - some backers have already asked for and we are looking into providing G-Drive & Dropbox integration on the backend. Technically, this should be rather simple. Regarding privacy, you have complete privacy other than for those images you shared on CA7CH, in which case we might inspect images if claims are made by other users for inappropriate content being published, not unlike any other publicly available service. @ kokobin, Thanks for backing Lightbox! We have been hoping for accessory questions :) YES, we are working a bunch of accessory options. They all have 1 thing in common - you magnetically snap the camera on them. There will be table-top and wall mounts with optional power line connector. We are also working out other wearable and vehicle type mount options - and would love to hear your ideas!! @ Binh, we are certainly planning on having Lightbox in your hands well before Christmas. There are always risks involved but at the moment we are already engaging our partners in China and currently see no setbacks or reasons for any concerns. Check out the schedule & risks on our Kickstarter page for more details. Thanks for backing Lightbox!! @ Mark, yes, an Android app will be available shortly - you can even use it with your phone's camera so look out to our update email and check it out! @ Dodaly, it will be 10X better than GoPro because Lightbox is way smaller, cooler to wear and works with your smartphone so you are always connected and can share in real-time! @ Simon, Thank You!! @ kokobin - Thanks for supporting CA7CH! Yes, media is timed & stamped. Geotagged when downloaded to the Smart Phone. You can manually edit location in the app at the event level and select your own text. @ Marco Janssen - Thank you! We've been working hard to create something special. There are two ways you can delete images in the app 1) by sliding the image to the left from the image viewer (just tap a picture in the event and you'll go to the viewer), and 2) slide the event to the left and you'll access the event editor- where you can delete pictures by simply tapping on the image. We've hidden a few of the Lightbox settings until Lightbox is ready to ship, but the specific setting you're asking about is on the event creation and the camera settings screens. @James Lidsay - Currently we don't have a setting for capturing video without sound, but this is an interesting idea. @ Claude Deputy - Streaming will only work via our cloud service. @ Janes Lindsey - we didn't think about soundless video - cool idea! @ Marco Thank you! You can set intervals in Creat Event on the app. You am delete pictures in View-Event then just swipe across a photo and chose to delete it or set it as theme photo for your event album. @ Kokobin - Sure, the app lets you set time intervals! Lightbox also has a Burst mode where it will snap 2 pics a second for 5-9-12 seconds and save them as an animated gif for you to share! @ Second Guess, We are looking into additional storage but we also have to keep the balance of design and size so Lightbox is fun to wear and use, no straps and mounting gear. About streaming, we offer developers access to our api so many people can build their own apps and widgets and make up cool new ideas. About colors, you tell us, what would be your favorite color? @ FLCL - yes, AES is the encryption standard used. @ KICKSTARTERS - KEEP THOSE COMMENTS COMING!! WE LEARN A LOT FROM YOUR FEEDBACK AND IDEAS SO HIT US WITH SOME MORE. @ Claude - hit us up with more, we learn from your questions so challenge us! @ James Lindsay - no damage to mic from the noise, guarantied. Thanks for backing Lightbox! @ FLCL - let us know if you want more technical data about cloud encryption standards and we'll be happy to dive deeper! @ Rina - thanks for supporting Lihhtbox and for sharing your thoughts - everybody - those comments are a tremendous help in making Lightbox better! Yes, cloud storage is part of our streaming infrastructure. Everything streamed is also stored as a video file in the cloud so people can ca7ch up with your video updates later too. Upgrades - yes, we are working it too! @ Jim Mayeda - thanks for your support! When the campaign ends, all backers will receive a survey through Kickstarter - you will be able to chose your Lihhtbox color, make updates to your shipping address and leave us any other comments or instructions! @ Gideon - we hear you!! Thanks go supporting us. P.S when not streaming, video recording time just about doubles but we are working hard to extend bat. Life without making Lightbox too huge to wear! Stay tuned... @FLCL Thanks for backing Lightbox! You asked about security. CA7CH is using the Amazon Cloud infrastructure and thus we enjoy the top standards of hosting security in the market. Your user data is encrypted and secured!! @ David Duncan - Great idea and in fact we are looking at a number of options for adjusting and/or swiveling the base. @ Filipe - Initially we'll use them for optimizing image and video quality - in the future, I'm sure we'll find some clever uses! @ Second Guess, Thanks for backing Lightbox! Our cloud service provides streaming free of change. We will be offering additional storage services but we can not release final pricing yet. It will start at $1.99 / month and scale up to $9.99 at the top end. Q Enrico, the Lightbox can work completely stand-alone, without the smartphone. You can use the 3-function button on the camera to snap pictures, capture video or audio. The Lightbox will download all its media to the app as soon as you re-sync it with your phone. @ Eric - You are right both times. Our prototype Lightbox has a micro-usb port because we wanted to make it easy for testing. The production version will have surface contacts on the back. Those magnetically attached to your charging cable, will work with other charging accessories like wall-mounts and also be used by the extended battery pack. And yes, you can jump into the pool with your Lightbox. Thanks for backing us! Hi @Enrico C. and sorry for the delay in this response. Thanks for backing us! Using the CA7CH mobile app, you can set the camera to snap pictures in set intervals (min 1 sec) for a duration you define. You can also use BURST mode, that will trigger the camera to snap 2 pictures per second for 5,9 or 12 seconds, saving the output as a cool animated gif - a picture, with motion. Hi @ John Kincaid - Unfortunately no, LED can not be disabled. It's also not too prominent or intrucive too @ Rekka Low - Thanks for backing Lightbox! Not leaving Android too far behind: iOS is out, Android app is in QA, should be release in the next few weeks! KICKSTARTERS, THANK YOU AGAIN FOR THE SWEEPING SUPPORT! WE HAVE JUST POSTED AN UPDATE WITH OUR FIRST TWO STRETCH GOALS - CHECK IT OUT: <url>"automatic" settings, but initially we'll be keeping it simple. We are looking towards implementing settings to allow you to delete completely black or blurred images, correct red eye, or apply filters. In any case, these settings will be available to you so that you can turn them on/off as you see fit. Both the camera and the application support off-line operation and they sync automatically once connectivity is re-established and we make sure not to lose your stuff if connectivity goes away in the middle of the data transfer process. Finally, you'll be able to see the battery status of the camera on you phone, so you can decide when to change or recharge the battery. @ Filipe, problem is, people run, jump and shake regularly... Maybe a challenge? We have a gyro and 7-axis accelerometer so no prob to implement technically... Cool thought - them coming!! @Filipe - Cloud currently accepts only FB/TWT/YouTube, Insta etc... - We plan on exposing additional APIs and so 1)Thanks for the feedback - we love some of the ideas people have been sharing and 2) We'll definitely plan to include DropBox and GDrive at least - it makes perfect sense and not hard to do! @Filipe - Thanks! We Agree! @ Ruben Sanchez - Yes it can. The camera captures media locally (comes with an 8GB memory, like your basic iPhone) and then off-loads it to a cloud storage as soon as its connected via the phone or WiFi. And Yes again - you can set the camera to snap pictures, record audio, take 12 second videos or even save a GIF with a burst every X seconds. You can even tell it to stop after some time elapsed - You have full control! Hi Filipe, thanks for backing Lightbox!! The first prototype we built was based on the PI - you have a good eye there! We designed it to proof of concept design and as a fast way to build the linux side of the code. For the second prototype and for production (we are already working with manufacturing partners in Asia to make sure we meet our deadlines), we shifted the design to the Ambarella silicon. We found it to be superior to other platforms in the market in almost every possible category and the support we have been receiving from the Ambarella team has just been amazing! Hey Guys! @Claude Deputy and others have asked for a better image of the back of the camera - we just posted an update with a couple pictures of Lightbox and its clip mount! @Filipe Kalicki - We hear you! working it through battery accessory to add more juice on the go! @Wei Ye - Lightbox was nano-coated to waterproof the camera. It can go for a swim, but you can't deep-dive with it on a Caribbean excavation. All- The FAQ is now up with additional info! @ Wei Ye - Yes, users will be able to add cloud storage as needed! @ Claude Deputy, You are right, memory is not removable. We made it that way because we wanted to keep the camera beautiful, water resistant and small. We also figured that 8GB is actually plenty - about an hour in full HD. The Lightbox uses the cloud for storage too and clears local memory as soon as images are downloaded to the cloud. We love your feedback so please keep it coming - its the stuff we need to refine features - if you want more memory in, please let us know! @Wei Ye - yes but instead of packing a GPS in the camera, we are using the Smart-Phone's GPS and / or WiFi based location. We found that indoor use is common (where GPS does no good vs. WiFi based location) and decided to use battery life for video instead. @ M3Publico - better than USB - to keep the Lightbox sexy we included a surface contact for charging and attaching external batteries. An adapter to USB will be included in the box. With your support we can build an external battery accessory faster so please back us today!! Thank you ALL for the support! We will be posting a FAQ later today with additional details- keep and Eye out for that. @Claude Deputy - The Lightbox does pictures, short (12-sec) videos AND full HD video recording (no time limit). Battery life supports 1,000 pics, 200 short videos or 30mins of HD video PLUS live streaming them (no live stream doubles battery life). For users wanting a small-connected Go-Pro, we will be releasing a magnetic clip that houses additional battery power to guys you guys more juice!! I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Have been funding “Technology” projects since 2013. I can not comment on the other category failures of performance with KS and IGG. Hear, what I have learned ... having lost $2200+ to this date. So please be warned... 1~If less than 500% funded, CANCEL pledged amount before the cut off date on a $200+ investment. If the campaigner has not designed a website, by the pledge cut off date, CANCEL your pledge. 2~Pay attention to the wording of the contributors’ comments. Response timing and knowledge are important. 3~If you are purchasing from outside of the USofA, delivery of your order might not happen, due to tariffs and duties that the campaigner did not foresee during the months of development. The competition files patients which we do not hear about; therefore not an original first product. 4~Stay away from Indiegogo, especially “flexible” funding. In fact, Kickstarter leads the way in honesty of product development; while some campaigners need to join in with IGG to get the rest of the shortfall in funds required. Now you know why you might not see the goods till 18 months later, if at all. I have had 7 failures with IGG. Volume (shareholder) supporters receive their goods first. Check the pledges. 5~Those who order more than one unit are lucky to see their additional units delivered. The %age funded tells the delivery status. Look at the biggest selection category purchased. The campaigner wants satisfied clients, not volume distributed. 6~Last and still annoying ... the life span of a purchased product. VERSION updates for APPLE controlled APPS are surpassed after a certain date, rendering the unit useless. I got only a two-year life span on several products. APPLE has too harsh a control; make sure ANDROID apps are supported. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." Please issue a refund. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible Rom Eizenberg now chief revenue officer at. Kontakt io. Be sure to tweet them and ask them to ask him to return our money. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. Never recieved. Dirty scammers Another project. Never arrived. 6 years later I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @John Frueh: successful as in successfully scammed. I need my money back. I need my money back. I need my money back. September 3 2019... No product. No communication from project owner... Still waiting... Why does it say successful? Kickstarter is a joke, you can bet they got paid. haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. How is the development going? haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. When are these shipping?? Anyone remember the online chats Tom hosted. Telling us how hurt he was by our lack of trust and negative comments.... What an utter arsehole. If they were real men they would refund our money, a quarter of a million is chump change to Kickstarter. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @david smith it’s unfortunate that Kickstarter doesn’t do anything to prevent these things from happening. As long as they are paid their 10% cut, why do they care what happens?? I find this whole mess unbelievable. The "creator" effectively stole $249K from us. How is he/they any different than a common thief. At this amount a common thief would spend a decade in jail. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's terms of use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund of my pledge amount. I am sending a similar email via the website. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. ION bought out this from Catch Motion Inc..... They should live up to the commitments to the project backers. Michael, yep, Kickstarter is effectively a scammers paradise and as a backer you have zero protection or rights, utter disgrace. So basically we're shit out of luck. All these people copy+pasting the Kickstarter terms of use, are not getting anything out of this right? So out of curiosity, we have absolutely no recourse in this issue right? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's terms of use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund of my pledge amount. I am sending a similar email via the website. haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. did never received my stuff! whats wrong? I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. For what it's worth I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. You put that right Rich. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The following post contain languages that may be inappropriate for some readers. Caution is advised. Just to make sure everyone is up to date: 1. Ca7ch Lightbox is a total failure 2. Rom and company covertly make arrangements to sell off their IP and inventory to iON Camera 3. Rom post a cute but fully fraudulent project update (this one) tell us we'll be getting our rewards as a result of the acquisition. 4. Radio silence ensues. 5. I discover that Rom is hired by iON (imagine that). 6. I reach out to the CEO of iON who claims they iON have nothing to do with Ca7ch Motion. 7. Shortly thereafter, iON declares bankruptcy allowing them to fuck us as well. 8. iON emerges from bankruptcy and, behold, our Ca7ch Motion camera is rebranded and is being sold as if it were iON's development alone! <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount. RDFlowers Letter to HIDGlobal done.. And I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount LBrown Just sent this Dear Mr. Petrucci, Below is a cut and pasted email from Kickstarter where a number of us backed Rom’s Catch lightbox project. After numerous lies, us backers were left with no contact, no product we’d paid for, no apology. One could be forgiven for thinking that Rom was a fraudster. I would urge action around such a person who has no issue with deceiving people and not delivering on his promises. You can see the strength of feeling on Kickstarter just do a google search for: Rom Eizenberg Fraud Thanks Jonathon I recent became aware that a Mr. Rom Eizenberg has joined HID as Vice President of Global Sales. As someone who has a prior business relationship with Mr. Eizenberg, I must, in all good conscience, advise you of his despicable performance. Mr. Eizenberg created a project on Kickstarter called CA7CH Lightbox in which he purposely misled project backers that he had developed a working wearable camera (alternative to GoPro) that was in need of funds to scale-up to mass production. Through his misrepresentations, he raised just under $250k from 1,631 backers in 2014. Between mid-2014 and late-2015, he issued 33 project updates purporting to demonstrate progress and promising delivery dates, none of which, it turned out, would ever be true. In late 2015, and with no notification or compensation to backers, Mr. Eizenberg transferred all of CA7CH Lightbox’s cash and assets to iON Camera Worldwide, where it just so happened he assumed a Vice President position. Sadly for the principles at iON Camera, Mr. Eizenberg was apparently equally toxic, and iON Camera filed bankruptcy in June 2016. I strongly urge HID to exercise extreme caution when installing Mr. Eizenberg in any position of authority over product development and distribution, lest HID suffer a similar fate as the Kickstarter backers and iON Camera. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand an immediate full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Marco Janssen and others who want to send comments about Ram to his new employer, HID, please send them to HID's Media and Public Affairs Director at the following email address: <email> Let's try to get at least 100 emails but 500 would be awesome. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @rich. Which emailaddress did you sent it too!? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Here's the text of my email. PLEASE post a confirmation when you send them an email. I think we should aim for a minimum of 100 emails, but 500 would be awesome! Dear Mr. Petrucci, I recent became aware that a Mr. Rom Eizenberg has joined HID as Vice President of Global Sales. As someone who has a prior business relationship with Mr. Eizenberg, I must, in all good conscience, advise you of his despicable performance. Mr. Eizenberg created a project on Kickstarter called CA7CH Lightbox in which he purposely misled project backers that he had developed a working wearable camera (alternative to GoPro) that was in need of funds to scale-up to mass production. Through his misrepresentations, he raised just under $250k from 1,631 backers in 2014. Between mid-2014 and late-2015, he issued 33 project updates purporting to demonstrate progress and promising delivery dates, none of which, it turned out, would ever be true. In late 2015, and with no notification or compensation to backers, Mr. Eizenberg transferred all of CA7CH Lightbox’s cash and assets to iON Camera Worldwide, where it just so happened he assumed a Vice President position. Sadly for the principles at iON Camera, Mr. Eizenberg was apparently equally toxic, and iON Camera filed bankruptcy in June 2016. I strongly urge HID to exercise extreme caution when installing Mr. Eizenberg in any position of authority over product development and distribution, lest HID suffer a similar fate as the Kickstarter backers and iON Camera. Very truly yours, Hey Troops, Another backer on this project sent me a LinkedIn link to our "friend" Rom (<url>"stellar" experience with us, and recommend they keep a close eye on anything not nailed down. I know it won't make a difference to Rom's employment status at HID, but if we can send a barrage of emails to them, we might be able to at least cause him a little embarrassment at his new place of employment. Plus, at least in my case, it will feel good. :) I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Couple of quick question for the community of backers please: 1) has there been any response from the creators or Kickstarter regarding the backers demanding a refund under the former terms of Kickstarter? 2) did the people that pledged $35 ever receive their T-shirt? Thank you in advance I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Doubtful, worth a try though! The trail on Mr. Eizenberg and other folks that should be held accountable has run dry by now, I’m sure.. “Kickstarter is not responsible for loss.” There is another action cam that is ending in a few hrs. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @chris Lin thanks for the link to that article! Do we have a case here? Rom and his crew kind of just disappeared without giving us any closure. Hmmmm It really pisses me off That KickStarter says this was a success. They should be sued for false advertising. Never received mine!! I just visited this page after knowing another of my pledge - the greatest workout shirt ever was being sued by AG. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backers whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. They must be so proud of themselves, both the developer and Kickstarter. another project MIA huh 2 years since they took the money and ran. Funny Kickstarter calls this a success. I just love to come back here every few months and see people like me get pissed off and scammed by this.... I have already accepted my loss.... But I still see some people really get pissed with this... Well, I hope they find a way to get back this fucked up company called kickstarter.... I'm just waitig for some big hacker to just shut this whole thing down.... Rom Eizenberg should face legal charges over this. Who is waiting for an update? The fraudsters left the building some time ago. You'll not hear from Rom Eizenburg and his team of thieving bastards again. How about an update guys! We are all still waiting to hear from you. that is why i never again pledge on kickstarter... this website is helping people to scam. i pledge so many times before on kickstarter... but after this "NEVER" on kickstarter..... I will try following Rich Sustich to file the complaint.... It's been 3 years, I got nothing, nothing nothing......... Onwards! More like downwards. So is anyone bringing charges to this company? LISTEN UP GUYS. I filed a complaint with Kickstarter and of course got a bull shit response. So I decided to reply to their complaint response (see below). I ask that everyone start filing complaints at say a weekly interval to overload their support desks until the cry uncle. Fell free to cut and past any of my reply as you want. LET'S KEEP THE PRESSURE ON. Katherine, I think you may be missing the point.. In the case of Tiko 3-D printer, it appears that the creators grossly underestimated the cost of bringing their product to market, which all the backers were aware of. HOWEVER, they charged all the backers shipping and then pocketed the money. I don’t think that’s what Kickstarter really envisioned (or maybe you did). but in either case, you strongly need to improve your creator guidance to prohibit this practice AND weigh in as an advocate for backers when creators engage in prohibited actions. One of biggest issues backers of this project have is Kickstarter’s radio silence in stepping in. As for Ca7ch Motion and Freewavz, THEY COMMITTED FRAUD AND KICKSTARTER WAS LIKELY COMPLICIT. The creators of both of this projects presented working prototypes on their project pages. So either (a) Kickstarter did not even attempt to validate the status of these projects when they were approved, or (b) Kickstarter knew that the representation of working prototypes was fraudulent and Kickstarter chose not to enforce it’s creator rules on the creators. Neither situation is acceptable, and i can guarantee there are now about 2,000 potential backers who will never back another project as a result. While you might feel it embarrassing, I think you owe those 2,000 people a response on how these two disasters happened despite your rules. I am posting this thread on the pages for both Ca7ch and Freewavz along with a recommendation that all the defrauded backers reach out to you. -- Rich Sustich On July 5, 2017 at 11:51:50 AM, Kickstarter Support (<email>) wrote: Need to reply? Just write above this line. Your request has been updated. You can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jul 5, 12:49 PM EDT Hi there, Thank you for voicing your concerns. We expect all members of the Kickstarter community to act with honesty and openness. Our Community support and Integrity teams monitor Kickstarter's system and review reports received from users. Some actions taken may include: Reaching out to creators and reminding them post project updates as well as respond to backer messages Revoking account privileges, including the ability to run another campaign on Kickstarter, until rewards have been fulfilled or an update has been posted for backers Suspending or restricting account privileges if there is sufficient evidence of abuse against our system or trust of others. We track creators' fulfillment histories as comprehensively as possible - from snags to more serious complications - to help ensure creator accountability. We may adjust our policies based on feedback from backers and creators, and/or data aggregated across projects. While we can't speak to the nature of specific projects that have been approved or declined, we're constantly working on improving our vetting process for creators and we are grateful for the feedback that folks like you provide. Best, Katherine <email> Jun 29, 3:41 PM EDT I have no backed three projects (Ca7ch Motion, Tiko 3-D printer, and Freewavz), all of which have failed to deliver my pledge reward. Ca7ch Motion, after several years of string backers along, sold the project assets off to another company, pocketing the profits! Tiko completed their project and shipped to handful of backers then stopped production and have gone dormant. This one, Freewavz, may actually be worse than the other two. I backed this project because they claimed they had working prototypes already in use (they even had some Olympic level runners on the project page WITH THE PROTOTYPES IN THEIR EARS. Clearly THEY LIED to the the backers - no working prototypes ever existed. Now, 3 years later, they occasionally post a one-line "update" saying they'll post an actual update soon but never even follow through. They've also advised the backers that they have transferred their assets to another company VOXX to fulfill pre-sales, but backers are left SHIT OUT OF LUCK! I'm not sure how to do it, but Kickstarter really needs to enforce it's rules with regard to clearly fraudulent projects. You ship is taking on water, and unless you publicly do something about these fraudulent projects, the well is going to run dry not only for these criminals, but for legitimate projects. Yes, I've backed some projects that were successfully completed, but they are becoming non-existent. SAD!!! This email is a service from Kickstarter. [K6ED2G-W23Q] � Please refund me like the Kickstarter rules are providing please confirm refund i dont want to contact kickstarter regards Son of the **** where is my order si te engañan una vez, es su culpa. si te engañan dos, sera tuya. Por cosas asi, deje de confiar en el crowdfunding y en www.kickstarter.com Aldo deberian hacer para redimirse Doesn't it give you warm fuzzies to know that Kickstarter pocketed at least $13K (probably more) from this campaign and we've got nothing to show for it? No? Me neither. Well, lesson learned... Kickstarter and IGG are like scammers paradise. These guys just disappear without a word or apology... and KS is doing absolutely NOTHING. They should at least give us back a partial of the commission they received. I think the universe is trying to tell me something... cameras in this form factor just aren't meant to be. I backed the Memoto/Narrative Clip (bust), Ca7ch (you're reading this so say no more), and the 61N (got it but the app is rubbish and I can't update the firmware which is supposed to make the thing work properly). Note to self: do not back any more tiny, crowdfunded cameras. Madefauqers Hello... It's me... I did not receive a device til. At this moment, I think we are all fcked!!! Ladrones de mierda!!!! Just to let everybody know you are not getting your camera and you are not getting your money back. Ion camera bought there assets and then Ion camera filed for bankruptcy. There was a brief time we thought ION would step up and deliver a camera, then they went radio silent. I want my money back! Refund Refund Refund Does anyone know what is going on with this campaign? I had forgotten about it and then it showed up on my list to followup on.. I did not receive a device. I was getting emails about the development progress and those stopped too. Is it time for chargeback or kickstarter to starting refunding money?? When was the last comment from the creator? so does this mean that we got scammed AGAIN >>>???? Ha! Somewhere on this planet 3 guys sip away the last mojitos with the last of their earned kickstarter money (aka your money) Yes, you can pretty much assume that your investment is down the drain. So I guess are investments are gone then? Compared with Control VR, the fraud of this project is cheap. I am backing both. HAHAHA... :-( Kickstarters are getting more scam. 1st Zano. 2nd Ca7ch 3rd Znaps i am really getting fed up with kickstarter ... this is maybe the 3rd scam i get hit with !!!! Like 100+ more kickstarters these are also conmen� <url>"thats the end of the project" is not enough, any updates from the AG? If anyone believes this product will ever be finished, you might as well believe in Santa. Kickstarter is to blame for making these scams possible and not protecting us backers. They only want their fee and don't care what happens afterwards. Why not sue KS as well? Bad news: <url>’t be able to back this any longer. Thanks Wow... Nothing. Absolutely NOTHING! I've reached out to them and no one has returned my messages. Anyone have any luck getting their refund from Amazon? cricket cricket J - 1000% agree with you! Let's face it, as far as Rom and Rob (whose LinkedIn profile shows he's been working elsewhere since Feb so clearly not retained by ion) are concerned it's job done. I doubt we will hear from them again on here. I always remember Roms bleating in the 'chat' session about how hard it was when backers were criticising them and it hurt their feelings blah blah blah. What is wrong with people that they simply can't take responsibility for their actions and speak honestly when they've messed up? None of us want to lose money but we funded in good faith and most of us are big and ugly enough to take it on the chin if it doesn't work out, but all the bullshit and lack of integrity in letting backers know what is going on is just a disgrace. None of us are ever going to bump into Rom. None of us are going to sue Rom, so why not hold your hands up, admit the truth and be honest with the people who provided the money to give you a chance to make your dream a reality Rom? Grow some balls and integrity and let your backers know what has happened, it's your responsibility and the least you can do to be honest. Two years of them having my money and nothing ! Quit even sending updates . I want to be in on any law suit civil or criminal that anyone pursues . not good for the project creators to gone silent for 9 mths~ Ca7ch Lightbox and ZANO are just CON artist who hide behind a company to rip us off. Crowdsourcing=scammers-say goodbye to your hard earned cash. Never again. Cut their fucking balls off I know a class action attorney who might be interested in this, suing Kickstarter and or the supposed companies they supposedly help fund. Email me at <email> and I will forward all your info on to him. Lets get it started!!!! It's to bad that Amazon is partnering with Kickstarter. Kickstarter breeds scammers & now a retail outlet to 'buy' it on. Gave up on crowdsourcing, now Amazon ! To bad, as I liked Amazon. Common Rom we were such good friends on Facebook, All I said was your a POS. The Founders of Skully are being sued, Kickstarter needs to be sued along with Catch7 Lightripoff. Google the story about Skully, very similar to the way we got ripped off. any news with the AG? The sad thing about all of this is that Rom and his team don't have any balls to come out and just tell us they have failed. Instead they rather be known as scammers. Some people just don't have any pride. Where the hell is my stuff!!! I'm done with crowd source funding. There is little to no advantage to funding Kickstarter, indiegogo or other sites that continue to have that "take a chance" attitude with no remorse or considerations of the funders. Buy it when it comes out if it ever comes out. That is the only way to protect oneself. No one else will protect you. Its sad that a few (several 4 of 12) have failed for me. I dont like those odds. Rom is in NYC thinking of a new scam Where is the project starter go? I feel like it has been ages and the product is nowhere to be found. I want a refund. Maybe we should contact Roms wife to get some information about his well beeing? i am a backer of the potential failling KS-best workout shirt ever as well <url>#section4 <url>~ Rom needs to come out to address the issue~ it won't help by keeping silent! fck em fck em fck em fck emfck em fck emfck em fck emfck em fck em. Two years of them having my money and nothing ! Quit even sending updates . I want to be in on any law suit civil or criminal that anyone pursues . This is a huge problem . I doubt I will ever back another campaign . although I did back coolest cooler and DID get my cooler and am happy with it . Sorry I've been away for a bit and haven't checked in lately. I just sent out some complaint information to a number of Kickstarter backers in the US, GB, Singapore, Switzerland and Taiwan. We are getting some worldwide traction. I also received a confirmation from the Illinois State Attorney General that they have sent my complaint on to Ca7th Motion and to iON. Here's a link to the letter - for those filing additional complaints in the US, please include a copy in your complaint as it contains the Case Number for State Attorney General's to coordinate their actions. I just read Cris Lin's post about iON filing bankruptcy. While on it's face, it appears to be a death sentence for us, that may not be entirely true for two reasons: (1) based on iON's claims, they have severed their relationship with Ca7th Motion and that Ca7ch Motion remains as a separate entity. By going after both of them in our complaints, we might finally find out where the Ca7ch Motion folks are, and (2) our issue is not wholly a financial one. Based on what we get in response to the various Attorney's General notices, we might get enough information to possibly elevate this to a criminal complaint. Yeah, it won't get us dime, but it just might cause these bastards a little more pain. BTW, the way iON treated us, I would say bankruptcy is just karma. Everyone's money down the drain, no way to get any reimbursement now. ION Worldwide Inc., a maker of wearable digital recorders that competes with industry leader GoPro Inc., has filed for bankruptcy protection after seeing its revenue drop significantly last year. The New Jersey company has already reached a restructuring support agreement with one of its lenders, which would cut more than $15 million in debt from its balance sheet and allow iON to stay in business. ION Chief Financial Officer Chris Oatway said in court papers filed last week that the cash-starved company has been mired with problems, including disputes with one of its licensed brands and an intellectual-property lawsuit with GoPro. ION makes a line of wearable cameras in a variety of sizes, home-security products and dash cams, among other products, under the iON and Contour brands. ION saw its revenue drop to $12.4 million in 2015 from more than $25 million in 2014, Mr. Oatway said in court papers. The company sought to cut costs, and it laid off employees, but that wasn't enough to stave off bankruptcy. Litigation involving the company has also cut into iON's bottom line. The company filed a patent lawsuit against GoPro late last year. And though the lawsuit is "likely years from producing any result," the company will be incurring high legal costs, Mr. Oatway said in court papers. Contour LLC also sued iON earlier this year in a bid to get out of its licensing agreement. The two companies have since reached an agreement that allows iON to continue selling Contour products, according to court papers. ION expects to keep its business going and said in court papers that it will launch a new 4K camera by the end of the summer, which the company says will be priced to compete with GoPro. ION's debt load includes roughly $5.4 million in secured debt owed to supplier and manufacturer Skylight Holdings Ltd., which has agreed to provide a $1.5 million bankruptcy loan to the company. In addition, iON's debt includes a $4.6 million secured convertible promissory note and about $12.6 million in trade and other unsecured debt. ION also owes approximately $7.8 million to affiliate World Wide Licenses Ltd., which owns the trademarks and intellectual property related to iON's camera designs. World Wide isn't under bankruptcy protection. ION will seek permission to use its bankruptcy loan and pay employee wages at a hearing Tuesday in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del. --Lillian Rizzo Looks like we are all SOL <url>#341 Please count me in, I want to be added to this Fraud campaign. I, like everyone else backed Catch Lightbox back in June 2014. I have sent countless messages but never had the courtesy of a reply. This company gave stolen from us all, and I'm very angry. I am based in UK, so any info you can give me on where to start with this, would be gratefully received. Thanks Sally Guys, Sorry I've been a bit silent of late. But don't worry I been on vacation; not abandoning you like someone we know. I'm so glad so many of you have joined our fraud campaign. I've received numerous emails for information on how to file your complaints. For those who know where to file your complaints, and just need background materials, please see my May 20 post below. It includes Dropbox links for all the materials and of course, pleas feel free to use them. A number of folks have emailed me asking for help in finding the appropriate agency with whom to file your compliant. I will answer all your individual emails over the next few days. As a general rule, if you are located in the States, your individual State has an Attorney General whose office handles these consumer fraud complaints. For other countries,. I have done some research and have located consumer rights agencies in China and Singapore, and will work to find similar entities in you respective nations. As for current status, I have not yet heard back from the Illinois Attorney General's office but that is typical for Illinois. For those of you who may be following the news in the States, Illinois government has been operating without a budget for a year now, and with the level of vitriol between our Governor and House of Representatives, we might not have a budget for the coming fiscal year. One consequence of that is that State agencies across the board are reducing activities to a bare minimum. But I will continue to pursue our case here. Once again, thanks to all who have joined the fight. Lets face it guys, we've all been scammed. Not the first time I've been hoodwinked on Kickscammer but hopefully the last. No more backing from me. Lesson learnt. Any further progress on this? 'I'd appreciate' even, i mean, obviously a few hundred grand isn't important to the team but i want to get my grammar right. I'm happy to add my name. To be fair if appreciate this project just being closed so it ceases to bug me. Not sure about everyone else. I'm bugged by losing the cash but the 'it's still happening' and subsequent silence has been far worse Creators last logged in today, yet can't be arsed to give any sort of explanation to the backers who gave them a quarter of a million dollars. Scum. Backer #1732 did not receive anything yet Please dont correct my French, mothafocker took our money and ran. I filed a report but hear nothing back from state. If I see them on the street I will humiliate them and kick their asses. In honestly, I've totally forget about this. but today I received NarrativeClip2, and remembered why I ordered narrativeclip2. I’ve also sent a personal message via Facebook massager to: Rom Eizenberg <url>"liked" the picture just in case. I thought it was interesting. There are a lot of pictures taken in the last 5 months. Another response from Kickstarter: "Here at Kickstarter, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>��This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill.�� I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions." Best, K Hi Rich, i'm in too. Singapore. I bet he was trying to negotiate too aggressively without bringing much to ion and the end goal fell through in which time he was happily used up all our money for non development or product usage. I believe he had planned on doing so from the beginning of this campaign Rich - I did not realize Ca7ch sold to them, I thought they simply absorbed Ca7ch to help them attempt to complete the project. Thank you for clarifying. "We will continue to update from the ground as waypoints are met and progress " How about updating us on the latest waypoint with your great deal with ion? Gary, you got defrauded. Count me in rich. I'll do what I can to help ouy Does anyone know what is going on with this campaign? I had forgotten about it and then it showed up on my list to followup on.. I did not receive a device. I was getting emails about the development progress and those stopped too. Is it time for chargeback or kickstarter to starting refunding money?? Anybody else in CA who has written to our AG Kamala Harris regarding this campaign?? Dear Eric Thank you for your inquiry regarding Ca7ch. We are writing to let you know that iON Camera has no further involvement with Catch Motion Inc. The Motion Lightbox camera technology and CATCH app developed by CATCH Motion Inc. is wholly managed by CATCH Motion Inc. To the best of our knowledge the Ca7ch contact information has not changed.  Rom Eizenberg, CEO  Web: <url> Rom Eizenberg, CEO  Web: <url>"Mr. Eizenberg has falsely reported that he is the executive of Ca7ch Motion, Inc. In reality he created that company to bilk 1,600+ Kickstarter backers out of $250,000. By his own admission, the company no longer exists, but more importantly, it will soon be the subject of hundreds of fraud complaints to the State Attorneys General across the United States. In light of that, Linked In may wish to remove this user from public view as Linked In may be brought into the fray for (now) knowingly supporting his actions." This is what ION sent me Dear Jason Thank you for your inquiry regarding Ca7ch. We are writing to let you know that iON Camera has no further involvement with Catch Motion Inc. The Motion Lightbox camera technology and CATCH app developed by CATCH Motion Inc. is wholly managed by CATCH Motion Inc. To the best of our knowledge the Ca7ch contact information has not changed.  Rom Eizenberg, CEO IT'S TIME!!! We need EVERYONE to file consumer fraud complaints with the State Attorneys General or whatever organization in your country handles such matters. To that end, below are links to all the documents I prepared and submitted to the Illinois Attorney General with my complaint. These should be sufficient background for your complaint. It's important that each of us make it clear there will be 1,600 complainants/plaintiffs from around the world and that whatever organization takes the lead in representing the class gets all the glory. (Politicians like that) <url>"contact" is just so they can keep us on the hook so to speak! This whole experience has been a joke What a lame letter from ion. It's been months. We're talking about a multi million dollar company and a thousand or so units, it ain't rocket science, they're just fobbing us off. Hey guys, I only check in on the posts every now & then.. good to hear you guys are fighting the good fight. Have sent some messages to iON but have had no replies.. will keep checking back.. Thank you Lawrence for taking time to have communications with Mr Giovanni on behalf of all of us as well. Hopefully we can get replies from them soon. The tech is getting outdated as time goes by. It seems the patient has a pulse. I have no problem giving them some time to work out a solution acceptable to all of us. When I filed my complaint with the Illinois Attorney General's Office, their confirmation reply indicated it will be several weeks before they reach out to me. I'll just leave it on file and hopefully be able withdraw it as the matter will have been successfully resolved. and let's give them the chance and let us move forward when we receive a favourable reply from them. and look forward rather than backwards~ many thanks Rich and lawrence and all. i would say that thanks to you guys, seems that there are some progress. they should have communicated earlier but lets wait till end of the week to decide. hoping for the best! Dated May 9, 2016 Hi Lawrence, We were supposed to sort out the situation with Catch late last week but it did not get it finalized.. We will have an announcement to make about it on Wed/Thu this week. Please excuse me for the continued delay but it has been a very difficult time for our company. Regards Giovanni. Giovanni Tomaselli CEO – iON Worldwide, Inc. ------------------ I've left numerous posts on the ION Facebook page, some seem to have gone missing.. It's like they filter posts whilst not taking a single moment to reply to them. All the while they sit back dealing with the "trying times" that KARMA has presented to them. Granted, the majority of the people involved in the company are guilty of nothing more than doing their jobs, collateral damage as it were. Dated April 22, 2016 Hello Lawrence, You do have to excuse our silence. I founded the company over 20 years ago and have been designing cameras since 1999 so please be sure that we have a real business. The whole interaction with Catch has been challenging and we are trying to resolve the best way forward that will be the best for all concerned including you and your fellow Kickstarter investors. Please take the silence as nothing more than iON trying to figure out how to resolve the issues. I am aiming to have a solution before the end of April and as soon as we do, I will reach back out. Of course, you are welcomed to reach out to me at any time. Best Regards Giovanni. Giovanni Tomaselli no reasons for the delay and lack of communications! thanks guys.. hopefully your actions will get ion moving To the best of my knowledge, nobody has received a thing Hey everyone, I also was a backer, even though I haven't received anything, has anyone else here receive anything? I'll post tonight. Here's another strategy guys. For those who don't want to file consumer fraud complaints with law enforcement. but would rather (hopefully) contact the news media, I can send you a copy of my email I sent to the CBS Television News affiliate in Chicago as a follow-up to their story I referenced in my post 2 days ago. Once again, my email address is <email> Hey guys, I've come up with another idea. Let's all go onto the iON Facebook page and post replies to all the lucky folks who actually had successful transactions with iON, as in the got cameras. Maybe clogging their FB page with comments might get their attention. Head on over to their FB page and check out some of the comments I've already started posting. Lawrence, please post your communications with Giovanni, and others should be doing the same. As to the consumer fraud complaint campaign to each of our State Attorney's General, I can't believe that of more than 1,600 backers, only 5 have stepped up to the plate and joined the campaign, If everyone really, truly wanted to see some kind of action regarding the fleecing we've taken, the tremendous lack of response and action baffles me. If it sounds like I'm trying to guilt all you guys for not filing complaints, you are absolutely correct! Again, I have all the materials prepared for you. Simply send me an email at <email> and I'll send them post haste. Wondering to self... Should I post my communications with Giovanni from ION? Jason, it's unbelievable, absolutely zero support for backers. If people have been through this sort of experience and still want to crowdfund, then they need to give their heads a shake! @J yes I did. John, what sort of message did you send via Facebook massager!!!!!! Jason, I get same mails from KS, did you explain how they've been bought out and that ION should be liable? I just received message from Kickstarter " Hi there Jason, Travis here with Kickstarter support--thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We've reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. Our goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Travis" I’ve also sent a personal message via Facebook massager to: Rom Eizenberg <url>"take a chance" attitude with no remorse or considerations of the funders. Buy it when it comes out if it ever comes out. That is the only way to protect oneself. No one else will protect you. Its sad that a few (several 4 of 12) have failed for me. I dont like those odds. Hello everyone interested in a class action agains these firms. We have gotten a very large number of emails about this and thank you for responding. Give us time to get in contact with everyone. We will be informing you about the legal offices we are engaging. PER PRIOR COMMENT: Hello CA7CH Lightbox Backers. I and a few backers are considering a class-action suit against this organization. If interested in joining - please contact me at <email> CA7CH Lightbox website is gone. Are we really victim of fraud? I can't believe it. How can I refund this? Hello CA7CH Lightbox Backers. I and a few backers are considering a class-action suit against this organization. If interested in joining - please contact me at <email> SnapCam LE, much closer to the Ca7ch: <url>"F-Off" not a peep. Maybe they all like the Scam Artist Moniker. The whole reason why kickstarter themselves are not responding or reacting is because that is bad for business. Future wannabe entrepreneurs would hold off and not start a new project if they were not 101% sure about their project and risk legal action. Exactly!! Sorry, perhaps it was a bad joke... My apologies. I'm just so fed up with Ca7ch and ION, what a bunch of scam artists! All I have to say is "you reap what you sow." Do I wish them ill, no... I just pray for them to have the courage to stand up and admit they failed us and move on. I'd have (a little) more respect if they did that rather than hide from us all. @Lawrence - what did you get in the mail today? There's nothing in your comment... Well Well Well..... Surprise to find this in the mail today: I'm a bit disappointed in the video quality though. it is frustrating, but at least it is being accquired by ion- a big coy which i hope has more responsibility than afew entrepuner wannabe "Production of your camera and shipment to backers: 15 April " Cheeky buggers never mentioned which year...... ION has acquired CA7CH that contains this project . And there are sufficient funds in their company . They are obliged to determine the continuation or refund project . We should go to the the media to get this story out like the way Coolest story is going out. There is a pretty good story here since a big company like iON acquired Ca7CH. I mean on the plus side, we're not being asked to pay for what we've backed, could be worse. <url>¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Actually I take that back there are no positives I think that KS response is nothing but a form/generated letter, it looks eerily familiar to one I received after my Ca7ch report.. Response from kickstarter was predictable: "Hi there, Thank you for following up with us about the status of this project. I’m sorry you’ve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so — it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised." Kickstarter help for the fraudsters will always perfectly performed. They will always ignore the report of Backer. But the case that they help Backer I have never seen . As a result, many of the project owner is arrogant to Backer of Kickstarter. And, they are willing to abscond the money at any time . I am impressed that many of the project owner of indiegogo is sincere . But it should be common . Well kickstarter got their cut, what else do you want them to do? Help us? lol Man, we are all just suckers. I imagine that when the deal was done, both parties worked out how they could legally avoid having to deliver anything to backers so that ion could claim no responsibility. I've backed some lemons on Kickstarter but this is the worst, and for Kickstarter to wipe their hands of it is a disgrace. For what it's worth I dropped kickstarter a message as well, I'm sure you've all probably done the same but figured it couldn't hurt. I would be blown away if anybody gets any sort of meaningful reply to the emails or messenger contacts.. Good Luck! Ca7ch took the money and ran.. ION was just a cover, I wouldn't be surprised if they were all in this together. I’ve also sent a personal message via Facebook massager to: Rom Eizenberg <url>“iON Camera” after they got a quarter million dollars, without delivering anything to the backers. I think we all need to shift our focus on Ion and need to go after them. They bought the IP funded by us and brought it to market. Is there no lawyers among the backers that can actually take the lead here? Honestly there should be some kind of legal action taken when someone steals a quarter of a million dollars. Hey Djarn, I rolled over my magic 8-ball and it said, All signs say YES. I'll bet they are laughing their arses off. I hope I run into one of them someday. is this project just a big scam? @magestik; The same reason a criminal returns to the scene of his crime. Watching to see how things unfold to hone his ability for future actions. @magestik: he really feels sorry for us. Truly! Why the fuck does the creator keep loging in on KS ? Hollow, hollow words: Catch Motion Inc. on October 25 Mike, we plan to deliver on everything we promised. Catch Motion Inc. on October 24 @Ed, yes definitely joining in. iON has great plans for the future and we love being part of them. They runs a well oiled machine for building and distributing amazing products (personally speaking, I always loved the slickness of the Contour cameras over the GoPro's). That lets us focus on building great products and digital experiences in the wearable space. -rom. Catch Motion Inc. on October 23 VHF, you are getting the camera you backed for sure! Catch Motion Inc. on October 23 Hi Lawrence, one of the first things we'll do is to connect the snapcam to the CA7CH app and cloud. Its a cool product and the guys at ion are working days and nights to make it better. its going to be awesome. /rom. Catch Motion Inc. on October 23 Joe, iON's head office in Hong Kong is already working with the factory and we expect to receive a schedule from them in the next couple of weeks. We will be updating regularly on progress and I plan to continue reaching out to you guys for product advice. What is going on. We demand answers !! Think about it guys, Kickstarter got their 5% cut, you think they gonna give a damn about us now. Doesn't matter if the project fails or succeeds... They got their 12k cut. Best scam ever! I've written to Kickstarter about a couple of woeful projects in here. They completely wash their hands of it. Creators know that they can get funds with their backers having no recourse to fund recovery unless they have a sympathetic card provider and even then it's the card providers customers who find your refund not the creator or Kickstarter. It's all well and good talking about risk but it's clear that creators are lying about the readiness of their project, lying about their capabilities and lying about their project plans/schedules. It's clear that there is no governance from Kickstarter, it's like a shop being prepared to sell stolen goods. I loved the concept of Kickstarter but will not back another project here and I'm sure I'm not alone. Thieving, lying fuckers like Rom (apologies for focussing on his good points) ruin this platform for the genuine creators out there. You know, the ones who don't hide behind bullshit chats, the ones who don't tell you about all these deals on the table and how it's all about to happen and then fuck off once they have made money on their shares and leave you high and dry. Rom you should take a long hard look in the mirror and have a word with yourself, you're a disgrace. I live in WA state. I will gladly contribute to a class action lawsuit The more I think about this issue, the more angry I get about Kickstarter. How can they simply shred all responsibilities when they should be more concerned than us because these scammers are ruining their reputation. Alan Lau - it's not arsholes; that's way too complimentary. I'm sure you meant fucking assholes but were trying to be respectful and considerate. Personally I think we're way beyond that point. What the fuck are they gonna do? Take our backers' rewards away from us? Here's an idea - why not start a Kickstarter campaign to fund a book documenting how Ca7ch Motion defrauded their backers and how Kickstarter was complicit in not doing their due diligence or enforcing their rules? Maybe it could become a best seller or maybe some attorney might read it and start drooling over a possible class action suit? I hold Kickstarter to blame because they allow these arseholes to use their platform to scam us even though KS was happy to take their share of our money but not willing to step in to help. This makes them as guilty as these scumbags! Give me my money back! Lawsuit? Fucking take our money ,create another project sell again cheating more money! Is that he third project offered in Kickstarter where I have been stolen my money.... Is there a kind of Class Action to join to have these guys take their responsability ? Fucking Thieves. Complete updating mechanical and electrical designs per factory requirements: December 15th. (this is called DFM or design for manufacturing). Mass production tooling manufacturing: January 30th DVT1 production run: 31 January DVT 2 (if/as needed) production run: 15 March Production of your camera and shipment to backers: 15 April We will continue to update from the ground as waypoints are met and progress continues. --------- With no updates at all since this promise, one can only assume that no waypoints have been met and no progress made then. I would suggest keep posting on their Facebook page: <url>"Just shut up" Rich, I'm in for contributing $ for litigation. Catch told us all was progressing cameras would be shipped April 15. Don't know why that is so hard for ion to confirm, unless it wasn't true of course. Derek, Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner but I have a really hard time looking at this debacle on a daily basis. Any, here's link to the lawsuit story. It was in Washington state. <url>幹你娘的，簡直是合法的騙局！ Stop support Kickstarter, many project are not deliver, no control system from Kickstarter no secure for the supporter Any update about this project? Thanks Another scam we are victim of. I have stopped backing projects. It hurts. gan lien nian Hello Rich, I read your comments on the Ca7Ch backers board below. As a fellow backer, I too am frustrated and feel defrauded. You mention a lawsuit currently in progress involving another campaign. I wondered if you could post or forward that information. It may be in our (backers) interest to contact the plaintiff's council in that case to see if they would consider our situation for a class action suit. Regards Took our funds, developed product, rebranded product now for sale! Never delivered product to backers. The scam that Ca7ch has perpetrated on us is why I will never back another Kickstarter project. Hey Kickstarter! Where's the oversight? Its all a scam, as well as Kickstarter, @Rich Sustich Your communication with Stacy seems eerily similar to my communication with iON.. The communication started out hopeful only to take a bad turn! Good Luck to all of us that have been victimized by Rom and now possibly even iON. From the ion camera Facebook and the web site <url>"shortly"), I posted the following message to the ongoing chat, my hoping that I can get a back-channel response that I can then share with everyone. Stacey, it's now been 3 weeks since you advised me (on 2/18/16) that you would provide me with an update on the Ca7ch Motion debacle during the following week. So by my math, we are now 2 weeks overdue on the update. So I'll ask again when/if I and the other Ca7ch Motion Kickstarter backers will hear anything. I hope you have some modicum of appreciation for our frustration with this whole affair, including the complete disappearance of the project creator and his apparent sale of the project assets to iON with his pocketing the "profits" out from under his Kickstarter obligations. Again any news would be helpful. Kickstarter is a scam Just so you all know, creator logged in here yesterday. @ed: it is still here. <url>’m sorry you’ve been experiencing these issues with communication. We've reached out to the creator with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, and have forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so — it's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete the project as promised. Backing a project on Kickstarter is an expression of trust and can help lead to the creation of new and exciting things. But it’s important to remember that sometimes complications arise that might prevent a project from unfolding as planned — or from happening at all. This certainly isn’t ideal, but we hope that creators and backers will try to communicate with each other through these developments. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Best, Gary Here's my comment in response dated 2/13: Gary, Thanks for getting back to me on this. I sincerely hope you were able to locate the creator since all record of him and his website have disappeared from the internet. We’re all aware that backing a project involves a certain amount of risk and I have backed a number of other projects some of which never achieved full funding, and others that have exceeded their anticipated delivery date by more than a full year. I am a patient person and I have no problem allowing a project to take it’s course as long as there is progress towards its completion and the creator still exists. The issue with Ca7ch Motion is, I hope, unique among Kickstarter projects. To recap, they raised nearly $250k from 1,600 backers who were presented with what was purported to be a working prototype of their camera. To bolster backer confidence that the thing actually existed, they even created a website where unwitting customers could pre-order the non-existent product. While I understand that Kickstarter has no real control over creators once a project moves forward (despite what is actually included in your creator rules), I think it might be time to require creators to disclose the stage at which their product is at the time of solicitation. But the troubling part about Ca7ch Motion is that they used backers’ funding simply to make a profit. They manufactured certain real physical products and then instead of fulfilling their backers’ awards, they sold the products to another party, apparently pocketing the profit. While all backers know (or at least should know) that Kickstarter itself does not provide refunds, that was never the intent of my prior comments. My goal was to bring the Ca7ch Motion affair to your attention so that you might seriously consider how you can improve your vetting process to weed out the Ca7th Motions of the world. As I’m certain you know by now, there is at least one (and likely to be other) lawsuit making it’s way through the courts over a creator whose damage to his/her backers is far less than what happened here. I would hope that you take the specter of additional lawsuits over Kickstarter or other crowd-funded projects as sufficient cause to tighten things up and to let the backer community as a whole know that you are aware of these abuses, as it would be a shame that future worthy projects could not achieve funding because backers have become untrusting of crowd-funding vehicles like Kickstarter. Thanks again for getting back to me, Rich Go over to iON Camera's Facebook page and you can start a chat. You'll get an auto reply with directions on how to get the service. It then says if your question is not service related, they'y will try to respond within 48 hours. I started a chat on 2/5 and since there was complete radio silence, I posted a second request on 2/13. On 2/16, I received the following reply: Hi Rich, Sorry for the delay in responding. Thank you for your patience. I have contacted head office and have been told we will know more next week. I will keep you updated as and when there are any new developments. Kind Regards Stacey iON Team I suggest everyone go to their Facebook page and start a chat. Maybe the shear volume of chats will overwhelm them, forcing them to actually do something quickly for us. Hi Catch Motion Inc. , I'm requesting that you refund my pledge as it seems at this point that you cannot fulfill it, or are unwilling to. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Terms of use are here: <url>"Hello David, I do apologize for the silence.. We have struggled with the Catch Acquisition.. We will be sending an update as iON in the coming weeks." I said I would really like to get my reward, or a SnapCam in its place. If this is not possible then admit failure and list the reasons why. Then we can all move on. Contacted them via Facebook messenger. Done! Tweeting this guy. report this project, the link is at the bottom of the Campaign Page. David, roms set up a new Facebook page see Giovannis friends Giovanni Tomaselli <url>"iON is a leader in the emerging wearable connected camera business. The acquisition of the CATCH technology -- which includes the industry's most advanced platform of its kind -- is a critical step toward our goal of innovating in the wearable, live-streaming camera space with an amazing user experience that allows you to easily shoot and share your adventures, hands free," said Giovanni Tomaselli, CEO, iON Camera. iON Camera will be integrating the Lightbox camera technology and CATCH app into its own line of wearables, which currently includes the SnapCam and SnapCam Lite cameras. CATCH Motion CEO Rom Eizenberg will serve as VP, head of wearables, for iON Camera, overseeing the development of wearable cameras. "The CATCH Motion team was founded with a vision to re-imagine how we 'catch' and share our daily experiences. We wanted to help people bridge distance with photos and videos, allowing them to capture, store and share their everyday experiences," said Eizenberg. "Today, I am thrilled to be working with Giovanni and the iON team, which shares our vision, and provides the expertise in engineering and manufacturing necessary to bring this vision to life." Earlier this year, iON Camera merged with Contour, to extend its offerings into the high-end of the action camera market. About iON Camera: iON Camera pioneered the concept of Shoot/Share™ connectivity in point-of-view (POV) cameras with its aerodynamic and fully-waterproof Air Pro, Speed Pro, CamoCam and The Game lines, iON the Home system, and iON SnapCam. iON cameras make it easy to capture and share high-definition video and still images, with Wi-Fi connectivity and free cloud storage. If you have not done so already, report this project, the link is at the bottom of the Campaign Page. I contacted iOn and told them to send me a SnapCam in place of the Crap7CH. No response. Has anyone contacted iOn Camera to find out if they will provide product to Kickstarter backers? ------ I did, but had no response. Has anyone contacted iOn Camera to find out if they will provide product to Kickstarter backers? With the lack of update, content, or any situational relevance, I believe rom tried to abide his time with his new job and ran out on any obligations in KS. Through the ZANO failed campaign has shown, we as backers are considered as "donators" and have no claim to anything. Sadly to say he has put us through the loop to keep whatever money is owed passed the refund time so we cannot go after him anymore... So I emailed <email> as outlined in their last update...to find that the email address and domain no longer exist. This is vapour my friends, vapour. Got my Narrative clip2 today. Nice device. this scam shall be manage by kickstarter itself. if kickstarter leave us behind, then i hope everyone see the darkside of kickstarter. @Rich S. I dunno what I did or said... I just contacted ION via Facebook Messenger and they responded with the "offer." I'll keep folks updated "as certain waypoints are met!" � Nov 27 "We will continue to update from the ground as waypoints are met and progress continues." More than 2 months later, naff all.... And everyone, get over it. WE GOT SCAMMED. That's why I've given up on this project....Time to move forward, not dwelling on Rom's scamming techniques. Scammers reinvent themselves, it's perpetual & never ending. It's what they do. Yocam is now on indiegogo. You can still see them on this site, but it appears they played out their time here. Getting that old sinking feeling again.... Lawrence, how did you get a reply from iON. I've send them many emails and have heard nothing, not even a simple acknowledgement that any of us exit. So if the Snapcam retails for $150. Considering the Catch camera and extra battery combined were $148, I'll probably take the deal and call it a day. (If I can figure out how to get to them to respond.) Assuming we all got scammed on this project, I have found two other devices. Each are unique & are a bit different from each other, but offer varying degrees of what ca7ch promised. 1) Theta360.com another address for them is us.ricoh-imaging.com. Two models, the S is $50 more but appears to be worth it. 2) Yocam BEWARE OF THIS ONE AS IT IS ON THIS SITE. With that said, it appears to be a superior product, promising March 16 delivery......Being beyond skeptical of anything Kickstarter, I'm giving this one a try. Not all whom try are scammers, however scammers use crowd source funding. Tempting... I'll have to see about the extra battery first.. Hi Catch Motion inc., I'm requesting that you refund my pledge as it seems at this point that you cannot fulfill it, or are unwilling to. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Terms of use are here: <url>"buyer beware" really applies to any crowdfunding project. But like I said, this isn't the same as most failed projects (I've backed a few in my time); it's the fact there are physical assets that had value that distinguishes this case. But sending them a barb now and then really takes no time at all, and provides a "paper trail," if you will, should I or someone gets a State Attorney General to take on a consumer fraud case. As for due diligence, I agree iON's attorneys certainly would have done so prior to the acquisition of assets. But who knows, maybe there is an opportunity here to create new case law relevant to these crowdfunding cases? In the end, it's all just good fun for me. Hi Rich, I understand that you want to get a return for your money I just don't believe that badgering Ion, a company wholly independent from Catch Motion, is the correct thing to do. Ion hasn't screwed us over, they haven't made or broken any promises to us, all they've done is acquire the IP from a failed company. It's not fair on them to tarnish them because of Rom's apparent incompetence. I also don't believe that in a court of law you could prove that Ion was in anyway complicit with the negligence that catch motion might have been subject to. I would image that as part of the aquitition of assets Ion's due diligence process would have ensured that there was sufficient clear water between them and any probable law suits. I'm not giving up with a whimper, I just have better things to do with my life than keeping turning over the stones on a gamble that I placed and lost on. At some point the principle just gets lost. With respect to points that other people have raised. Kickstarter is not responsible, legally in any case, for projects that are floated on their site. As "investors" in a product the resonsibilty to undertaking due dillegence is ours. The old adage of "buyer be ware" could have been coined for Kickstarter. Almost everything on this site is a high risk gamble. Ion don't respond either, system is a complete joke. Hey guys, I just saw this link posted on the Kickstarter page for another likely failed project, FreeWavz. While the litigation in the story was over a board game (not a camera or earphones or some other technology), the principles apply. Most significantly, Rom misled backers (and potential purchasers (pre-orders)) by displaying what appeared to be a completed product that merely needed backing to get to market. (The same with the FreeWavz earphones.) I'm going to look into this and check with some attorneys whether this might be worth a shot at the State Attorneys Generals level. They are politicos who are always looking for a good consumer protection case. BTW, since iON acquired the Ca7ch assets, it shouldn't be to big a leap to name them as a defendant/successor. Think we might get a response then???? <url>"I’m excited to announce that the assets of CA7CH have been acquired by iON Camera and will become part of iON’s Lifestyle & Wearable business group. ***** Most importantly, this asset acquisition by iON will enable CA7CH to reward your faith in us by building an awesome product and sending you the rewards we committed to deliver for backing us. It remains CA7CH’s direct obligation to you and we now have the resources to make that happen as soon as possible." So to recap: (a) iON publicly asserts they have acquired the Ca7ch assets. (b) Rom asserts in Update 32 that (a) will allow them to fulfill their obligations to us. As I indicated some time ago, iON appears to be an actual company, not a ghost like Ca7ch. They already have products on the market and they have a customer base. I'm admittedly no business executive, but even I can see that if we Kickstarter backers reach a certain critical mass (which I don't actually know), it might be in iON's interest to respond to us, even if it just to flick us off. With all we have invested in money and time, personally, I would rather have that than to whimper and walk away. But hey, that's just me. I guess we never hear from Rom again. Empty promises about updates. A "I am sorry we failed" would do. And the stage called kickstarter fails too. Second project fails. Losing over 300+ dollar without a word that things didn't work out. These guys at kickstarter aren't in controle of the obligations projectteams have here. Failing failing failing You still owe me a camera and battery, Rom. The least you could do is post a fucking update, you damn crook. Zero news about ca7ch on ion website: <url>’s assets and more importantly that you acknowledge the existence of the 1,600+ Kickstarter backers that put up nearly a quarter of a million dollars to support Ca7th. I have shared both my inquiries and your non-substantive replies with the 1,600+ Kickstarter supporters and they are needless to say equally, or even more disgusted with iON’s failure to acknowledge our existence. We had come to expect Ca7ch to behave in such an irresponsible manner but quite frankly, had hoped iON would be more responsive. Alas, it seems iON has sunken to, or even surpassed Ca7th in terms of non-responsiveness. The Kickstarter backers are right now on the verge of telling their story, including iON's utter lack of response, to the public; an act that probably won't portray iON in the most positive light. I'm not certain how long I might be able to hold them off, so I suggest it to be in iON's best interests to saying something/anything to them. Still hoping for a reply..... PLEASE everyone send them an email. I think it's time they really know where we stand. So here's the text of an email I sent to iON back in November as well as their auto-reply receipt email.. (info@ion-america.com) They never even responded. Maybe we should all fire a salvo at iON. It certainly can't hurt. Dear Richard, We have received your email and we have passed it along to the appropriate team within iON to respond to you as quickly as possible. Our customer service department does not have any further details at the moment on the Ca7ch fulfillment/integration. Regards, iON Consumer Care From: Richard Sustich [mailto:<email>] Sent: Saturday, November 21, 2015 12:56 AM To: info@ion-america.com Subject: Fulfillment to Ca7ch Kickstarter Backers Importance: High I AM WRITING TO YOU AGAIN SINCE YOU NEVER RESPONDED TO MY PREVIOUS EMAIL NOR DID YOU PROVIDE ANY STATUS TO the 1,600 plus Kickstarter backers who provided almost a quarter of a million dollars to the Ca7ch campaign. Through a recent press release (<url>’S STARTING SO SMELL THAT WAY. Still attempting to thank you in advance, From ca7ch 2 months ago: "Creator Catch Motion Inc. on November 27 Hi All @ Happy Thanks Giving! Yes, its took some time and us like you, we are all impatient to see this through. Back from Hong Kong, we will be sending an email update to backers briefly - here is the bottom line: We expect to ship product to you on tax day - April 15th. If you are a backer - a more detailed email will be shared with you shortly." 2 months later, still no email. Rom Eizenberg why on earth can't you ever do what you promise? @William. You're greatly right ! And everybody can see it on this people FB page. Great scammers ! They are drinking champagne bought with our money, on a boat somewhere, laughing about us. I can tell one thing for sure, it was the best scam that I ever seen in my whole life ! Thanks for the money and good by ! That's all folks !!!!! @Marco J, I'm hoping CA7CH was truly aquired and Ion told them to take their personal website down. @Creator, It didn't improve the trust level by finding out through back channels. Still nothing I can find on the iON USA website. I don't understand why people keep investing in these kickstarter (technology) projects. It's like we want to get scammed. Always the same excuses and only delays. Did you guys tried <url>"SnapCam," is that something that we will be expecting if we're going to get anything at all? lol wow my comments out of all of them are getting banned how in the world marco i just pissed myself with your link to what the product now looks like lol Any good resolutions for 2016, Rom?? Any good resolutions for 2016, Rom? J's comment below is the truth, he used our money to promote himself. What's the deal with that? These guys really suckered a lot of people. Last login was Nov 27; a month ago! Another hand of sand thrown in our eyes. Is the deal with iOn Snap real? No bad news either. They will keep that for 2017. No updates No updates! Merry Christmas guys! Same people, same old habits! Why are people complaining about the fact they haven't received any product yet? It;s only a couple of years since they backed this project which is going to look nothing like what they originally backed. the most important thing is that Rom secured himself a new job with the company that acquired ca7ch. We should be thankful that Rom and his family are doing ok and that they gave us the wonderful chat facility this year. What a guy. Guys what the heck is happening with this project??????? Creator, please update. Have you finished DFM? Has you started injection tooling and IC masking? When managing a project, good news is better than bad news, and bad news is much much better than no news! Great Update Marco! Gee, I can't wait.... @henryTan: [monthly update December] - you are still fucked. Better luck in January Where's our monthly update? BTW, DFM should be finished today per your schedule. Creator, can we have an update before X'mas? 15 days without a word William seen from the creator's point of view about the definition of short,quick and on time, you can wait a while longer. Refund please for the cam AND battery. What happened with the "more detailed email will be shared with you shortly."?? I don't see why refund isn't a possibility. In fact this was discussed with the creators when the redesign first came out. You won't get a refund, at best you'll get an Ion based camera at worst you've lost your money. Deal with it. When you gamble you sometimes lose. Kickstarter projects are always a gamble. This project has been a huge joke now. I have emailed the creator several time about a possible refund but haven't heard anything. Unbelievable what a waste! the re-design link posted below is meant as a joke, and stupid enough for anyone below my comment (and potentially above) to believe its real Nope. I don't want to see the ugly redesigned product that I never backed. Send me a refund or nothing. Another solid 4 mths of waiting. Wonder this time will the other company go bankrupt like them New design light box announced <url>"no" - move on. KS is not a store! If you cannot risk the product not coming to market and you losing your $$$ then its simple do not back! Russell, My reference to the backers as "investors" is unique to the Ca7ch situation. Yes, I have backed one or two Kickstarter projects that went bust. That is the money ran out and the Creators had no product or inventory to show for it. But Ca7ch is a bit different. In their case, they had tangible assets that were acquired by iON. The value of those assets and what iON provided in exchange for those assets (money, employment, etc.) is not know publicly, but one could make the case that backers were entitled to at least a portion of those tangible assets. Personally, I think the cost of litigating the issue would far outweigh whatever one could get in return, and I would caution any of us backers to stay clear of that path. All that being said, I see the news as extremely uplifting. iON has been around for some time and has successful products in the marketplace. The fact that this update gives us a specific timeline for fulfillment is the best news we've seen in a long time. Even if they become delayed for technical issues, I don't see iON going under nor would they really desire the potential negative publicity that might result from their treating us in the same manner as Ca7ch did. I would think at a minimum, if the entire project went bust, they would likely consider replacing the Ca7ch product with one of their own as the Kickstarter fulfillment and call it a day. Either way, i'm confident we will see movement and we will receive something for our backing. I do wish people wouldn't keep asking that question. There is no refund. Not now, not next week, not anytime! The money has gone. So please stop asking, it's getting quite tiresome. And I don't believe that we are investors, we acquired no rights to the company, it's assets or its debts. Aren't we just speculative purchasers of a product we hoped would be produced but for which we had no guarantees? Projects on Kickstarter always carry a risk but isn't that why we do it, to be early adopters or to get products that hopefully few other people have? If you don't like risk I suggest that you go to Bestbuys or PCWorld. How do I get a refund? I've written and commented and you aren't responding. I really loved the "in case you are interested in the process", showing you guys didn't read anything here. This has all Zano over it This will be my 5th disaster in a short time So here's latest salvo: Thank you for responding to my inquiry. To be brutally honest, I would never have in the least expected the Customer Service Department to have any knowledge regarding the Ca7ch fulfillment/integration. After all, you are Customer Care. But then again, we are not Customers, we are Investors. I will of course continue to wait for a detailed response from the appropriate team, but in the interim, you guys really, really, really should do something/anything to let the Kickstarter backers know that you’re aware of their existence. There are lots of impatient to angry folks over there…… I’m just sayin' So here's their response. Underwhelmingly generic. I like that it was dismissively shoved off on the uninformed Customer Service Department. Dear Richard, We have received your email and we have passed it along to the appropriate team within iON to respond to you as quickly as possible. Our customer service department does not have any further details at the moment on the Ca7ch fulfillment/integration. Regards, iON Consumer Care Another scam project.. We didn't even see any actual products running yet. Creator Catch Motion Inc. on October 23 Joe, iON's head office in Hong Kong is already working with the factory and we expect to receive a schedule from them in the next couple of weeks. We will be updating regularly on progress and I plan to continue reaching out to you guys for product advice. ----------- Ca7ch why do you never deliver on your promises? Why are you so fucking useless? Fearing advancements in this very popular field, I found another camera that appears to have leap frogged the infamous ca7ch light box. Go to 360fly.com & check out everything it can do. 8 lenses, submersible, 32gig internal memory-it's like a Go Pro on steroids. Maybe a flesh eating virus has swarmed the world and destroyed ion and ca7ch and everything and we are the only ones left...that is the ONLY POSSIBLE REASONABLE EXPLANATION for the lack of updates. @Rich Have you received any response from ion? Check out Lorex technologies 'Flir' can be used with a base or detached & used much like what we never got. you guys are terrible at fufilling your promise. refund please. Update. Refund. @creator get going with the project so I can get off this crappy platform. Please refund. What happened with "we are not repeating the sins of the past"? I just called the telephone number on the iON website and it was simply their tech service desk and the contact there had no knowledge of the Ca7ch acquisition. He suggested I send an email to the corporate office at info@ion-america.com. I just sent them the following email and strongly urge everyone else to do the same: I am writing to you as one of the 1,600 plus Kickstarter backers who provided almost a quarter of a million dollars to the Ca7ch campaign. Through a recent press release (<url>"Contact Us" link on their webpage: "The folks over at Ca7ch have advised all their extremely weary and disillusioned Kickstarter backers that iON has acquired their assets and that iON will now fulfill Ca7ch's Kickstarter commitments. It would be extremely useful, nay absolutely essential that you provide a firm schedule when Ca7ch's Kickstarter backers will be rewarded for their perseverance.. This would best be accomplished by posting the information on Ca7ch's Kickstarter project page. Thanking you in advance, Rich" Based on their response (of course I mean a lack thereof), I am seriously concerned that iON may have hired the Ca7ch folks to run their investor relations office. Again, I think we all need to put the pressure on iON to tell us what is going on. It sure as hell ain't gonna come from the Ca7ch seven folks. We are your early adopters, your early backer, please ensure that our faith has not been misplaced all these while. The idea is great, we look forward to your success, and spreading the word. @Creator - If I were in your position (having a product delayed for whatever reasons) I would use any 'down time' to look for ways to improve the features of the the product in areas that are achievable in short time; things that are not affected by the hardware design etc... for example, I'm sure your software guys could write a streaming viewer for mac & pc using node.js & the electron framework (formerly atom shell). What I'm saying is, if there is such a delay, and there is, and you have 'down time' while contracts affirm, or supplier deliveries are delayed, why not make it up to use by adding features to the software side (the side that isn't affected by contracts for component suppliers). I'm sure that a gesture along these lines, would help to improve the 'vibe' around here. Of corse I am disappointed with the delay; we all hope it is just a delay. But on with some other questions/suggestions: In the campaign it mentions "streaming video using HLS technology". The HTTP Live Streaming docs over at developer.apple.com say that HLS can send live or pre-recorded video to iPad, iPhone and Mac. I know that phone apps were being looked at, it would also be cool/easy to allow the stream to be viewed on your local network (if you are at home), so that you could type the ca7ch Lightbox IP in a browser (and the port) and be able to view the video stream. This would allow the ca7ch to be a more flexible 'tool', that you could monitor a baby, watch your front door for a delivery, watch your dinner burn in the oven etc... while you work on your mac or pc. Just a thought... trying to keep the mood progressive (while still acknowledging everyones concerns in the long delay). Well, fantastic news for the owners of ca7ch, they got nice new jobs at Ion, backers just left to rot again..... ...or in fact anything in an update would be nice. Feels just like old times! @Creator, With ownership going to Ion, any chance of returning to a less obtrusive housing like your original design or the SnapCam? I may be asking too late for a change, but could you update us with new production / packaging images? Bob Ferguson, please help us too! <url>"Contact Us" link on their webpage. "The folks over at Ca7ch have advised all their extremely weary and disillusioned Kickstarter backers that iON has acquired their assets and that iON will now fulfill Ca7ch's Kickstarter commitments. It would be extremely useful, nay absolutely essential that you provide a firm schedule when Ca7ch's Kickstarter backers will be rewarded for their perseverance.. This would best be accomplished by posting the information on Ca7ch's Kickstarter project page. Thanking you in advance, Rich" I suggest everyone of the 1,600+ Ca7ch backers send a similar request directly to iON via their website, the idea being that we might generate a sufficiently critical mass of inquiry that they might give us something in response. It can't hurt. However an update would be nice, that's not an unrealistic request. @creator as other people keep asking for something that is not going to happen(refund) I thought I'd get my unrealistic request in, could you please get me the moon on a stick? @creator updates please. I need a refund .. could you please answer how to get the money refund ASAP please @creator. What's the news?! Just take the camera dudes instead of asking for a refunt~ do u know you are on kickstarter and not in walmart? you are backing a project and not buying a product. i would like a refund I have tried writing to you about refund but I have not received any replies. Can you please advice how do we get a refund on this? Your reply is appreciated. Thanks I want a refund too. Ive asked for it multiple times. @creAtor please refund me asap. Thanks Can someone from the creation team please tell me how to get refunded for the cam and the extra battery. Thank you in advance Just tell me when my refund is ready. I've paid for two cam and two extra batteries. Do you really send what we've paid for ? How do I get a refund? Just a small housekeeping recommendation - Your website says nothing about iON's acquisition of CA7CH's assets. In fact, uninformed websurfers can still pre-order. Ya might wanna fix that. Great that this finally going somewhere. I backed this because I believe in the product idea. Seemed original and a front runner at the time and then lots it's way. Glad it's being picked up again and will go somewhere, interesting another one very similar is not starting to ship. <url>"shampaign." This is over since months ago. Just have the guts to tell us the truth! I guess we are all suckers for backing this, and will never back a kickstarter project again. Can I possibly request a FULL REFUND???? I'm sure there are quite a lot of people that feel foolish that they bought the extra batteries. If it was last year, they were all excited about ca7ch, but now they are up in arms for even just a legitimate update Any lawyers out there who are backers who would like to take on a class action against Catch Motion Inc.? Lack of communication and product smells of FRAUD. @Marco I too bought extra battery- total fool I am. If only @creators would send me something to show where the money was spent, I'd be happy. Batteries??? I even bought an extra battery.... Feel very stupid now. Feels like a coordinated action to get people scammed as much as possible Poop Also Leif Chastaine (the starter of this project) evidently doesn't even work for them anymore according to his linkedin. Studiously quiet on social media too since this tanked. I have seen on Facebook , Butterfleye that looks a lot like a version of the ca7ch light box camera... Something feels wrong about that.. Ca7ch, when does your "summer" ends ? They do seem to still be up to something as their latest Tweet shows: Leif Chastaine ‏@lchasta Nov 11 Lightbox comes to life! Check out the first video ever shot w/the newly designed Lightbox <url>#ca7chlife #lightbox -------- This 'latest' tweet is from Nov 11 LAST YEAR! Did you actually check the date before you posted that? the video is from 11 months ago. wtf Most people are starting a company or a brand and know how to conduct themselves professionally. Every one in a while you get a couple that don't get it and think of the people behind these backings are to be taken as seriously as bigger 'sources of funds'. However they would be very wrong as a high proportion of backers on here are Tech bloggers, reviewers, or evaluating new tech start ups on behalf of larger corporations and investors. They do seem to still be up to something as their latest Tweet shows: Leif Chastaine ‏@lchasta Nov 11 Lightbox comes to life! Check out the first video ever shot w/the newly designed Lightbox <url>#ca7chlife #lightbox I'm also getting fed up by the lack of communication and respect. How about a coordinated action by us to ask some kind of update? We can use the same polite message on all their social media to ask for an update. Although I'm not sure they even check their accounts anymore. Refunds are most likely not going to happen.. The folks in charge of this campaign have pissed all of the campaign funds away. This is why they are looking for other money resources. Thank You Catch Motion! Just like all the others, I just want to refund now cause i dont need this product anymore... How to refund?? can anyone help? I was a memoto (narrativeclip) backer and thought this would be a narrative killer.. but the narrative team are about to ship v2 which will kill most of this... come on ca7ch, tell us - is this dead... or are things happening I already do not need this product. Just, I want refund. Do you hear me? I'm severely disappointed in the utter lack of timely communications from Catch Motion. I've been very patient and even supportive, since complaining doesn't move investors and angels along any quicker. What I AM frustrated with is the lack of updates. I'm also a supporter of a keyboard project called the Waytools TextBlade. They led people to believe it was ready to go, all they needed was the cash to pay for the first manufacturing run and were taking pre-orders to do that. Now it's almost a year overdue, and Waytools is severely exposed because they did NOT bill it as a crowdfunded development project, they billed it as preorders for a completed product -- which it was NOT. When you're doing a crowdfunded dev project, you can get away with charging credit cards immediately -- that's the point. But when you're selling a product, you have to obey FTC regulations regarding mail-orders, which they did NOT. People were being patient...but only so far. They demanded, and eventually got, regular actual updates describing what's being done, what's finished, and what has to be done before they can ship. That's the ONLY thing that has prevented them from being reported to the FTC and sued. Catch is in a somewhat better position, since they never said it was anything but a development project. However, their tremendous burn rate on the initial funds and the need for a round of venture angels, is worrysome, as it shows a certain lack of proper money management. The chats are not sufficient, in my opinion, to keep people informed. We need actual updates. There hasn't been one since July, and it's mid-October. Catch, please be a bit more transparent and actually post some updates. You've had news, someone copied the chat transscript here so we got that much, but you promised updates when you had actual progress, and you haven't kept that promise. PLEASE remedy this. You've already badly eroded your customer base confidence, and are going to have to really hustle to rebuild that or no amount of venture capital will get you past it. People like your backers write reviews and other articles. It was risky to piss off the press back when it actually COST something to print an article. Now it costs nothing but time and a few electrons, so you've got 1600+ potential sources of bad press out there. It behooves you to mollify them to some degree, or Narrative Clip 2.0 will eat what's left of your lunch. I like your product. I want this product. If it doesn't materialize, I will have to go to Narrative to get something that will fill that need, since Looxcie is no more and the battery life from my original Looxcie is crap on a cracker. I want a camera that will send to Youtube or online storage without much intervention, to prevent someone from taking the camera and deleting the contents. A citizen journalist needs that functionality nowadays! So can we get back on track with updates, now that you're seeing some light at the end of the tunnel? I'm in for a lawsuit either. For those who weren't aware: <url>"I am too much of a skeptic to deny the possibility of anything." Since J was kind last week, from today's <url>ão a desculpa que não tem dinheiro! Safados tem no mundo todo, não vou fazer mais nenhum tipo de investimento no Kickstarter.. @Rich Sustich, you crack me up! LOL. So who won the free trip to NYC? What hardware did they use since they couldn't have used their Lightbox which was shipped in summer 2015? <url>"Project" has been a test of biblical proportins to say the least. Perhaps Kickstarter's Hands are bound by their bylaws. All I'm saying is show us some kind of support or concern. As for Catch Motion.... GIVE US AN UPDATE, It's not that hard to do.. RANT OVER. Now, Back to your regularly scheduled project backing and update tracking. Have a great weekend all! How did the "chat" go today? Ed, I gave them benefit of the doubt in the chat about 6 weeks ago, waste of time, complete merchant bankers. @j there are a few people on their Facebook page that bought it through pre-order and have no idea whats going. not a good situation. Damn, how did I miss this, ca7ch shipped to pre-orders in the summer: <url>’ve contacted Amazon to request a refund and this is what they had to say: Hello, I'm sorry to hear that you have yet to receive the reward associated with your Kickstarter pledge. If your expected reward date has passed, please check for any new project updates on the Kickstarter reward page. Project creators are expected to update backers about changes in expected delivery dates. Due to the nature of Kickstarter, projects are funded before the work is completed. Creators have unexpected roadblocks or simply underestimate how much work it takes to complete a project. In any case, creators are expected to communicate these setbacks should they happen. If the creator has not posted an update, we suggest sending a direct message to the creator about their progress on Kickstarter.com, or post a public comment on their project asking for a status update. Once a transaction has completed, we don't have the ability to cancel or refund the pledge. However, if you contact Catch Motion Inc. and explain the situation they may be able to refund your pledge. You can contact Catch Motion Inc. by going to the Kickstarter page and clicking the name underneath the project's title on the Kickstarter page. From there, you can click the blue Contact me button. Here is a link to the project you funded: <url>"Your [research] project will take you twice as long as you hoped if you can deal with 3 times the frustration, or 3 times as long as you hoped if you are willing to deal with only twice the frustration." For each external partner plan on more time and frustration. With the limited discussion from Ca7ch, I don't know how well they are dealing with frustrations, but by breaking the 1st recommendation we should expect 4 to 5 times hoped for time (15+ months)+ six months for adding 2 new partners = my newly determined estimated delivery date of March 2016. Backtracking in time, that means manufacturing completed before Chinese holidays (Feb./March), electronic certifications by November, and funding partners fully secured, money available in October. Best wishes @Ca7ch! - crap, now what I'm I going to use to share my Nov. 2015 event? I think investors would not fund this because how poor they managed this project. They probably got scared off knowing these guys couldn't manage the funds they received for Kickstarter and worried it would happen their money. They were out of cash 6 months into the project. It's pretty pathetic. Has anyone try to dispute this with their credit card company? I am a backer : Pledge 29 jul 2014: $149 + $15 transport = $164 SECOND ROUND • At $40 off list price don't miss out on this limited quantity offer in your choice of white or black with 5GB of free lifetime cloud storage. Free shipping in the USA. (Add $10 for shipping to Canada, $15 for international shipping.) STILL WAITING TO RECEIVE MY CAMERA DO YOU HAVE ANY NEWS AS NOTHING ON THE KICKSTARTER SITE Getting very tired of waiting On you site you say that a prototype was ready in 2013 ! Where is the final one ? Come on.. Give us some feedback here!!! Did you at least have fun spending all the funding money? How about posting some pics of your champagne parties, so we can see what our money was spend on? Snapcam is now available in the UK. I'll let you know what I think when I get mine. Soon. For those looking at Butterfleye just remember that whatever money is pledged is delivered. Indegogo doesn't require that a minimum be met. Not advising against Butterfleye just making sure everyone knows you will pay if you pledge. Be interested to hear about other backers alternatives if anyone has explored them. Been using the gopro session on my bike recently, it's pretty cool, but obviously bigger than the ca7ch. The snapcam seems like an ideal replacement but isn't available in the UK in grey for some reason. The narrative clip looks interesting but doesn't do video. Any others I'm missing? the chat thing is now just an embarrassment. Engage with your backs properly Ca7ch, answer questions in this forum. Not surprised they were not in chat... It's just a gradual disappearing act. Maybe they should go into magic rather than wearable tech! Abracadabra! Look No Cameras! No CA7CH presence at today's chat Also about time for another Update here J: still not delivering I missed today's 'weekly' chat, how did it go? Where where where @clamgoh that project probably failed because of Ca7ch... No one wants to make the same mistake again! <url>" Butterfleye " pop up a lot on Facebook. And received an email from them about getting funding on Indigogo. The camera they are showing as their prototype sure looks a lot like the images we were promised here on Kickstarter for this project. hummmmmm Has anyone else seen this floating out there? www.getbutterfleye.com I stand corrected - looks like they logged in after I'd left. I must have got the times wrong. I had asked them if the terms of their verbal offer they'd received was sufficient to get through to mass production. Waiting on a reply as the question was misinterpreted. In the mean time, I've just ordered a gopro session. A very different beast, but seems cool. Waiting for Snapcam to be available otherwise. @Ed, @J There have been chat sessions the last 2 Fridays. No changes/progress that they can report. <url>"Project" has tested that belief over and over again! From the bottom of my heart, I'd like to say Thanks For Nothing! I will repeat my wish, I'll even spell it out: R E F U N D!! (It's a pipe dream, I know =) KARMA, that is all. VHF, they say the chat is on every week, it's not. It's disgraceful that they don't update or engage through the medium that KS provides for this and instead hide in a place at a time that less than 1% of the backers seem to be able to access. They are most likely enjoying family holidays.....at our funding's expense. Just logged on to the chat page on time for the first time ever...nobody's home! Yet another terminal symptom of a dying project... Since a refund for the actual camera isn't going to happen, has anyone managed to get refunded for additional battery packs that were bought outside of KS's Ts & Cs? Incidentally, Ca7ch are still taking pre-orders for both camera and batteries, estimated delivery "Summer 2015". I don't know how they sleep at night, I really don't. Although I am very happy to receive my narrative Clip 2 in september, I still feel sad and scammed by this lot. I should have know when I saw the Raspberry PI as a prototype in the images.... And didn't got answered when I asked if the images were renders of actual samples of the to-be-finished product.... I assumed them to be samples because I saw the sample videoclips of "this product" on this kickstarter page. I wander now with what device those images/videos were made to deceive us. Making us believe there were actual sample of this device. Anyway I'm locking forward to receive my Narrative Clip2 and if this cam will ever come to market I can sell it of straight away. Thanks for nothing master-management-team! @Jacqueline Turner Go ahead and buy Go Pro. They will not be able to produce any time soon. They are in under a debt now. They still have to go and raise the money to build the camera. @J I doubt they use it wisely. Maybe they used it to do a few cams and party away with our money. I dun think they dare to publicise the actual amount they spend (with proof). Mention a few times on accessing their funding usage but no one from ca7ch reply.. So I have been patient. I backed this product so I could gift my husband with a superior camera. Back in 2014, can someone from Ca7ch Lightbox, just let me know if the product will be delivered? Or should I go ahead and purchase a go pro ? ca7ch, as per kick-starters terms of use I would like you to demonstrate to your backers that you have used funds appropriately: <url>’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Some weeks agon in the chat, I asked how long funding process would take. I can't recall the exact answer as ca7ch do not pot the chat transcripts for us, but time has dragged on with no tangible process. I understand NDA's limiting what can and cannot be said, but lack of any sort of meaningful updates to backers is just complete lack of respect for backers, there is simply no other way to put it. Rom agreed that they could improve their engagement with backers and then did nothing about it. Ca7ch, you need to explain where all the money has gone. Indeed kickstarter guidelines say you should do this if your project is in trouble and your project has been in trouble for months. 2 times overfunded and you still ran out of money, that is one hell of a project planning error. My patience is at an end, please communicate with your backers or expect a backlash from them. Lolol.. Should say tat we paid them for conference chat on every friday.. So shitty, Refund :))) it's good to recognize at this stage that you have been robbed..:) you are dismissed.. Let the guys enjoy your hard earned cash.. Aren't we passed 7/23/2015 + 10 days ? Kyo. They dun even have the money to refund you. I cannot wait for that anymore than this. so, I'd like to get a refund. More than 5 months since we were told that they needed extra funds, feels like very little, if any progress since then. It has been asked so many times i think the message is very clear, they don't want to adress us on Kickstarter, and they simply won't do it, too bad. ca7ch, listen to your backers, do what you said you would do, engage with them here, on kickstarter. @all, no point asking for refund now as they have no money for it. best is to hope that they can get the fundings as it is still looking positive in the updates. i have gotten 2 rubbish KS, and one of the products i have backed 2 years back still have not delivered the product. There are many talks of sueing the project developer but no one does it. its not as easy as it sounds. so our best hope of getting our money back is to hope that the negotiation do fall into places and we get the camera in the end. @JB they cannot take money from one investor to pay off another! plus we are backers not true investors, one of the downsides to this type of site and process. the more negative we are the less likely they are to get their funding. If they had the money to refund us, they would have the money to complete the project! We all need to accept that we have lost our money, and who knows we may be lucky and get our product at some point. The #rule for backing a product on KS or other site is "can I afford to lose this money" if not - do not back! however Creator - please communicate with us more regularly and drop the Friday "call" its a farce! This is horrific. It has been a whole year since the funding of the project. I am not happy nor am I optimistic about this project. They will never raise the capital they need as no 'smart' investor will waste their money or time in such company. We should collectively do something about this. If we stay quite, we will never see our hard-earned money back. We need to create a forum or another platform where all the backers of this project can communicate and petition against the Ca7ch team. We will create one report stating all the facts and decide on a course of action. Backers, please let me know if you are on board and I will start this immediately. Reply with a comment on this Comments page. If I get 10+ positive replies I will get started as soon as possible. Thank you all!! Id say go ahead with any deal you can get and use every single penny to refund your backers so they all get at least a partial refund. Frankly, the only "chat" I want to hear is that my camera has shipped. You guys took our money... 3 times what your goal was, and have delivered NOTHING but words of not progressing. @Creator: please refund my money. Your project ius a failure. I am not interested if you get partners, investors, etc. The objective of your campaign was to design the Lightbox, produce it and DELIVER to your backer who funded this process. Any investor or VC who would even consider to fund your business further, will take this athe primary measure of you capability to suceed in future. I personally would not invest 1 more cent in your venture! So please live up to your promise and DELIVER a usable product or REFUND all of us! Probably Ca7ch need to be transparent on their expense if they really spend all the $249,419 on Ca7ch developement. If they are not doing so, we can call them a scam. Deleted my last comment I see. In your previous update you claimed to get $500,000.00 in funding so why haven't you made the 2000 or so units that would fulfill your Kickstarter obligation along with extra batteries? Or are you essentially running a long con game on all your supporters? It's time to contact the FTC on this project. I paid for two cams ans two extra battery ! I want m'y money back !!!!! Your project is a failure, is this cam ever exists ? Can you give us some real pictures of the camera and not 3d models !!!! also not announcing the chats and giving atleast a weeks notice not all of us monitor the comments on here, my vast amount of patience is wearing alittle thin so please make it straight to the point and no weasel talk like the last few updates its ether you do or you dont Must admit I've been tempted by the snapcam...largely because it's identical. No need for the Ca7ch anymore, the SnapCam Lite is out and the SnapCam can be pre ordered oder bestbuy. I still can't believe that my pledge helped design the SnapCam as it has the same dumb placement off LEDs, a magnetic.... When was your credit card payments ? Call your credit card company. I called it was on hold for a little while, but it wasn't disputed so I got a refund. I paid for an extra battery I didn't recover that but at least I got some of it back. Post an update. I'm afraid this is all just falling on deaf ears Mike. Time for a formal update So I clicked on the link to go to the chatroom for fun, and I noticed this part of the warning: " If you communicate with people you don't know, be aware that they may be dishonest." Geez.... :S Today is the 1 year anniversary, why don't you just post an update everyone can see ? Why don't you adress your backers here instead of doint chats with 2-3 people, you habe more than a thousand backers, doesn't it mean anything to you ? I believe the first rule in a good business comes with common sense, don't ignore your backers/clients. How will your business survive without us ? Without any positive comments ? Wake up, stop living in disneyland and post a decent and honnest update ffs. Useless chat Who cares about a chat. I backed on KS and that's the place to communicate! Chat for what...give us an update and be clear and transparent on the plan. No accountability MR. TAN, they lost their way looong ago.. They have strayed from the path of the honorable and are now walking the path less traveled... That of the dishonor, and deceit (conceivably) Ca7Ch. You are losing out already. <url>"only want to report SIGNIFICANT info..." ��� Olly Olly Oxen-free! Aaah, still dreaming of that honest R E F U N D! ca7ch, come on, speak to your backers on here, don't hide in the chat. Pls just get the fundings sorted. it's quite unbelieveable that 3 person can blow $250,000 in a year. And i really feel awarkard that it always seems to optimistic (when getting partner, agreement of credits) and the next updates would paint a grim picture of the CEO resign or unable to sign agreement. All i can feel of the negatitivtiy of the way this campaign is handled. I would now only start to believe that this project is not a scam/story to take money only when i start to receive the project. And I will say a huge thankyou if only you guys the Ca7ch if you can pull this through. Whenever late this is, I would still want the product and perhaps is the only way for me to have a postitve look on the owners who started this project Losers ignoring everything that's been said here. Everyone keep asking for a backer update instead of your stupid chat nobody wants. Are you so stupid you can't see that if almost noone attend to your "weekly" chat, maybe there is a reason ? Almost one year after funding, i still can't believe there a people who can mock those who raised this project, this disgust me. I just want out with a refund, i refuse to support people like you, period. Time for a backers-only update about what's really going on or start issuing refunds. I would ask you to refund my money. An Open Letter to CEO <url>"Weekly update 6/11/2015" Today's date 7/1/2015 - perhaps it should have said monthly update. @Ed you are dreaming @john the Ca7ch will be much better... :-) and we will get it in the fall! Am I right Rom or Robert???? Hey everybody take a look at this, www.getbutterfleye.com Bunch of losers @lawrence - you didn't miss anything at last weeks chat since I was the only one there. Seems more productive this week.. Looking forward to seeing more of the ca7ch them here going forward. Last week's chat is gone. This week's chat is available for viewing. I'm hopeful. After chat today, ball is in ca7ch's court, let's hope we see some engagement from ca7ch in this forum. Meanwhile, I wish them luck in ongoing negotiations with partners and backers. fruition! The sad thing is, there are genuine creators and genuine projects out there, but people like ca7th give everyone else a bad name and jeopardise other people's ideas coming to tuition. I am scammed by 3 more projects here on kickstarter. I am pretty much done with this shit site. Their Last login is Jun 23 2015 Why login and nv give us an update or reply our comments? It's already 11mths after funded and not even one production is made.. This is the worse project ever... And worse is still can used up all our fund for product testing.. @J If they do not come out with the product, they are worse than flyfit. From an evil point of view, kickstarter has become a way to get free and large amount of money to go on vacation. Get stupid backers, make false promises, get the money, don't deliver, fail, spend the money for personnal purposes. I'd love to do that, but my principles prevent me :( Why do you even call your updates "weekly update" ? You guys really suck at com, like epic. Henry, I think these guys must be related to the flyfit guys! when are we seeing our Lightbox? If not, please refund us.. This user's account has been deleted. Today they cancelled their Paypal money request that they've sent me almost a year ago to add for shipping costs. Glad I didn't pay that upfront... Still I'd like to get my $119 back which is probably a long shot anyways. Lets hope the FTC takes up on this. How do we issue a claim with FTC? Let's do it! finally ftc taking notice <url>"contact us", there is no info anymore... Always a bad sign. Looks like if ca7ch doesn't deliver then narrative stuck more so towards ca7ch's original design and promises, it seems like those who want it will wait after September 2015 and order it directly for practically the price we pledged... VHF, maybe ca7ch should hire him to do their PR! Ed, did you genuinely expect Rom to suddenly change then? kinda disappointing that after a nice conversation with Rom last week that he didn't follow through with perhaps just coming by here to give us some hope. J - your hamster is rubbish. Mine can both speak Flemish and write Sanskrit Expecting ca7ch to actually listen to their backers and give them updates as opposed to the completely stupidly timed chats is like trying to expect your pet hamster to speak Flemish. I think we are all startin or have lost faith in the project.. I'd like to thank J for sharing that link with us from 4 days ago. . Looks like another option... Thanks for everything CMI. J- 4 days ago <url>"this Project is dead"..."The team is disbanded"...etc Hoping KickStarter CS can do a better job at reaching out and getting answers than we can, ticket opened... Is there ANYTHING going on? Refunds? Work? Honestly no updates and the infrequent updates with the same, "We're sorry" and "we'll post more updates" is complete BS. What is going on as I'd prefer getting a refund at this point for something that is not being paid attn to. Ed, its at exactly the wrong time for people in UK. 3pm on a Friday is rubbish time. Maybe you can ask your buddy Rom why when you said he should engage more and he said fair point, that he hasn't actually engaged at all. If there is a chat tomorrow... Anyone gonna come? The catch is catch 22 Ed, with regards to Rom, this is the guy who says he appreciates our feedback and acknowledges that they need to engage more and then.......does eff all in terms of engaging. I gave ca7ch the benefit of the doubt when they started their chats but lets be honest absolutely nothing has changed. No responses to questions on here, no money, no ability to deliver. @j it's not a bad thing if we get one. It's a bad thing that they sold the company and we don't got anything to show for backing it. But in all seriousness, i think Rom and his team are working hard to get additional funding to get this camera into the market. Just sucks they so under estimated how much was required to get it out... If you saw the chat, he seems very hopeful to still get it out by the end of the summer.... But it's highly unlikely in my opinion... But who knows! Ed, if they did, would that be a bad thing? Surely they would be buying the ca7ch obligations. I'd be keen to know if ca7ch management are going to remortgage their homes to ensure they meet their delivery obligations to backers. @j I must say the narrative looks like a Ca7ch. I hope ca7ch didn't get bought out by Narrative ... <url>"These last couple of weeks have been less crazy than usual. With China still off-line for the Chinese New Year’s celebrations, we do not have access to many of our resources and partners, leaving us restless though busy." Then Rom tells us how they have tons of interest and turned people down.....funny how only a few weeks later they tell us kickstarter backers that they're out of money and hopefully some partner might fund them. From 57 minutes in you can hear about how they changed the form factor, how it's elegant and how the feedback for the most part is really good (yeah, right) (whilst showing a lightbox with an led on), how the made it cheaper. Also said how kick starer allowed them to pre-sell.....they clearly see it as having sold devices rather than backers pledging, so maybe people who go on about kickstarter is not a store etc might now pipe down. at 1 hour 1 minute, Robert Kowalik preaches how you should work day and night and respond to backers. What a shame that they do not practice what they preach. "Wearables got to be something that you wouldn't mind wearing" Ca7ch, we don't want to wear a box with a light on! I'm afraid this project has lost all credibility now. You asked for 80K and almost have 10X the amount you asked at $750K. I still don't understand how you are taking preorders on your website if you cannot manufacture this product. First time I've ever been ripped off on Kickstarter, hopefully others can avoid this product by reading the comments. After being so quiet, I knew something like that was coming...has happened over and over...bad planning, poor project management, and shitty resource/financial management. 3 months ago, my hope went to zero. On this one, we lost our investment; out pledge will not have a reward! @ed they are not even manufacture ready - they have never been ready - they have never had a working prototype of any sort - it has all been lies - you wait - they are going to start asking us for more money to raise the supposed $150k they need. It is a SCAM SCAM SCAM - complete VAPOURWARE!!! @CA7CH - ask your subcontractors to work for sweat equity and give some of the business away to them to get it working (your backers have given their hard earned money for nothing in return) with a promise for % remuneration when your company is solvent and actually has a product to make revenue (This is 101 Business - make a minimum viable product with the budget you have to work with) - at least you will the. have the integrity as opposed to GREED to deliver what you have promised - or do you prefer a world of THEFT, LIES and DECEIT and pissing all over everyone, bringing everything you touch into disrepute. SHAME SHAME SHAME With 500k funding and enough to produce 6000 units... Get 1700 into production first and try to get whatever funding as you continue to find partners. But at the moment it sounds like we are just getting rob. Sounds like we have been paying someone's salary for this past few months. Projects like this is why Kickstarter and IGG get bad reps.. They need to implement a better system. Should have given my money to a crackhead instead. At least they would know what to do with it. You guys failed and should consider a career change. Maybe being a car sales might work since bull$hi77ing us is what you guys do best. You can fund 6000 units, but you need 150k ? How can you fund something with missing money ? Man it's like i have the money to buy a car, just missing half of the money. Ask 80k, got 250k, got 750k, can't do shit. I don't believe one second one can so much be wrong about the money needed. This is a joke. If only you guys had done weekly updates, i would have been behind you. Last thing, i don't want the fucking chat i cannot attend and cannot read, i want updates "We have worked very hard in the prototyping process to ensure we have a working product that is ready for manufacturing. We are in final negotiations to select a larger volume manufacturing partner, and we need to set up the tooling." Campaign target to bring this to life 80k We actually pledged 250k Now they are saying they need another 1,000,000! Complete buffoons. KICKSTARTER should have the right to step in a force them to deliver this project - especially if they have got this deal in Taiwan - the manufacturer in Taiwan probably doesn't want to cover there liabilities - so they will need to sell units and deliver them to non-backers before they have any money to actually deliver to the people who backed them in the first place - these guys are first rate scumbags Can I get a REFUND 250k in Pledges + 500k manufacturing = 750k. 1631 backers. That equates to $460 per backer - and still you can't deliver diddly - I can't imagine how someone so completely useless actually got this far Fuckwits I wish we could vote like shareholders and have the company in Taiwan take you over completely - I bet they can actually deliver products $250k in pledges, plus $500k in manufacturing and you still can't deliver - nothing but false promises right from the start - worst KS ever! I would spit in your face if I could Well, yet again we get the curve ball thrown our way! I hate feeling like I am going to be out $150 (Some of us more and some Less.) I am afraid that is what reality is starting to look like with this project. If given the option, I would also choose REFUND OVER PRODUCT at this point, good luck with that though. Sorry to be so negative, my faith in your ability to make this project a Successful Reality is going down with each day. I would also like to know about getting a refund How do I receive a refund? or am I just out $119? This looked like a cool product a year ago, unfortunately there are other wearable that are available now. That doesn't seem like a very encouraging update. You still need another 150k for "sub contractors - technical engineers, camera tuning specialists, certification labs etc."? Wasn't all that accounted for into the project? You blew past over $245k, but to bring this project to life you still need another $150k. Man, this is not what I was hoping to hear. Losing faith here. Why do you think they will give you 24 hours notice, when this is how much notice they gave last time: ------ Morning Backers. we will be on the weekly chat in approx 45 min. join us at <url>� Marco, the shipping and battery pack money is refundable, Ca7ch confirmed this in the first chat. Whether that will happen though is a different matter. Well, Ca7ch will have had their meetings with partner now, if we don't hear anything today then I am assuming they failed to make a deal work and we will hear about it when they pluck up the courage to face backers. Well J, a refund paid with what money?? You know what we say in Holland? "From a bare naked chicken you can't pick any more feathers". Pretty disappointed that they threw us a bone re chats to shut us up but after first one, we don't have any feedback on the chat sessions. Today is supposedly the day they meet the partners to sign a deal that could rescue this project. so one would hope we hear something by the end of this week. IF they don't get the deal then I think they will delay telling us and this project will not come to life, in which case we all deserve whatever refund we can get i.e. shipping, extra batteries etc. @Nev K - Hahahaha, good luck with that on here! hi, anyupdates with the signing of contract with the manufacturers? i am in the optimistic camp but getting worried. $250k is indeed alot of money to have been wasted. 540 pledged Reward: $540 Anyone interested in my pledge : <email> FAMILY PACK - At $216 off of list price, get 4 cameras for you and the whole family at an amazing price in white and black with 5GB of free lifetime cloud storage. Free shipping in the USA. (Add $10 for shipping to Canada, $15 for international shipping.) <email> 540 pledged Reward: $540 FAMILY PACK - At $216 off of list price, get 4 cameras for you and the whole family at an amazing price in white and black with 5GB of free lifetime cloud storage. Free shipping in the USA. (Add $10 for shipping to Canada, $15 for international shipping.) Anyone interested in my pledge 540 pledged Reward: $540 FAMILY PACK - At $216 off of list price, get 4 cameras for you and the whole family at an amazing price in white and black with 5GB of free lifetime cloud storage. Free shipping in the USA. (Add $10 for shipping to Canada, $15 for international shipping.) ca7ch, come on, you dropped a bombshell on us a few weeks ago, said you wanted to be transparent and communicate better with us with these chat sessions, do us a favour, at least post the transcript of the chat sessions on the update pages please. Summary of chat! Agreed JB, should post the chat transcript as an update. Ughh i reckon the chat has already finished. Cant you please update us through the regular KS channel? Please dont update through the chat only. There are a lot of backers out there who cant make it to the chat. You should write an update here on KS too. I missed the chat today... Did anyone make it? Anything new? any updates? This user's account has been deleted. Looks like they've even given up on the chats now. RIP Ca7ch No news...mean bad news @creator me and 5 of my friends are going to Japan in September please please have this finished by then if not at least let me get a tester unit. @bill thanks for that - looks like they have come out with a mini version of that camera too - <url>#shop You guys see this? Available now too, seems awfully similar in scope too I changed my mail address, please tell me how to modify Please advise how to obtain a refund,I can no longer afford this and urgently need my refund Have sent email Thanks for posting the q&a in the updates End of the day, hopefully they can get what has been promised to us out in 3 months time, otherwise before you know it Xiaomi will start producing their own Mi wearable cameras with double the specs and at half the money we have invested here.... Hi Ron, just received your email re the project-update: Notes of the chat session. I used the email provided to send you a response: it bounced back! Truly you need to improve the communication with us backers .... even THIS didn't work, almost indicative. So here is the text I had intended to send via return mail: Hi Guys, well, this email was a mess! hard to read Almost impossible to follow/track a conversation No summary just to name a few shortcomings …. and throughout, you hardly ever acknowledge the frustration expressed from your backers. Really, I am sitting here shaking my head about the absence of almost basic communication skills from your end! Many times the importance of keeping backers informed was stated, and, if you do so, you MUST do it in a relatively easily digestive format, easy to read, easy on the eye, as even this will reflect on how well you go about your task: making your prime product. So, as you plan to have this chat sessions (couldn’t ever log-in, though I tried many many time) again, and presumably to send out email scripts about it: MAKE IT EASY TO FOLLOW & READ PLEASE. Seems too me as if many of your backers - myself included - acknowledge the difficulties faced by a start-up. Your backers have shown empathy, now it’s your turn to show and express same. Cheers, from Australia Axel @ 0411 125 275 Life is short - so don't be a dick! @Andrew go to the one they posted in the comments section (wikisend), not the original link in the description, or read the new update. Nope. Same max download page when I click on the pdf link Posted key points in the comments section of the last update for anyone too lazy to read all of it. @Andrew They reposted a new link in the last update, should be working now, just downloaded it. There was a download limit of 10 downlods for the chat transcript. Please repost @J plus 1 too on the spin about 61% of respondents supposedly preferring the new design as well. That question was very deceptively worded. I understand about needing to march on etc. but that survey and the chat and the constant ambiguity in communications just seem like ways for the creator to check boxes on their end to protect themselves from scrutiny from KS or litigation. Also, fine, if you really want to argue LEDs are needed, I can still argue they are Not needed on the front of the camera specifically. No excitement, no hope and no trust...If something changes it could only be for better...for now, It is disappointing to see that this product may never go to the market... @J +1 @bill what was the Sony camera you bought? Ca7ch, now this sort of engagement and explanation is exactly what backers are looking for, BUT, please don't put spin in like: 61% thought it was better than the original. You DID NOT ask them that question. The question you asked was whether people liked the new design or disliked it, not whether they preferred it. If someone says they liked it, you cannot interpret that as PREFERRING it. That is just spin and undermines your credibility. Well said Jhaeh... I was one of many who have become disappointed in this campaign an resulting fiasco. I am willing to see what comes of this new developing situation. All we can do is have faith and hope for the best. For the record, I really dislike the new design and I'm more than a little pissed off about the lack of market research done with the people who piled their money into this company. However, this isn't going to change. If we moan, bad-mouth this company on social media and to the tech press, we'll receive nothing for our money as the company name will turn to shit and they won't get their additional financial backing. Or we can accept that Catch has started to communicate with us properly, accept that this design is not going to change and actually get something for our money. I'm not saying that after the webchat that all is forgiven, far from it but at least they are talking to us, admitting some of their mistakes and giving us some sort of hope that we may at some point get our hands on something for our money. They have said that they will offer refunds when they are ready to ship and in all honesty, I'm not sure whether to take the money back or the product. It's up to them now what I do. If the next updates show what the camera can do, in an honest way and it looks good then yeah, I'll give it a shot. If I'm not convinced or they start ignoring us again then I'll try to get my money back if at all possible. The ball is (still) in their court in this regard. So yeah, no kumbaya circle here, I'm still skeptical, still annoyed at the redesign and still lacking confidence in the people behind Catch. However, I am happy that they haven't disappeared, happy that they're willing to offer refunds and happy to hear that there is a possibility of me getting something from them in my hand. I wont be able to forget the way we have been treated by them and I certainly won't be recommending this company to anyone until I have a decent product in my hand. In summary, I'd rather have something than nothing and **** about it will certainly leave me with the former. They know they f*cked up and it's up to them now to redeem themselves. I recommend that we give them the time they need to try to do so. Bought a Sony, ample memory, waterproof case & wrist monitor. Life goes on, can' wait for 'what if's' to possibly be created. Goodbye money, spent on this mess. Why do you come up with this story now? After all these months of radio silence? I agree with Angelo. Why doing all this "market research" when you simply couldve asked your backers first? After all these months you couldve come up with a better reason. Im completely lost. Angelo, I think it's good that Ca7ch are explaining in detail now, hopefully in the future the rationale is shared in more detail at the time. I agree on the LEDs....hate them positioned where they are and do agree that should have been better consultation with backers. Unfortunately with finances as is, I doubt that is going to change now, so I think best we can hope for is a more engaging creator and a product that finally gets to market. @angelo I completely agree with all of what you just said. I just decided that it wasn't really worth going on about any more because it's already done. @Angelo DePaolo. I agree it was an unfortunate choice to not use the backers for marketing research. It probably cost @Creator some $$ and backer goodwill. At least they are trying to get one of those back and are willing to sacrifice some ownership for the other. I'm not pleased with the Lightbar name-tag but as I mentioned in a previous post, I can always make a skin. Thinking like an investor, I can understand the reason you would want to clearly brand a product. (I just had a hideous/huge brand image idea pop into my mind, so it could have been worse.) @Jhaeh has been a strong critic but my inner voice for awhile on here. At the risk of disrupting this kumbaya circle going on because of the chat I want to press harder on the light bar. @Creator's detailed response below about design changes seems fine until the LEDs are discussed. There's too much fluff about 'we want this to be a fashion item' etc. and I get concerned hearing points like we 'didn't want it to be too flat' and so on because the original design aesthetically was flat in the first place. That's not a bad thing. Ask Apple's designers and Windows, flat is 'so hot right now'. Anyway, here's the part where I ask something I doubt I'll get a genuine answer to publicly. Did you guys actually put that infernal bar there to mostly distinguish your design from competing designs? I ask because I Hate the LEDs and so if 'it's up to us how to enable/disable them' it begs the question why do we really need them at all on the Front of the camera? Internal design changes made sense when you explained them. I'm still so annoyed by the external changes and not impressed with your explanation at all. P.S. are you kidding me with your 'informal market research'?!? Helloooo, that's what your Paying backers are for, you could have taken 2 pictures and asked US in Advance what we thought via an update on KS. You guys have to be joking on that point, that's unacceptable to spring that new external design on us and then Months later just now tell us you arrived at that choice because of some (secret) and informal research done where people all conveniently picked the latest design. @Jhaeh has been a strong critic but my inner voice for awhile on here. At the risk of disrupting this kumbaya circle going on because of the chat I want to press harder on the light bar. @Creator's detailed response below about design changes seems fine until the LEDs are discussed. There's too much fluff about we want this to be a fashion item etc. and I get concerned hearing points like we 'didn't want it to be too flat' and so on because the original design aesthetically was flat in the first place. That's not a bad thing. Ask Apple's engineers and Windows, flat is 'so hot right now'. Anyway, here's the part where I ask something I doubt I'll get a genuine answer to publicly. Did you guys actually put that infernal bar there to mostly distinguish your design from competing designs? I ask because I Hate the LEDs and so if 'it's up to us who to enable/disable them' it begs the question why do we really need then at all on the Front of the camera? Internal design changes made sense when you explained them. I'm still so annoyed by the external changes and not impressed with your explanation at all. Thanks for the detailed response. Totally understood about the internals having an effect on the design. I guess the aesthetic changes were just a bit off to me, thanks for explaining why you went in the direction you did. After the first QA it was available within HipChat, it looks like either they are now not available or simply having a hard time finding how to access. For those that partook in the second chat, Ca7ch feel free to respond as well, but did Ca7ch address why they made the visual changes to design (not camera placement)? Talking specifically about the decision to add branding and LEDs on front of cam. Are you going to publish Q&A here? Yeah I'll second @J's comment, what you did today couldn't have been easy, knowing the reception you'd get, but you answered everything thrown at you and changed a few opinions of the company in the process. I've been very critical lately but coming away from the first webchat today, I'm confident that you are moving in the right direction. Kudos to you and the rest of the team. @"creator": what about "We will keep an archive of the chat available just in case you can not make one of the two times published but want to read the Q&A"? Where is the archive for everybody who wasn't able to make it? Just wanted to say that I think today was a great move in trying to better engage with backers. I speak my mind both ways and lately I've been very critical of Ca7ch for the lack of engagement and very late notice about issues that I felt they should have been more open about earlier. I hope that today showed Ca7ch that we do genuinely want them to succeed and if we can help, we will, and that just engaging with us gets us a hell of a lot more on their side than ignoring us. Good luck with next steps Ca7ch. It says room not found Guys - not able to make the chat today for various reasons. If anyone is able to make it, can they ask a) about battery pack refunds, as it was not through KS, so we should be entitled to full refunds if it falls through, and P&P costs paid as well? Cheers Not sure what has transpired since the last update (ie. chat held today and what have you) but did come across this interesting read and thought I'd share... <url>"a scam". It MAY, however, represent a downright irresponsible burn rate on the investment funds. I warned about this months ago. I SAID, don't keep letting feature creep delay the project. FREEZE development and go with what you have, even if it doesn't have every last cool gizmo and feature. Put out a WORKING product that does what the original pitch promised. It doesn't have to have funky light-bars and special features that were not initially promised. It just has to work. Save the extra bells and whistles for Lightbox 2.0, if you can swing it. It sounds like they didn't listen. They kept making beta runs and retooling this and redesigning that, mostly to add features, not to address basic function. I'm gonna compare it to Pebble here -- Pebble put out a basic black-and-white watch that talked to your phone. It wasn't perfect when it came out. The software worked, but wasn't very efficient. But they put in the ability to update the firmware and the most critical update path was in the app, not the watch. So they could fix stuff over time AFTER it hit the shelves and the backers' wrists without trying to chase every single bug from the beginning. Murphy's Law of Cybernetic Entomology states clearly: "There's always one more bug." If anything spontaneously generates insect life, it's in the software industry. They just HAPPEN, even when you put out your best possible ability at the time. Build the ability to update in place and move on. You literally CAN'T do it all in 1.0. Chargebacks and demands for refunds won't help the situation. You invested the money. You didn't buy a product. If we lose, we lose. Do I WANT to lose? Hell no! I want the damn camera! If I can't GET the camera, I may buy a GoPro and bite the bullet that it's 2x the size and obtrusive as hell, because I wanted the camera to replace my Looxcie after that company got out of the consumer market. But equine flagellation won't fix the problem. Stop it. <url>"out of money because we wasted all the backers money on unwarranted and unwanted redesigns and modifications. Trying to find funding from...places." I wonder how an NDA works out with Kickstarter TOS seeing as we the backers are essentially the original investors in this. To be honest I wouldn't doubt it if there was no investor real investor interest or meetings. What proof do we have realistically, creators word? Kickstarter staff is essentially useless and don't take any action unless the creators publicly make a statement saying " HAHA we scammed you". The update from a month ago said "looking promising, but nothing signed yet" and this one says the same thing. Doesn't sound promising to me. We got what? A few demos? Allegedly from the lightbox. Some pictures of circuit boards. Most everything was just design renders. "The number of product iterations we have had to perform negatively impacted our cash balance. " Which you took it upon yourselves to do and didn't listen to backers when they said to stop with the redesigns and just get the product out already. Call your credit card companies a call folks, it's your only hope of getting a refund. To be honest though, 8, almost 9 months later is going to be a stretch at best for a charge back. People were asking for refunds months back and got the run around and "we're looking into it". Good luck! I don't understand where most of the money went to. It hasn't gone into manufacturing so a big portion of cash should still be available. Probably all the money was spent on flying the whole ca7ch team to China back and forth. But I'm still optimistic they can come up with additional funding and finish this project. @Creator. Thanks at least for letting us know what you didn't want to say and we did not want to hear. The "- and to you" was a clarifying shocker. At $90 per and an initial run of 2000 (about 100 more than pledged on Kickstarter for testing/marketing) that leaves between $50K and $60K based on the average Kickstarter pledge per camera of ~$112. Sufficient unless you have multiple set-backs / factory iterations: molds are expensive and travel costs for factory work (especially if you have a team there) I assume is expensive. I hope you can secure funding to complete your promises and move your dream forward. If not, after a few more weeks of trying, perhaps a partial reward (the boards and a 3D file for DYI (not waterproof) case? After all it's the camera and social software that made your product, the case that caused some ire here). Looking at your backer pledge levels, if this project fails, its the developer and family kit tiers I feel sorry for, I assume they have/had high hopes and faith in your project. - Lastly I have to agree with @J, @Jhaeh and @Darren Wadley from the Update comments, until you get this figured out, taking additional pre-orders is ethically questionable. @J thanks for the RUSH link. - Interesting stuff at ~24 min. and ~54:30 min. Since they finished with Valentines day comments, I assume this was done in early February before we received our update that Ca7ch had reached a budget crisis. Offering the Lightbox at the Early-Bird price for survey takers showed some marketing chutzpah. @J and @Jhaeh and @Lawrence: I'm assuming there's some money left, just insufficient for "full" testing more iterations for a full manufacturing run, but I could be wrong. Three months from now, it may all be gone. Kickstarter has done nothing in all of this and is completely useless - too interested in selling 'kickstarting' pebbles 2.0 - gee that barely launched. Maybe with some of the money that KS cream off all of the other startups they could set up a division that offers assistance and coaching to people like CA7CH who obviously naive to manufacturing and have let their eyes move of the original offering and get lost in the woods. This would also allow KS access to scrutinise just what actually is in hand as promised and what is vapourware - I am very sceptical this punks had anything but a marketing plan looking back in hindsight. I backed for 2 units plus 2 batteries - so I am royally screwed. I really really wanted them for my sons science excursion to the states which leaves on 1rst April - so I had anticipated delays - but this - this is just sheer incompetency - I still hope that they can find a solution - if they get extra funding, I hope they also get some management experience too, cause these cowboys are absolute fucktards! Unfortunately I don't think we can dispute Reward transactions since Kickstarter (actually Amazon) was paid first and then they paid Catch Motion. I did dispute my transaction from their website for the battery pack since they charged and didn't deliver. At least I'll be getting $30 back. Looks like my original pledge for $119 is gone though. I wish Kickstarter had another policy in place to protect backers, especially projects where the creator makes a quarter of a million dollars! I backed 2 projects at the same time. This and one that cost me over $600. The other project just shipped. I think most projects underestimate the amount of capital required or don't want to risk not hitting their target. That said ca7ch had 4x their target so I am at a loss as to how they could have underestimated so badly.. Whenever I back something on KS it's usually do so on the understanding that I'm likely to lose my money but to date it's come good. I'm very disappointed in this news because this is the first product that I've genuinely wanted and have been looking forward to getting my hands on. I'm naively hoping that a production partner can be secured but it doesn't look hopeful. J, no need for apologies brother, I feel your pain.. The more time goes by, the more it looks like we are headed towards a dreaded "crowd funding scam!" Keep the faith... I hope anyone tried hitting their credit card company with a chargeback? Pretty sure KS would get their house in order from a scrutiny perspective if CC kept hitting them for failed projects. Really hope the ca7ch work out a deal - if they are doing an equity deal then they pretty much should be able to do a deal - they are in a bind. Don't do a deal, lose your company. Do a deal, lose some (or most) of your company (but keep your dignity / integrity).. Sorry Lawrence and others, don't mean to come across so harshly, just really annoyed at these guys. I'm going to have a large slug of bourbon! Ah, so true... Sorry, read the update again... I didn't have my coffee yet. Hey, maybe one of the action cam companies would be interested in an "action cam micro." Lots of money to be had possibly via Law Enforcement/First Responders... Lets all cross our fingers and HOPE for a completed product or some sort of mutually agreeable resolution to this conundrum. Jinx! If there was money to refund, there would be money to complete the product. Anyone expecting any sort of financial reimbursement from Catch or Kickstarter will be very disappointed. However, the battery packs were ordered from a site that is not covered by KS's terms and should be refundable. Not sure which bit of this people aren't getting. There is no money to give refunds they've spent it all. There will be no money in 3 months to give refunds, they've spent it all. IF a manufacturing partner steps in we might get a product. There will not be any refunds. Wow, this is the first KS campaign that I've pledged and MAY NOT get my indicated reward... This is a bit disheartening to hear, can we ask for a full or partial refund?!? I will not be able to chat as I also have work obligations. I appreciate the transparency but It does not get the CA7CH in hand.. I agree with Matt D, set a timeline 3 mos or so, hit that mark or refund your supporters. At least we made them speak out! Bottomline, KS people also need to share some accountability. While all these projects have risks, KS needs to become better on screening out and challenge that these "wanna-be" companies have the governance, technical competencies and a robust development process before accepting them on this platform. That will increase the rate of success! Personally, I'm tired of KS. Another reason for stopping backing tech Kickstarters. This sort of outcome is all too typical. A parade of idiots and scammers presided over by a KS team only interested in getting its cut. I'll stick to using KS as a pre-order system for board games going forward. Otherwise the platform is pretty much broken. What a fiasco. There are over 1600 backers for this project. Can't we come up with something on how to get our money back if they can't deliver at all? I really know how to pick them, also made a pledge for the Soap Router.. Carlos, you can always pre-order it, you can then have it delivered this summer (they updated this today!): CA7CH Lightbox Pre-order now and save $40 off the retail price of $189! We will ship in the order received so pre-ordering now guarantees that you will be one of the first on your block to receive Lightbox You will be charged the full amount when the order is placed. The estimated shipping date: Summer 2015. <url>"I don't know") then can I have a refund please. $150 is a LOT of money for me to get what is essentially now an 18 month old product (which is an eternity in the tech sector). I'd kick in more bucks, you over promised, a lot to offer for 150.00 bucks. But I'm no sucker either, I kick in more bucks with the deal being I get all my money back if you fail to deliver say within a month or two...... What do you say????? Wow, William was on the money on this one. Talk about bad management of cash. It's a shame that this project had so much prudential... but it sounds like they have some venture capitalist interested and help complete this project. Boom. Another kickstarter coffin nailed shut. Just got an update, what a complete bunch of incompetents. 3 times overfunded and they've blown all the money. Couldn't organise a piss up in a brewery. J - Agree! I would like to be wrong by either having an update from them or seeing they have accountability and balls to accept their mistakes... Leif Chastaine's twitter id is @lchasta - he has not tweeted since November! oh dear - looks like another failed project note to self - step away from KS unless they start managing the process... William, I think the thing that rankles the most is the accountability thing. Kickstarter seems to offer no protection whatsoever. Ca7ch made out that they were close to production, had a handle on all potential delays and would ship last winter at the latest. It's proven to be complete bull, and all Kickstarter can say is 'well, they gave you an update' The acid test is this. If you knew what you knew now about Ca7ch, would you have pledged in the first place? They've burnt through our money with no real governance of their project. Ignored the people they were basically pleading with to give them money in the first place (us, the backers) and I'm afraid, seem to have no balls whatsoever, by the way they ignore their backers. These guys should be ashamed of themselves: Rom Eizenberg, CEO: Once a rocker with long hair, Rom is now a bold entrepreneur with little hair. Spending the last decade building innovative businesses, Rom has hands-on experience building hardware and social software businesses. He still loves his guitar and sometime jams during long calls with overseas manufacturers. Robert Kowalik, COO: An early stage operations ninja, Robert brings over 22 years of experience in leading global operations in emerging technology startups. When not whipping the team, Robert loves to ride his snow mobile and ATVs. Leif Chastaine, VP Product: A sworn mountain cyclist and brewmaster, Leif loves climbing steep peaks and rewarding himself after with a tasty beverage. In his over 18 years of successful start-up experience Leif has conquered challenges in wireless, B2B and social markets. I had a similar experience with a project called "Goldee". In that case, I preordered in their site. After months they went into the shadows. After a lot of pressure in their Twitter page, they owner finally admitted that they went out of cash. At the end, no refund, no product. That's the risk we all take with these type of projects. For me, as well as for most of you, putting money on these projects, is an act of trust and faith. We are trusting the accountability and responsibility of these guys. The CA7CH guys are showing the same signals: no comunicacion, evading questions, no updates, asking for additional funds...This does not smell good. As in my previous experience, what really piss me off is the lack of accountability. While developing a product, many things can happen and many risks can become reality and prevent that the product can be commercially released. But, if there is communication, sense of urgency, respect and humility for the backers, the developers/creators could make us understand the reasons and while we would be unhappy for not getting the products, we would still respect and support them. I guess these guys don't even respect themselves... @Jhaeh: I think it will do much. It's a huge help for everybody seeking informations before pre-ordering. But on the other Hand it will sadly do nothing against the scheme of ca7ch because Kickstarter is not ready to inforce ist TOS. I think our last hope for some accountability is to act and increase the pressure on the People who are behind ca7ch (Rom eizenberg, Robert Kowalik and Leif Chastaine) on Facebook, twitter, linkedin and to inform the tech blogs about this campaign. Maybe they will care much more about their personal image more than they care about their company Jhaeh, just posted there too, they're completely taking the piss. I've just posted the following on their facebook page... "A few questions for you. Is there any reason why you're ignoring your kickstarter supporters? Taken the money and ran? A lot of people are shouting fraud in your direction. Any comment? I notice you're still taking preorders via your website for a cheaper price than your KS rewards and claiming to be dispatching at the end of March. Isn't that against the rules of KS? Why did you publish the results of your survey and make a big deal about how often backers would like to receive progress updates and then ignore us? Have you seen the amount of better designed wearable cameras that were announced after your KS campaign began that are currently available to buy now? How come you asked for $80,000 on KS, actually received just short of a quarter of a million and you're still not able to provide a shipping date? With all the additional funds you received, why are you seeking additional investment in order to complete your KS pre-orders? Do you think it's ethical/good business practice to take pre-orders for a product that you do not have the funds to complete? If you can see that your initial backers are unhappy with a redesign that nobody asked for, why are you carrying on with it? Or maybe you aren't carrying on with anything, it certainly looks that way. I await your response, as do the 1500+ backers on your KS page." I imagine it won't do much but it's worth a try I guess. Not even a comment to calm us down. What happens with you Ca7CH team???! Ken, less than a month ago you were saying this: "Everyone calm down, things take time. This is not an off the shelf product - it is custom made and being built to meet technical specifications and to standard expected for any commercially produced product - which are usually produced by conglomerates with enormous R&D budgets - remember hat KS is about being in it to support these kinds of new ideas and help lend a hand to help grow creative endeavours and launch initiatives of talented groups of people - outside of large corporate giants - and I this respect they are doing a good job - the product will arrive and the creators will make sure it is of the highest standard. ''The quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten'' What changed for you? In last update, they said this about external investment: "This effort has been looking positive and while nothing is signed yet, we hope to share some good news by mid March." I guess they didn't get their good news. If they don't get extra investment, we don't get any product. Ken I've backed about 7 projects. 1 delivered late but was ok. 1 delivered late, was changed in design and is unusable All the rest are late (repeatedly), comms are poor and quite a few cant give even give an expected delivery date now. All tell me I'm awesome. Kickstarter is a hotbed for people who couldn't get funding elsewhere as their business plans had so many holes in. Unfortunately now, for a lot of people, kickstarter is synonymous with fraud. @J yep exactly they say one thing and mean another - wether it's CA7CH Or KS it's all about defrauding out the $$$ and absolving themselves of any responsibility to the project patrons. I have backed over 60 projects - about 20-35% are like this broken promises and complete absence to even acknowledge you exist once they have the $$$ - no more KS for me - had enough of its BS and lame excuses to avoid taking any responsibility for their business model I must say I am not too excited about this project any more. The lack of communication from Ca7ch has made this project less appealing and another business that really doesnt care much about customer satisfaction. If we ever get the cameras, I would wonder how customer service would be if we had any questions... Hopefully, they are busy working hard on getting this out to us. Ken, maybe they should put that on their Trust & Safety page: <url>— and it's a lot easier for them to do that when they know where you're coming from. Be responsive. Do your best to answer backers' questions and address their concerns, quickly and thoroughly. It's a great way of showing people that you're reliable, available, and committed to your project. Be honest. Sometimes it's tempting to "sell" your project with a glossy pitch and assurances that the work will be easy. But backers can trust you much more when you're being straightforward and honest. Give them a real look at the work you're doing, and be frank about the risks and challenges involved. ------------- What is the point of putting this in black and white and then when creators clearly do the opposite of these things just ignore the facts. All that happens is that people won't want to use Kickstarter any more. At this point in time, I'm not expecting ca7ch to ever come to fruition. To have burnt through $245k when they only needed $80k shows complete ineptitude in project planning and budgeting and a shocking disregard for their customers/backers. No more KS for me. Complete BS Got a response from Kickstarter they basically said screw you guys; Thanks for reaching out and bringing this to our attention. I’m sorry to hear that backing the CA7CH project has been a frustrating experience. Projects that launch on Kickstarter are often in the early stages of development. As such, creators will occasionally miss the mark on their initial estimated completion dates. Delays can occur for any number of reasons, but they are almost always in order to maintain or improve the quality of the project’s end result. Still, it’s important to us that creators communicate this information to backers along the way. It does look like the project creator has posted a Project Update addressing the delays. You can view that here: <url>"we are not yet 100% sure on a final delivery date. From what it seems, we are shooting for end of March - early April to ship. We will provide you with a hard date as soon as we know it for certain and we really feel bad for the delays and discomfort. On the flip side we can promise you that once shipped, you will be holding a premium quality product in your hands!" I'm going to stick my neck on the line and say that this WILL NOT be "end of March - early April to ship" Complete bunch of fraudsters. At least have the courage to confront the facts and explain what's happening. We trusted you and your crew. We need information! Realizing that you stated 'mid March' as your target date for deliveries, it's the 15th of March. So much for credibility. Please state which year's mid March you think you have in mind. Their are about 10 different cameras like this now some identical to the original design we liked and originally backed. They have taken to long the competition caught up and even passed them. Do a Google search of wearable cameras. I know we haven't even been given a delivery date yet still waiting to hear from Kickstarter So you can pre order for cheaper than a kickstarter backer had to pay. And they're telling people delivery in March. Fraud with a capital F. Btw also still renders on that site o_O I see the white one also has a grey instead of a white banner when I check that website below. If that is the case, I like a refund. I am not an advertisement-boy walking the streets. speechless. <url>"will keep a transparent dialogue with supporters so they can see the progress at each step." "However, we are very confident that even with unforeseen delays, we will be shipping the product this winter at the latest." winter has come and gone, so much for that promise. The big question though, is what has happened to all our money? This was 3 times oversubscribed and yet, they;re still seeking more investment. What happens if they don't get it? What happens if they do get it and the investors want their names in lights on the front of the product. Catch, I want my money back now please. I am starting to get annoyed with Kickstarter. I am in few projects, three of them just go silent or worse.... Not delivering : Jyrobike, Ditto and Ca7ch Lightbox, two of them not the cheapest of all. Kickstarter does not seem to care. In future I use KS to monitor nice projects and just buy from them when they go live. Much safer and you are more flexible. You are not tied to the insecurity of the project owner. Good luck kickstarter. Incredibly disappointed by the lack of professional behaviour and complete lack of communications that this project has displayed it is a discredit to Kickstarter, but more importantly a very large snub in the face to all the supporters who put their hands into their own pockets to help establish the project. It is selfish, lazy and entirely dishonourable - shame - if people backed a project of mine - I would find 5mins a week to blurt out the latest happenings Please provide some indication on your timelines for delivery and/or refund. The silence is deafening. Please provide an update on timing. Has there been any mention about buying additional backup batteries? ------ yes, last year. Progress of DVT??? Sorry, but I haven't kept up on comments. Has there been any mention about buying additional backup batteries? It may be hard to recharge when you're out doing things or taping while driving. Willing to wait patiently for an awesome product! Haters shouldn't be pledging on Kickstarter to begin with! Thanks! Why would they bother, they don't need us anymore. Their business works only with money, not people and com. @creator at least address our concerns and show us we are wrong! ;) haha touché. hn51, when you say stress, do you mean like this? "h5n1 on January 22 It pisses me off that you guys choose not to share this information. I totally understand delays, hell I count on them. What I just don't understand, and don't want to understand, is the fact that you just don't share information. Really delays are not a problem just let us be part of the development of your product. That's why most of us are here. Just don't blatantly disrespect our trust in your company and in your product." People getting stressy over external funding should keep their mouth shut. Most of the time tech companies who have crowdfunding campaigns get, and need, external funding. @creator: take your time guys, the market will wait for you. You have the better product and the better business model anyway: <url>"near" with never solid dates. This project was successfully funded July 19th, 2014(!) with an original ship date of sometime in October. It's now March 2nd, 2015(!!), 6 months later than the original ship date..half a year. We've seen one demo video and a bunch of mock ups and crappy graphs and use response statistics that are unverifiable. I'm expecting a "We've run out of money during R&D process". Everyone, ask yourselves, do you really see this being delivered? According to your survey, people want a weekly update. Tomorrow is one week since your last update. You asked how offten we'd like updates, you had your answer, will you commit to it ? Since the delivery date changed, you should be even more present for us backers. Did all of the money just go to salaries? You guys haven't done enough test runs to burn through the amount of cash you raised. So disappointed.. I will never back another kickstarted project. So far every on has not delivered for me. This one seemed to have everything figured out and they showed it all working. I felt good about it. All they needed was money for tooling. Looks like all our money went elsewhere I am thinking about it, but will see about it in March and see what their update is going to be before finalizing my decision. I'm thinking about refund too. @ca7ch I just got my ship date for military and I don't want to be in basic training and miss my chance for a refund. Will someone contact me from ca7ch to work this out please And also the fact that the current design looks considerably different to the original. I've had enough now, I've reported this to KickStarter for violating the rule of "Projects must be honest and clearly presented." I would urge anyone similarly frustrated to do the same. I've mentioned the results from the survey as I believe they are falsified or misleading, the additional money requested for additional batteries as a stretch goal, the association with ION SnapCam which is likely to come to market before backers receive their product (violating another KS rule) and the general lack of communication, false promises and admission of running out of money prior to completing. "We are planning to ship cameras to you by January 23rd, 2015. There is a fair chance we will actually make it sooner and we are working day and night to make delivery deadlines just before Christmas" This was back in November, now nearly 4 months later, we can't even get a date for delivery. Fraud. @Lawrence: Sorry mate but there is no room for interpretation about the last update and the new direction the creator is taking. Reading an update is also reading between its lines and what it left unmentioned. And maybe it's also interesting to compare it to prior updates. The creator deceived us about all the aspects of the product and is already not going to fullfill anything we pledged for. The "when" question is not as secondary as you put it. A product coming with several months or a year late is a product which is months or a year behind the tech you can get on the market. One more thing, the creator wasn't at all interested in fullfilling the pledges but in getting cash to develop a brand and look for investors to cash in. But it looks like that they need more of it without delivering anything tangible. If it's still too speculativ for you, ask the creator about the affiliation to the ION SnapCam. And let's talk again when the ION SnapCam beats the Lightbox to the market. Counter to recent posts, I'm not worried about IF Lightbox will ship to kickstarter backers, but WHEN and it's aesthetics. The funding message, "in order to raise additional investment to fund execution and go-to-market as we near launch and ship dates. We are looking to grow the internal team as well as to fund the cost of some of the delays we incurred. " did not say development / proof of concept was in danger, but to move the Lightbox forward commercially, where their company may become profitable, would benefit from additional funding. Primary costs incurred during delays are salaries and rents, due to the additional time. Costs due to redesign were not mentioned. The "to fund execution" is problematic since it is nonspecific as to what is being executed. @Ca7ch, good luck with your business. Please do clarify if current funds will cover the Kickstarter backers' pledges. All we have is interpretations, which following project delays are likely to trend negative. 27% of the backers wants a weekly update. 37% every couple weeks. YOU asked that last question. Now will you provide weekly update or is your survey completely useless ? The note about funding is concerning!! I had that experience with another KS "Goldee" and at the end there was no product, no refund. I understood clearly the risks when I pledged for this but still would be a great disappointment if they run out of money... @Creator: You guys are nothing but criminals. You already burned all the money and still haven't got at least the first batch. In the update you brag about the faked survey and roll back the communication strategy to early December: no relevant information about the product or about the timeline. I'm sure I'll see a unicorn before I c7tch a lightbox. But I'm fine with it, that's the price to pay to learn to never trust guys with such biographies like yours again. PS: You should hire the PR guy from the last update, he gave a lot of us at least some (false) hope. Or is the cash completely gone? "... raise additional investment to fund execution and go-to-market as we near launch and ship dates." What the heck? This sounds a lot like I'm about to be out $149. I was under the impression that the way this worked was you asked for enough money to be able to deliver a product, not for enough to handle your R&D expenses. I'm especially concerned since you exceeded your goal so dramatically. A comment from creator 27 days ago in response to the overwhelmingly negative comments about the branding strip on the front - 'Regarding the industrial design on the light bar we will work on options.' No news on this in the new update at all. No news on the estimated mid-March to April shipping date. News on the fact that despite achieving three times your goal, you need more private funding for 'the execution and go-to-market phase'. This worries me most of all. I do think that you should offer refunds to your backers if they are not happy with the new branding design that has nothing to do with technical aspects (like the camera being moved was), and they were not consulted about. @Ken Lee - The reason people are getting irrate has nothing to do with waiting for the product. Please understand this. I'll happily wait for the perfect product. It's the re-design that we didn't ask for that is clearly not being well-received by the backers. It's the broken promises, the poor/non-existent communication and the complete disregard of the backer's opinion that has people annoyed. On the 10th of Feb we were told to expect an update at the end of that week. Is everyone at the company that busy that they couldn't have followed it up with a, "Sorry, something came up, X happened which means we had to do Y. We'll update for definite on xxxx." ?? It's also the way that they appeared to be taking on board the dissatisfaction at the redesign when they released the questionnaire, only for it to be not really be addressed on there. The majority of people who have commented on here have legitimate complaints that are being ignored. Everytime there's a new update, we are told that things will get better, that progress is being made, that they appreciate our input, that they're listening, that they care. But the creator's actions do not match their words! @KES I am on the wait for a GOJI lock - and they are shipping in April - the project hasn't been abandoned Everyone calm down, things take time. This is not an off the shelf product - it is custom made and being built to meet technical specifications and to standard expected for any commercially produced product - which are usually produced by conglomerates with enormous R&D budgets - remember hat KS is about being in it to support these kinds of new ideas and help lend a hand to help grow creative endeavours and launch initiatives of talented groups of people - outside of large corporate giants - and I this respect they are doing a good job - the product will arrive and the creators will make sure it is of the highest standard. ''The quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten'' This is My last Kickstarter backing, this is the second time I've been worried I've been scammed. Frustrated! Want my money back Sound familiar to anyone? It apppears our story has been written before...<url>’s legally obligated to do. Said it will be offered when the shipping time comes. New design is ugly, i'm looking forward to having the shipping date. Since it's Tuesday I will give them a few days to give me a good update. Still waiting on the promised refund options, for both the camera and the additional battery that I stupidly paid for. This whole company/product is a farce. No update? I'm really not surprised. So far we've only received false promises. Please give the option for refund right now. Or was this also a lie? What a way to run a business! The good news about no update this week was that we didn't have some new design feature that none of us wanted foisted upon this week. How can you guys continue to fail so hard? You promised an update. Give an update. And give a shipping date as well... Frustrated! Want my money back I completely regret backing this project. This is more then frustrating. This is stupid. Where is that update? You let us know you're going to do something, then do it. Don't hang stuff like this in front of us and then not do it without any explanation. Como on!!! Any updates "Hey Everyone, an update coming by the end of the week" This week ? Any updates on this? It's been 4 months since we were supposed to receive Early Birds and there's no clear timeframe on this. Thanks NC2 looks good, but doesn't appear to have the video function or event sharing servers of the Ca7ch Lightbox. Last Day of the week! No update yet!! Agree. narrative clip2 looks good! End of week and still no update... It's not that hard @Marco thanks! The first Clip was not as an attractive option as the Ca7ch we all originally backed. Now with all this light bar and recording indicator nonsense this looks awesome, the Clip 2 seems like a much better alternative if the Ca7ch continues on their latest design path Yeeeeeaaaahhhhh I just won a getnarrative.com/#/z0AQT8 When this one gets released, I can compare them. Looking forward for an update today! Great to know that So what's going on? Are we getting our ca7ch any time soon? Just updated the software and was able to register although it took a bit to figure out the birthday. I had to set year, then day, then month, otherwise it kept setting it back to today. Update would be good, considering the initial date has changed, there should be an update every week or so. Logging for 5 minutes should not be difficult. Any updates? I have not received. When do I get it? Note that 4 days ago they talked about adressing refund request when they are ready to ship. Since i do not agree with the LED in front, i will ask one. This should not be an eye catching product. The thing that rankles is that the LED strip was introduced very very quietly. It was only when it appeared in the video and I asked the following along with a few other folk asking similar: 'J on January 8 "LEDs are for development purposes primarily" This suggests that there are other purposes that the LEDs are there for, i.e. that they're going to be staying. I think it's good to have some mechanism to show you that the device is on and in which mode, but not an LED on the front of the device which completely transforms the lightbox concept from that which I pledged my money for." that Catch motion admitted what the LEDs were for: "With regard to the LEDs, in the video they are on all the time, which was done for debugging purposes and will NOT be the case in the final delivered product. The LEDs will be on the front of the camera, however they will not be on all the time, they will indicate on/off, WiFi/BT status, battery status, and shooting modes only and based on the feedback below, we'll also provide a way to turn them off." If we hadn't asked, Catch wouldn't have said anything, really shoddy way to treat backers. @Laurent HUSSON Amazing. I hope your faith was rewarded with as good a product as you expected I received yesterday the Parashoot I've contributed some months ago on an other crowndfunding platform. I like the black front side with nothing visible except the lens. The brand name is on the back side with CE, FCC, ... signs and 3 micro LEDs. I hope that Ca7ch product will be the same look and not the current as exposed some days ago. Apparently there is no plan to rectify the unwanted light bar. This is no longer what I backed. Why do I have to wait (till April?!) for a refund? Creators, can you please acknowledge here that the light bar was solely your decision, and that the backers had no knowledge of the light bar until the more recent updates? Survey question "We told everybody that in order to accommodate additional memory we had to move the lens off the center. How do you feel about the new design?" -- no mention of the light bar at all. I don't think it is an honest question. @Nim they worded it that way specifically so that if they get a high number rating they can attribute that to the overall design being approved, when in reality it just means that people are OK with the camera being moved. Agree completely with the below. The first question seems to be targeting the camera movement, but there is nothing about the LED light strip appearance - I've had to mention it in the free text. Given how much feedback you've had on this in the comments, I'm surprised you've not addressed it directly. @creator, I mentioned this in the survey response, but the first question is phrased poorly. The moving of the camera and the aesthetic design changes (front led/branding) and two separate things. People may be more than happy with the moving of the camera but furious over the other two issues. Survey completed. @Creator, I am still 100% in your camp. I have been since the beginning, and you've been very up front answering all of my questions and considering my suggestions. I'm convinced you have the best interests of your users in mind, and put my faith behind your efforts. I'm content to wait as long as it takes, but hope you'll be expeditious and not get sidetracked by a shiny ball or something. ;) By the way, all of you, when something is kept unobtrusive and quiet, it's DISCREET. "Discrete" means "individually separate and distinct", as in discrete components vs. integrated circuitry. We definitely want the Lightbox to be DISCREET so it does not call undue attention. We do NOT want it DISCRETE because then it would be the size of a paperback book. We WANT it to use integrated circuits, because that's the essence of microminiaturization. I'm not being a spelling **** here, I'm just being clear. I personally am a fan of the new design! Keep up the good work and looking forward to the update! @Creator. Appreciate the communication and engagement with backers, and the attempt to take on board our comments. Look forward to the update today to see what the impact of these changes will be on the design. @Creator Thank you for getting back to us and acknowledging our frustration. I will be looking forward to the update. @Creator, thanks for listening and all your posts today. Looking forward for your update today! Also no one pushed a stretch goal of adding branding, LEDs. You are playing fast and loose with backers comments about you guys slowing down to add new features. The only push we asked for was many months ago at the moment the project closed, for extra hard drive space. No, these are both half-baked concessions to provide what we originally backed 1) we don't want branding And we don't want the bar at all. Day time use is not a compelling argument. I don't see a bar being implemented by your competitors. 2) no led or sound or feedback of any kind is wanted for any device activity. Recording as well as powering on/off should All be user-selectable as being silent and discrete. The fact that you deny informing us about the development is simply unprofessional and highly dubious. You are already late with several months and maybe you should finally overthink your communication strategy. As you have concealed the changes in design, you have already caused considerable dissatisfaction and delay. Isn't it time to change the way you interact with us, the guys who believed in you and show more openness? It is ultimately about your reputation and credibility. You can not avoid mistakes in communication and broken deadlines with no communication concerning dates and process at all. It's a stick your head in the sand strategy. You are obliged to tell us how far you are and what is still open. What about the lens tuning? What about wifi and bluetooth? What about the DVT and EVT (Is it done? EVT-1 was in october, EVT-2 was in November)? What about the final Molds? When is the production ramp up going to happen? What about the app and the severall bugs in it? If you can't answer, then you have to tell us why! This way of thinking that everything must remain secret just does not belong here in a KS project and has led to the disaster with the Branding/Diffuser bar. You changed the design of the front face in october (at that time you it was EVT-1) but waited till january to show it to us. How much time do you still need to realise that you communication and development strategy is a total failure? As long as you keep us in the dark, you are abusing our trust in your sincerity and in crowdfunding. Who is being impatient here? I think it is those asking to stop development and move on to production phase. A lot of us can accept some delay, as long as we are kept informed of the reason and the progress, estimated shipping dates etc. We all liked what we saw in the beginning, so we backed the project. But instead of producing the promised product, the creator took our money and our time, and turned the project into something else. We can accept reasonable delay, but we are waiting for the original promised product, not any "enhanced" redesign. This project could have been completed last year using the original design. But the creator decided to change the design because HE thought it would be better. And he did that without any discussion with his backers. So who is to blame when many of us don't appreciate the new design? We did not give our money for the creator to experiment on this new version! I absolutely dislike the new design. I want what I backed. Look guys, stop being so impatient. I only know of ONE Kickstarter I backed that has come anywhere NEAR its original delivery date. It's pretty much the one constant about KS projects, that the originally-planned delivery date is pretty much a wild-ass guess. I don't mind if the date slides because the project clearly requires more time. I want the devs to give quality effort and produce something they can be proud of. However... Like I said in my last post, the most frustrating thing in ANY project is the dreaded "feature creep". That isn't the date sliding because of development issues, problems with manufacturers, governmental red tape, unforeseen materials problems, natural disasters, or acts of God. It's when the developers can't make up their minds, or let themselves get mesmerized by the wealth of ideas they keep having and hanging onto the original project. Usually, they begin with the phrase "wouldn't it be NEAT if..." and end up slipping the delivery date between 1 and 6 months. Feature creep can KILL a project dead as a Dalek, by dragging the project out past the available money supply, or beyond the ability of the developers to actually MAKE the gizmo. Case in point, Neal Stephenson's "CLANG" project, which I backed, and which produced nothing even close to what was originally proposed. I don't mind if CA7CH takes a few months over the original time frame to produce the best possible product that fulfills the original project intent. Things do change in design, because of things like the sizes of components discovered over the course of the design cycle, UL certification issues that require that things move, RF interference issues that require heavier shielding or addition of ferrites to keep it in compliance with Part 15, etc. etc., ad nauseam. Those are reasonable, normal, and mostly unavoidable. But tossing in aesthetic issues that will significantly delay the project, or adding "features" that don't add to, but detract from, the original proposed design, etc. The diffuser qua diffuser doesn't bother me, but I agree with others who say put your logo on the BACK. Logos draw the eye and concentrate attention -- that's what they're for. I would rather the thing be unobtrusive as possible. Toward that end, if there's a "record" LED on the front, please have an option to disable it in the software, I definitely don't want a blinking light letting people know I'm recording -- this is going to be a SECURITY device for me, and that means keeping it on the down-low as much as possible. The Looxcie I'm replacing had a record LED, but you could turn it off. The device itself resembled a Bluetooth headset for my phone, so people had less of an idea that it might be a camera. But the company dropped their consumer product line, and all of the functionality provided as an online service for the thing went away. That, and the battery life SUCKED. THIS device looks to be more flexible, small, unobtrusive, has more features, and has better battery life. I am willing to wait for it to be done, and done RIGHT. But please stop adding new cool gizzies to it, and get on with it. It's time to put the project to bed, freeze development and move to the production phase. Lol, this project is a joke. Always some new delay or new modification needed, 6 months and still not even close to delivery. Stop changing everything every week set a deadline and stick to it. I'm waiting until the end of Feb then will be getting a refund one way of the other. The new design may be a good or bad thing. But it does not represent what we originally backed for. The creators have broken the contract and I'm not obliged to pay. I think I'm probably one of he minority that doesn't mind the redesign of the product. Still looks pretty sleek to me, am a little sad to see the symmetrical look of the center lens go away, but still pretty solid to me. I would love to hear more about the software side of the house and see if they improved the ease of use and editing of photos. Seemed a little in its infancy last time I used it. I have been waiting this products for six months already, and now it's still in a process of changing design??? You must be kidding me.... I need a refund too!!! How long do I have to wait ???.\/. I bought into not only the sleek design of the Lightbox, but the networked Event concept. Not knowing if the design aesthetic will edge back toward the original design, I've started to consider printable skins. Less permanent, but they will cover the LEDs and branded lightbar. So, @Creator, as soon as you've optimized the innerds, I'm ready to receive my Lightbox. Still no delivery date? I'm not surprised. Why would the creators want to deliver any time soon, when it is certain to trigger more refund requests than they can handle? Problems: Drastic redesign without asking your backers. Poor communication and updates. Big delay. Let me just quote from your product description page, "our anticipated inventory shelf date for the U.S. is October, at which time we plan to start shipping cameras to our backers. It is important to note that although we have built flexibility into our schedule, there may be unforeseen delays. However, we are very confident that even with unforeseen delays, we will be shipping the product this winter at the latest." How much longer for a delivery date? Come on guys we have been waiting for a long time. Let us know please I also don't like the new design with the very clear lightbox text. The camera in the corner instead of the center is acceptable. But put your brand name on the back, not on the front. If not possible, I'm also a candidate to get a refund ! The creators clearly do not respect the backers. I will not accept the redesigned product. The only question that remains is how to obtain a refund. @antonio schillaci, I believe the possibility for camera actionaction based on motion, sound, acceleration was presented as possible during the funding phase. @creator, is it still possible with the new SDK or an updated Ca7ch app? Google translate text from @antonio schillaci: Hello , I do not like the strip that you see with the inscription of the brand of the product , please remove it. The LED I hope that during the recording you can turn off . I also hope that the camera can be used as a surveillance device hidden , then with motion sensor that activates recording the passage of someone who is in the vicinity of the lightbox . I also hope that there is language in the app Italian final , thanks . Ciao,non mi piace la striscia che si vede con la scritta della marca del prodotto,vi prego di toglierla. Il led spero che durante la registrazione si possa spegnere. Spero anche che la telecamera si possa usare come dispositivo di videosorveglianza occultato,quindi con sensore di movimento che attivi la registrazione al passaggio di qualcuno che si trovi in prossimità del lightbox. Spero anche che ci sia la lingua italiana nell'app finale,grazie. This is to say - we do not have a confirm shipping date yet. ------ As Steve Jobs said, "Real artists ship" Stop messing about, set a date, and some contingency to it and set a later date even and then let people know what that date is. How on earth can this project have been funded 7 months ago and yet you can't even give a date when you think you're going to be complete even though you are already 2 months overdue from delivery date. Please remove the bar and LEDs. Also update your website so you don't mislead pre-order customers into buying a camera that looks nothing like what your are planning on pushing upon us vs. the original design I'm just about done with this project. I'll be keeping my eyes open for the refund options as it's clear I won't be getting the product I backed (or anything else) any time soon. This whole project is a farce. It pisses me off that you guys choose not to share this information. I totally understand delays, hell I count on them. What I just don't understand, and don't want to understand, is the fact that you just don't share information. Really delays are not a problem just let us be part of the development of your product. That's why most of us are here. Just don't blatantly disrespect our trust in your company and in your product. @creator: Let me summarize your answers: 1. Nope, we are not going to redesign and yes you have no choice but to accept a product you didn't back. 2. Nope, we are not going to tell you what's the eta on our progress and yes you have no choice but to accept that we don't want to inform you. Let me quote KS "If a creator turns the creative process into a story they share with backers, delays don't have to be bad news." Thanks to the experience with you guys, I just canceld 2 projects I wanted to support. Keep privacy on the unit, and let the user decide who, what and when any one sees the use LED should be on the side, not front, this is obvious. If the LED stays in the front, i will not buy more of your products for sure. Please remove the ugly branding bar(light Box), and don't put any recording LED light in front of the face plate leave the face plate clear and simple. but we need a LED beside the charging port to shown the charging status. This user's account has been deleted. @Creator: You keep not answering several questions. What is the status about delivery date. I know it depends on solving the problem you caused by going alone with the branding element/light bar, but you still can give us a schedule on the time needed for production, packaging, app... etc! From your comments, I understand you're not going to redesign. And by skipping the question about affiliation to ION and the SnapCam, you delivered an answer. Here is my last question before giving up completely on this project. What about making your beloved diffuser/light/branding bar swappable? If it's a rubberised material it should be no problem and will not consume so much cash. Throw to each backer 3 on top to the one choosed in the survey: 1 without branding, 1 not diffusing and 1 without both (all in the same color to the one choosed in the survey). In the future you can add color and maybe even "make your own" options online. In one comment you made the accusation that the backers are not constructiv, but all I see is that several backers have made good propositions. Now it's your turn to capitalise on this and deliver!!! PS: what's about the livestream option with the app? In an earlier update there were talks about a delivery date late January. What is the expected delivery date now? I already commented on the update, but seeing as how most people are viewing this page I'll repost a portion of it here. Apple has shown us that there is no need for a "defuser bar". Take a look at an Apple wireless keyboard, for those of you who don't have one: <url>"defuser bar" over them, it really just seems like a cheap way to put branding on the face plate. I love the idea of this project, thats why i backed it. I understand the delays (to an extent), and even the need to push the camera to the corner. But adding un-needed components is just feature/project creep and it needs to be stopped. I'm really looking forward to receiving the Lightbox. So please, can we stop bloating and mission creeping this project and get the first edition OUT before you start redesigning it AGAIN and taking ANOTHER four months for Chinese retooling and focus groups? If you want to redesign the color schemes and function of features, can you do that on version 2.0, and let this one actually see the light of day for a while? You'd probably get more useful data out of letting us USE them for a few months, and maybe asking us to comment or take a survey to help narrow down fixes for the NEXT version? I don't want it to be obtrusive and stand out. I want it to fade into the background and not be noticed. I want to be able to wear it and forget it, and not have to worry about some jackass trying to beat me up because he thinks I'm "invading his privacy". "We plan to address every comment separately" How do people get a refund? In the last update you showed a photo/render of the white Lightbox with a lanyard attached. But it's on the bottom of the unit. So when attached to the lanyard, it hangs upside down from your neck? Huh? What has happened with 100 Lightboxs to be distributed to a group of power users? Any feedback from them? Thanks for the update but I'm not convinced. I find the current redesign ugly and I will not back such a project. Please issue a refund. Thanks @creator. No chance of making an option for the 'lightbox strip' on the front to be dark grey on the black version? Seems to be lot of support from your backers at least for an option to do this. I know it's against popular opinion on here but I actually like the look. Offsetting the camera doesn't really bother me and I like the feedback led's will provide. Regardless of any of this i have to say the communication and regular comments are great and much appreciated - if only it would just arrive, lol. @Creator, any way I can get a refund please? Thanks, @Creator, just one more comment, �, putting the product name on the side allows for changing faceplates without losing branding. I have offered lightboxes to co-worker bride and groom for mid-April wedding. Unobtrusive was important since I want people to say, "Congratulations!" not "What's that?" So LED s off = yes, white+ black on the faceplate = no. @Creator, if I were marketing a new product I'd put the name front and center to get my name seen, but I think this placement voids the original intent of the Lightbox as the smallest, ergo least obtrusive cam. As a compromise could you etch the Lightbox name into the side housing? I'd recommend the same side as the camera where the eye / attention is likely being drawn anyway. I agree with Jhaeh as well - I don't remember which color I ordered but if you are going with the new design, I would prefer the choice to change to the white one as well if I or my wife had ordered the black. i would prefer it to be up to the user to decide if the unit should blink or not. I would be nice for the user to also control the power of the light - are you planning it to be strong enough to light a subject if needed? I like the new design, but, I really like the original design too, without the branding on the face of it. Before it was more of an art piece, no that the labeling is on it, it draws more unwanted attention I feel. An option to have the original version or the new look would be nice . . . . can i switch color btw? initially i wanted black, but i like the white version better, i also ordered a battery. I love the new design! Is that a Catch tomorrow, or a real tomorrow? Will backers of the black (and white striped) Lightbox be able to switch to the white one now since you have changed the design so significantly? I would prefer to do this and I think it would be an act of goodwill on your part. I actually like the new design. It's pretty different, and I can see why people might not prefer it, but I think it looks pretty nice. Hey, guys just wanted to voice my support for you guys. I agree I liked the look of the original a lot better but I'm more interested in having my Lightbox sooner then you guys having to do a whole redesign I'm not THAT concerned about the change and probably am not alone. Product development is hard good luck keep at it. Hope to have the lightbox delivered soon! Guys- I think you shall hear the voice of your customers....aesthetics is more important than size! A tsunami of backers asking refund will come soon I was 1 of the 1st comments deriding your recent departure from the original design. Now that I've had time to sit and really look at your latest aesthetic choices, I think I get your dilemma...you guys are probably taking it really hard that the camera had to be moved...and, without that unsightly (putting it lightly, sorry) LED strip you're left with a camera that Everyone is going to say, Huh?, why'd they put the lens there when alllll that 'empty' real estate is left behind. No one will know but us, the backers, about your issue of accommodating 8 extra GBs and if they did know they'd do what I do and scratch their head about the engineer who for some reason couldn't leave the camera as-is and use the camera's odd new location for the 8 extra GBs instead...or, use a single 16 GB module instead of 2x8 GB...I mean, this is now 2015. C'mon. The longer we keep waiting the more I feel new solutions are possible. Here is my plea, because I want that bleeping LED strip gone NOW please. But, I also realize your camera is going to look like a dummy designed it with all that black/white space left behind and then the 'random' lens being where it is with no other design elements left to make the lens appear more symmetrical... 1) scrap that strip entirely please!! 2) move the camera back to the middle and darn it, Fine, make the camera bigger as a result. I want want I originally backed aesthetically and either you need to step up as engineers and figure it out please or duh, just offer an 8 GB model only that looks good and centered. 3) Never put anything but the lens on the front of the camera again please "To accomplish all these changes WITHOUT increasing the size of Lightbox, we had to move the camera sensor to the edge of the board. But don’t worry, it still looks super beautiful! We will share an updated visual soon so stay tuned… " This was back in July, but you only just shared the updated visual now, unless you count the last picture tucked away in your Oct 30th update as 'sharing an updated visual". It does not still look super beautiful. It looks super tacky. I hate it when creators think they're doing everyone a favour by adding stuff that people didn't ask for and then having to change the design (which is what most people actually buy things for) so that it bears no resemblance to what was pledged for. It's like ordering a pizza and then the shop deciding they'll give you a pasta dish instead but with extra anchovies.... @Creator, thank you for adding memory and a better camera to the original promised Lightbox. I recognize and accept that the additions led to moving the camera off-center. My hopes is that there is still time to return to the original aesthetic of a curved offset surrounding the LED-Mic-Camera circular openings. @Carlos Poon, prior to the close of the Kickstarter funding time, requested that you consider removing the chrome banding to reduce reflections. Unfortunately the development prototype shown in the video not only increased its visibility by using a hallmark of "man-made" design, the straight line, but even more reflective chrome around the camera opening. If you are unable to change the Lightbox housing, due to where you are in the manufacturing process, perhaps I could transfer the circuit board into a custom 3d printed box or just print a front face. I recognize by doing so I'd likely lose any waterproofing you built in, and perhaps (perhaps not?) void any warranty. For all those naysayers out there, I respectfully disagree. I too, would love a refund of my $400 since I do not have a Lightbox in my hand, but I believe this company is creating a better product than the original concept. The truth is building hardware and software is more complex and sophisticated than most people know. Yes, it will not look like what the concept was, but does anyone know why? The fact is that the micro components inside this board are of a higher quality and standard than some of the cheaper versions now being introduced into the technology scene. This will make the final version of the device ACTUALLY do what Ca7ch claims it will do. So they had to move the camera module to the side, this allowed for a larger memory and processor, things happen. I bought into this because I loved the idea and the concept of the live streaming from a micro camera to the cloud. I am a product engineer myself for software, I know how hard this can be. With Ca7ch doing both the hardware and software side of this device, there is no doubt it's a highly technical and expensive thing to do. I wish them the best and I will continue to wait patiently for my Lightbox to arrive. If I did not want to help a start-up build something new and unique, I would have gone to Best Buy to buy a streaming camera. Everyone on Kickstarter is an entrepreneur themselves and those backers are helping change the world funding their products. This is exciting to me, I believe everyone on this thread. That is why you are here. I like micro, craft brews. I feel like I will buy beer, most of the time at a higher cost to support the small brewer serving me his passion. I feel I must buy into his brew if I want to keep enjoying it into the future. There are many of these startup brewery now, and I will do what I can to make sure they thrive into tomorrow. Lets all keep the faith that this will be an awesome product that we can use to capture our lives. I don't have much to add, i agree with everyone. LED in the front make it look like a toy and exclude discretion. Bad, very bad. Whether the LEDs are on or off, the white strip on the black body looks ridiculous, cheap and no where near like the product that I originally backed. When you finally do ship, will the camera come with a roll of electrical tape to stick over the white strip to make it look less like a toy? Ca7ch you've been caught out! I want a refund. @Creator. Please listen to feedback from your backers. I'm often a supporter of creators under fire from backers for all sorts of reasons, most often delays, lack of communication etc. However, in this case, I have to agree with many of the points raised. The fundamental issue here is that of the original idea for a sleek DISCRETE camera. The original plans had a plain faceplate. Particularly in the black version seen in the video, even when the LEDs are off there is a glaring white strip across it! I wanted to catch snapshots of my son growing up, as ANY camera or smartphone I use he tried to just grab. With either glowing LEDs on the front, or a ridiculous white strip, he's still going to go for it. Feedback is fine - we understand the need for it. But please reposition the LEDs from the front to the top/bottom/side/back, make them less obvious and less bright, and listen to your backers. Feedback: absolutely ok, but has this feedback to be displayed on the front? The defining point of this product is to be discreet and not intrusive. With several LEDs AND icons on the front you leave this accurately defined market. ------ Tario, agree with everything you say, and this point in particular. I believe you need some sort of indicator (on/off/recording/battery low etc) but not right on the from of the device that makes it look like something you brought from a joke shop. @Creator:Please define agressiv. Is every comment not celebrating the departure from the initial project agressiv? Are the over months delay and the lack of regular communication agressiv? Or is demanding from backers to behave nicely and obediant agressiv? LEDs: Please refer to one wearable or action cam apart from the snapcam with so much LEDs on the front (btw what is your affiliation to the snapcam?). Narrative, MeMini, Autographer, Unieye, Looxcie... No one has so much LEDs on the front. I'm ok with one LED to signal recording (from an ethical point of view) but not ok with so much light. For other purposes I already backed the Lume Cube (<url>"2 color LED indicator") and do you think that this move is in compliance with the TOS of Kickstarter? Please, just explain the idea behind this move and don't tell me "this was worked with a top designer". Feedback: absolutely ok, but has this feedback to be displayed on the front? The defining point of this product is to be discreet and not intrusive. With several LEDs AND icons on the front you leave this accurately defined market. Survey: Good idea! But why now? Would you react to the survey and move the LEDs from the front? ETA and Delivery: How are we doing on this front? When are you going to deliver? If I'm still too agressiv, please just refund me and I'm gone. I didn't back this product and I'm not a consumer. I backed an idea and you left it. I was in for the original sleek design and not for the actual. Catch, when you do your update, please advise how backers can get refunds now that you have radically departed from the concept we backed. Thank you so much. @Leif: Is it so hard to understand the market? If the backers don't like LEDs on the front the mass market will neither. You and your designer can explain it to whom and how long you want, but it won't change our taste. What about the pressure button on the top, was it also an idea of the designer? WE DIDN'T BACK THIS DESIGN and I'm certain you will have a hard time pitching it to investors. In other projects, backers would have already been talking about bait and switch. From your comment I understand that either the PCBs are already produced or you have no cash left for redesign. So please come straight and tell us the truth. The sooner the better. I also would like to hear about the possibilities for a refund! Catch, how can people get their money back if they don't like the radical departure in design from that which they pledged for? When I backed this project, I was fully aware that I'm not backing a revolution in wearable cams but with some luck an evolution. Mainly a revision of the Unieye (also known as the parashoot, looxcie 3, Quadcam...), because the first renders were to 90% identical. But as I already own two and know how they definitely needs to be upgraded, I hoped I'll get with the lightbox a better app, better sepcs and hopefully better design. Well I was wrong and I backed a project with zero innovation! Not only that now the narrative clip 2 and the ION SnapCam are much better, no, you want to deliver us something totally different from what you initially introduced (which is btw against the TOS of KS). When I look at the lightbox from the video, I ask my self, what exactly is causing so much delays? Please check the new Narative Clip and learn from them if you don't have time or means to innovate: move the LEDs from the front to the side. And try to change on the original pressure button from the unieye. I would rather ask for a refund, but as we all learned, KS is not going to react. So I'm just hopping that I'll get anything from ca7ch. This is nothing like what we pledged for from the start. It's a different product now. Can I get a refund? So much for discretion... Could we have a new estimation for delivery ? "LEDs are for development purposes primarily" This suggests that there are other purposes that the LEDs are there for, i.e. that they're going to be staying. I think it's good to have some mechanism to show you that the device is on and in which mode, but not an LED on the front of the device which completely transforms the lightbox concept from that which I pledged my money for. I never backed a device with such a big ugly LED and off-centred lens. Please refund if the project cannot be completed with the promised design. I agree the look of the LED and the position of the lens are issues. I hope the final product is not what we just saw. How much longer do we have to wait? This is getting old!!! @jhaeh agreed. I can put up with the delays. But if the LED is in the final release I'd rather have a refund than the device. @Gordon, I don't see your point on a device you would care on your chest clipped to a shirt, taking "from the hip"-pictures... Same a for a smart-phone... did every take serious pictures with a iPhone and got in trouble by it's lens position?? The led strip makes the whole thing look cheap and nasty. I rewlly hope this is not representative of the final product. The original design looked like something Apple would release, this new design looks like something from a knockoff Oriental website. Agree that lens position should be kept central if possible. It is important in terms of angle of view for many reasons. @Marco yes the position of the lens can be an issue on the iPhone. It effects the way you take an image. Do you have to move it this way or that, does the phone need to be flipped upside down to get a lower angle, etc. For a device like the lightbox its pretty important to have it be dead center so that you know the angle at which you are capturing your frame. there's a reason why every other device of this kind is dead center. Any relationship with snapcam by iON ? <url>"parashoot". As if ca7ch took over their playbook. I just can't get how some creators come here over to KS without fullfilling the basics of crowdfunding. If a creator has no time or no interest in backers, he or she has to look for angels or a bank. I respect every creator who doesn't want to be anoyed or disturbed, but I have no understanding for him or her if he chooses crowdfunding and then goes on radio silence! Btw, 3 weeks until shipping. 1 month and a half with no update. Some projects i have backed had excellent communication and marketting plans, If one creator is capable of great com, all creators should be able too. I blame the creators. A KS project with tremendous difficulties should do just fine with great com. Com is the key to a KS project, therefore to me this project is a failure regarding all marketting, and i wish the creator good luck making a business with poorly treated backers. Stuart, I get that sense too. Communication is weak point for all kickstarter projects Ive backed I'm afraid. Just had the below from them in response to a query I sent. It feels like a genuine ks project trying to do something special and just being very poor at communicating about it. Fingers crossed! We agree, we are behind on a full update - and we'll be posting shortly to all backers. I'll update you personally. We've integrated the camera and the app and we are working though testing and functionality. We've identified a few design/operating challenges with the camera including button alignment, image quality, and charging clip alignment. More details to come in the update. It's a very complex project and we're moving ahead, just more slowly than we like... Best, Leif Tario, Facebook profile still there: <url>"test" event Feb. 7th, to prepare for a March wedding, so I hope for a January 23rd shipping, and while the Ca7ch team said, " . . . we will be shipping the product this winter at the latest." in the original story page, I very much hope shipping will be well before March 21, 2015. I realize it's a more complex device than the Narrative Clip, but if you address having trouble, update us with that and a new plan. They missed again, no update,no response! can I still use the coupon code for Extended Battery Pack ? Will they make it before xmas ? I hope so. Wait, what ? William, they didn't say 2015.. Last update you guys said you expect to ship by Jan 23rd. Are you on track? @Tcrew: who's talking about money? Everyone is asking for updates: a line or two about the status would be enough! Have you read this: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. its only been a month have alittle more patience jeez they have photo's of them self up on the updates unlike the ones that do take your money and run Guess who logged in today? Yes, the guys who have no explanation at all for their failure! I'm just wondering what will they do in the future after such a huge mistake. I'm pretty sure there is no way out for them. They're just keeping this total silence instead of coming clean and apologize. Now we all have to report this campaign to KS. We have to make it public. Agree. I joined this kickstart community this year and so far has been a bad experience. Not what I expect; and I am not talking about product delays, etx which are in some way expected; I am talking about the creators who are not providing updates and not sharing how the product is being developed... Another month with no update, for a product that is supposed to be deliver next month... Except for the backers (wich you obviously don't respect), this campain is not the spirit of KS. I sincerely regret backing this project. I really haye to see the creator loggin in, but keeping quiet. Ths is the biggest proof of disrespect towards us. Also no more KS for I have supported 4 KS I found that the product is not so reliable It was promising until we can't CA7CH the creator's update :( @Ryan: That was me interpreting Rom. That was not an official statement from Rom. Sorry for the confusion. But as he doesn't want to deliver the truth, I thaught I can make it easy for him. And I even bought an extra battery via their website. No more KS projects for me. This is probably the fourth project that has gone silent and will probably not deliver. I think I've lost close to $1000!! Not to mention projects that did deliver but were utter crap!! Ok a little confused. You said in your video selling the idea to us. That you needed our help with money for production. That is what I was sold on. You already had the app done. So I figured I couldn't go wrong with investing. I didn't know you were using the money to get investors. NO! WE TOOK YOUR MONEY NOT FOR UPDATING YOU! We took it to go look for investors! Hardware and app are ready but we still haven't figure out how to take the market by storm. You thought that building a Cam and coding an app was the problem? We didn't build something from the scratch and there is nothing breakthroug about the product itself. We want mass marketing and market breakthrough. Stay put till we find some big money. Just look how everything went south for Autographer. We hope for the same story as memento/narative and find someone ready to buy us. Update!!!! Rom logged in today (Last login Dec 17 2014). Read your comments. Laughed. Then logged out. Update ? (more laugh) Jhaeh, you should be glad you didn't back flyfit. Delayed Lack of updates/responses Changed the product with telling backers No App, so product is useless Product doesn't work Otherwise it was a brilliant project! This will be the last KS I back too. Blatant lack of respect shown to investors. @Rom: can you please explain to me what your strategy is. How can you go around and try to win investors if you're neglecting your first adopters and investors and eminently make them unhappy about their decision to back you? You think that more money in the marketing machine is the key for your product? Why not use happy backers for marketing? They are for free!! You're bleeding image and credibility for nothing. Your backers and first adopters are the one who are going to spread the word and comment positively about your product on techblog-reviews. For investors is a solid fan base important but you're jeopardizing your hard work and I don't get it. @all fellows thinking about pre-ordering: I regret backing this vaporware and my money is gone. Save yourself trouble with a creator unwilling to communicate and go get the Narrative Clip (<url>"We expect to accomplish this goal in the next couple of weeks." Why would you say this if you don't intend to update ? "There is a fair chance we will actually make it sooner and we are working day and night to make delivery deadlines just before Christmas but we can not promise we will make it so taking some safety margins here." If you were working day and night you would have something to share more often than once every month. Please don't give any false hope about christmas, you can't even keep us in the loop. This is my last KS for me, this has become a joke, i'd rather buy on the shelf. @Lawrence: creator checked in KS on the 11.12.2014 (european date format = 11. Dec) Hi @TarioD, Last update I saw was 11.19.2014. Update 15, a Backer only update discussing manufacturing and showing a video demo. Last update is in 6 Days a month ago. Did everything went south or how can we understand this total silence? You checked in on the 11.12.2014 but had no time to drop a line? May I have an update please? I think I'll lay off supporting projects on Kickstarter and Indiegogo for the time being.... What's the word on shipping date? Update?! Updates? Any updates? Update ? @Creator: pls don't push it to the limit. You owe us some answers and updates. Gosh I need this thing here before New Years because that's going to be crazy Will we get a tripod mount? Most tripods are aluminum and not magnetic. I received your news letter say "Use CA7CH Lightbox to shoot a 30-45 second video with showing us your awesome life. We will judge all of the entries and select a winner who will win $5,000 and a trip to New York City. " Does you mean Ca7ch is out in the market already? If not how do we useCa7ch to shoot the clips? I received your news letter say "Use CA7CH Lightbox to shoot a 30-45 second video with showing us your awesome life. We will judge all of the entries and select a winner who will win $5,000 and a trip to New York City. " Does you mean Ca7ch is out in the market already? If not how do we useCa7ch to shoot the clips? Hi, is it possible to mount the CA7CH on a tripod in any way? regards en looking forward to the awesome product, Carl I see people saying that they are getting updates. I've gotton none, same expectation with receiving one of these devices. Cheers Tario � @magestik @Jonathon The link is not good (https). However you can access the tumblr feed without registring here <url>"hoping to be able to start sharing videos & images really soon!" You said that 3 weeks ago... 24 days ago, you said you'd share video samples in 14 days. Again, i don't mind delays, but maybe you could tell us the reason of the 10 days delay ? Didn't you have a working prototype during the campain ? Why didn't we get video samples from it back then ? (Even if the quality is bad, i don't mind) Same question here, did take #2 went well? What about the unintended airbag feature (I mean the balooning issue :-D) Can you maybe post some renders of the new design? You mentioned in a past update, that you had to move the lens up. Thanks for update. How is run#2 going? Hooray, they are now on your site, our names now in lights! <url>’ve joined the CA7CH community and we appreciate your support! You'll be featured on the list of CA7CH backers at ca7ch.com. and we'll keep you up to date on all of our exclusive backer only offers in the future. Estimated delivery: Jul 2014 13 backers CA7CH SUPPORTER - Get a limited edition CA7CH t-shirt and be featured on the list of CA7CH backers at ca7ch.com. Free shipping in the USA. (Add $10 for shipping to Canada, $15 for international shipping.) Estimated delivery: Aug 2014 @Creator - With respect, that comment should have been an update to all backers. Don't assume that every backer will be reading these comments or will be any less frustrated than us with the current state of things. Don't wait for complaints before dealing with them individually, preempt it with regular, honest updates to everyone. That said, thank you for letting us know about the current situation. The way you're (mis) leading the communication and your image leads only to beleave this is a vaporware campaign. Is it what you want to reach? Untill today we only got 3D renders, some casing and factory stills. It's a really strange thing on KS that everybody is keeping calm. And that speaks for your backers. We all know we're on KS and not Amz, but you still have to fullfill basics of communication toward the backers. How are you planing to sell your product in the futur and pitch it to investors??? The same way? It's actually beginning to become a matter for KS to look into this. I wish I'd saved my money for a MeMini pre order I wish I'd saved my money and just bought a Polaroid Cube, I really do. The lack of communication is ridiculous, to echo other comments, we want and deserve samples of video and stills from the camera, an approximate revised timescale and regular general communication ASAP. You are hurting your credibility more and more with every day that passes without a detailed update. You can still turn this around and I genuinely hope you do take this on board along with the other comments, particularly @Dadoman and @APF's. These aren't the usual whiny KS backers who do not understand how this whole thing works. I'm kicking myself right now that I backed this and to add salt to the wounds, I gave you more money for the extra battery pack! Creator, on October 14, you published this in update 11: "We are also putting together a landing page and a content challenge for creative minds who live adventurous lives and In November, we are planning to have about 100 Lightboxs distributed to a group of power users so if you are interested and think you can be awesome, let us know! We will post a link to the page later this week." Di you post the link to the page later that week, if so, where did you publish it, so that we can see? This user's account has been deleted. I am not the type that comments a lot, but feel that I too need to add my 2 cents. I am a consumer products marketing professional. I am also a proud backer of this project and am also frustrated by the lack of communication. You are destroying your credibility by not posting updates. Your backers want you to succeed. We want to see a great finished product. In reality, if it's late, yes, we may be upset, but at least we know the status - we know that the product will make its way to us at some point. But no news, in this case, is not good news. My company just ran a very successful KS campaign for our new board game. We shipped on time, yet have hit a few snags on international shipping and have had a couple minor quality issues with some of the games. We are addressing these issues with our manufacturer and we are communicating all that with our backers. We don't remain silent about it. We update our backers constantly. We may get some angry feedback, but that's ok! We would rather have the open communication and the dialog with our customers. Update us - check in! It doesn't have to be everyday. But definitely not once ever couple of months. I truly believe you are hurting your brand by keeping your backers in the dark. Again, just my 2 cents. I look forward to your next update.... Regarding update 12: You need someone to handle communication towards your backers/"investors"! If we could, I believe a lot of us would pull the plug out of this project due to lack of or no information and updates. This is unacceptable and absolutely no way to run a business. I would kindly suggest, if you would like to succeed with your company, to make a little effort to inform your backers. Another 2 weeks without update. We did not get media sample from the first (ghost) run production, it's almost 2 weeks now, do you have anything to share with us ? Anything ? I don't care delays, just communicate ffs ! In hoping apps are compatible to capture my world in binaural audio with the Hooke <url>"We love you guys and will work to do better on keeping the community up-to-date with developments." The CA7CH Team From their last update... Nice job guys.. Does it a fraudster? An update is sooo overdue...... Update, update, update :) It is time for an update. It has been too long without any communication. Approaching a month and a half with no update, this is ridiculous. I pledged so i can follow the progress of this camera, hopefully like everyone else, this is kickstarter, not a store... @Creator Catch Motion Inc No update since Aug 31 2014 ! What is the new delivery date ? Please MOVE ON ! If I wanted a GoPro, I'd buy a GoPro. My partner has one, and it fits her particular use case. A GoPro won't fit the use case I'd intended for the Lightbox, one that Looxcie abandoned when they ceased to make and support consumer products. Like Mike Morrison, I know delays are just a part of a development cycle and can't be avoided. But what CAN be avoided is silence. We're this project's backers. If we were VC angels, we'd be in a position to require periodic reports, whether things have changed or not. I know how busy a dev team can be, but heck, assign one person to just post a quick status report once a week, and we'll all be happy and patient. If you guys can't wait, go buy a GoPro. Lightbox team, take your time and get it right! Really hope this goes out no later than mid november... Much Like Jonathon, I understand delays, what is not acceptable here on KS is a lack of communications that one update you gave here is all that is needed. Just commit to taking just 5 minutes a week to keep us in the loop. don't make promises you cannot keep... just communicate Appreciate the quick response. Personally, I understand and don't mind too mush if dates slip. Creator, present company excluded here :) but what I hate is people continually promising dates (either release dates or update dates), seeing those dates slip and not communicating with the people who funded them. If an update date is promised, I would like to see creators respect the update date even if it is to say there is not a lot to report, hope this makes sense. Any update coming soon? Cheers Roman, I must be a bit jaded with some of my other projects not delivering on time at the moment! they said in last update that it will be later, but they want it to be in 2014 Product due to be shipped in October. I haven't seen any update to amend this (apologies if I've missed it) and I haven't seen any responses to requests for confirmation of shipping date. Creator, can you confirm that products will start shipping in October 2014 as advertised? Thanks! I'm with Jhaeh to get prepared for a early 2015 release. These KS-projects always creep on the planning. And with some projects the information about is good and up to speed. With project (like some) they are more quiet.... I just hope this is not a tech-project like the ones I have seen that creep up to a year! I do hope it will come at least by early Dec... I have a shoot upcoming in the wintery end of dec at the northern island of the land of the rising sun. and i wanna ca7ch some action with lightbox while still using my dslr just for the kick of it. Anyone bracing themselves for early 2015 delivery now? The lack of updates is getting a bit disturbing for me, purely based on previous KS experiences... ya how do we go about extra battery packs for this device, I know you had instruction earlier on the stage, I would just like to add them now. Please let me know. Are we still on track for a delivery in october? Im looking forward to the update as Id like to add the battery pack. But before I order the pack Id like to hear some definate dates. Also do you have any pics of the Kickstarter green battery pack ? So with one update per month (seems like it unfortunately) are we going to have only 2 updates before shipment ? That would be bad. So did you receive your beta cameras? We would love to hear/see about any progress! @creator it's not a big issue but I seem to forgot if I ordered a black light box or a white one I like to order a black one can you help me out with that before it ships @Creator, any upcoming updates? Deadlines are very close!! I didn't know the Stack Box existed when I wrote my last post. <url>~4g? This might be a trigger from off, or from a different mode. Weekly update please ? My battery backup was just charged through the website. Anyone else have this? Hi. I'm a Brazilian buyer, can you declare low value in my lightbox to i get no tax? Also. Is there a way we can order more Lightboxes? Hi there. I bought that extra battery with the discount code but now I see that i have been charged the full price for it. Can we do something about this? I would be happy to get two batteries in the place of one battery instead of getting a refund. I have not yet figured out if the integrated audio and motion detection, to use the camera for security, who can answer me? Hyperlapse Input: dream scenario would be the ease of use Instagram's version offers but with more than 15 total seconds of hyper video possible. Also if video could be adjusted after the fact for hyperlapse. Anyway, thanks for considering this feature Just thinking about the app for the light box.. Will we be able to stream to Apple TV and/or ChromeCast.. @Creator, still hoping for continous timelapse with the lightbox / ap. I can't expect the Bride or my dog to press a button, so intervals for pics and short vids are desired. 2 weeks without any comment 1 month without update For a supposed delivery in 3 month only. Please consider the backers that help you achieve your project by not ignoring us, this is disrespectful. Everyone can afford 10min per week right ? We have not heard from the Creator in more than 2 weeks. Are we still on schedule? I agree with Mike as well! I think it helps us all to develop a deeper vested interest in the process and product (and it's continuous development/improvement!) rather than just being a "customer" Any update? Microsoft Hyperlapse or Instagram Hyperlapse? <url>"Hyperlapse" project from Microsoft could be an interesting use-case for the Ca7ch Lightbox: <url>"placing order" for 30 minutes now and has not moved forward. 2nd attempt resulted in the same. Thanks Jheah for your time and patience.. I'll try tonight at home, maybe the company Proxy kills the SSL connections At the checkout point it reduced the price by 50%. And the coupon code op the preorder site lowered the price instantly before ordering? Yup, I received one email to confirm the order and a second one a couple of days later to confirm the payment has been taken. Jhaeh: You could a confirmation email right after ordering?? @Marco Janssen - I had no problems at all ordering my discounted battery. Maybe try a different browser? Any one any luck ordering an extra battery for the lightbox? Site seems not to respond after filling all the details... bit worried what happend to my creditcard details now!!! The Couponcode didnot lower the price before ordering... Did not receive any confimation email that I actually ordered a battery.... I am not sure it all worked out now. Anyone this experience?? @robert, in the last update there is a coupon code you can enter during the ordering process. If I pre order the extended battery pack @ $59, will it be sent together with lightbox? If not, then when? Is the $59 discounted? I just viewed the 2 videos put up and while the quality and the filed of view of the lens are good is there going to be any image stabilization? Both videos made me a little queasy, I'm looking to use my CA7CHes while mountianbiking to replace my bulky GoPros. And since these are small enough in some 1:10 scale RC short course trucks and in a Axial Wraith rock racer. You guys rock! I'm excited to share this with more and more of my friends. One quick question.. I'm sure this has probably been asked already but I couldn't find anything... how much does the battery pack charge? Is it enough to give the camera one 'full charge'? More? Less? I think it's great that you guys are kicking in the added memory. Thanks! However, it seems to me that perhaps you guys could have included a micro SD slot, so the end user could insert a micro SD card themselves. They are relatively inexpensive. Just a thought. Looking forward to getting my Lightbox and putting into use on my many hiking/backpacking trip. Do you know a possible ship date? I will be moving at the end of September so I am not sure what address I shouldu be placing in. I've been asked if I have ordered a battery in the survey. Does it not come with a battery? Chiman How do we order a green battery pack to go with our green cameras? @Creator, will it be able to capture some quick scenes under a swimming pool at shallow depths? Like shown in your video? Awesome, thanks for the reply. So good for eg a water polo (if anybody even does that nowadays) capture but not for snorkelling. Any plans for a waterproof case for those interested in deeper submersion? Massively looking forward to receiving this beast. The possibilities are endless!!! Alright guys. This has almost certainly been asked before but I literally can't trawl through 508 comments to find out...plus the mobile KS app has no search function in the comments. So...how badass is the waterproofing nano coating? Will it protect against splashes and rain or are we talking submersion? Also, does the same waterproofing apply to the battery pack or is that not waterproof? Cheers in advance Hi May I know when you will let us choose the color and when will you sening us the Coupon Code for the battery Thank you 謝謝 GOH Hi Guys, You may have mentioned somewhere below but couldnt see it but will you either be supplying or have the option to purchase a cycle helmet attachment? Thanks (I sent this as a message too a few days ago but it seems responses happen quicker here) I would like to buy a second Lightbox please. Right now my pledge is set to 1. I have preordered 2 extra battery packs hoping that I'll get 2 lightboxes too in the end. Thanks Will you guys black out the bezel or frame around the black camera. It'd look better monochromatic I think. Please? Hi,when i can choose the color? Motion capture would be great. Than I can use it as a security camera. I'm looking at the Blink project but Blink has no local storage. If it cost extra I'm happy to pay for that as long as it's reasonable. @creator Thank you for the update! Please keep it up. We appreciate it. Thank you for bringing this project to kickstarter. The reasonable price and features made funding it an easy choice. Im sure alot of people here will use it for a good purpose, just like I would. Why are a lot of people so paranoid about the picas, videos and possibility of the 16GB? You trusted them when you pledged. Keep that faith. It is not October yet. And still most projects are planned to tied, so prepare for a Christmas of new year release. Stay positive for now, why did you pledge in the first place? Yea to be that close to a stretch goal and not come through would be, to put it nicely, really bad business. Hi Creator, If you can upgrade to 16GB, I will buy the battery! I would also definitely the motion detection.It is impossible to implement? will there be monopod support? Has it been considered supporting motion detection and either take a picture and/or short video for each event? I don't think we are going to get the 16GB several have asked and it doesn't get answered only a about 3 shy darn it.. @Creator so how does getting the upgrade to 16GB look seeing as how close we were to the stretch goal? I am looking forward to seeing example photos and videos but the way I look at it, they could have put up any old footage from smartphones/cameras/camcorders and claimed it as their own but instead they are insistent to only put the actual finished product's footage up for us to see. I see this as a plus point rather than a negative. Just as long as we get to see something (very) soon, I'm still happy. Add me to the list of folks that would really like to see more sample images, video, and hands-on between the app and device. And I would like them to be explicitly labeled so I know without a doubt exactly what I'm looking at. The KS video implies that it's from the prototype but never says so. I'm also wondering if the 16GB option will be implemented, even if we were $ 581 short. I think everybody is willing to invest $ 0,50 to make it all the way :-) Here is an example of silver trim reflections from a camera (Sony QX10) when shooting through glass: <url>~$30 after discount) is a bit too much for just 500mAh battery? @creator. I backed a family pack wanted to mix colors. When I order batteries, by providing a note to the seller, and my email used by kickstarter, I hope / assume you will matched the colors to cameras from the kickstarter campaign? @Fay Yeo @James Lindsay, from update #7: "and we will bundle your Lightbox and the battery pack to save you shipment cost." so hopefully the coupon code will zero shipping costs. But does this mean I will need to pay the US$20 additional when I check out the battery? I am seeing that the full amount is deducted immediately. Any chance of bundling shipping? 20 more seems steep Before I buy the battery, I would like to be sure that it will be shipped together with the Lightbox itself (for a lot of reasons). Please inform us as soon as you know. Thank you. I agree I wanted to order the backpack as well but I want to make sure I get the same color. I'm planing on getting black. I'd also like to know if we will get the 16gb upgrade. I really think this will also ne beneficial for future sales as well. Ive got two questions - 1) Will we get the updated 16GB of internal memory since we were $500 short of the stretch goal? 2) I want to purchase the extended battery pack on your site but it doesn't offer a color option. Can you please update the purchase button so I can select a black battery pack? Thanks, Nick I would like to the battery pack with the discount code. However, is it possible to get them shipped together to save of shipping fees? @Tcrew, AVI, MKV, etc. are just containers what determines lossy or not is the codec. I would be interested in hearing which codec is used. I'm hoping h.264 for the video codec. Photo format doesn't really matter in my opinion, JPG does a fine job for everyday photos. Congrats! almost $250,000 funded, are you going to upgrade for us to 16GB. please................ Thank you im not sure if its been asked but what format will the pictures PNG,JPG,video be taken in you know like MKV,AVI,MPG,MPEG4 some of the formats mentioned above are lossy like AVI,JPEG,JPG and just induce enurisim's some times. I believe they are working hard to build the prefect Lightbox for us. They don’t even have time to update us here or on their website about release of their android app. Go to play store and search for ca7ch. BTW, I am also waiting for the demo pictures. Looking @ update 3 again, maybe not. And lower quality may be sure to compression. I thought I saw a squirrel grabbing a Ca7ch peanut. Wasn't that done with the prototype? Not great quality, so I'm glad they are taking the time and $ to upgrade. Would be a COOL gesture if the stretch goal is granted, as it was so close, just $581 short. Yes I reckon it feels a bit worrying that they can't YET show a example video/photo taken with the device AS IT IS GOING TO BE IN THE FINAL BUILD!! As I understand it, they are still figuring out what camera-hardware to pick. So it is useless NOW to give you guys videos photos taken with the prototype assuming that will be the final result. Then you can look at any random picture. Just wait for the final hardware decision .... In the end i kept my pledge too, because i want to believe, but i must say i'm a bit skeptical. You are supposed to have a working prototype (as shown on the main video) The device purpose is to record videos. Yet you can't provide any video sample, isn't that weird ? Just curious. Aww come on!!!!! We came so close to the stretch goal Thanks for all the updates! Look forward to getting the camera! Wow Mohammed you are so needy haha! So close to the stretch! Such a great job backers! @Creator, as you can see, I decided to stick around. I really hope you take some time to finish the video you promised us weeks ago. I believe we all deserve it. @Gerard Euziere Coupon Code will be sent to you via email with further instructions." You have to wait for the coupon code email. I am super excited about this product and thrilled to be a part of it! Best of luck in the next phase, you certainly blew the kick start out of the box! Great job! USD600 then reach the goals. Will it still have the Stretch Goal 1? To : Creator Catch Motion Inc. In your update dated july18,2014 you mentioned : Kickstarter Backers will be able to pre-order the battery pack on www.CA7CH.com as soon as this campaign is over. As a token of our gratitude, the pack - list-priced at $59, will be available to all backers at a 50% discount. That's $29 in cost and we will bundle your Lightbox and the battery pack to save you shipment cost. Coupon Code will be sent to you via email with further instructions." "Kickstarter Backers will be able to pre-order the battery pack on www.CA7CH.com as soon as this campaign is over. As a token of our gratitude, the pack - list-priced at $59, will be available to all backers at a 50% discount. That's $29 in cost and we will bundle your Lightbox and the battery pack to save you shipment cost. Coupon Code will be sent to you via email with further instructions. I went on the site "www.CA7CH.com" to try to order two batteries but I'm not able to profit from the 50% discount you mention. Could you help me ? Thanks Hopefully we can get the space upgrade, less than $500 short of the stretch goal Any chance in getting the stretch goals? Is it possibile to add shipping cost now? How can i do that? Congrats! Hopefully this goes as expected. I guess that being short by $481 only of the stretch goal, they will surprise us granting this. @Zee At this point, we all have faith or we must all be mad! $500 short of the stretch goal - hopefully we can still get the extra storage ;) @creator, looking forward to receiving the Lightbox in OCT 2014 . I have faith in you. Hopefully memory would be upgraded to 32Gb. @FLCL I suppose you have got to have faith. @Creator still no sample video? There is 15 minutes left. We just want to see some raw unedited video shot from the lightbox, nothing unreasonable or complicated that it would take more than 15 minutes time to shoot and upload. The lack of follow through is making backers nervous In my experience Oct 2014 is most unlikely a date that would be met. Sometime in 2015? We shall see. Kickstarting is becoming a huge leap of faith. I have a bad feeling about this one. Where is @Creator??? So I have the android app and was taking pictures and now I can't figure out how to delete them am I challenged or is it the app I sincerely hope that backers are not taken for a ride like the jokers of ParaShoot 2.0 - Multi Use, Wearable Smart HD Camera [<url>~40 more units need to be supported to the 16GB stretch contractually. @Creator, I was just trying to hod you to your promise. I know how busy you are with this successful campaign. But filming a short, unedited video is not that difficult with all due respect. It doesn't have to be Hollywood quality. Just something to boost our confidence in you and your product. You must understand that now a days, many campaigns turn out to be frodulant. One of the most requested, and most reliable, way to portray your company and your product is shooting a very simple and personal video. No need for editing, background music, cool transitions, and so on. I hope you understand where I am coming from and I also hope you can manage to show your product in the next couple of hours. Let's go. We need to get $7k for the stretch goal!! Go, go, go @Creator, will you be providing the video before the end of the campaign or not? i need to know if im keeping my pledge or not. thanks, If I jump 30x the magnetic part can loosen up, how much force is applied for her to loosen up? Is there any limitation of movement not to be released? Example jump, run,..? Has there been any comment on aperture for the lens? I don't think sample video and images are too much to ask for.. Especially for an imaging product! I have been requesting for it 4 weeks ago and they have produced nothing yet. @creator - please let us know if those are expected to come in the next few hours or so. if there's no working product now, promoters won't deliver on time. was on board in june but checked back in yesterday and stunned - no photo samples, no video samples, or like mohammed's comment below - promises but no demonstration of a manufacturable product. dunno why they assume i'm the other project i backed, which is also delayed. As many have mentioned, field-of-view is a big deal -- pun intended -- especially as you will end up wearing this lower on your body. Binocular human sight is about 120 degrees - the more you can approach this, the closer you will be to immersive content. Claude: Just cancel your pledge and leave. Their update confirmed my position. Not a single concrete work update for the past month. Promoters also backing their own project, see user Shannon below. thanks creator! I had so many bad experiences with KS projects, so a little bit catious now I would like to see a demonstrative video showing one of the team members using the lightbox. Connecting it with a phone. Shooting video, streaming, uploading. Just a small demonstration to show us the proof of concept. We need to feel more confident. Can one person (one iPhone) manage two Lightbox camera streams simultaneously? A practical use would be for city cyclists who need a camera recording both forwards and backwards to document cars in hit & runs. Or can the Lightbox and native iPhone camera record at the same time? New update is nice, however it would be great if you could provide video/picture samples as well. Looks like there is huge Demand @creator any chance that it will be slimmer than initially thought? We have an update? They were upgrading last night or this morning, but apparently nothing new. And the video promised? We would like to see the questions being answered and promises being fulfilled before the campaign finished. It has been a very exciting project but the lack of responses and updates recently despite all the latest promises is concerning. @ Catch Motion Inc. When can we see a sample video as asked many many times by backers but never answered ? Regards Where is the promised video? Where is the promised update? Congratulations so far! :) . I did a (loooong) skim through all the great comments and replies and have a few questions: . (1) You confirmed that the camera can be used while charging, however, can you charge while you are magnetically mounted? For example, the camera is attached to the tripod magnetic mount or the clothing mount -- can it still receive a charge cable to extend its run-time indefinitely? . (2) Creator's comment: "We are also working out other wearable and vehicle type mount options - and would love to hear your ideas!!" For the vehicle application, please then consider to have a Car-DVR-mode where it loops to record always the last 15 (configurable) minutes while attached with power to the windshield. (In fact it could be a looping-DVR mode for anywhere!) . (3) Is there a speaker on-board the camera, or just a 'beeper'. In other words, could any other sound besides a 'beep' be played back via the speaker? Looks awsome ! I have two questions : 1) can i plug the device to an external power source (usb or else) in case i want to stream all day ? 2) does the video recording loop when it reaches maximum capacity usage ? Thank you. Does it have Night Vision capability? @Claude I've been waiting for you toys to be thrown from your pram throughout this, competition is supposed to be a good thing, unless of course your product is inferior. I'll assume it is if you feel the need to try to sabotage other kickstarters. @Creator, we have requested to see a video of the operation of the lightbox, but you still have not shown us anything. you mentioned that you will be working on one back in June. @Claude - Tell me what happened? @ Filipe Kalicki - We'll be providing an update with some additional information later this evening. Stay tuned. @Claude when you want to say something like that at least give us some clues. Just give us some reasoning. @Paul - I agree with you! Any fool wants $119 pledge it's avail now, just cancelled. kokobin - these guys are going for the money. they're not gonna be shipping this year. thanks i'm out. This user's account has been deleted. It is but it's not realistic to reach that goal. @Mohammed - Battery is also essential. =/ Come on guys. 16k more to double our memory capacity!! We can do it!! There's a plan B to stretch goals? Hi, Early Bird Backer here, I just wondered what (international) warranty you will offer? I've backed a couple of kickstarter schemes in the past and as an early adopter, it would be nice to know that if there were any hardware bugs in the initial run, that a replacement would be available. If Ca7ch moves to 16Gb, I plan to fund a family pack. That would meet my price target. @Creator are we close enough that you'd be willing to relax the stretch goal target for the last 24 hours? Kicktraq "projection" has Ca7ch almost making $240k. Here's hoping for a last push buy-in. I am disappointed that 3 days to the end of the Kickstarter campaign and there are no illustrations or prototypes of the Lightbox accessories or mounting options. This ought to have been part of the design process. Would you consider making a round (circular) form factor as an option? It would be fantastic to have this. One can choose either to wear the circle or the square! @Nick, according to kicktraq, we should be ok. but its not always that accurate. I'm nervous too and really hope we can hit the 250k. <url>"...we reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to review, screen and delete User Content at any time and for any reason." @Creator, will we be able to access the cloud from a computer? (a website)? also, any news about supporting Dropbox? I believe it would be a GREAT product if we can do that. Many people already have accounts with Dropbox that are already used to them. In my case, and im sure others as well, I invested in Dropbox for more storage (i have access to 50Gb's of storage on Dropbox). How waterproof is the light box? Thank you What are the minimum specs for compatible smartphones? I'm particularly concerned about Bluetooth. Does this require Bluetooth 4.0 (iphone 4s+), or can I use my iphone 4 and connect using wifi? Thanks. Is it possible to delete photos and videos from the cloud? Thank you Just in case we do not reach the stretch goals, can we still upgrade to the extra memory and extra battery pack by adding the minimum cost of each? Thank you. I would be really nice if we could add the ability to take random shots even though I know this is a video device. However be cool if it through the app you could program it say to take a shot every 15 minutes. Maybe set it to do time-lapse say I went hiking using time-lapse option this could bring it to another level of fun and useful. don't you just love how we can think of ways to bug your design team. It would be very useful if the Magnetic clip had 90 degree 'notches' on the base clip (and a swivel base), so that you can rotate between Landscape & Portrait. Man this would be awesome to take on my trip to Nicaragua next month. Guess I will have to find another trip to take it on. Dang you October production run. Hi, Just wondering if it is possible to adjust the duration of video recording? Thanks Just back for a pair of the cameras. Is it possible to get two in black or am I stuck with one of each? HI~ About battery life, how long record audio ? And next question is can I set record audio all the time with auto snap shot 3 pic per min? Thanks^^ Hi, is there anyway we can get 16GB and an extra battery pack? Thanks Is this limited to only 12 sec of video? or can shoot for longer i third m3publico and Mohammad's statement those options are awesome Fully agree with Mohammed Issa, please offer 16Gbs memory & external battery pack as options for those backers interested... Hi just backed this project but was worried about one thing. Would it be possible to add a safety lanyard of some kind. I am worried about the magnet giving way and losing the camera. But other than that looking forward to using this to record during fire calls. @Creator, if the stretch goals are not reached, how can they become reality? The two goals (16gig memory and external battery pack) are crucial to many backers. Can we add them as options and add the extra cost to the pledge? Hi, I have ?? About packing. If I bought the couple catch camera offer, is each camera packed in separate package? Or all of them in same package? Thanks Excellent! Thanks. Also, on the same note, It would be great if you can post some sort of a video which shows the use of the flexible clip design that was mooted to address the awkward angles that may come up by clipping the cam on to a cap or a shirt and make it closer to a pov. I am assuming here the final configuration that you mentioned includes the changes to include the flexible clip design. If we dont want to upload to your cloud servers, which other 3rd party servers can we use to upload the images? Thanks @Creator A few days back, you replied to a post to one of the backers' questions saying that you will be providing more samples of the photos that were taken by using Lightbox. I was wondering if you had a chance to look into that. Apologies if you already did and if I missed them. then add these possibilities? I very much agree with kokobin, the motion sensor is very useful, so the ca7ch also becomes a camera for video surveillance Obviously, and I am sure your team has already explored it, the Lightbox experience would be greatly enhanced by a detachable/rechargeable dock when not in use. Enhancements to this dock could include a motion detector, extra batteries and Bluetooth speakers. Hello - Baby or Grandma monitor. $50k more to go!! Hi ! I have sent you a personal message if you could get back to me asap I would be very appreciative ! super excited thank you OMG im tooo late for early bird# 1 hopefully production and estimated delivery make it in time for my trip in early November. good luck guys hello.. is there an app for android? creator: Its ok. Found it on the US App store. It's not listed in the Australian app store. Creator: not listed on my app store. Is it only available for US? I believe it would be eminently advisable to include a plastic, privacy lid/cap with every Lightbox to demonstrably show that no recording is taking place. It would be also useful in situations where the user does not wish to record - like a restroom. Colby/Creator, Where can i download the app? Cant seem to find it in App Store. @Creator- Thanks a lot! =) Love the product, already been playing around with the ca7ch app on the iPhone. Would like to an easy way to merge events into a single instance and combine photos when desired. Also seems pretty cumbersome to rename events when needed. Should be able to click on event at any time and edit it as needed. There are 15 days and not opened yet the stretch goal # 1, let's share ... 16 GB and extra battery is essential. @Creator- Ya, I'm referring to the Photojojo lenses. Hi,when i paid,i added 15 dollars in"edit" for shipment in Italy,so the total is 164 dollars,is that correct?when I will be able to choose the color? @Randy, there's a reason why the $119 early bird is no longer available. Sorry mate, but you were just too late. Please create another $119 dollar support... it is quite evident that is the option most want and by not having another $119 option available I am confident potential supporters are turning away. I have seen other KickStarter projects do this. :-) @ catch motion, lower resolution would be fine. It would mostly be for accident recovery. With that being said, I mentioned this project to a couple cyclist friends and now they're interested, so this feature could possibly open a whole other user base. Hello $500k!! LOL. One friend is planning to ride Dragon's Tail this fall, and another goes to Sturgis every year, and they both stated that they'd prefer higher resolution for those types of rides. I hadn't considered that aspect. For that, however, I would think they'd want to use full time and not looping, so I feel lower res loops would still be acceptable. I guess that's where the micro SD slot previously mentioned would come in handy. ;) I'm in for 2 cameras!! In addition to the other great uses for this item, we would like to use these as "dash cams" for our 2 motorcycles, therefore I'm putting in our request for a timed looping video mode. I could see this filling up a phone memory pretty fast on an extended ride, so since it can record while charging AND it's magnetic, it would be a perfect dash cam with a looping mode selection. Thanks! @creator, I've sent you a message a while ago. Could you please have a look at it? Thanks! A unique, embedded identification code per Lightbox would do the trick. Once registered, sooner or later, the photo streams could be tagged and identified in the cloud. With the 8gig internal storage, I'd be able to use it as an independent camera? And if so, how would I go about deleting/editing pictures that's stored on the Lightbox? @Creator, once again...can I use photojojo alongside with it? What happens in the event of a burglary or loss of a Lightbox? Any apps or method(s) like GPS auto-location to help retrieve it or render it inoperable? Hi! Like Mohammed, I also pledged towards the Sherlybox and also wonder if we can direct photos to that memory box instead of the Cloud? I'm also have battery questions. The internal battery (100 mAh) has a lifespan of approximately three years. Once we are no longer able to recharge it, is there a way that we will be able to replace it or send it in to have the battery replaced? You also make reference to an external battery. Is that located in the magnet? It looks like it's available in at a certain point. Will the more powerful battery be available for purchase? Thanks! :) I ask, how should I buy more "CA7CH Lightbox"? I can not add a new commitment (Sorry, I do not know English) @Creator, thanks for the response and looking forward to the engineer's numbers. @Creator, I think you missed my previous question: "@Creator, 24 hours standby time is extremely low. When you say 'standby' do you mean when it's turned off?" Can the camera be use when charging? This is in case we what to record continuously but battery is not enough. The request for a lanyard attachment is interesting.. wont the magnet allow a lanyard through? the device will work with the new iPhone 6? I want to see the image quality please ... And when its in wAter. I want to see the image quality please ... And when its in wAter. @Mohammed Issa I believe standby mode means it's turned on but not taking pictures or videos. It's waiting for your instructions either by pressing the button or input from your phone. Hope this helps. @Creator, 24 hours standby time is extremely low. When you say 'standby' do you mean when it's turned off? I'm sure this has been asked, but what is the standby battery life on the device? Is it possible to provide standard camera tripod mount? Congratulations on over achieving on funding goals, looking forward to trying the CA7CH! Please consider Pixeom: The Personal Exchange Device [<url>"aluminum"? But this doesn't make sense as aluminum interferes with the wifi signal. @Will I was about to ask same qns. I'm hoping to see if there is a way to mount this on my bike. Lanyand is important as the vibration may cause the camera to drop off from the magnetic clip Beside that, can we look at how the back view of the camera and the clip look like? How strong is the magnet? Is there a way to attach it to a lanyard? This user's account has been deleted. @Creators, Which Ambarella chip are you using? Jumped on this today, I even dug a bit deeper to get the green one and I can't wait. I am a dog groomer and people always love pics and videos of their dogs which cell phones have made easier but waterproof and hands free??!!! You guys hit my wishlist and I cannot wait for the Christmas rush to see what I can share with this awesome toy! This user's account has been deleted. @creator Hi there, can I use photojojo alongside with it??xD hopefully it can!!! I second David's concern. The picture quality on the page aren't very impressive. Are they taken by the actual prototype? More samples will be helpful. Also is there auto focus capability? Or is it set to a certain focal distance? The roller coaster sample looks quite washed out. Can you offer some more samples of the camera quality? I'm particularly interested in night shots and low light (indoors). I think @Alan LAU expressed the same concern I was going to mention. As we know, the closer we can mount a POV camera to the eyes, the closer to a true POV it is... But when mounting on a cap, I would imagine that all the captured images will be unusable. Similarly, when mounting the camera on your shirt, when you walk up to someone, then I can imagine all you end up capturing are their chests and the bottom of their chins. Of course, getting upshots of nostrils may also not be the most pleasant of angles either... Will the app include Pebble compatibility? It would be neat if you could use the watch as a remote. This user's account has been deleted. Maybe I'm missing the details about video capabilities, but can the Lightbox record videos longer than 15sec at a time? I see that battery life allows for 45 minutes, but under the media modes I don't see an option for longer video recording. To expand upon my previous post, a simple block of aluminum with an embedded steel plate (for the magnetic attachment) would create a lightweight, corrosion-resistant mounting surface. I'll leave it to a mechanical engineer to figure out the best way to do this, but I'm sure the technology is out there :) For the mounting accessories, have you considered a tripod screw mount? It'd probably just be a little bit of metal with a standard screw hole on the bottom to mount to a tripod (or tripod shoe) and a flat perpendicular surface for the magnet in the CA7CH to stick to, so photographers can use their existing tripods for this! Some might argue that if you're hauling around a tripod you may as well bring your big camera too, but don't forget, there are tabletop tripods and other mounts (like the GorillaPod) that use a standard tripod screw attachment and would be well-suited for the CA7CH! There is only one practical solution to the FOV problem - locating the lens at one end of the square. All previous square form factors share a similar FOV problem. With the lens at one end, more than 120° FOV is possible. @Creator was is the width of the PCB board you show on your page? seems like it's over 40mm also I dont mind for wider fov as long as it wont change dimensions of box I like the stabilizer project you mentioned in last update. will there be any stabilizer or any accessory for lightbox like that? would love some kind of mount - stick, so I can do some shoots from highs too many requests. the fov is fine. any additions/changes, including wider fov etc, will end up making the box much bulkier and bigger. as is the final dimensions of the lightbox will prob be bigger than the current estimates. I am a artist so I would love to see a mount or table stand that's adjustable in height in order to shoot POV SHOTS! How about a gooseneck that's bendable ? Has anything further been discussed or decided on correcting the limited Field of View? It's a huge problem with the Narrative Clip and will certainly cause complaints once people realize most of their shots cut off people's heads... Just google 'narrative "field of view" OR fov' to see examples and complaints. <url>"Fun Fact: The binocular field vision of an owl is 70 degrees, so essentially the photos you see from your Clip are very possibly the way an owl would view the same scene. " I foresee mounting the camera would often result in awkward angles. To solve this problem, can the lens be tilted manually, say, in the vertical axis of +- 20 deg? what do you guys think of a snap-on fisheye lens? Hi, is there any form of image stablisation? If i mount this camera and run around, i suspect the videos would be quite painful to watch ... just a small comment, regarding the mounting system. @Creator, you may want to think of a snap-on adapter to add mounting functionality if you are concerned with bulkiness that most users may not need. Go Pro adaptor to enable the use of the various, numerous Go Pro mounts and accessories already out there. Essential for safety reasons to have a lanyard/strap mount to wear around the neck (like a pendant) for situations where the magnetic clip just would not do. oops, i already know that time lapse is done with pictures not video and the Lightbox is good for 1100 pictures. but i still wouldnt want to run the risk of ruining the time lapse because of a low battery. @Creator, i agree with Kokobin. time lapse is important. but remember, the battery is only good for 30minutes of video time. therefore, the charging station should also have a standard tripod nut on the bottom. this way, we can attach the charging station to the tripod, attach the camera and time lapse all we want! Creator Catch Motion Inc. 2 days ago About colors, you tell us, what would be your favorite color? --------------------------------------------- How about customizable skins? Please consider a definitive answer to the standard tripod mount question anew. I plan to do a lot of time lapse photography and a tripod mount is essential. BTW congrats on the $150,000! @Creator, will you guys have access to our photos/videos on the cloud? if your answer is no, how can we guarantee privacy? also, do we have an option to use our current cloud services? for example dropbox or google drive). The reason i ask is i have already invested a lot in it, (i have 50GB of space on dropbox). In other words, i already feel comfortable with my current cloud and Im used to it. If you dont support other cloud services, please consider it. What are the available mounting options besides magnetic? Do we get a standard tripod mount? What other accessories are available? Backed this up last night. Really excited to try it out! Would I be able to receive this in time for Christmas this year? Will this be at least as good as the GoPro?? :P Will you develop a WP app as well? Or can I just use it with my Android tablet? :) <url>"social" world with friends and family!! Cant wait to get my Light box!! I'm going to use the CA7CH APP for 2 events this weekend....so excited to try it out!! Thanks for responding to everybody's comments. Is it possible to increase the memory to 32 gb or 64 gb for a price? Can we stream video without using your cloud service? Is it possible to have Ca7ch Light box in other colors- other than black and white? Thanks again @ Creator - Good to hear, thanks for getting back to me. Are you using AES-256 bit to encrypt all user uploaded files on the server or another encryption scheme? Thanks again @ Creator thank you for addressing issues about privacy and security, as well as streaming as highlighted by my prior question. Hello very cool camera, I backed this with the idea of wearing it while running a chainsaw in the bush. Which is extremely loud! Would I damage the mic or will it be ok. I would preferably just record with no audio and mostly use it for snapping shots of wildlife but it would be nice to get some video of work. Also, it would be great if we would be able to eventually upgrade to enable the 'clever uses' you mentioned in response to Filipe's question. Thank you. Isn't the cloud storage used to aid the streaming feature of Lightbox? Please correct me if I'm wrong. Thanks. +1 for Android... Looking forward to your product. By the way, through Amazon Payments, my billing address is a PO Box. How can I change my shipping address to my physical address? And what did Claude pladge for? What's the point of being here? Being critical is ok. But this just negative input. I'm getting tired of people on kickstarter who keep trying to drag a project down. If you don't like it, leave it. I like this device because it's waterproof, small, looks cool and is cheaper than other comparable competitors. The question about cloud security is a good one though. Claudes answer does not answer the question and seems to be based on inherent negativity again. @creator - do you have any answer to this question? @ FLCL not sure what the point of the cloud storage is at all, prob just to enhance appeal of perks as cost to them is negligible. #Goal 3! Extend battery capacity! =) Because people's personal data will be stored on your own cloud servers, how will you handle the security and privacy of that data? Thanks The magnetic base I would like to see it swivel up down and side to side and everything in between. Intend to use the gyro and 7-axis accelerometer for some extra feature? Good to see this getting funded early on and have time for stretch goals. I would have preferred higher than 16 GB storage as stretch goal. If not possible, is it possible for us to have higher capacity storage 32 gb or 64 GB for a price? Also what is the additional costs/fee involved in using your cloud service for streaming? How much is it going to cost for the data >5 GB on your cloud service? Thanks @Catch-Motion-Inc. thanks for your reply. But in particular, what happens if my cellphone shuts down? Are photos snapped anyway (ca7ch autonomously takes them) or not (smartphone triggers the snap)? In the latter case, a continuous wireless connection would be needed... Are you hosting the app on your own cloud server in order to enact the streaming? How are you handling privacy and security issues with storing personal data on your cloud? I just notice the photo of what the lightbox looks inside and it looks like there is a microusb plug. It would be cool to have a close contact charger instead to keep it waterproof. I would love to know more about CA7CH's waterproofing. Is it something you can swim with in a pool? I'm assuming since you guys are talking about a magnetic battery pack, the way you normally would charge the CA7CH is through some type of close contact pad. Correct? Thus eliminating the need for any type of port (i.e. MicroUSB) I would think that adding a SD card slot will only decrease it's waterproofing. I would rather have more internal memory (min. 32GB) rather than taking a chance on water entering the SD slot or adding a bulky case like the gopro. @Amir I suspect that they want people that want two to pledge the $270 level. Another option is to have someone you know pledge for a second $119 one for you. Doubling your pledge wouldn't exactly work because if they sell all 800 of the $119 one, you're going to get shorted a camera. If I want to purchase a 2nd one can I just double my pledge and I guess you can do the math on Qty? What about the platform for the app. It looks like its solely on iOS. Any love for android users? Can LED be disabled during recording? How will the stop motion ability (i.e. take 1 picture every second) of ca7ch would work? Will the linked smartphone to trigger photo capture, or will be ca7ch autonomously taking them, after initial setup? @creator two questions: 1. i pledged $134 ($119+$15 international shipping). did the pledge recorded & correct? 2. 72° FOV is equivalent to ~24mm lens?, i think it's wide enough. Does this have self timer abilities on the included app or could it? Was intending to do group shots with this at a distance and wouldn't want to have my phone in the way However, I should add the shipping price on my pledge? @Mohammed - Low cost can be, can suffer changes of architecture and functionality for example the waterproof, which is perhaps cheap can be high cost. Sorry for the mistake in the name previously. @Mogammed - I never claimed to make 4 versions, can be upgraded by "STRETCH GOALS", but I'm not changing my promise if you have removable storage or altering in focus. I see that in my case it would be unnecessary, because use cloud. Each person has their need, only shared my opinion, I think it is fair! @Filipe, when you say a version of 16, 32 or 64GB your asking the @Creator to make 4 versions of the same product, with increasing prices. but if they just include a SD card slot, this will allow any user that wants expansion to add his/her own Micro SD card (they are a lot cheaper than implementing them in the unit itself). and if you don't want more than the already embedded 8Gb, then you don't have to. this will keep everyone happy IMHO. I see no need for removable storage, a version of 16, 32 or 64GB is welcome. @Creator, I also like the idea of a wider FoV & external memory, but I agree with @Alan, not if it means sacrificing the water resistance. Maybe after this Kickstarter campaign is over, you could design a v2.0 that's a little larger with a wider FoV + external memory for those that prefer such amenities over water resistance and design. What could be great about that is the ability for owners who have both to just swap out what camera they use based on what they're going to be doing. Oh, and does the "waterproof" description mean the camera can be SUBMERGED in water? (Not diving, as you've already said that won't work, but what about swimming?) @Creator, i agree with you 100%. I would love to own a GP but cant because of the price tag. I just wanted to make sure using the CA7CH in the rain won't fry it. so im happy now :) (as long as you add removable storage). Oh, and as others mentioned, a wider angle lens seems very important as well. From what i can tell, CA7CH is very small (and thin), i personally wouldnt mind a bit more thickness if it provides a better overall experience. @Creator, have you thought of a weatherproof/water resistant enclosure for the CA7CH? could you comment on shooting video in the dark? do you have comparative footage of the CA7CH vs. iPhone 5 for example? in my opinion, if you can do a synched side-by-side video using both CA7CH and the iPhone (or any known brand phone/camera) through different scenarios (at night, sunny day, indoors, and so on) would help a lot. I support the request for a wider field of view. 21mm, or at least 24mm (DSLR camera equivalent) would be much more useful for this kind of camera. Otherwise, this is only a little bit more useful than simply throwing my iPhone into my shirt pocket. Therefore I still hope that you can squeeze out some more mm/degrees out of your construction. +1 for micro SD, but not at a loss of water-resistance. The competitor I referred to earlier is the Narrative Clip. When you wear a camera, you need a much bigger FoV - that's the biggest problem with the Narrative Clip and the only reason I'm looking at alternatives. And as far as the charge cable, I've had to walk around with a dead Pebble watch on my wrist because it went dead at work but my proprietary cable was at home. free CA7CH to backers as stretch goal hehe ;) Not a competitor. Congrats. I'm concerned that the magnetic clip will not be strong enough for active use. I suggest some sort of permanent housing as well for when you want to be absolutely certain this thing isn't gonna fall off. Also an alarm on the app side when the Lightbox is disconnected would be a great way to make sure that you don't leave it somewhere/it doesn't fall off without you noticing. Looking forward to this! +1 for add a micro SD Congratulations team! How will be the camera in low light conditions? @Creators, congrats on hitting your goal. About external SD. In my opinion, the extra versatility a micro SD will add far outweighs the 'aesthetic' look for a small slot on the side. 8Gb is great when you are always updated and uploading your videos to another source, but it's unrealistic. The only thing I HATE about my iPhone is the limited storage capacity. I love taking videos of special moments with my iPhone but I cannot stand it when it says 'memory full'. That 'special' moment is gone. Also, when you have external storage, you can download files from the SD card to your computer much faster than over wifi. To be honest, although i love the concept, I might have to rethink my pledge if you don't add this feature. Thanks for the quick reply guys. Excited about this product! Agree with others about needing extra connectors for charging and a wider FOV if poss though. Small size is important too though so I get the compromise if FOV can't be miniaturised further without sacrificing quality. Hit us with those stretch goals! Congratulations Lightbox Team! =) Project reached in short time. Congratulations! Waiting for "stretch goals". Really close to the 80,000$... congrats for reaching your goal in just almost 1 day! Start thinking on new stretch goal/rewards... any idea of fellow backers! @ Creator Thanks for the quick response. I agree with @Ingo about the wider view angle and it's nice to hear you guys are looking at lens miniaturization for that. I say this because a fair few products are being marketed as wearable cameras but the quality of the images rendered are a let down, whether it's because of a smaller view angle or just the image quality. I hope this won't go down the same route..the good thing is that it looks like you guys are receptive to ideas and are open to try and implement them. Ok, you don't have streaming. You're just using a standard WiFi enabled smartphone app that allows up to four cameras be connected at once. Same as <url>"streaming". Any micro SD card support? Can we have some details on any durability tests that have been performed? Will it survive a 6ft drop if I clip it to my hat and it accidentally falls off? How hard of a jolt can it take if hit by something? Want to see the quality of picture both in and out of the water. spare the bs - it does not provide a "super battery life for a day out" your FAQ states 20-25 minutes. 2 questions please: 1) can video be stored directly to the phone rather than to the cloud? Thinking about on holiday when I won't be using data. 2) can hd video longer than 12s be recorded? What is the Field of View of the lens? I have a competitor's camera and their chosen 70 degree FoV means that 95% of my pictures are useless. A camera to be used without a viewfinder needs a much wider field of view. Since the charging connector is proprietary, can we get an extra cable at least so we can keep one at home, one at work or in our travel bag? No battery life. Where can choose the shipping location? Can you post some uncompressed/unedited photos and video's that are taken with the Lightbox? Looks class! Have a couple of questions... 1.Is there a way to turn off the Lightbox when it's not being used? 2.I am also curious about the quality of the picture that the camera can shoot. Can you please provide more specs about the camera? Thanks!! How is the operation of the app with multiple cameras? To some limit? It is a challenge, there must be accurate and limited movements, or imitate some kind of movement, An example is Motorola uses these movements to activate the camera quickly, look for a video called "Moto X - Quick Capture Camerabw" you will understand how they tried to avoid some problems with "shake". Idea - Shake to check status battery (LED lights showing level). Really love this! Great design & idea! I would like to see the clip part of the magnetic back metal instead of...is that plastic? It would make the clip more durable and resistant to breaking/snapping. I have a few question clarifications from the FAQ: 1. For the low-light: will there / can there be a choice for "ignoring" video with low light as well as the "auto"-choices? I'm thinking in terms of videoing while on a roller coaster that maybe has a section of time inside or in the dark (just an example). I would not want this auto-corrected or deleted just because it has a portion of video that you can't see well. In this case, not seeing is part of the point. 2. When you've had no internet connection and suddenly go somewhere where there's Wi-Fi, is the camera going to automatically connect and upload your content or do you need to tell it to do that? If it begins automatically, is there some kind of signal (like a light) on the camera that lets you know it's uploading so you don't then leave and break the internet connection? And if the internet connection does suddenly end partway through an upload, what happens to your content? Does the camera recognize this and adapt/adjust for it or will your content get corrupted? 3. In terms of battery life, I LOVE the idea of an additional external battery, but will the camera tell you when the battery level is getting low so you know when to change them out in case you want to start something longer than the battery will last for? I'm hoping all the answers to these won't just be solved by using your phone. I love the user ability you get with the phone & app, but what happens when you don't have your phone or your phone is dying/dead. I'd at least like to see some kind of indicator light on the camera itself... @Amanda - Good question. Backed and very excited!! What's the story behind the 7 in the name? Nice! You guys are awesome. Cloud storage accepts integration with Dropbox, Google Drive... or only Twitter, Facebook and YouTube? Very cool to know that Ambarella is with you. She is with GoPro and Google. I am very happy for this. Does it works without the phone? Is it able to take photos each x number of seconds automatically? Prototype uses raspberry pi? Just ordered a family pack. I see they are selling fast. God damn I want one NOW!!!!!!!!! Red is beautiful! If the architecture allows, a larger battery capacity would be nice There is no picture of the back of the camera. About cloud storage. Will user be allowed to purchase more spaces? e.g. go vacation for one/two weeks w/o laptops, and only mobile phones to upload photos to the cloud, users may need more spaces. Thanks for your reply. Can you provide more details about waterproof? i.e. can I wear it while swimming? Or will you sell any waterproof case? Is Lightbox able to record the location with photos? It'd be great if its app can show photos with track on a map. Narrative clip has GPS sensor for this. What about Lightbox? But the memory is non removable and only 8G. Is possible to use a micro/mini usb external battery for "feeding" the camera during live streaming videos? The battery life of this camera is only 30 minutes and it takes only 12 second videos. I really want one of these! I'm ticked off as all hell that Looxcie decided to abandon all of its consumer-level customers, and Lightbox looks like it will fit that niche perfectly, perhaps even better. If I might make a suggestion for a future feature of the software? Consider integration with the Pebble smartwatch, so the camera can be triggered by touching a control on the watch. Just the ability to start/stop video or audio recording, or take a still photo, without getting the phone out or reaching to the camera, perhaps on a hat, might be useful. It's certainly not a dealbreaker if you decide not to, I'm still looking forward to your success and am happy to back you. Really excited to already put my hand on! Among the different uses I can think about I am especially interested in using it for private & business LIVE STREAMING virtual tours/walkthrough/events for engaging remote attendees... Please let me know your opinion if that could be possible having a good internet connexion through wifi or mobile 3,5/4G? Sensational! Been waiting for this. You could prepare "Stretch Goals", because it will beat the stipulated. will this work on windows phone? damn long time coming...want one Very excited about this! Your video shows Lightbox being used at the beach, and I was wondering about it's resistance to the elements (water, sand, heat, cold, etc.). Also, how fragile is it? I've been waiting for this for what seems like forever. This is such a cool idea. Can't wait!! So excited about this! I'm getting married in May 2015 and I'm excited about possibly streaming the ceremony to my grandparents who are too old to travel.