The Cable keeper is a better way to manage your cables, cords, and accessories. The Cable Keeper is clean and simple. We designed it to be versatile and able to carry a wide range of components. Most of us have experienced opening a drawer or bin to a tangled mess of cables, and finding the right cable is frustrating and time consuming. There are a lot of solutions out there for single cable management, but there isn’t anything to organize and hold all of your cables. We strive for quality and simplicity in our own lives and we want our possessions to reflect this. That is why the Cable Keeper will be made in the USA and only use high quality materials. In each cable keeper we have designed 5 different areas to accommodate cables and accessories of many different sizes. 5 different areas X-Small: Pens, cable adapters, audio jacks adapters, etc. Small: Phone cables, audio cables, small card readers, etc. Medium: Battery packs, extra long small cables, etc. Large: DVI cables, HDMI cables, VGA cables, power cables, etc. Onestrap Velcro: Charging block, hard drive, notebooks, etc. We’ve designed three sizes of the Cable Keeper. The medium and large were created for easy cable storage, while the portable was designed specifically for travel and portability. The Portable: The Portable Cable Keeper was designed for travel and on site cable management. No more rooting around in your bag to find the cable or accessory you need. The Medium: The Medium Cable Keeper is perfect for most business and home users wanting to store their cables. The Medium is easily thrown in a large bag for traveling. The Large: This model is designed to be your all-in-one cable storage solution. Never again will you sift through a bin of cables to find the right one. We are extremely passionate about keeping Cable Keeper a high quality product. In our prototypes, we are currently using two layers of 14oz heavy duty canvas and heavy duty elastic bands. The Velcro will be OneStrap velcro. We plan to keep these same types of durable materials once we go into production. We are keeping our product high quality fair trade by keeping our production in the USA. After searching high and low for some sort of cable manager but not finding anything to suit his needs, Keenan decided to make something that would hold all of the cables he owned in one organized bag. After trying many different ideas he had seen online for cable storage and not being satisfied, Keenan thought of the Cable Keeper. In the fall of 2013, Keenan did what any grown man would do in this situation– He had his mom teach him how to sew. After making the first prototype of what the Cable Keeper would be, Keenan brought his idea to Rob to have him help in refining the design and branding. Together through the next six months, we spent our weekends refining the design, sewing prototypes and trying new materials and ideas. Once we felt confident in our design we took our plans to a seamstress for the final prototypes. We have been in talks with manufacturers and have found a few that we believe can hold our quality standards while staying cost effective. The Cable Keeper went through a half-dozen prototypes and materials before we found exactly what we were looking for. We feel we’ve created a way to keep your cables organized, untangled, and easy to access. We see the Cable Keeper being used by more than just your average tech person. We see musicians, IT departments, soundboard operators, photographers, videographers, engineers, computer repair, and much more. The RK Wallet stemmed from Rob wanting to find a use for the excess materials of the Cable Keeper. Always looking for a simple clean wallet, without pockets and metal to make it bulky and thick, this was the design he fell in love with. The RK Wallet is thin, lightweight and keeps your cards and cash enclosed yet easy to access. The design boasts the same durable materials as the Cable Keeper along with our minimalistic style. After going through many design iterations, we began to test the wallet for its durability and usefulness. People would constantly ask where we got the wallet from, and we knew then that we were onto something great. *All photos and descriptions are prototypes. Minor details and cosmetics are bound to change during production. Dear backers, Before we get into the details of what has clearly been a failed Kickstarter, we want to apologize. The crowd-funding community has thrived on the idea that everyday people with a unique idea can find like-minded supporters who want to see their ideas come to life. It's based on trust and, most importantly, communication around the ups and downs of going through the process of creating the product. Many Kickstarters are started by people like us that may not have experience in the details of developing and producing a product, such as manufacturing, material sourcing, and trustworthy contacts in the industry. Part of the experience as backers is from being right there alongside in the passenger seat and experiencing the successes and the failures of those they are backing. Something we have not done for you very well. So we want to apologize for this and tell you what has happened. During the initial production, we had a much harder time of finding a manufacturer than we anticipated, going through many channels to find a company that would work for us and inside the budget we raised funds for. This pushed our timeline back considerably as we struggled to find them. After many emails and phone calls we finally found a small company in New York that would meet us in the middle with our budget (still much more expensive than we estimated) and be able to produce the small run we were asking for. We sent a small amount of material to do a small run for us to make sure the quality was up to our standards and what we had guaranteed you in our Kickstarter. These turned out GREAT and a few of you were sent your product right away in the mail. We determined who would received this small run from the list of backers and the dates they backed us. At this time, we were behind schedule, but excited to find a manufacturer who can produce at the level of quality we were hoping for! So we bought the remaining large amount of raw materials needed to produce the rest of the order, sent it to the manufacturer along with the final funds for payment. We ended up spending MORE than the entire amount we raised, but were still excited to see our idea come to fruition and into the hands of those that want our product. ....Then we waited ...and waited. ....Then the deadline passed which the manufacturer told us the rest would be finished. Over the following months we went back and forth with them, they would give us a new deadline and it would pass. They would give us an excuse and a new deadline, that would pass too. Finally, we gave them a solid deadline that if they didn't hit we would ask for our money and material back and find a new company to work with. They promised us they would hit this deadline....and it passed. This is about the time they started to not pick up their phone and stopped responding to our emails. We tried for months to get ahold of them, going through back channels, finding other customers of theirs to talk to, all with no avail. About six months ago we met with a lawyer who walked us through what the process would be to take legal action. He said we would spend more money than we raised in taking them to small claims court, we would have to travel out to New York for the hearing, and from their extensive experience in cases like this, that we would most likely not receive our money back, but only the materials for the production. Needless to say we left feeling hopeless, taken to the cleaners, frustrated, afraid, and lost. We had given them everything. We hadn't even paid ourselves back for money we had spent out of our pockets before the the Kickstarter even started, we had let you down as backers, some of you even our friends and family, we had become a failed Kickstarter. So where are we at today? We have taken as much action as we can against the manufacturer. We have continued to try and reach them to no avail and not received any form of communication from them. With no other way of putting it, the company and kickstarter have officially closed. Like many Crowd-funded dreams of reaching for the stars as an individual, playing on the same field as larger companies, making a name for our product, we have crashed and burned. We thank those that were willing to give us a shot, we've learned that the manufacturing game is not for the weak of heart, and we've learned some hard lessons that won't be forgotten anytime soon. Most importantly we apologize for our lack of communication and our inability to come through with the product for you. FAQ Did we make any money from this? No, we both lost thousands of dollars we invested into initial R&amp;D, advertising, etc. Will the rest of the orders be fulfilled? No, we do not have the material or funds to finish anymore orders Have we taken legal action? We have not, it would cost more money than we raised to take legal action and we wouldn't be guaranteed recourse. Who received Cable Keepers? We fulfilled as many orders as we could with the product we received by shipping to those who were first to back our product. Kickstarter Backers, Orders have gone out periodically since our last update. We have had major problems with the manufacturer fulfilling the last bulk shipment of Cable Keepers and wallets. We have not forgotten, or neglected this project. We did however make a poor choice on the manufacturer. They make a great product. You will be extremely impressed with the quality of the Cable Keeper, as many backers have already mentioned, but they have failed to deliver our product to us on time over and over. With promises of our Cable Keepers being shipped week after week, yet they have delays and problems at the factory week after week. We were told, the rest of the product will be shipped from them to us by the end of this week, and then off to you. If they are not, we will look to other means of production to finalize the orders. Please bear with us, this is as frustrating to you as it is to us. We are doing our best. The Cable Keepers finally arrived, and they look fantastic! The level of detail and durability of the material was worth the delay in time to make this the right way. The manufacturer will be sending us shipments as they make them over the next few weeks and we will be shipping them out as we get them. We had a few questions regarding how we would be shipping. Out of fairness, we will be shipping based on backing order. Since we did not get any wallets in the first batch, we will ship orders that did not have a wallet. Check out a few pictures! With a few more delays under our belt regarding materials, the first batch of Cable Keepers were shipped to us yesterday! We will only be receiving part of the total order while the rest finishes being manufactured. So we will begin fulfilling orders as soon as those arrive. Another batch will be sent to use next week. With the holidays here in the U.S. and the new year the manufacturer had many of their employees gone on vacation. So early January all the changes were applied and the cutting of fabric began. New York (where they are being made) has a fashion week for a week of February which will put us behind slightly too. The good news is all is moving along, just slower than you or I would have liked! We were told, the production would be finished the end of this month or the first week of March, and then promptly shipped to us. Thanks you all for your support! The Cable Keeper prototypes have ARRIVED!! We are so happy to finally say the prototypes are in our hands and they look fantastic! Only a few minor changes will need to be made. We would both like to apologize for the delays. Like many Kickstarters we have been learning the ways of manufacturing and how much longer things like prototypes and production runs take. We have sent changes out to the manufacturer to make the Cable Keepers even better. One small, but positive, change you will see is we changed the hooks that close the Cable Keeper to elastic to be more forgiving for bigger cables. The medium and large will also have adjustable buckles, not stationary buckles. Our wallet prototypes have not shipped yet, so we will update with those as soon as we get them. Stick with us! We have really appreciated the patience our supporters have given us and are so excited to ship the Cable Keeper to you soon! Hello Cable Keeper supporters! Sorry for the silence, we wanted our update to have good news and not just bad news. The bad news is we had a hiccup in the manufacturing and our original manufacturer will no longer be making Cable Keeper. Once this fell through, we reached out to a few other manufacturers and the process was slow with mailing our prototype to different places to get quotes and see if their company would be able to meet our standards. The good news is we have a new manufacturer!! They will begin making patterns and prototypes for each size within the next week. We are extremely excited about this manufacturer, because we will be supplying them directly with the materials they will use to build each and every one of the cable keepers and wallets. We will update with the prototypes as soon as we have them in our hands! Hello Cable Keeper Supporters! We are happy to say things are going along smoothly! We have begun the early stages of sending prototypes back and forth with a manufacturer. We will be posting pictures once we have a finalized prototype from the manufacturer. Thank you all for your continued support! :) Thank you all! We have officially ended our campaign and are nearly funded double our goal, so thank you! We could not have done it without you all. We are finalizing our manufacturer now and going to have another round of prototypes made to ensure the quality will not be compromised. If you know friends or family who missed out on the Kickstarter we have an email subscription on our website so they can track the progress as we go and find out when they are available for purchase. We look forward to getting the Cable Keeper in your hands as soon as possible. Thank you again for the support! We're there!!! We've officially hit our Kickstarter goal! Thanks to all who have supported us and helped share our Kickstarter. We couldn't have done it without you all! We are currently working on locking down a manufacturer and designing the packaging. We know how important production updates are in crowd funding and will be sure to keep you up to date on our progress. We are one week in and nearly 75% funded! Thank you all for your support! We thought we would share some of the ways people are saying they plan on using their cable keepers beyond just cables and cords. So if you forgot to get your wife or mother something for mothers day, this might be just the right thing for her. 27 days to go, thanks again for your support! Makeup holder Wow! It only took 15hrs to get to 25% of our goal! We're really doing it! We are so thankful for all of your support that we wanted to give you something extra special. That's right. You all get stickers with your products! Stickers for everyone! Hey Sharisse, we've been working on ways to incorporate labeling and what it would cost to do so and we're just not there with our price point this time. We'd love to add a few more specs to the Cable Keeper, but keeping the design simple makes for cost effective smaller production runs. We know it's not pretty, but for DIY labeling you can always do the old scotch trick. You guys are right on. We've seriously considered adding labeling above each row. Would this be a good stretch goal? We'd be interested to hear if others are wanting labeling too. If so we can figure out a stretch goal we'd need to hit to make this added cost viable! I'm with you, thank you Andreas. I also invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It’s been 4 years this is pathetic. Both men can be found on facebook. Keenan Hauff started a business calles Threefold. Call him at 701-426-0893 and ask him where the $23,602 is? Or Rob Burke can be reached at 701-388-4790 through his new company Yarn. Better yet file a complaint through the North Dakota Better Business Bureau. Their website is bbb.org and their phone number is 701-738-0046. I believe these men committed fraud and should be taught a lesson! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. So now that you've finally notified us that we're basically out of luck, when can we expect refunds? You say it's not worth legal action, but you've got over $23k in money from backers that needs to be refunded. I say it's worth the filing fee for us to sue you in small claims court to get our money back. If for no other reason than to make the point clear that this is not acceptable. Regardless of whether you have scammed us, or are just incompetent your backers deserve to be refunded. I think it is time to collect our claims and take this to a small claims court or similar in the US to sent a message that we are serious. Takes a little bit of effort, but might get them talking. If this is only about some missing financing to sent out the international once, I am willing to pay some $ 10 dollars to get my $ 100 of reward. Anybody interested? Quote the guy above me: "Unfortunately I've had a few fraudulent campaigns I've backed. This is one of them. It's disappointing that we don't even get an explanation. I'm giving up ever receiving my reward. It seems like the creators have just abandoned those of us who didn't receive anything. Oh well, life lesson I guess." Unfortunately I've had a few fraudulent campaigns I've backed. This is one of them. It's disappointing that we don't even get an explanation. I'm giving up ever receiving my reward. It seems like the creators have just abandoned those of us who didn't receive anything. Oh well, life lesson I guess. I found their twitter ID's and still no reply after messaging them! Any news by now ? Sad to hear that this happened. I was lucky enough to receive my Cable Keeper, I now see others weren't. I found this out because I was looking to order more... Guess that isn't happening. Hey guys, what happened? Come clean, please. I never got my cable keeper. Kirsten Benecke Any news ? Come on guys - deliver what you've promised ! Never got mine toi Any news ? Never got mine. Any update? Never received. Goodbye Kickstarter. nothing here Nothing received here either. @Mike Bougle it's not hard to find these guys on social media: <url>"contact" is called Katherine ;-) On other projects I got word by word the same replies from Kickstarter, just signed by other names. There is no human being to give any support, there is just a robot replying to mail signing with different names. Once Kickstarter has collected the money of a project they're out and never ever care anymore about how the project is going on or not. Based on similar experiences with other projects I consider this a fact - sadly ! Wast of money . Really disappointing nothing here (The Netherlands) Well, another deadbeat Kickstarter project. This thing was ok when it started, but now Amazon has better cable organizers that in stock. Kickstarter in general was a waste of money for me, although I did at least get delivery of a Coolest Cooler when they began shipping. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Utter jokers and even worse, fraudsters. Almost a year since your last update. Kickstarter really is an easy way to steal people's money without any consequences! @Mike Bougle : Any news from your side by now ? @Creator : How about news from you ? That would be much more interesting indeed ! Thanks Still nothing here (in France) I just sent a message to RK. I haven't received mine yet either. Hi There Any updates or possibility to get a refund as I haven't received anything?! @Mike Bougle : Any news from your side ? no response at all.. marked/reported this project to kickstarter too.. they really should do something about these fraud companies. punish them hard, real hard I send complain for Kickstarter before about him and they replied they did not have the authority to correct the situation bcz there rule end up when transferred money for him and not their responsibility to follow up if he proceed with the project or he fraud us. I tried to send many times for the founder of the project without any response Good luck @Mike Bougle : Any news from your side ? Thanks 1 and a half year on, and no updates? @Mike Bougie Kickstater is only a medium for the cash transfer when we support a STARTUP. Although it seems as such, we are not suppose to use kickstarter to buy stuff, but to support people and ideas...That give the right to Keenan Hauff to treat his "investors" like this... Damn fraud @Mike Bougle : Please update on the progress of getting your money back. Curious to see, if Kickstarter will assist you in this request. Good luck ! This user's account has been deleted. @Laurent : Hope will fade out last ;-) I'm still confident that one day I'll get my Cable Keeper. Thanks @Andreas Hitzig : They won't send anymore stuff. I'm pretty sure they closed shop (their website is down and they got no update for ever now). This is a bust guys. Forget about the money and keep in mind that Keenan Hauff is a fraud ( I mean if you closed shop, at least tell us that we lost our money so we get a sense of closure..). Glad some people has received their reward and is enjoying it as we speak. For the rest of us, we have been had and we better consider our money lost for good to the fraudster Keenan Hauff. I'll write off the wallet! Just send me my cable keeper. This is ridiculous. @Jon : There is no sense in clicking "Report to Kickstarter". All you get is a computer generated reply signed with a random name. They will tell you, that they reached out to the creator. When you reply to this my, you usually get a copy/paste from the the mail from Kickstarter. Once they have cashed in their commission, there is no support at all from Kickstarter when a project turns into the wrong direction. Just let's hope that the cable keeper will be delivered one day ;-) I still haven't received my Cable Keepers either! nothing here ( The Netherlands..) Also no response to private messages Has everyone here clicked the "Report to Kickstarter" button? I kinda doubt it will accomplish much but we should all have reported them by now. Does anyone know if there's a way to tell Kickstarter that we haven't gotten anything? Or anything we can do to get a refund or the product?? Another month went bye, do you finally have some news on what is going on ? Thanks yet another good example of 'let's ignore our backers as long as we can and only update in the case of good news'... at this point in time, I'd say any update would do, if this project is ever going to materialize.... Still nothing here in the UK. Reading the previous comments doesn't bode well. Any update or reply to my messages would be appreciated. Just noticed the people who started this Keenan Hauff and Rob Burke have not logged on since September 15, 2015. Really good company here - no updates and not even willing to logon and check what is happening. Would recommend if you continue with Kickstarter to keep these two names handy - and never back them until they provide a refund or product to everyone. "Please bear with us, this is as frustrating to you as it is to us. We are doing our best." suuuure you are Cable keeper or refund, either one please, I'm not sure whether the creator still alive or not This user's account has been deleted. Do you have any news on how the situation has evolved and how and when you plan to fulfil ? Thanks It is hard to be respectful and considerate in this situation. This is the only fraudulent campaign I ever met on KS. I'm considering to close my account on KS if they don't protect me against people like you. Please send the Cable Keeper. I'm not interested in the wallet anymore. By the time we get these cables will be redundant! For what it's worth, they seem to be communicating on a quarterly basis. That's not ideal, but I guess it's better than nothing. The last update was in September 2015, so I'm hoping they send another before the end of the year. Monthly would be better, even if there's no news or bad news. I'd rather know the truth. Lastly, I have no reason to think they are failing or lying to us. That said, this is now the most overdue project I've backed. Need status update......anything!!! Update please. Terrible communication on this Kickstarter. Nothing in Australia Update? Any update for those of us like myself who have not received anything? Most of us haven't recieved shit! Just a month since my last comment. Do you have any news ? A delivery for Christmas would be highly appreciated. Thanks Any news ? An update would be most welcome at this point! Hi , I never received my pledge and I tried to contact you through kick starter to search for any tracking to see what happened with out any response? And to understand what going on. I appreciate your cooperation thanks Hi, when will got the product and is possible to have tracking number? Thanks I hope you guys get your production issues sorted out. I was one of the lucky ones who received the product and I love it. I'm looking forward to buying more. Where is my cable keeper? Can you either send me the product or give me my money back. Is there any chance at all this will be fulfilled? I'm moving soon and trying to figure out if I should bother sending them my new address What's new since last update ? Thanks for some up to date information. In case anyone wants to contact Keenan or Rob, you should be able to find their contact information on "spinyourstory.com" or "threefold.tv". I've never been a creator much so I don't know what the process is once Kickstarter starts getting suspicious but my guess is that the last update was to keep Kickstarter off their backs for a little longer. Keenan Hauff..... A name to remember never to back in any pledge or business I keep on sending messages to the creator for 3 month now and still nothing....Kinda losing my faith in kickstarter here What was the result of your supplier issue? Helllooo.... any news on this? :) thanks! Hi, when will got the product and is possible to have tracking number? Please respond to us Thanks From their latest update (14 Sept.): "We were told, the rest of the product will be shipped from them to us by the end of this week, and then off to you. If they are not, we will look to other means of production to finalize the orders.". That doesn't sound promising, if you ask me... Looks like they have just stolen the funds from this project! It really seems to be like that, I contacted the guys via Facebook, no response so far. It seems their have forgotten about their duty and just moved on and doing something else now. <url>"they have arrived" and then do nothing for WEEKS! Thanks for ........... nothing. Well at least our Creator is back checking in as he logged on today.........Just no communication;-) @ Keenan it's OK to communicate and 're-engage us Backers. @ Yong OK that's positive!! Will you keep us posted of your experiences and if in deed you receive and how you like your Cable Keepers. Since the Creator has seemed to not want to communicate/share I'm hoping we can do this ourselves? I have just received an email to ask for my address for shipping... I'm checking in as the Creators had shown signs of legitimacy of the project however the long Radio Silence is a bit confusing and weird? Also hasn't logged into KS since April 17th. This has got to be one of the strangest campaign I've been a part of? Is it possible to get an update? Has anyone actually received there rewards? Can we get an update? How many did you get in the first shipment? How many are you waiting for? Are you shipping yet? When do you plan on shipping? Still waiting................ Hi since long time I am sending many emails to ur company to change my address can u check your massages and reply at me. Because I do not want the shipping to be missed thanks Most importantly if Creator doesn't respond please report to KS the Violations. Legally creators must post 1 update per Month, clear Violation on this. Failure to deliver product on timeline without explanation is another violation. Creator This will help me get KS to Comply quicker. I've requested information from KS (it's a process) as the Creator Has PM me refuting my fraud statements. My PM communication was all about communication to the Backers. Being the Creator is checking in on almost a daily basis yet not communicating to the Backers tells me there's proplems. Being I have some tools available to me that most don't I'm going ahead with my due process to begin a legal claim against the Creator. I've requested a refund and Creator hasn't responded to my request. I work within Washington States AG's office and we have had much success in going after those Creators that use KS as a Platform to steal money. Now in no way am I saying that this Creator Has done this but the behavior isn't one of transparency with the Backers. As I've mentioned directly to the Creator to please post an update as I have better things to do. If the Seller chooses to Refund Me I'll not pursue the Creator as I'll not have a legal reason to do so. In conclusion the Creator holds the Cards to our outcome as well as his Own. I'm really hope for all of us that he'll take some serious time to reflect on do the right thing, which is to communicate with the Backers. I'm a Big supporter and truly want this to workout. However I'm not stupid and I have some power to have influence if the Creator feels the need to continue to acknowledge and ignore his legal responsibilities. As we all know and this includes the Creator. When you check in just don't read what your backers are requesting...... response would help out a lot;-) allright! get your ass up en do something to deliver the product to the backers! Hello???? any update? Come on guys. Give us an update. What is going on? I'm going public with my concerns and my next step is to contact KS to request a list of all backers to begin a suit. This message is to again remind you of your violations in your Contractual Agreement with KS and Your Backers. Your Last update gave the Backers the Impressions all was good and on track, yet here we are at the end of March and Zero Communication. Your checking in as your last check-In Date was 3/24/15 I PM you last time keeping my role and position private asking for a Full Refund to avoid an Investigation of Fraud and misrepresentation in the event you've found yourself in a position on not being able to perform as promised. I'm going public with my concerns now as you've once again taken the approach of casualness regarding your updates and promises to deliver. I personally need to know where we stand in this project ASAP. Once again if your unable to perform I'd highly suggest your reflect on refunding me ASAP! You've not communicated as promised and in my field Casualness breads Casualties. If you feel your above communicating, delivering or don't have an actual plan on how to execute what you've promised I will Guarantee You that the State of Washington along with myself will be very happy to Create a Plan for You. Please Advise! "We were told, the production would be finished the end of this month or the first week of March, and then promptly shipped to us." So what's the latest, please? *crickets* This is pretty poor - we need more updates. If I could cancel my order now I would. Update? This is indeed the worst KS campaign communication wise that I've seen... Impressive. last update is 17 Dec 2014, already 1.5 months.....pls update Worse communication ever! Last comment from creator was on 20th July 2014? Can you please update your backers? What is the status? One month into last update. Do you have any new to share with us ? Thanks and btw Happy New Year :-) You liked the prototypes, great. Is production in process? You could have hired ONE seamstress a month ago and you'd be finished by now. With only 357 backers, its not that big a project. A piece of cloth with velcro sewed into it with a sewed border. After being funded in July, with only 357 backers, if you bought the material in August and worked two hours a day, this would have been finished. Why is this taking so long for an easy project with few backers? This one is a no brainer. Time for an update The people asking for refunds clearly have no idea how kickstarter works. The following is from the "Trust & Safety" link on kickstarter. "What everyone should know -Kickstarter is not a store. People aren’t buying things that already exist — they’re helping to create new things. Creating things isn’t always easy. Some projects will go wonderfully, and others will run into obstacles. Be prepared for a little bit of each. -Creators are responsible for their projects. When you back a project, you’re trusting the creator to do a good job, so if you don’t know them personally or by reputation, do a little research first. Kickstarter doesn’t evaluate a project’s claims, resolve disputes, or offer refunds — backers decide what’s worth funding and what’s not. -Some projects won’t go as planned. Even with a creator’s best efforts, a project may not work out the way everyone hopes. Kickstarter creators have a remarkable track record, but nothing’s guaranteed. Keep this in mind when you back a project." I do agree with those asking for more frequent updates than 1 every couple of months. Thank you, that is all. I think we should report this project, if you have the app for ios at the end of the pledges you choose, you can report the project. Hi, Please issue me a refund. I am no more interested in your product. Doesn't matter when you will send it. I am not here to buy products as amazon. Lack of communication is not acceptable at all. It is a complete fraudulent project. My patience is over. Anyone else can suggest what can we do except informing kickstarter? Thanks! Can we please get an update? Hi Cable Keepers, Can you please update us on how things are going? Thanks, Dennis update pls, don't let us wait another 2 months....even no progress, but at lease let us know that you still alive, thanks Update? What's going on? Please send an update. We are past the estimated delivery schedule (November), could you update us please about the current status? Many thanks! Hey Guys.......How's our project going? Are you thinking before or after Christmas for delivery? Thanks for caring about your backers and keeping us informed. Looking forward to a estimated shipping deadlines. Thanks Again It's been a month. Update please. update please Update!!! I just want my money back!! What shall I have to do? I am way over it now! Hey Guys!! Do you have an update? I normally would never 'disturb' people privately, but this is going nowhere. Good thing that Keenan has facebook. I sended them an email aswel a couple of days ago.. I'll keep you guys updated as soon as i hear anything... I just sent email to them for asking refund, hope that they will contact me. Hi ! My 2 cents : I can greatly accept delays, but no communications is more harder, please give us status. Hey Guys, August 18 was the last update. I think you should have more info about the production of the cable keeper by now! This does not feel good. I would like to take refund on this project? Can anyone tell me how can I do that? please say sth, at lease let us know any update... already 2 months Guys, I have lost hope! You didn't even reply a single message or comment? Your last comment was more than 2 months ago! This is not normal in any way! Please update! You guys don't waste any words :) but we'd like an update After one more month, any update ? Thanks Dear Sir, any update? Thanks How are you guys going with the prototype and is the est shipping still going to be Nov 2014? Please let the backers know, or at least a short update... Here’s a really good, thoughtful article on "Why Kickstarter projects are always delayed": <url>’t just relevant to Kickstarter—it explains a lot about the process of creating *any* new product. Note especially the section on "Being transparent with your backers." In my experience backers will forgive delays much more readily than they'll forgive poor communication. Understand, I'm just reminding you that it's easy to post frequent updates when the pledges are rolling in before the funding period ends... but not always so easy to post when you're in the final phase, desperately trying to solve production problems in order to make your ship date. But it's important to do so anyway! So remember: when the going gets tough, keep us informed, and we'll understand and be patient. Thanks Andy for the link! indeed @jitesh! I'm waiting for an update as wel.. Silence is never a good thing on KS! Good or bad, give us some newsplease. Hi Guys, I think you should update your backers every two weeks. Thanks! Hey Guys! Why so silence here! You did a great job! Please do keep us updated! Is there a way to upgrade the wallet in my package to another portable? Have you determined if you'll be able to add labeling? To me that's a pretty important part of keeping things organized. I too agree, labelling could be a good idea! I agree about the labeling. That was what I was contemplating while watching your video--how I was going to put labels on this. I agree. Labeling would be very useful. Great idea. I'm backing it. Adding a mini clear pocket to insert labels would be nice. ~Randy (Garrison, ND)