In November 2013, a community of patients and #MEallies came together to show the true face of ME and made history. Thank you for dreaming big! You can continue to support this project and learn more about Myalgic Encephalomyelitis by visiting our website, canaryinacoalminefilm.com. Help us get to 6509. Become a $1 backer and recruit ten of your friends and family to also donate a dollar. You'll get awesome rewards like a "Behind the Scenes Pass" and a chance to shape the film or tell your story. To learn how it works, sign up here: j.mp/canary6509 Why 6509 backers? Because we want to win with overwhelming force. That number would put us one man or one woman ahead of the standing record. Whether we're pitching to journalists or courting distributors, we want incontrovertible proof that yes, we exist, we are numerous, and so are the people who love us. There is a passionate audience that wants to see this story told. Jennifer, a Harvard PhD student, was signing a check at a restaurant when she found she could not write her own name. Months before her wedding, she became progressively more ill, losing the ability even to sit in a wheelchair. Doctors insisted that her condition was psychosomatic rather than real. As she dug deeper, she found she had become a part of a hidden world of millions suffering from an illness for which there is evidence dating back to at least the 1930s. The disease, myalgic encephalomyelitis, was re-branded in the 1980s by the CDC as 'Chronic Fatigue Syndrome,' a name which became both a punchline and a Rorschach: a wastebasket of undiagnosed conditions hiding a very real disease. Scientists at the country's top institutions have found evidence of profound metabolic, neurological, and immunological dysfunction in patients with M.E.. However, since the disease is not taught in medical schools, doctors don't know how to recognize it, effectively denying healthcare to a million Americans. In Canary in a Coal Mine, Jennifer documents her own story and the stories of Jessica, a young British woman who runs a children's charity from the room that has been her whole world for the last eight years, Howard, an 80s rock publicist-polymath, Mary, an activist, Liisa, a Canadian ex-buddhist monk, and Leeray and Casie, a mother and daughter bedridden in Georgia. Through extreme diets, experimental medication, political activism, or by moving closer, or farther, from God, each struggles to find their own way to fight, accept, and sometimes, even thrive in spite of 'an illness that has no end.' On October 25th, just 3 days and 5 hours after our campaign launched, we reached our first funding goal of $50,000. Words cannot equal our gratitude for your generosity. This campaign has invigorated a community that has for so long felt its voices marginalized and ignored. The power and the energy behind this campaign is extraordinary. This is our moment. We are going to do everything we can to tell this message from bigger and bigger platforms, and to make a film that is worthy of all the trust you have put in us and the love you have showed. You have inspired us to push harder, to dream bigger. Now, we want to become the most popularly supported documentary film in the history of Kickstarter. 6509 backers will get us there. It only takes $1 to write a new story and change the future. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Our appeal video has been subtitled in Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, French, Portuguese, Italian and Spanish on YouTube. Bring it to your native language. fb.com/canaryfilm @canaryfilm #seeME #MEAlly Let's join our voices and shout it loud! Share your chronic illness story at our storytelling website. ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ This is also a story that reveals deep flaws in our modern approach to medicine and the delivery of healthcare, the tensions between science and medicine. Medicine has always been troubled diseases patients could feel or demonstrate, but it could not "objectively" measure. This is especially true when it came to female patients. Medicine locked epileptics in insane asylums before the invention of the EEG. It debated as to the true nature of Multiple Sclerosis before the MRI came along in the 1970s. In some countries, patients with severe ME are still forcibly institutionalized. What has happened to this disease has happened before and is likely to happen again. Whether or not you have a chronic illness, everyone at some point will face a difficult, confusing, or scary health issue; or it will happen to someone they love; or they will confront some other obstacle that will alter the course of their lives and destroy the image they once had of their personal future. When that happens, how will we react? Will it destroy us? Or will we be able to make beautiful things grow from those dark places? The challenges of filming patients with severe M.E. To touch a wide audience, we believe we need to connect to universal themes and show the world what it really looks and feels like to live with this illness--the sorrows, yes, but also the joys and moments of grace. We will tell the story of M.E.: the history, the science, the politics, but through the stories of our main characters: patients who will bring us into their day-to-day lives and help us to experience, through them, what it is to live with a severe chronic illness. We ask them to turn their smart phones and digital cameras on their own stories. This is important because we often don’t look as ill as we feel every single moment of the day, and our symptoms wax and wane in severity, as do our feelings about the future. The film makes use of a combination of studio-shot interviews, artfully-composed b-roll, archival footage, and self-filmed diaries. Canary in a Coal Mine is, at its heart, a question: what does this illness signify about the world we live in and what do we all risk by ignoring the voices of the sick and the profoundly invisible? What could we all learn by paying attention to those voices? WHO IS BEHIND THIS FILM? Jennifer Brea, Producer/Director Jennifer is a doctoral student in the Department of Government at Harvard University on indefinite medical leave. Prior to that, she was a print journalist in Beijing and East Africa. She is a TED Fellow, and earned her AB in Politics from Princeton University. Kiran Chitanvis, Creative Producer/ DP Kiran is an independent filmmaker. She has worked on numerous short and feature films that have played at festivals around the world. A member of the inaugural class at the Tisch Asia Singapore campus, she holds an MFA in Film and Television Production from NYU Tisch School of the Arts. She earned an AB in Politics from Princeton University. Thank you so much to Mary Schweitzer, Howard Bloom, Liisa Priyanka Lugus, Jessica Taylor, Courtney Craig, Derek Enlander, Mady Hornig, and Nancy Klimas for sharing your time, your expertise, and your stories. In addition, we are supported by: Toni Bernard, Howard Bloom, Eva Hagberg, Sarah Allegra, and Elisabeth Tova Bailey. Directing With A Disability The money we raise on Kickstarter will allow us to go into production next year and will fund the time, equipment rental, and travel expenses of our Director of Photography, an assistant camera person, and a sound mixer as they shoot on location in Canada, the UK, around the US and possible on or two additional international sites. $50,000 will get us to the end of production. If that were all we raised, we could make a film we are quite proud of for release online. However, to make a film that we believe will change the face of this illness forever, that is just the beginning. Our ultimate goal is to raise at least $200,000 through a combination of online fundraising, grants, and the support of a small cadre of executive producers. For more on budgets for documentary films, see our update: "Our big push to the finish line." The Role of Adaptive Technologies First, give and give generously, whatever that means for you. Every dollar counts. Second, spread the word! Crowdfunding campaigns reach and exceed their goals when very large amounts of people donate small amounts of money. So click on this link and share our page on Twitter and Facebook. Email your friends and family. Then, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook. Stay up to date with the latest on the campaign. If you are interested in making a tax-deductible donation or investing in the project in a deeper way, email <email>. We'd love to have a conversation. We're offering a range of awards to say thank you for helping the world to #seeME! Books We are excited to offer some special rewards from Toni Bernhard, Howard Bloom, Eva Hagberg, and Elisabeth Tova Bailey. Also on offer, a forthcoming e-book by director Jennifer Brea on becoming ill with M.E. and a PDF booklet, filled with archival goodies from research for our film. Elisabeth Tova Bailey is the author of the award-winning literary nonfiction book The Sound of a Wild Snail Eating. Her book won the William Saroyan International Prize for Nonfiction, the John Burroughs Medal Award, a National Outdoor Book Award. Bailey became ill with CFS/M.E. after returning from a trip out-of-the-country. Bailey explores illness through the lens of natural history as she spends a year observing the life of a wild forest snail that lives at her bedside. Bailey is offering a limited number of autographed copies of her book toward the Kickstarter fundraising campaign. Toni Bernhard is the author of the award-winning How to Be Sick: A Buddhist-Inspired Guide for the Chronically Ill and Their Caregivers and the newly-released How to Wake Up: A Buddhist-Inspired Guide to Navigating Joy and Sorrow. She was a law professor for 22 years at the University of California-Davis until she became ill with CFS/M.E. in 2001 and was forced to retire. Since then, Bernhard has become a published author and also writes for Psychology Today online. Bernhard is offering five autographed copies of How to Be Sick, a book which explores living skillfully with the challenges of chronic pain or illness or any condition. In addition, she is offering three copies of the audiobook of How to Wake Up, a book that integrates many of the Buddha’s teachings into everyday and focuses on practical ways to find peace and well-being regardless of your particular circumstances. Howard Bloom has been called "next in a lineage of seminal thinkers that includes Newton, Darwin, Einstein, [and] Freud," by Britain's Channel4 TV and "the next Stephen Hawking" by Gear Magazine. Bloom is the founder of three international scientific groups and the author of The Lucifer Principle, Global Brain, The Genius of the Beast, and The God Problem. As a "field expedition into the forces of history," Bloom founded the biggest PR firm in the music industry and worked with clients like Michael Jackson, Prince, Bob Marley, Cyndi Lauper, AC/DC, Bette Midler, Billy Joel, Peter Gabriel, David Byrne, Simon & Garfunkel, Farm Aid, and Amnesty International. Bloom was confined to bed by M.E. for fifteen years. He is offering a limited number of autographed copies of The God Problem: How a Godless Cosmos Creates, a book that explores the next big challenge for science and human thought. And a book that will utterly reshape the way you see. Eva Hagberg is the author of the Kindle Single It’s All In Your Head and the books Dark Nostalgia and Nature Framed. She is a PhD student in Visual and Narrative Culture, a department she invented, at the University of California, Berkeley, and a writer whose work has been published in Wallpaper*, CITY, Metropolis, Architectural Record, and the New York Times T: Style Magazine. Her books and articles explore architecture and design. Hagberg became ill in 2008 and has spent the last year undergoing brain biopsies, CT scans, MRI's, and hundreds of arcane blood tests - all in service of trying to diagnose what so far still remains a mystery. It has been a whirlwind journey documented in It's All in Your Head, a memoir that delves into the nightmare of medical care for women, the terror of early-onset brain disease, and the power of love. She is offering a limited number of her Kindle Single. A Walk Through ME's History: A PDF Booklet As I began doing background research for the film, I became more and more curious about ME's pre-1984 and pre-"Chronic Fatigue Syndrome" history. In the early days, it was thought to be a new form of polio causing transient, rather than permanent, paralysis. As is often the case, the present is an echo of history. Even before the invention of "Chronic Fatigue Syndrome," the disease disproportionately struck women. That's never a very good thing for a disease. It was not long before, at least in media coverage, "atypical polio" became "atypical polio, but you know, with a little hysteria." We still don't know what all that research will uncover, but are excited to share what we find with you as PDF booklet. See the "A PIECE OF HISTORY" reward. Nurses at the Los Angeles County Hospital in 1934, just before the outbreak Fine Art Photography We are offering 10"x15" and 16"x24" limited edition prints of photos by Mr. Lisa and by Sarah Allegra, an artist living with ME, as well as a postcard of her photograph, "Spoon Theory." Sarah Allegra is an internationally-published fine art photographer; a photojournalist of the fantastical, specializing in conceptual portraiture. Her photos offer the viewer a portal to another world; an ethereal, dream-filled realm where the impossible becomes possible. She sees the world in a mythic, symbolic way. Things are rarely what, or all, they appear to be. There are hidden meanings in every shadow. Each photo is a complete story unto itself; a piece of visual poetry. She has had ME for approximately a dozen years and has been shooting for just under four years. Mister Lisa is 22 years old and has had M.E. for about a year and a half. She is from Sweden and she writes, "I use photography as a way to express myself. It makes me feel alive. It gives me a voice." Autographed stills We are also offering a unique, timestamped, autographed still from the film, signed by the filmmakers, and selected from some of our most arresting shots. Shoot your story Donate $1200 (Los Angeles, New York, Melboune) or $2000 (London) to our Kickstarter campaign, and you'll get to sit (or lay) down with us for about an hour in a studio and talk about any aspect of your personal story, activism or views of the disease you like. We'll produce a short video for web using clips from your interview, and may use some of your footage in the final film. Yes, it's a big sum, but it reflects the costs involved in studio time and editing, and includes almost all of the other rewards. Most important, it's a chance to help us make history. You need not be a patient to be filmed. We'd also love to document caretakers and family members who might help tell the story of a loved one who cannot make it to a studio. They have a story to tell, too: of what it's like to love, witness, and support someone with this disease. Dear backers, This has been a long time coming, but we have finally done a redesign of the Canary website to include a "wall of thanks": <url>– my family, my husband, Omar's family, old friends from high school, college, grad school (I think fully half the Harvard Department of Government donated!). TED Fellows and TEDsters, friends I met in Beijing, friends I met at Global Voices. People from every moment in my life that has mattered. Omar's old friends from Stuyvesant, Stanford, New York. I missed so many names in the hectic pace that was that campaign. I wish I could say, individually, to every single one of you, thank you. I am so deeply moved all over again. Living with this disease has been this constant process of grieving for my old life, of saying goodbye to myself. Reading these names has helped me to feel connected and supported all over again. As morbid or elegiac as it sounds, I mean it joyfully and with gratitude – what a fierce and wonderful life I lived from birth to 28, and how many incredible people I have met along the way. And then I started seeing names that I would never have recognized during the campaign. Names of patients and activists, caretakers, family and friends, of people that I would only come to know later. And then I saw Walter Irvine – he and his wife, Chardale, gave. Chardale took her own life last year after many long years of battling this disease. I saw Vanessa Li, who fought so hard for herself and for all of us, before she also took her life last year. I am angry for what we have lost. I am angry for the unnecessary pain caused by ignorance and prejudice. There are times I feel we face terrifying odds but then I remember we are not the first and we are not alone. We can take inspiration from the struggles and successes of other movements. We fought against the invisible We looked to one another for comfort We held the hands of friends and lovers We did not turn our backs We embraced We embraced – E. Ethelbert Miller, 2005 I am so grateful to this amazing list – for reminding me of just what we are fighting for and the amazing things that can happen when we all come together. With love and gratitude, Jen Note: as of fall 2015, we are only using Kickstarter to send out updates about rewards and other campaign-related news. For news about the film, all backers have been added to the Mailchimp email list. For more, see our FAQ . This September CANARY is heading to IFP Independent Film Week at the Lincoln Center in New York. IFP's forum is one of the largest connecting new documentary feature projects with U.S. and International buyers, sales agents, and financiers. We can't wait to continue the conversations we started at Sundance and hopefully make some new friends for the film! You can read the full press release here: <url>#.VbAQ3JNVhBd I am thrilled to announce that Canary in a Coal Mine has been chosen as one of eight films to participate in Britdoc's Good Pitch New York!!! "Good Pitch brings together documentary filmmakers with foundations, NGOs, campaigners, philanthropists, policy makers, brands and media around leading social and environmental issues - to forge coalitions and campaigns that are good for all these partners, good for the films and good for society." BRITDOC is all about helping documentaries achieve the broadest reach and greatest impact on the world. We are so excited to have the opportunity these next many months to work with them on developing a killer outreach campaign and expanding our circle of allies. You can see the full lineup of Good Pitch New York films here: <url>‪#‎mecfs‬ community and find new allies and audiences: <url>– it's the midway point! We capped off the week with an editing workshop where we showed some work-in-progress scenes from CANARY. It is early days, but it was the perfect setting and the perfect moment to get that outside feedback. In short, the room encouraged and empowered me to return to the deepest roots of why I decided to embark on this crazy journey of filmmaking to begin with; to remember what it felt like to believe that I didn't have a choice, that I needed to tell this story to save my own life. Sundance / Women in Film Financing Workshop In April, in Albuquerque, I boarded a plane to Los Angeles – by myself. It is my first solo travel in over four years. It was risky and a little scary, but mostly in that got the keys to my mom's car for the first time kind of way. I am ever grateful for airport wheelchair attendants who help enable disabled persons to travel independently, for UberX, and for all of the little tricks I have learned (and keep learning) that make possible minor miracles such as this trip. Lindsey and I were at a Female Filmmakers Initiative Financing Intensive hosted by the Sundance / Women in Film LA to strategize how to effectively close our budget gap for post-production. It's a big mountain to climb, but I've come to realize both this illness and documentary filmmaking itself are the business of climbing mountains. Our main dilemma (and opportunity) is how to make sure even more people know about this film, especially those who care deeply about the issues at the heart of this story: issues of science, healthcare, gender, disability, discrimination and patients' rights. CANARY is in post-production! At Sundance in January, I saw this extraordinary film by Marc Silver, 3 1/2 minutes. 3 1/2 minutes tells the story of the tragic shooting of Jordan Davis, a black teen who was killed by a white man in Florida over a disagreement about loud hip-hop music. It won a Special Jury prize and airs on HBO this fall. I am pleased to announce that 3 1/2 minutes's very talented editor, Emiliano Battista, is the latest addition to Team Canary. Please give him a big welcome! More on 3 1/2 minutes: <url>½ Minutes (Special Jury Prize Sundance 2015, HBO), How is your Fish Today? with Chinese novelist and film-maker Xiaolu Guo (Sundance 2007), The Intimacy of Strangers, The Solitary Life of Cranes, Black Out and Night, Peace with Eva Weber, Elvis Pelvis (Berlin Film Festival), Dolce Vita Africana, a portrait of Malian photographer Malik Sidibe, The Runner by Saeed Taji Farouky and The Auction House, a tale of two brothers about the oldest auction house in India. Emiliano has also worked on multi-screen art installations shown in major exhibitions and museums worldwide: All That is Solid Melts into Air and No Permanent Address with Mark Boulos. More soon! Now that you're all caught up, we have some more good news coming your way soon! Hi everyone! I will be appearing Monday morning live at 10am ET/7am PT on the national NPR show, On Point along with Dr. Ellen Wright Clayton, chair of the IOM committee, Dr. Derek Enlander of Mt. Sinai and Dr. Daniel Neides of the Cleveland Clinic. The show will discuss Myalgic Encephalomyelitis, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and the new name and definition for Systemic Intolerance Disease (SEID). I will also talk a bit about the film. It is a one hour, live call in show, so you can call in with your questions or comments during the broadcast. Here is how to call on point: <url>…/510053/on-point-with-tom-ashbrook Wish me luck! Jen Greetings everyone! We have been back from Park City for over a week but it's taken me awhile to muster the brain power to write this update. Sundance was one of the most extraordinary experiences of my life. You have a real sense, being there, that movies matter; that documentaries matter; and that the right story, told the right way, at the right moment can change everything about how a society sees a person, a place, or entire class of people. They are perhaps our culture's most powerful empathy machines. I am doing everything I can to make this film that story, The entire Canary team walked away from all the workshops and screenings with an even more ambitious vision of what the film and the space around it might be. We had the opportunity to share our work in progress footage with broadcasters, funders, and creative and strategic partners from around the world. The meetings were incredible. So many had personal connections to the subject of the film – friends or loved ones with ME or other complex or invisible illnesses, who had lived similar stories. One of the most compelling facts about this project has been, and continues to be, just how much support this film garnered on Kickstarter. It is our most powerful indicator of what the audience for this film might be. So thank you, as ever, for being the first to believe in this dream. Below, a bit of Sundance, in pictures! With gratitude, Jen I took some aggressive pre-Sundance rest in my DIY sensory deprivation chamber Before a nine hour road trip (!) Then pumped up on some saline at an infusion center in Salt Lake City I missed the DJ spinning at the opening night party, but it looks like it was fun! With some aggressive activity management (Don't worry – I am not crashing in this photo. I am aggressively pacing and taking up all of the space that I need.) And a little help from some friends... ...I made it to nearly every event! My profound thanks to two of our lovely producers, Lindsey Dryden and Patricia Gillespie, without whom getting out of this week alive would never have been possible. And to the film's first producer, my husband, Omar, who kinda holds up the universe with his bare hands. I am thrilled to announce that I have been invited to attend the Sundance Film Festival in January as one of ten Documentary Film Program fellows! Just to be clear, Canary is not in the festival (we have not yet even begun our edit). But what this does mean is that I and a few members of my team will have the opportunity to participate in a week of workshops culminating in "industry meetings": curated, one-on-one meetings with broadcasters, distributors, funders and creatives. It is an extraordinary opportunity to get the word out about our ME documentary to a community of individuals and organizations who support documentary filmmakers and help films find their audiences. It will be nine, grueling days. I know it will be costly but I cannot think of anything more worth the effort. I have been largely bedridden again since our California shoot, although the last few days I am finally starting to feel pretty good. I will be resting aggressively the next four weeks in preparation. I could use your thoughts and prayers. If between now and the last week in January, every so often you could tweet me, or Facebook me and say, "Jen, REST," that would be enormously helpful. But seriously, how amazing is this? <url>’ve supported have gone on to win Emmy® awards, Academy Awards®, Peabodys, and The Ridenhour Documentary Film Prize; and they have gone on to change hearts, minds, and policy. YOU CAN THANK Chicken &amp; Egg for supporting our stories here: <url>– beautiful, terrifying, heartbreaking, joyous, and lovely. In other words, what I believe is a picture of all of our lives, whether or not we have ME. The #MEAction Network Lastly, I wanted to share news about a new platform currently under development, one with a set of tools that will make it easier for advocates from around the world to meet, collaborate, and join campaigns to promote equal access to healthcare, science, and basic human dignity for patients living with ME. It's called The #MEAction Network . We're not an advocacy organization. Rather, we aim to empower a grassroots movement with tools and resources that help advocates do what they are already doing, better. Sign up here: <url>– Myalgic Encephalomyelitis for one person, Parkinson's for another – a common set of causes may be increasing our risk. <url>– and limits – of the AIDS movement as a model for other health movements. Wednesday, May 14th at 3pm ET. RSVP I am completely overwhelmed, embarrassed, humbled and grateful (but mostly embarrassed!) to be named ProHealth's 2013 Advocate of the Year for my work on Canary in a Coal Mine . <url>#MEallies!) for being a constant source of support, laughter, and inspiration. The M.E./Canary in a Coal Mine segment on Al Jazeera's America Tonight is now live online. It's an incredibly empathic piece and perhaps one of the first times in U.S. cable network history the word "Myalgic Encephalomyelitis" has been mentioned on air – the first of many! Watch the full segment: <url>"Project of the Month" and we need your help. <url>"coming out" experience, an experience that has already helped many to feel more visible in their communities or even within their own families. - How has participating in this campaign or sharing the videos affected you and those around you? - What has been your favorite moment of this campaign? Or favorite video? - What do you hope for for your future? - What do you dream of for our future? - How do we get there, together? This is an opportunity to reflect, but also to celebrate. Get creative! Embrace whimsy. The sillier, the better You can also post your photos and video to Twitter, hashtag, #seeME With love &amp; gratitude, Jen &amp; Kiran If you've received this by email, click on the YouTube link below to watch. 36 hours away from midnight Friday, we reached our $200,000 goal!! THANK YOU!! You've helped turn the worst thing into the most extraordinary, wonderful thing. <url>"Give a little more, help us get to $190,000" and you were like, "Nah, Jen. We're going to go ALL THE WAY." As of the moment I type, we have raised $198,764 of our $200,000 goal. THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!! Folks dug into their grocery money, tweeted like mad (yes you, @batteroldbook ), donated their birthdays, and sacrificed an incredible amount for this dream: that the truth of what we live might finally be seen and heard. When I look at this number, I am both amazed and devastated. On the one hand, it's a testament to how powerful, as a community, we can be and on the other, a statement of just how much we have suffered. I am so glad, that with this campaign and this film (and all the other crazy plans we are hatching), we might be able to take all that bad and invert it into something amazing. In fact, I think we already have! We are not going to hit 6509 (that crown is worn by Bridegroom and I am more than happy to let them keep it!). We are, however, poised to enter into the top 20 of documentaries on Kickstarter in terms of both backers and funding. I am so proud to be part of this community! And a BIG BIG thank you to our #MEallies – along with patients, our friends and family, as did folks who have no direct connection to this disease, but recognize in this an all too common story. HUFFINGTON POST We have a new piece up on Huffington Post, which is now featured on the website's home page: <url>– but we need your help spreading the word. Tuesday Thunderclap + Stephen Fry = 7.68 million social reach We've had a tremendous response to our Thunderclap ( <url>’ve shared . Thanks to that support, we’ve raised a tremendous fraction of our budget through the power of the crowd, far more than we ever imagined. At $159,417, and with one week left, we are in striking distance of our goal! We just wanted to answer some questions about our budget. Even when we were aiming for our first $50,000, some wondered why we needed even that much to make a feature-length film. Why are we now shooting for four times that goal? Good questions, all. So, we thought we’d share with you some examples of recent successful documentaries and what they cost to produce, as well as how the funds you have helped us raise will be used in support of this film. $200,000 is a big number in our lives and in the world of Kickstarter. However, in the world of professional, feature-length documentaries, it is a realistic but modest budget. Some sample budgets of documentary films that have played at top festivals and gone on to have theatrical, TV, and online releases: Under Our Skin (Lyme disease documentary) - just under $1 million 5 Broken Cameras - $250,000 (Oscar nominee) - (shot using mostly home-video footage) The Invisible War - $850,000 (Oscar nominee) A Small Act - under $500,000 The Gatekeepers - 1.5 million euros (Oscar nominee) Searching for Sugarman - $1 million (Oscar nominee) Inside Job - $2 million (Oscar nominee) Is it possible to make an excellent film for much less? Of course. And that’s what we’re trying to do! Here is what our film will cost: Production: $120,000 This money covers upgrading to a better camera that can more beautifully capture images in near darkness, allowing us to film our most severely afflicted interview subjects who cannot tolerate light. As an added bonus, the film will also have an overall higher-quality look when shown on large formats (theaters!). It will cover the cost of travel and lodging so we can shoot on location in the US and several other countries, in addition to hiring professional sound recordists and camera assistants, shooting permits, insurance, and meals for the crew. Post-Production: $80,000 This will cover hiring an editor, doing a final color correction, sound design and mix, music rights, and making a film print for festival screenings. Did you know that a single 35mm print, which many top festivals and some theaters still require, costs, at minimum, $30,000? Why are you try to raise so much on Kickstarter? The more we can raise now, the more energy we have to focus on craft, the faster we can finish the film, and the less energy we will need to spend on fundraising in the future. And as I'm sure you can appreciate, for Jen, the more energy saved, the better! What happens if you raise more than your goal? For starters, Kickstarter and Amazon payments will take about 7-10% of what we've raised, and fulfilling rewards does carry some costs. The short answer is, within reason, more money will help us get to an even better film. It means being able to shoot for more days, get even better footage, or the power to work with even more talented and experienced folks. What if you don’t raise everything on Kickstarter? We have many applications out for grants. We will keep pounding the pavement. And one way, or another, we will get to where we’re going. Got more questions? Ask away! Thank you so much for your continued support of our bid to make M.E. visible, to help push history forward a little faster. With gratitude, Jen &amp; Kiran TEN DAYS TO GO! KICK OFF OUR LAST WEEK WITH A THUNDERCLAP We are organizing a Thunderclap to energize the last week of our Kickstarter campaign, and we need your help! You can read more and sign up here: <url>"bag men" out there who whipped the vote across Facebook and Twitter. We continue to be deeply moved by the generosity and enthusiasm of this community of people with #ME and #MEallies. We are a force to be reckoned with! As project of the week, we'll get a chance to chat with the lovely folks over at SnagFilms, and a shot at winning Project of the Month. If we win Project of the Month, we'll get to discuss Canary in a Coal Mine with the head of documentary programming at the Tribeca Film Festival, which would be a pretty great opportunity. Project of the Month voting will open at the end of November/beginning of December. <url>"Shoot Your Story" award is now available in Melbourne, thanks to the generosity of Daniel Kerr and his sister, Anna Kerr. Daniel is a filmmaker and editor, and his sister Anna, in addition to being ill with ME for the last several years, coined one of my favorite expressions yet to come out of this campaign: We're trying to take that revolution international. If you live in or near Melbourne (New York, Los Angeles or London), are well enough to travel to a studio, and would like to tell your story, there are three ways to make this happen: 1) Donate $1200 to our Kickstarter campaign <url>"Shoot Your Story" award. 2) Get a chance to shoot your story for $1 by helping us spread the word: <url>#MEallies to do steps 1 &amp; 2 Recruit 10, and you'll get a Behind the Scenes Pass (access to a private account where you'll be the first to see new video, rough cuts, and updates from the road), a chance to earn invites to screenings, and a shot at telling your story on camera (now, in NY, LA or London), for free. It's our way of saying thank you for spreading the word. Yesterday, Canary in a Coal Mine was chosen as indieWIRE's project of the day. We are now up for project of the week, and WE NEED YOUR VOTE to win. Voting runs now to Monday, 11AM ET. <url>"Shoot Your Story" reward is now available in three cities: Los Angeles, New York, and London, thanks to the generosity of one awesome angel &amp; #MEAlly. <url>“invisibility” and every new donor (even $1!) helps us get closer to producing the full film. With your help, the Kickstarter campaign itself can be a vehicle for raising awareness about ME. With love and gratitude, Jen &amp; Kiran fb.com/canaryfilm twitter.com/canaryfilm We are thrilled to announce that ABCnews.com has a new piece about Canary in a Coal Mine and the realities of life with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis. It features interviews with Jennifer Brea, Nancy Klimas, and Jessica Taylor. At the heart of this project is a belief in the unique power of film and media to bring to light the stories of people with otherwise invisible illnesses. This is one of the rare times that Myalgic Encephalomyelitis has been portrayed in American media with that name and with an unblinking focus on how severe this disease can be for many. Article: <url>“What's fascinating about the film is the most difficult thing to get across to the medical community is how serious this disease is.” Together, we can make that change in the world. With your support and generosity, we have raised over $90,000 and are within striking distance of raising $100,000 by tomorrow (Friday)—just ten days after the launch of our campaign. Thank you again for bringing us so far, so fast! With love and gratitude, Jen &amp; Kiran Thank you so much for all you have given to this campaign. You've blown us away! You have inspired us to push harder, dream bigger. OUR GOAL: 6509 backers by November 22nd That number would make us the most-backed documentary film in the history of Kickstarter. It only takes $1 to become a backer. Our numbers are the biggest argument we can make against the idea that we are "invisible." We may not be out walking around in the world, and if we are, you might not be able to see how we are broken, but we--and the people who love us--can certainly make our presence known! <url>"Chronic fatigue syndrome") forever. Become an #MEally. Recruit your friends and loved ones to become $1 backers. With love and gratitude, Jen &amp; Kiran WE DID IT!! In just 3 days and 5 hours, we have zoomed past our first Kickstarter goal, raising more than $50,000 for Canary in a Coal Mine . You have absolutely knocked us over with all of your love and support (in Jen's case, literally). When the news came in, we got a little emotional: Words cannot equal our gratitude for your generosity. This campaign has invigorated a community that has for so long felt its voices marginalized and ignored. The power and the energy behind this campaign is extraordinary. This is our moment. We are going to do everything we can to tell this message from bigger and bigger platforms, and to make a film that is worthy of the trust you have put in us and the love you have showed. You have inspired us to push harder, to dream bigger. OUR GOAL: $200,000 and 6509 backers by November 22nd We will explain more about this on Monday, but here's our big crazy vision: to raise our *entire* film budget with this campaign, and to be the documentary film with the greatest number of backers in the history of Kickstarter. It only takes $1 to write a new story and change the future. Why 6509 backers? Because we want to win with overwhelming force. That number would put us one man or one woman ahead of the standing record. Whether we're pitching to journalists or courting distributors, we want incontrovertible proof that yes, we exist, we are numerous, and so are the people who love us. There is a passionate audience that wants to see this story told. How do we get there? Share, share, SHARE . Much love and more soon, Jen &amp; Kiran #seeME #MEally Dear #canaries, #spoonies, #MEAllies and everyone who has supported and shared this project: We have raised over $20,000 in the less than 24 hours since our Kickstarter campaign launched yesterday! You have left us humbled, grateful, and (almost) speechless. And as you've shared your stories with us, and what this film means to you...let's just say, I probably cried five times yesterday, and we still have 30 days to go. $50,000 gets us to a film that we're proud of. But if we want a shot at making a film that will change the way the world see M.E.--forever--we've got to aim for a professional, feature-length documentary film budget. But first, let's get to $50K! How do we do that? Share, share, share! <url>– if by activity you mean the updates, all backers should have received these updates in their inboxes. We'll definitely send out an update to all backers re: the switch to Mailchimp, but if you gave to the campaign, you do not need to sign up in order to continue receiving updates. Everyone was automatically added to the new system. The most important thing is to make sure of is that <email> and <email> are added to your address book to make sure these aren't going into your trash. You can also search your inbox for our latest updates to make sure they aren't going into "trash" or (if you use gmail) "updates": Help us build Canary's impact campaign: <url>"updates" tab as we were sending frequent updates. This fall we switched to sending updates to our supporters via our email list. Emails will come from <email> or you can try signing up again at our website, canaryinacoalminefilm.com Hi Tamara. Drop me an email at <email> and we can try to see what is happening. We have sent 42 updates since the launch of the campaign. They may be getting stuck in your spam box. You can also follow the film at FB.com/canaryfilm or at our website <url>– immensely touched by your enthusiasm and generosity!! To everyone--thank you so much for all of your comments and your support of this project. I am so sorry we don't have the capacity to respond to everyone who writes, but know that we try to read everything are grateful for the words of encouragement, reminders to pace, and also for the helpful critical feedback. To Chad--we are uploading a PG version of our six-minute preview which I hope you can share with your community. I will post the link here when it is live. Dear Jen, Thank you so very much for you recent letter! It perfectly explained the festival viewing limitation process and constraints you are under until the film goes public. I am perfectly content waiting patiently until you are free to release "Unrest". More importantly, my greater concern is that you soon feel some significant improvement, whatever that may be, and release from the grips of this potent ME illness. I'm so sorry that you've been stricken by this dismissed illness: however, I can't imagine anyone else being as graceful, courageous and verbally articulate as you've been through your Ted Talks and correspondence about the film from when it commenced up through today You and your husband, Omar, are my personal heroes this year. What a blessing that you've had each other through this complex illness and documentary-making-venture. You two are remarkable individuals; and, surely, your finished piece will be a gift to many once they view it. I hope "Unrest" will rattle and rouse the medical industry to put more dollars into research for ME medication and cures. Fondly, S. E. Greenwood Evanston, Illinois I came to see what was happening and I'm happy to see activity on the page. However, I haven't been getting the updates either. I signed up for the updates directly from the website, but I wasn't aware (as I'm sure many other supporters weren't) that we were to go to sign up for those updates. It might be worth it to send out a message to let people know for the future? When do we get to see the film, get a copy of it, talk to whomever, etc.? I thought I would be getting updates in my email through this process. I haven't. Hey- I hope everything is going well. I'm so excited to soon be seeing this film! Jen did you know the CDC changed the name? It's now considered a disease, thank god. It's SEID or ( systemic exertion intolerance disease ) yayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!! Where is progress at Jen? Is there any idea of a scheduled release date? Any new updates? It's been pretty quiet for a while now.. Jennifer, PS I hope you have time or have seen a movie from '99... MUMFORD... with CFS patient (Hope Davis) as character and produced by DISNEY. Wish they'd do a MUMFORD RETURNS. marcie myers Dear Jennifer, Hi! Just wondering how things are going with you and the project.... haven't seen anything since the Kickstarter project ended. Wishing you and us much good things. Marcie Butler Myers 4/13/2014 I am praying so hard for anything that can be done for people living with ME. also that you will get all the help you need because we all know just how hard it is to just get through a day, let alone a having any kind of life or taking on anything extra. I have had 25 years not only coping with ME but also the poverty that goes with it. I have lost everything the average person expects in their life. Job, career, opportunity, self esteem, social life, home, holidays, pride, ability to exercise, influence, choices..................I have had gains, humility, empathy, compassion, tolerance, but they dont pay the bills. So, on top of all that life becomes very stressful and you bounce from one challenge right into another and there is just no way you can escape the stresses that wipe you out each time they arrive. On top of all that to be perceived as one with nothing that much wrong is absolutely unacceptable. Before I can comment on changing the name... I was under the impression that I have had CFS, as I have lived with Fibromyalgia for over a decade. The rheumatologists always called CFS and Fibromyalgia the same thing.... Is it????? Please email me at <email> if you have the answer. I have recovered well over 90%, but do have the seasonal set-backs, and feel it for over a week, when I "over-do" things. Of course, my sense of having overdone something is vastly different than my home renovator/builder husband, and most others. Great interviews and videos with Al Jazeera, Jen and Omar--thank you for personally speaking up with your story about 'our collective severely LIMITED lives.' Yes, everthing we do 'do' IS a PUSH . . . yes, even brushing our teeth is 'wearing.' And, yes, we feel ILL all day every day; SUCH a devastation to have EVERY aspect of our lives stolen away from us because we had the rotten circumstance of landing this 'neglected' 'hidden' 'ignored' SERIOUS BIOLOGICAL disease of ME/CFS. Definite problems with the 'name'--regardless, WE so badly need a FIX to this horrid disease--AND we need a STOP to the spread of the disease--it IS spreading locally and globally! I know it is a big job in itself - but I am just wondering when folks might expect to receive their rewards? thanks Earl Hope that you are taking good care of yourself, Jen; your body will be really paying the price for that HUGE push with the funding project for Canary in a Coal Mine. Wishing you a very Merry Christmas and great things to come for the New Year 2014!! Goooo, Canaries, goooo!!! Hi Danette, you can message me at the Phoenix Rising CFS site. My name is the same there...Indy11. Thanks! Indy11, no I'm not on any sites. Which site are you on I can try to find you. I'm not that good with technology, so bare with me! Hope all is going well, and you have a good thanksgiving. Talk to you soon I hope. (: Danette, that would be great...ru on any of the CFS sites? I'll PM u there... Amazon is holding up my payment. Credit card is fine. I have already called them (I am in Australia!) So far I have wasted over an hour of my time. Hopefully the payment will go through. If I cannot get this sorted is there another option for payment?? Jennifer, thank you so much for doing this! I'm 28 years old and have been sick with ME for the past two years. It's difficult to impart how severely this illness affects your life. When I first became ill I was ambitious, independent and gearing up to go to graduate school. I now live with my parents and cannot do more than work at temporary, light-office jobs. And the worst part is that I only have a mild form of this illness; I cannot imagine how much worse it must be for those severely affected. In my case, I have seen natural improvement over the past two years and feel fairly confident that I will at some point be fully recovered. But I realize that I am lucky, and for too many people the possibility of a full recovery always seems to remain a dream for tomorrow or a destination perpetually moving beyond the horizon. I hope that this film becomes the first true voice for the voiceless millions across the globe who have been robbed of their lives by ME. Thank you for being brave and strong enough to stand up for those who are too sick to do so themselves, and for shining a light on the lives of "the disappeared" who have been forced to fall out of society by this illness. The world is vast, but individual people can change it with their efforts. I hope that this will be one of those times. In fact, I think it will. Go get 'em. Jen(and Omar), so excited for you in creating this revolution and happy to be a part of this amazing community. I was sobbing while watching your thank you video on my work PC- you are an inspiration to us all. Hugs, Alice Love the celebratory atmosphere of the virtual on-line Canary in a Coal Mine Wrap Weekend Party---sparkly candle and all!! Here we go!! Thanks SOOOOO much Jen, Kiran and also to our MANY supporters!!! Hi Indy11 I'd love to speak with you sometime about what you're going through as do I go through the same thing. Please try and get in touch with me somehow. Thanks so much! We all need someone who listens and cares! Just got up and looked at the site AGAIN! So excited and hopeful to see where this goes- to the moon I hope. I've been reading everyone's comments and honestly I cry. To read and hear those people go thru the same things I go thru is heartbreaking. I've lived with this "life robbing disease" for 5 yrs in December. To hear some people have lived with it for 20+yrs is daunting and scary to say the least. I choose to stay positive for as long as I can cause I'm sure I'll need it, I honestly from the bottom of my exhausted soul, think this is a GREAT way to get the ball rolling so to speak. To all you out there who are reading this- don't give up hope EVER!!!! This disease eats you up & spits you out and takes a lot of precious times and moments from you. The one thing it can NEVER take away from me is my attitude and who I am as a person. We WILL fight this disease, and start to take our lives back- even if it's piece by piece. Congratulations to all for everything, it's time to run with the ball!!!!! Xoxo Thank you, thank you for all you have done and accomplished for the ME community! You are truly an amazing person, Jen! Thank you for giving us a chance to tell our story and to be able to share with one another! Congratulations, Jen! What you've been able to accomplish is astounding. When I saw your article on my ABC News app about a week ago, I pulled my car over and cried. Maybe, just maybe, there will finally be some justice found for the people who suffer from the different nuances of this condition. Teresa, I read your message below and I didn't want to be a downer...but I think I feel something similar to you. I want to believe this movie will change things, and I really hope it does. After 15 years of having the crap beat out of me by the illness to then -- only to feel much better from a ridiculous amount of money and hard work, have the crap beat out of me financially and then emotionally by nearly every single person I know is beyond too much. I literally have to hide the fact that I deal with this at all to my new employer. I can't be truly authentic because this illness is still unpredictable and I have to buy myself carefully-explained absences, if needed. It's very twisted and hidden. I hate it. And I really hope this movie can catapult us in the right direction. I'm inspired that it has united this community. We are all so sick of being sick...and dismissed on top of it. Isn't just being sick enough? Is the shunning really necessary? Shouldn't we be lifted up by others at any given opportunity, instead of the opposite? Realistically though, there's infighting even within this community as people debate over the legitimacy treatments, doctors, if you got better then you never really had CFS/ME etc. We'll likely only ever get there working together and hopefully this campaign is only the beginning. I saw this on a magnet tonight and I think it sums this situation up about as well as anything can: "I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you." The $212,962 question is.......how do we explain it and get understood too?? Thanks again, Jen. You're my newest hero. Wow! I have been so involved following the funding progress, the updates and the comments. It has been for me a really uplifting experience, and helped me to feel part of a community of people who understand and support each other. Thank you so much Jen and Kiran. Jen please take care of yourself and rest up now! Can't wait for the film.....! Thank you for making this film. It means a lot to a lot of people, those with ME/CFS and those closest to them who have been family and friends who understand and want the world to see how difficult life with ME/CFS can be. I pledged my part in honour of my two good friends, Ricky and Alison, who have been deeply affected by ME/CFS for many years. But I am also thinking of each and every one of you who have been touched by ME/CFS when I made this pledge, too. Thank you Jennifer, for bringing your story to the screen. Please take care, and pace yourself (but you know that)! Thanks also to Kiran. You both did an excellent job on the trailer. I look forward to hearing more updates when you have them. Thank you so much for all of the hard work, dedication and bravery you are pouring into this project! It gives me hope that change is gonna come... :) Thrilled to be able to be a part of something with the potential to do so much for so many. Thank you for your vision... for your time and precious energy... and thank you for your courage. I am unable to express how much good it does my heart to know this will be a reality, and my hope and prayer is that strength, love and good health will be with you through every step of the journey. I want to be excited about this milestone but after 20+ years of hell on earth with this disease I have forgotten how to have hope. I want things to change for us but I can't break through this box of despair yet. Thank you for giving hope a try and please bring this ugly disease to everyone's attention, as I know you will! I want to feel hope again! I watched your online question/answer yesterday. What an uplifting experience with some fantastic ideas of how to present to the doctors what is really going on. More than that, giving us hope that this will draw even one caring researcher out of the woodwork that has a heart. Your husband and yourself speaking up about your how your relationship has been strengthened also left me with more peace of mind and not feeling like such a burden for my husband. And to find such a wonderful friend to actually take the time to film, oh how God is bestowing blessings through you for all of us! Dear Jen, You have managed to unite and excite the ME/CFS community. You've given us a reason to be hopeful again. I am so thrilled to support this project, and from the bottom of my heart thank you for all your hard work and courage! Your story has really touched me, and I empathize with your struggles. In Feb. it will be 7 years since I got sick at age 23, and I too know how it feels to just not be able to accept that you will never recover. All the best, and congratulations on meeting and exceeding the 200k goal!! Congratulations! So amazing to see what this fantastic community can do. Hi Jen. I had tears in my eyes and a big smile on my face when I watched your video telling us all that the financial goal had been reached, but most of all I felt tremendous waves of love toward you and our community. Having become ill during my first term at Oxford only to push on and push on until I could push no more, I have spent the past twenty years trying many different treatments to try and recover from what has been a severe form of the illness. Slowly I am finally finding treatments that are helping and I hope that gives inspiration to others. I've never felt as compelled to be a part of something as I do with your project, Jen. You are a remarkable woman with a truly winning smile and I thank you deeply for what you have and continue to set in motion. I send happiness and a good few more waves of love your way and to others in this community. Clare.x Twenty-twenty-twenty-four hour to go... ! Anyone else have the Ramones in their head? That was fun! 'It takes two to speak truth - one to speak, and another to hear' Henry David Thoreau This amazing project will be the voice of truth that will speak for so many of us. But as equally powerful, you are acting as the listener for us too, the project is proof that our voices are being both heard and validated, that we are speaking the truth - so much more important than many can ever comprehend. All we really need is to be believed. I have lived with M.E. For 20 years and I can't tell you how incredibly grateful I am to you! In the past few years, projects like this and websites such as The Hummingbirds' Foundation and The Nightingale Research Foundation have been a beacon of light, giving me great hope for our future. Congratulations, you're simply amazing!!! Just woke up to $200,895.00 and I burst into laughter and tears. I viewed your update Jen and cried again. I cant wait for this afternoon so we can all hang out together and CELEBRATE! I knew we could do it because we are all winner's and I am giving a big shout out to God for standing by us. ((((BIG HUGS FOR YOU JEN))))) congratulation on hitting the target, now let aim for 220k (20k for kickstater and other fee) so we can have the real 200k $200,500+ with 36 hours to go. I think everyone who has played a part however large or small should feel proud. But Jennifer and co deserve all our gratitude. Fantastic achievement ! Woo Hoo, we did it! If I could jump for joy right now I would be leqping up past the tree tops on an imaginary trampoline! This is going ro be huge I can feel it! WOW!! It is so amazing to me that literally in the past 27 hours or so we have raised around $23,000. That is really showing passion and strength and courage and a remarkable "we can get this done" attitude. Amazing...Amazing. Let's celebrate this achievement and applaud Jen, Kiran and Omar for creating the context for us to shine. Having said this there are so many of us out there who cannot communicate on FB or phones...they live in darkness and obscurity. Let's do more for all our brothers and sisters who are unable to do for themselves, who are unaware of this project, who live in constant pain, suffering and loneliness. Let's see how far we can take this over the next day and 1/2. Oh my God. I just logged on and saw that the pledges passed $200,000!!! I am totally crying. Which might be weird, because it's not my movie. But I have been sick for eleven years and I cannot count the hours I have lain in the dark and silence and this film feels so important, and already I am so grateful for what you have done with your preview, Jen and team, because that alone raised such awareness among family friends who until now just did not get it. So many of them donated and learned about ME and saw my reality for what it is... all at the same time. Triple win. Blessings upon all your heads, Canaries, and thanks for the terrific Huffington Post piece. What you said about the missing narrative was spot on. You nailed it. I can't wait for the narrative you are going to give us. And please rest. Oh my God, please rest that formidable brain of yours--in between lots of (virtual) jumping around for joy of course!!! Thank you. Congratulations and thankyou Just woke up to the $200,000 mark, a very nice day this is. I had no doubt that you would and we would make it. I am so happy for you, Kiran, Omar and those around you; and so happy for all of us that have helped in small or big ways and followed this through. x Amazing to see this break the £200,000 mark! Been keeping an eye on it all day. This is the first KickStarter I've ever backed and I can wait to follow the journey over the coming year. Having had CFS for just under 10 years now I've found this possibly one of the most important pieces of outreach about the illness I've seen. Good luck for the last 37hrs! Have increased my pledge too - we are so very close to the full $200,000 now, I know we as a community can do it. Very uplifted to see how much everyone in the CFS/ME community has got behind this project. We're all so very tired of being invisible. So wonderful to see this film getting the support it deserves. Great work all of you! OMG - while I was typing my comment Canary in a Coal Mine made it to the $200,000 mark! Yay, yay, yay and yay! I am so happy and proud of you for telling this story. This will change everything! Great work! ;-) Danielle and Indy...oh, you are so right! I am fortunate I still have my dear 81y.o mother to take care of me, bless her. I should be caring for HER and the guilt is tough for me. After 15yrs I have no-one else left except my kitty. Sadly her distinct lack of thumbs (amongst other things) puts her out of the carer stakes. Last month was assessed for a Nursing Home (yikes). Of course, they said I was too young for "high-care", and couldn't meet my low sensory/no chemical/no fragrance needs, so hope to try to get some other plan organised to stay in my own home when my mother is too old to keep doing everything for me (or I might recover of course). I think the stigma of being unable to produce energy on demand means we can become the 'lepers' of our age. Those beneath contempt for the normal active exercise focused world, oblivious to any illness that could possibly defy the wisdom of a good work-out or a run. I'm lucky to be vertical at all, never mind actually move at the same time. M.E. is not a 'sexy' disability. We can't go in the Paralympics unless maybe long distance sleeping or maybe meditation becomes de riguer, and so no-one sees our courage. No-one puts our pictures on motivational posters... of course they darn well should! We are amazing, strong, patient, brave, adaptable, positive, motivated, indomitable people. WE WILL RISE! Our time is coming... thanks to this film and all this support. I just upped my pledge again. Hugs to Jen, Kiran Omar and fellow canaries everywhere :) Not long now, our goal is in sight. xxx Btw when it was 5008 to go I added the 8...and then the total was 5015 to go so then I added the 15 thnking i had made a mistake and the total went down again. Ugh...wanted 95, 000. I need to go to sleep. Just telling u Jen. Every time I read a comment that talks about the isolation, disbelief and disregard that goes along with this illness, I say, "Yes! Me too!" I've been dealing with this condition for at least 15 years and I still never cease to be amazed at just how horrifically we are treated. A year and a half ago, a friend of mine with this condition committed suicide. I thought that telling people (friends, family, contacts) about him would elicit some kind of sympathy for how horrific it is to deal with this.......finally. Nope. Even my own parents (I don't talk to any of the rest of my family after 15 years of zero support) have listened to me cry for hours and hours and hours on end and do not comprehend the disregard and invalidation. They know my only sibling has NEVER asked how I'm doing (let alone offer support) in 15 years and still, that does not resonate with them. They've watched how much I've suffered physically when they used to have to do 100% of my grocery shopping for years on end...and still really no comprehension. They believe I have a serious health issue...just do not take in how severe it affects EVERY aspect of my life. Of all of our lives. It would be interesting to reveal the long term effects of having a condition like this. I find that after this long, I have virtually NO ONE in my life to count on. I wasn't married with this started at 29 years old, and since then every single guy has dumped me citing some reason around being sick. My family pays no attention. My parents are elderly and semi-rapidly declining (they now need me) and my lifelong friends have too all "abandoned" me. And now I’m careful what I share with anyone, which means I don’t have a close connection with a single soul…and I don’t have anyone to call when something good or bad happens in my life. My story may be a little different though. I started seeing a doctor well-versed in dealing with these conditions month 2 into being sick. For the next 10 years, my health went up and down -- at times I was well enough to earn an income at the level of buying my own home. But, inevitably, the bottom would fall out again...and then so would my finances – with absolutely nowhere to turn to keep what I had been able to earn for myself. We (parents and I) were always trying to financially support my $1200-1500/month out-of-pocket medical treatments. Then, about 2 years ago, I started a treatment that has turned my health around. While still slightly limited (such as when traveling) and needing to have control over my daily schedule, I usually do not have symptoms anymore. And I was once severe enough to be homebound. So…great! After 15 years of enormous amounts of physical suffering, no symptoms should mean my life is great now, right? Well, I have found personally, that being sick so long has driven away everyone but my parents. As horrifically suicidally awful as being constantly sick is...this segregation and disregard *might* even be worse. I am tortured every day by the lack of support. Emotional or otherwise. And sometimes, people are just downright cruel. Just this week, someone said they have warned all of my friends about my asking for money and that I'm a user. People sometimes turn to their friends when they have no family to help. And they turn to churches and government agencies...all of which have limits and will stop helping you at some point. Even if all you need is bridge to get by until you get better and back to work – a bridge you’ll even pay back. And well, this illness has no limits to how much it will devastate...so the two do not work together. And we suffer more as a result. Then, once you’re in poverty, it’s impossible to treat this condition adequately. Without a miracle. The treatments are just too expensive. I hope you find the audience who will listen to the amazing story I’m sure you’ll put together. I truly don't know what it will take to turn the hearts of people so that they care about this issue. As a never-say-die-fighter-type, I have personally tried for 15 solid years, to no avail. People respect what I have to say less than they did when this started...and I've even more-or-less gotten it managed to where I can work 7 days a week outside the home. I filled a credit card to support this documentary...that's how strongly I feel something HAS to be done. We live like animals and it appears that no one (except us a few select others) cares. Maybe, finally, this documentary will give us a voice. It’s a very tall order and thank you for your efforts. Yes...well said Danielle... Great idea Penelope! CANADA! Well said Danielle! I wonder how many different countries this represents? Australia here PS 2334 BACKERS AND $5008 TO GO. IF EVERYONE INCREASES THEIR PLEDGE BY $2.15, WE'RE THERE! Jen and Kiran, You have given so much hope to this community. I have been simply brimming with optimism and awe at your masterful and innovative command of social media. I look forward to your updates with thrilled anticipation and delight! After over a decade and a half of this ghastly disease I feel we are finally reaching a Tipping Point. Our experts are banding together. Patients like you are leveraging the media and your brilliance. I have no doubt that we will meet $200K! Just $5328 left to go and I have gladly increased my pledge a few times. There is however some important validation to consider even if we don't meet the 6500+ backers. For a disease that is so complex and invisible, most ME patients have lost their support systems. Exercise intolerance provokes not only confusion, but societal outrage because it is so entrenched in our society as a virtue, even an imperative. In other words, ME patients are not just seen as malingerers. We are seen as stupid, lazy, defiant malingerers. I am deeply fortunate to have a supremely supportive spouse and children, however I, too have lost lifelong friends to disbelief and disdain. I feel tremendous empathy for patients and their loved ones, even the ones who have deserted and abused desperately ill patients. This disease cuts a wide swath and is so counter intuitive and perplexing that it's no wonder that we exist in a sea of disbelief, particularly when this disbelief and sanction is reinforced by conflation of ME and idiopathic fatigue; pseudo-science, tradition, and we've-always-done-it-that-way'ness. All this to say that I think it's a massive, massive achievement that we will have reached the $200k without - WITHOUT - the most of our support of loved-ones. What you see in the jawdropping pledge total is the result of isolated, often poverty-struck patients digging deep because they are desperate, severely ill, and because finally, finally, they see a beacon of tangible hope. If we don't make it, not reaching 6500+ backers is no cause for shame. The relatively low number is simply testament to the reality of the severe isolation this disease metes out. Hopefully in 5 years, similar fundraising efforts will be met with overwhelming support by loved-ones, and there might be some healing for patients and abandoners alike. Your documentary is sure to help us on that path. Thank you. And please take care of yourself. Your project has the benefit of visibility and momentum now. You've probably covered all the bases but just in case: maybe you can delegate more, and of course pace judiciously to protect your health? A FAMOUS QUOTE THAT FITS US WELL. “The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.” ― Rensis Likert JEN, I DO BELIEVE WE MADE IT! ONLY $7459.00 LEFT TO GO AND I KNOW WE CAN DO THAT AMOUNT IN 51 HOURS. YIPPEE SKIPPY!!! LET THE FUN BEGIN. SO EXCITED. And gave another shout out on my blog and Facebook. :) ElizabethMilo.com I just added to my pledge. We can do this! Have just added to my pledge :) This project means so much to me, it has renewed my hope and hope is everything for us. Godspeed for the home stretch. Grateful hugs to Jen, Kiran and Omar. Hi Jen, Just increased my pledge by $25.00. Great Idea. ((((Bigs Hugs)))) So did I! Hi Jen and Kiran, I just increased my pledge. Xoxo It is so difficult to live with something that nobody around me seems to understand and with very few accepting the severity of an illness with a name no better than Chronic Fatigue. Thank you so much for finding this platform and telling our story. Jennifer, you are so great, so inspiring and so brave. Thank you so much for doing this documentary! This is our time. I hope that this documentary can raise awareness. I can understand your motivation to do something. cause i can understand that you are refusing to accept to live with this devastating illness your whole life. i for myself cannot accept this. take care of you and hopefully we reach the $200.000 and you and your supporters are able to do the film you are wishing to do. so fare, what you have done, is really impressive. thank you jen!!! Sincerly Lilly from Germany Backers...Add to your pledge. If all the backers added an average of $10 to their pledge we would reach our goal. We have almost 3 days ... there will be more backers...so we don't need even that average. So add what you can. Is this a success already ... YES. Having said this is reaching our goal important... YES. We have to make statements whenever and wherever we can. So lets show our resilience...our ability to get things done...lets finish what we started with a flurry...lets make a statement. Hi Jennifer and company! i think what you're doing is fantastic. I write a blog (well, my alter-ego does!) on blogger and strangely i called it 20th century canary because the imagery of us being Canaries in a Coalmine occurred to me too - honestly!! i didn't plagiarise! 'haven't written much last few weeks due to lack of spoons and life getting in the way, but please do go and have a look if you get a chance, many of the blogs are about life with fibro or ME, although there's plenty of political rants and general rubbish as well! well done you, this could be the biggest thing to happen to inform the world about ME! This user's account has been deleted. I've added my last Gold Nuggets... SUCH an important cause to donate to!! Thank you again, Jennifer and team. Just an idea--with permission from our nearest and dearest--we can also donate on their behalf. Great Sarah....a Backers movement is afoot.... Great idea Robert. I have just doubled my pledge to $10. Anyone want to join me? I was just wondering. We are getting so close. I know we have Thunderclap coming up in a few hours and then Stephen Fry's Twitter and maybe some other tricks up your sleeve. There are 2,100 backers. Would it be inappropriate at ask the backers to add $1 - $10 to their pledge amount. If a backer feels like giving more that would be great. I look at it this way...even if you got 500 people to give an an average $5 dollars more that would be $2,500. Maybe this is not appropriate or tacky or whatever. Let me be the first to add to me pledge. It's been so uplifting to see the support come in. Thank you Jen, Kiran and ALL those behind the scenes enabling you to do this. Don't push too hard Jen! Prayers are with you. United we stand, even with orthostatic intolerance! Dear Bobby and Tito: Thank you for the kind words about the film project and for your generosity. I'm sorry to hear that you had difficulty with donation process. After you select a reward (including "no reward"), it is necessary to click a "Continue to Next Step" button on the bottom of the screen. It should appear automatically but it can also be found by scrolling down the long list of rewards. To see donation process from end-to-end, I recommend this one minute video from Kickstarter: <url>#BackAProj With gratitude, Omar (Jen's husband) Go girl! I cant wait for the finished product. I have suffered from this stupid ilness for 20 long years and feel so frustrated by the attitudes I have come across over the years. From both the medical proffession and the general public. The medical proffession as a whole has been stuck in the 1940's and 50's when it comes to M.E CFS and hasnt moved forward since then. Its about time some one kicked the system into motion, so go girl, we need you! I live in the UK, I really hope I can access your finished film from here. Thank you so much! Sarah x This is a very, very good cause but trying to donate is very frustrating. I was unable to do so. After I typed in $200.00 and checked "no reward" nothing happened. There was no "second page" to go to or any indication as to how to get to one. I want to charge my donation on my credit card but there is no avenue to select a card type and add the card number. San Francisco Thank-you SO much, Jen, (and of course your partners) for your incredible efforts in creating this film. You must surely realize now that this documentary is an unbelievably important gift to all of us who have suffered through M.E.. We are all still fighting to survive, so do not have the strength to take on a project of this scale, or to tackle in any large way the problem of misunderstanding & mistreatment of M.E.. You have suddenly appeared in our lives and done this amazing thing for all of us. I for one am eternally grateful for you and your generosity and commitment. Living on a fixed income, I didn't think I could contribute financially, but the momentum is so contagious & so joyful that I decided I could manage it. As I skimmed through the donation options, I came upon the "DVD" choice, & started to cry. It was an immediate gut reaction of gratitude for the fact (indeed, even the possibility !) that, after all the years of deeply hurtful disbelief & dismissal, I might finally hold in my hand a DVD, a film, a concrete piece of "proof of life with M.E.", an illustration of our silent suffering, which the medical community and the public at large will not be able to ignore. I was so overcome with tears of gratitude that I had to leave the site and go back the next day to donate. I just want you to know the incredible importance of this film and the visceral response it evoked in me, as someone who has had to cope with M.E. for over 24 years. (It knocked me down when I was a happy, vital, successful 30-year-old.) It has been Hell, but your film makes it worth the wait. Thank-you so much again, and please do take care of your own health. With much love, from Ottawa, Canada. M.E. may have dipped our primrose wings in lead and silenced our song, but widespread ignorance, denial, stigma and politics have become our iron cages. With this wonderful film as a catalyst and Jen and Kiran's incredible determination, hard work and bravery, our liberation becomes possible. One day, we will fly again. With deepest gratitude, Kaye (a horizontal canary in Melbourne Aust, severe M.E. since 1998) I've been sick since 1996. Watching your video was really a very thrilling experience. So thankful to you for doing this. If the finished product is anything like the trailer, it has got to be a big hit! Also @Gina Livingston, what an amazing offer for you to make! I hope they take you up on it. :) Few loads are heavy if everyone lifts together. :) As a 9 year patient of ME I am extremely excited about your film. I wish I could donate more than the $65, but being unable to work makes it difficult to donate as much as I would like. I have gotten family and friends to donate also, as I really want to raise awareness for this project because this project will raise awareness for all of us. Crossing my fingers that you make the $200k goal to get it inot theaters. I am already planning to attend it in a theater with as many friends and family as I can bring along. Bless you for taking on such a project with this condition. I am lucky to just get out of bed most days, and I could not even imagine taking on such a venture. More power to you! Much love. Hi Jen, What you are doing is truly inspirational. Your trailers etc are all so..'grabbing'. You make the story so profoundly interesting. A word to the wise tho', I've had this since '05 and know how a big job can completely wipe you out. Without you, there is no story. Maybe you've already learned pacing but seeing you on the floor, while heartbreaking on a personal level, is a little scary for the project. I once tore down my bathroom to renovate and ended up with a torn up bathroom for years before I could pay to get the job done. I once flew to Europe and spent a year recovering. We've all got these stories. Please take care of yourself. Release in 2116 if you have to. Best, Rio Jen, I'd like to contribute my "original music/songs" for the film soundtrack! It would be great to be able to help out the project creatively as well~ Jen, I admire your strength, your creation of this wonderful project you're doing for "all" of us around the globe, who are very sick, and for our loved ones, family & friends who support us and endure the daily up's and down's, that this illness does to us, but also we share our hopes and dreams for a better tomorrow, when we can finally embrace effective treatment and possibly a cure. Thank You!!!! Thanks Just checking in again Jen. I hope you are doing well today. Hang in there and rest as much as you can! Once again Jen....thank you and your team for taking on this huge endeavor. Its amazing what can be done when caregivers, family members, patients, and the community pull together. We are so close.... all we need to do is raise 4700.00 each day for the next 16 days and BANG we will have made our goal. I have all the faith in this community that we will get to 200,000.00 by November 22, 2013. I have had M.E. for 20 years and had little hope until I was introduced to "Canary in a Coal Mine. You have made me feel alive again, and I feel there will be future for me and everyone else who suffers from this devastating disease. Thank you all and Thank You God! Well, coming up to $125,000. I am such a numbers cruncher. It is remarkable how this effort keeps on bringing in around $5,000 a day. There are moments I think "Oh No....the momentum is fading"...then Boom...an $8,000 day and back on track again. We got "legs". Very professional approach...which is what is desperately needed. Nothing more to say but great work and I will continue to do my part. Seeing $124,000+ has me in tears. I can't even imagine what you're feeling. I'm SO proud of this community and the caregivers, friends and family... Maybe one day I will really be able to leave this bed for good. Thank you, Jennifer. Wow! I can't remember the last time I was THIS excited about anything! I was SO jazzed after viewing this I couldn't sleep (even more than usual!) I am SO grateful to you Jennifer, and to everyone involved who is taking this much needed assignment on. I have been sick with M.E. since I was 17...20 very long years. I REALLY believe in this project and am spreading the word. I am personally praying for your health Jennifer and for the success of this project. Major kudos to your hubby for being such a strong support system for you and this cause. Ashes for Beauty...Stacy I Tweeted the from the Tweet this information to Dr. Gupta, AC360 and Elizabeth Cohen who does health segments all of CNN. Maybe others can choose your favorite news media personalities and tweet them to do a segment about Canary in a Coal Mine kickstarter. I tripped across your documentary on youtube and watched all the videos and it was very well done. This is my first kickstarter I have backed and although I don't have much money to spare I made certain I passed it on to my friends and family and I contacted CNN AC360. I hope they contact you and do a segment on the program. I really want this project backed as I have ME/CFS and Fibromyalgia. I am so grateful to you for taking on this project. I can appreciate the sacrifice (mentally & physically) you are making to get this done for the sake if all of us who suffer from this debilitating illness. I applaud your courage to be on film, because since i have gotten sick (2002), i have avoided cameras at all costs lol. I am ashamed & embarrassed at my physical appearance because of the toll the illness has taken on my body. I am grateful to my caregivers, my husband & my mother, who lovingly & without question care for me, support me (physically & emotionally), & are loving me through this debilitating illness. I loathe the thought that this is a chronic illness that will most likely be with me for the remainder of my days, but i have come to accept this reality. I am just grateful to you for doing what i am physically unable to do-- show the world that we are NOT crazy. That this is just NOT all in our heads. And that we are NOT liars or lazy. We are SICK! Thank you from the bottom of my heart! Allison M. Swiftwater, PA Ill since 2002 Like so many others here, I have CFS. I think this is a vital project for those of us who suffer from this disease. One of the worst aspects of this is that it is so isolating. We spend so much of our time in bed and away from friends and relatives. Few seem to understand what our lives are like. I think this film will go a long way to educate the general population. I plan on spreading the word about this far and wide. I have a blog where I write about my experiences with CFS (<url>— Jen's hubby, Omar I'd love to get this video in the churches around my community, but I'm worried that the F-bomb will turn people away. Congratulations. This project is the "Crowd-Funded Project of the week" at AboutProjectManagement.com. Direct link: <url>"Human beings' ability to abstract is what enables them to drop bombs. So we need to personalize this, we need to put faces to this disease. I will help you. I will keep telling my story until we knock down the walls of denial and ignorance. I may not be able to stand up and teach in a classroom anymore, but I can write. Namaste. YOU GO, GIRLS!!!! Even if you're doing it lying down (as many things are...tee-hee).... you tell the world that we're not gonna JUST lie here and take it any more!!!! I am ecstatic over the response..... I've had ME/CFS since '94 and life as I knew it ended in '99. It's impossible "publicly" to reconcile the one person being two, as when you're able to sit up and look good and smile pretty versus the other person that can't even raise her head up properly.... which has led to much misconception for so many of us in our own personal lives. I went to my HS reunion recently and arrived hours late but, having gotten there, I gave it EVERYTHING I had for those few hours which (sadly/madly) led to an old friend of mine asking my Mom what kind of drugs was I on (since I am purportedly so sick). What am I to say? They don't see me for the days and weeks and months that I am at my house without food nor comfort from another human nor would I really choose that. Just as you are able, for exquisite but short bursts of time, to be that beautiful human being sitting up on the couch while pitching your Canary in a Coal Mine which, as we can all see, was met with an immediate awesomely unbelievable response. My "date" to the HS reunion was Deanne Hildebrandt who is currently receiving both chemo and radiation for pancreatic CA. And as sick as she is, there are pics where she has "scooped" me up in her arms and is spinning us around and around on the dance floor while I scream with laughter, remembering how our PE teacher used to make the very short me "guard" to the very tall Deanne on the basketball court simply for the sake of the comedic moment. What drugs were we on? Shiiiiiit! Generically, it's called the power of the human spirit and for that brief moment in time we were goddesses: invulnerable, powerful, timeless, tireless. I haven't spoken with Deanne since that night. I'm back to that other me. The invisible one. May the force be with you..... make me visible again and return me my powers. But you must hurry as time for me grows short. Gratefully, Marcie Butler Myers, <email>. Today I donated in honor of Karina Hansen's upcoming birthday. For those reading who do not know, Karina Hansen is a young woman in Denmark suffering both from ME and from forced treatment that could be very harmful to her. I am grateful for this documentary and the hope it brings that soon many will know what ME really is. I am SO excited about this film, and so glad you are doing this. We'll be cheering you on - let us know what you need from the UK. To Jennifer Brea: You are a hero. To everyone helping her making this project come to life: Yes, you too. Just the trailer itself already gives such a great vibe. You perfectly balance between 'okay, this is what's going on world, we need change' and 'we're people too. we have goals and dreams and families'. I LOVE that. I wish you all the luck making this film. And thank you, thank you so much! This community desperately needs visibility. Thank you for your continued hard work and I wish you the best! This film is SO needed. My hope would be that ALL medical professionals employed in the care of chronically ill patients will get to view this and maybe learn a little understanding of how it is to live with such a chronic debilitating illness. Well done for taking such a leap of faith - I hope that your enormous efforts will make a massive impact. Thank you so much from Australia. God Bless your efforts and may it be a major step in bringing understanding and change to the landscape of research and health care globally. When it's ready how will you notify us when we can download it? Have chosen that with my donation! Excited! So excited about this! I've donated, shared, and talked about this to everyone! Gives me hope and that says a lot. Years ago when I was a wee bit stronger I fantasized about doing something like this. I am so grateful that you've been able to create this film. I've been ill with M.E. since 1985. Thank you ~ Great project. Thanks for doing this! It's great to see toxicity featured in the film (and implied in the title), as it helps people have an "aha" about how it can be that some people are so ill/felled by infections while others are not, and how it's not really our fault as much of it is genetic, and how our experiences might be a message to the rest of the world about what could be coming. Detoxification has really been the cornerstone of my recovery to date, particularly biotoxin/mold toxin detox and avoidance (the avoidance is necessary for the body to start agreeing to truly detox, and the amount of toxins that comes out has been astounding). It's been incredible to see problems I didn't know I had get resolved through detox (depth perception, balance, vision, etc.). Wow the clip I've seen so far looks amazing, you are an inspiration & can't thank you enough for trying to get this made despite your own limitations! U may just change the lives of millions by giving them a voice, I thank you from the bottom of my heart! X Thank you so much for giving a voice to all those suffering with this devastating illness and joining me for an interview to share your story. Inspiring to see this and wish you the best of luck! Our donation is in honor of Henry and Iris who love you guys! Dana & Oliver Thank you so much for getting this information out there. As a fellow ME person, I know how hard it is to even do the day-to-day things. This undertaking is monumental and I applaud you greatly.