THIS POWER IS YOURS! www.StowerEnergy.com The Candle Charger by Stower is the first indoor power plant for smartphones. Candle + water = essential USB power for your home during grid outages and blackouts. Stay charged...no matter what. Stay connected to family and friends Ultra dependable 2.5W USB power source - indoors or out Six hours per candle - fully charge 2 smartphones New, personal energy design for ready storage and use. TIME - "Should be in your emergency kit" News Ledge - "Its a damn cool product" FastCo - "A product everyone should have in their homes" When power outages hit, staying connected to family, friends, and emergency services is critical. But how to keep charged? Batteries store power - they don't make it We love solar, but it doesn't work at night or indoors Hand cranks produce minimal power. 10 hours cranking to charge a phone? That's tough. We want a reliable solution, and the Candle Charger is the first indoor generator designed to charge smartphones and keep them charged. The Candle Charger is a safe, miniature power plant that provides on-demand electricity when the grid can't. It's power we control, anywhere we need it - indoors or out, day or night, grid or no grid. We also offer the Candle Charger in the Stower P.O.P. Kit! P.O.P = Power Outage Prepared, a necessary update for home readiness. Thanks to our amazing community of Kickstarter supporters (thank you! thank you! thank you!), we raised enough money to manufacture and ship our first product, the FlameStower - its now for sale across the US and Canada. The FlameStower is portable power for campers. Based on your invaluable feedback and our own experiences we needed to design a power generator - elegant and simple - to work inside the home during blackouts. The Candle Charger fits in existing emergency kits and works readily with common household items: candles and water. With your help, we want to make the Candle Charger a reality and modernize power outage readiness. We hope you'll join us and Get Charged! The Candle Charger uses the heat energy from candles to generate electricity. Opening the handle Locking into place Bonus! The Candle Charger also quickly boils and sterilizes water, which you can reuse for cooking or making a cup of something nice before the grid returns. We recommend tea, Earl Grey, hot. $125 - P.O.P KIT - UNLOCKED! Most emergency kits are overkill and don't really offer much for the usual 2-3 day power outage. So we built a better one! For the first time ever, we're excited to introduce the P.O.P Kit by Stower! P.O.P = Power Outage Prepared! The P.O.P Kit includes everything needed to operate the Candle Charger and more: A Candle Charger and two 6-hr Stower Candles for charging and boiling water Matches and emergency water pouches Long-burning candles and USB rechargeable flashlights A kickass multitool and basic first aid kit to take care of business Some hand wipes to keep it clean. $99 - BUY ONE, GIVE ONE - UNLOCKED! Stower works with our partner Grupo EBIS in Guatemala to integrate Candle Charger technology into clean, efficient cookstoves - an amazing collaboration for personal, reliable energy! Guatemala Ecoestufas and Prototypes You reserve a Candle Charger at retail price and we'll install one of our chargers into a clean cookstove for a family in Guatemala. Buy one, give one - excited to try this exclusively on Kickstarter and see what we can do! Stower is a leader in personal energy product engineering and design. Together with our manufacturing partner PCH, Stower makes smart, reliable energy products that 1) do their job and 2) do it well. The Candle Charger contains two core pieces of technology: A thermoelectric module, also known as a Peltier cooler. Thermoelectric modules are semiconductor devices that convert temperature gradients – one side hot, one side cold – into electricity. The Candle Charger uses nontoxic bismuth telluride-based modules, which have been in mass production for over twenty years for scientific, refrigeration, and automotive industries. The Stower smart circuit that conditions the power coming from the module to match power requirements of the device being charged (e.g. a smartphone). What makes the Candle Charger an important innovation is the conversion efficiency of the device, its electrical strategy, and the focus on design for indoor use. Conversion Efficiency The Candle Charger achieves class-leading power output from thermoelectric modules, providing reliable USB power over extended periods of operation. We do this through a combination of patented mechanical engineering steps to optimize heat transfer from the candle, to the thermoelectric module, and into the water bath; careful control over thermal interfaces; and spatial design to position the Candle Charger relative to a heat source (i.e. the candle). Electrical Strategy To increase cost savings and overall efficiency, Stower directly charges your electronic devices rather than charge an intermediate battery. We’re able to do this through circuitry developed exclusively for Stower products that continually monitors the power output from the thermoelectric generator, boosts the voltage to USB standard 5V, conditions the power from the generator so it matches internal charging requirements of smartphones, switching between “bands” of acceptable current levels and gradually dropping the voltage so phones don’t drop the charge, provides LED indicator sequences to clearly show power availability – a flashing light means power is available, while a stead light means steady power is achieved and the power output is “iPhone ready.” Designed for Indoor Use We began with energy - the candle - and built the Candle Charger from there. The Candle Charger is sturdy enough to work outdoors, but its sleek design fits in with other beautiful shelf items for in-home storage and use. The handle and locking mechanism are necessary features that provide safe interface with the water bath during operation and collapsability for anywhere storage. The all-aluminum exterior - designed for maximum thermal efficiency - lends a modern look while being durable enough to take outdoors. Stower's been a hard charging machine since our birth in 2012. Stower is led by Andy, Adam, and Jason. Andy and Adam met in grad school studying materials science. Both were obsessed with solar technologies and nanomaterials - so much so that Adam once illicitly snuck Andy into the campus nanofab, bunny suits and all, to help characterize sapphire wafers. STOWER GONE WILD! We're also lucky enough to work with some extremely talented advisors and partners that help make Stower a reality, including: Dr. Reza Kassayan - our world-class electrical engineer and advisor PCH - our supply chain, design, and manufacturing partners REI, Sportsman's Warehouse, FGL Sports in Canada, and other retail partners who've helped deliver our first product nationwide. Stanford, StartX, and Orange Fab - hundreds of folks who support and help us make new energy innovations. Stower builds energy products for individuals, making it easier and more efficient to generate and control our own electricity. Smartphones are amazing machines: Stower chargers keep these powered when the grid can't. With this technology, Stower is also introducing electricity to thousands of homes in emerging markets. To learn more about our work with clean cookstoves, you can visit the Patents for Humanity website. Thank you for visiting our page and checking out what we're up to! Before you leave, please check out our website for more information on us and be sure to pass on the news that now we all have control of our power - with the Candle Charger! Hi Stower Country! We're getting a lot of emails now that we've started shipping the Candle Charger. Thanks so much for the great feedback and excitement about what we've built! We're excited about the level of quality of our first build. For those who have yet to receive your rewards, thank you so much for your patience as we work through our logistics process. We're starting to ship rewards to international backers in the coming days, and working through the final shipments to US and Canadian locations. Let us know if you have any questions. Charge on, Team Stower CANDLE CHARGERS ARE IN PORT Howdy Stower Country! Just got off the phone with our shipping folks, and we have confirmation that Candle Chargers have arrived! Waiting to get through customs, but they should be in our warehouse and starting to ship out to you all tomorrow, next Monday at the latest. If you have not yet filled out your shipping information, please do so now so we're sure to get you your reward! Thank you all once again for your support and patience. With your help we've made something new and amazing in the Candle Charger - excited to get you all powered up and to bring new energy to the world! Excited to announce that your Candle Chargers are boxed, loaded, and ready to set sail to Stower HQ! They look great, work great, even exceed FDA regulations for safe cookware - so get ready to charge up and boil-on indoors, outdoors, any time. Thank you all so much for your support, ideas, and patience over the last few months as we've brought the Candle Charger to life. Manufacturing can be tough stuff, and we couldn't have done it without our amazing project managers Antoine and Steve. THANK YOU, STOWER COUNTRY! By now, you should have received our backer survey asking for shipping information. Please be sure to fill this out accurately and in English so we can be sure to get your rewards out on time and get you charged up ASAP. Complete the form (most of you have), and definitely let us know i you have any questions or ideas in the meantime. And it looks like smooth sailing, so we should get you your Candle Chargers in a few weeks! Introducing SUGA - yoga mats made from recycled wetsuits Our really good friends at SUGA recently launched their kickstarter campaign for their new yoga mats made from 100% recycled wetsuits . Amazing product, and an amazing team - they even let the Stower grew crash on their couch when we have to brave the wilds of San Diego. Definitely worth a look:) Howdy Stower Country! No easy way to say it - you guys RULE! And to say thanks, we're offering you all a discount on the FlameStower Fire Charger - use the code "dec15" on our website before the holidays and get 10% off and free domestic shipping. Hot stuff! Now, why exactly do you rule so much? Turns out, with the help of our Kickstarter backers, the Candle Charger was recently named one of the Top 100 Innovations of 2015 in December's Popular Science! Excitement for the Candle Charger is heating up - thanks again for all your support, and definitely take advantage of our discount to get charged with the FlameStower this holiday season. Manufacturing Update We're starting the build of our Kickstarter units now, and everything is still on schedule to ship the units out by the end of December. We'll send out our address survey soon, and we should be getting you Candle Chargin' early in 2016! Charge on, Team Stower Hello, Stower Country! This just in... Our first batch of pre-production Candle Chargers! We only have a dozen or so, and we're gonna spend the next week trying our best to break them to pieces then bring our final revisions to the manufacturer to be sure we make the strongest product possible. Again, we built this in part to keep our grandparents charged during outages, so its gotta be simple, useful, and strong. On it. COMING WEEKS A lot is happening now, and in the coming weeks we'll need your help to start getting these kickstarter units shipped toward the end of December. In a few weeks you'll get a survey from us asking for your shipping address. Please respond to that survey with your current shipping address, IN ENGLISH. After that, it'll be a few more weeks until we start shipping. Rather than compete with holiday shipments, we're going to start shipping afterward. We'd love to hear from you, so feel free to send us your questions and comments. Big thanks, happy holidays, and Keep Building! Team Stower Ahoy, Stower Country! We've been on a bit of a whirlwind since our last update: Went to Austin, TX to talk to folks about the Candle Charger and reliable energy at SXSW, Made some new friends from China, Kenya and Zimbabwe to help bring our products to new international markets next year. Zimbabwe! Andy's car just kind of died on the side of the highway last week (he gave this interview from the side of the road) so he's been hitchhiking to work...in San Francisco...meeting really weird, amazing people. Like lead singer of a Michael Jackson cover band weird. Awesome. Just another month in the life of a young hardware company...oh yeah, AND WE'RE MAKING CANDLE CHARGERS! MANUFACTURING UPDATE - the Joy of Packaging We're in the middle of producing our next small batch of pre-production units - still on track for delivery in December. Given holiday shipping madness, you may not receive Kickstarter units until early January - we will keep you updated as we get closer. One of our greatest challenges has been the packaging for the Candle Charger - it needs to be strong enough to survive being dropped by delivery folks, retail folks, our shipping folks, us folks, and you folks! The Candle Charger itself is easy - but throw in the Stower Candle and things got muy complicado. But we did it! The above is the latest and greatest, and as close to bomb-proof as one can get with light weight, recyclable cardboard. Parting Words Thats all for now - will be back in touch in a few weeks with more info. As always, definitely let us know if you have any questions, feedback, or thoughts on how to improve the Candle Charger. Charge On, Team Stower Hello Stower Country! We tweeted this a few weeks back for the FlameStower, thinking it was awesome. Apparently not - the Internet can be very zen. We have a couple more FlameStower's in stock and available at StowerEnergy.com - get one today and get outside this fall! Production Update - its real now! Just ordered the parts, and we're moving into production on your Candle Chargers! One of the cool things that came from the KS campaign was a lot of you wanted to boil water for drinking/cooking with the Candle Charger - cook and charge, our kind of people. So we're making it food safe, with a ceramic coating on the water bath (check it out - shiny!) So Hot, we're InDemand! In celebration of National Preparedness month (really!), and because you all were so amazing during our campaign, we got picked up by an amazing program on another crowdfunding page. Launching today, the Candle Charger is now available for preorders at Indiegogo - weird! Check it out and share with your people: www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-candle-charger-reliable-power-for-outages Thanks all. We're still on track for shipments in December - yeehaw! Team Stower Hello Stower Country! Hope everyone had a great weekend. We had Monday off (kind of), and in the middle of our quasi day off we had the following conversation: - Andy: So do you guys really like the name "Candle Charger?" Kind of lame. We should find something cooler, something more, I dont know, rock 'n roll. Testarossa. Pantera. Something like that. -Jason: Sure, good idea. But not Testarossa. It has to be a name our customers like, something fun and memorable that relates to the Candle Charger. - Andy: Ok...so, how do we find a name like that? - Jason: I dunno, we ask them. And with that, we'd excited to announce... The Great Stower Naming Contest of 2015 We'd love to hear your ideas on a potential name for the Candle Charger, and thought it would be fun to have a naming contest. Heres the rules: Anyone can submit their idea for a new name for the Candle Charger - just send us a note through Kickstarter. Easy! If they're good, we'll pick the top three names We'll hold a vote in a future update. Winner of the vote is the new name of the Candle Charger, and the winner gets a Stower t-shirt! Names will be judged on their uniqueness, descriptiveness and ability to catch attention from a store shelf, and how the name relates to Stower and our first product, the FlameStower Fire Charger. So - let the naming begin! Stower Update We're still on track with our manufacturing and delivery plans: placing orders in the next few weeks for all materials and components for the Kickstarter units Doing a small production run in September to verify some new production tools (nothing major, just fine tuning production). Preparing for our blitz on South By Southwest in early October - cant wait! As always, let us know if you have questions or concerns. Until the next update - STAY CHARGED! - Team Stower SUCCESS! We had so much fun with our Kickstarter campaign - thanks to all our backers for helping make it happen! This is pretty much what we did last weekend - Jason bust some serious moves, and Andy even sported a Lionel-esque getup, sans leather. <url>"hardware" project - nothing like the Candle Charger has been mass produced before, meaning we have to bring new things to life and be sure it works when we put it all together. Pretty exciting (well, for some - its also extremely tedious!) - heres what you can expect along the way: Updates! - we'll definitely keep you updated on manufacturing progress, with a chance we'll ask our backers for design feedback as we finalize the details. Surveys - we will send out a survey in a few weeks for your shipping information. From our first campaign we learned its very important that your name and shipping information is entered completely, correctly, and in English. But dont worry - we know this rodeo and will be there to help you out along the way. Shipping - we're still on track to deliver your rewards in December. HOORAY! So - stay tuned, have a great Labor Day if you're in the US, and Stay Charged! Team Stower ps - if you're into readiness and camping, you might be interested in the Oasis water filter on KS right now ! They're doing some innovative stuff with water purification, definitely worth a look! We're on the home stretch, Stower Country! We've had an amazing campaign with the Candle Charger here on Kickstarter - thank you all for your great support, questions, and for helping spread the word about the Candle Charger and new, reliable energy! A few more days to go - LETS DO IT! UPDATES FROM TEAM STOWER One of our backers requested Stower show the fiber of our fabric, asking us to post a video of the Candle Charger charging an iPhone 6 while measuring the current output. So last night, we did it! And we see a very stable 470 mA. Check out the video below (and the first one to respond with the movie playing in the background gets a prize:) <url>"hey, this Candle Charger is pretty rad!" - as we finish off the campaign. Afterward, we're nose to the gridstone with getting the units built and delivered on time. We're well on our way - we'll share pictures from our next pre-manufacturing build scheduled for next week! - and will be sure to keep you all updated on our progress. In the meantime - STAY CHARGED! Team Stower ps - just found out about this campaign from some dudes in Germany for a fun new drone that you can control with your smartphone. Exzellent! AHOY, STOWER COUNTRY!!! On this, the penultimate update during our Kickstarter campaign, we'd like to express our gratitude to you, our backers and supporters. Join us. Lets gather round the Stower table, young and old...and charge a phone. Ahh...if only we were that wholesome. One week left - lets make it a great one! Thanks for helping us spread the word by sharing the Candle Charger with your friends! Behind the Scenes You guys have been amazing during our campaign - lots of great support, some valuable feedback on how to improve the Candle Charger, and tons of questions! We're focused on making the last week of our campaign an exciting one to give us great momentum as we move into production. We'd love to hear from you - your ideas and recommendations are invaluable to building a great product - and we'll be providing more updates as we move closer to production. However, we thought it would be fun to share a little about why the Candle Charger looks like the Candle Charger. Evolution of a Stand One of the things we've stressed during our design process is safety - we want the Candle Charger to be safe enough to use on your kitchen table. "Grandma safe" we call it. Here's our first real prototype. The idea was the stand would swing from "stowed" into standing position. Really cool design, with one flaw - in certain instances, the joint for the stand weakened and the water bath fell over! Grandma drenches her doily. We worked for months on a solution where the legs would be attached to the water bath and reliably, safely keep it standing. We succeeded, but the design wasn't manufacturable so we ditched the idea and focused on the current detachable stand design. Then the fun began - how to manufacture it? Easiest and most economic was a simple weld, but it looked awful in early production prototyping. Blah . Next, we tried a standard rivet, but again the results were visually pretty bad and we couldn't get a strong, repeatable, conformal joint due to the curve. Check it out: Then, in the depths of design agony with the potential of a hideous looking leg assembly, eureka ! Our manufacturing project manager Antoine came through in the clutch with an elegant, manufacturable, extremely stable design. Thanks Antoine! And so goes the legend of the Candle Charger stand - a ton of work on some very minute details, but we think it makes for a great, safe product. We think you'll agree! Until next time - STAY CHARGED, KICKSTARTER! Team Stower We Hit Our Stretch Goal! Thank you everyone for the great support in helping Stower hit its stretch goal! We're thrilled to be getting folks charged up with the Candle Charger, keeping you energized and connected during power outages or in the outdoors. We've also just unlocked our "buy one, give one" reward, exclusively available here during our Kickstarter campaign. With each Candle Charger reward reserved at retail cost, we're integrating a Stower charging system into a clean cookstove in Guatemala. The system looks a little like this, with a Candle Charger attached to the top hot surface of the Ecoestufa. Why We're Doing This When the power goes out, the first thing we do is call our friends and family to get information and make sure everyone is alright. Thats why we built the Candle Charger and launched in Kickstarter - the Candle Charger is new, and nothing else is really good at reliably charging a phone during power outages. Now imagine you had a smartphone - incredibly rad technology in the palm of your hand - but didn't have power to keep it charged, ever? Thats the reality for about 500,000 people in Guatemala and more than 1.2 billion people in the world today. We get it - charging a phone seems like pretty small potatoes. But when we think about what mobile technology and communication does - the huge value it provides all of us as individuals - that tiny bit of energy becomes exponentially important. So we're doing it - personal, sustainable electricity from energy sources we control - and you our Kickstarter backers are helping make it happen. Thats definitely worth a Monday morning "YEEHAW!" and a huge thank you to our Kickstarter community. Now - lets Get Charged and see what we can do! FRIDAY! Fun week on the Kickstarter trail - you guys are amazing, and now that we've hit our goal we want to cap it all off by trying something great. Our First Stretch Goal! $50k - Buy One, Give One For about six months, Stower has been working with Grupo EBIS in Guatemala on a project where we're integrating Candle Charger technology into efficient, clean burning cookstoves - called Ecoestufas - for off grid homes. Heres some pictures from Andy's visit to Guatemala last winter and early prototyping at Stower HQ. More information on our project and partnership is available here and here . Once we hit $50k, we'll unlock a Buy One, Give One reward where you can back a Candle Charger at retail pricing and that pledge will cover the costs for integrating a changer into one of the Ecoestufas. Heres why this matters: These stoves go to homes where families cook over open fires and lack electricity. The Ecoestufas provide significant health and environmental benefits to the families using them - reduced smoke inhalation, reduced fuel usage, increased safety in the home. Integrating Stower technology lets individuals Cook &amp; Charge - an efficient, sustainable way to generate small amounts of power for lights and mobile phones. Excited to offer this reward and see what we can do. We'll be charging hard to hit the stretch goal - thanks for your continued support! Team Stower Happy funding to you, happy funding to you, happy FUN-ding dear Candle Charger, happy funding to you! Great news, Stower country - WE FUNDED THIS MORNING! Totally pumped - thank you thank you thank you! To celebrate, we're excited to unlock our first campaign surprise, the Stower P.O.P Kit! P.O.P = Power Outage Prepared! A lot of you have mentioned the Candle Charger would be great in an emergency kit (looking at you, TIME), and the P.O.P Kit is Stower's update on traditional home readiness kits. Designed specifically for average length power outages (1-3 days), the P.O.P Kit includes a Candle Charger, two Stower Candles, water, USB flashlights, and other gear you might not already have handy that can be a big help in outages. The P.O.P Kit is available for backing now, and more information is on the page. Check it out, let us know what you think, and thanks once again for bringing the Candle Charger to life. More exciting news and stretch goals coming soon - time to kick out the jams and Get Charged! Team Stower Hello Stower Country! Here we are, two weeks in and knocking on the door of our fundraising goal - ALMOST THERE! Thanks so much for your early support and for helping spread the word about the Candle Charger and new energy. Its working: Time.com digs us Reuters sent a camera crew to film the HQ And we just got picked up by the dudes at Uncrate ! And for some reason our demo video has been viewed 267 thousand times in over 20 countries - wish I wore a nicer shirt, like this one! Prototype, Prototype, Prototype We have some exciting updates heading your way once we hit our goal, but thought it would be fun to share some of our prototypes as we built the Candle Charger. Enjoy! This one is interesting, because it highlights a couple important lessons that influence the current design. Key changes include: Ditching the rotating legs - this would have been AWESOME if we could have gotten it to work reliably and be affordable. Alas, no dice. From Plastic housing and legs to all metal. We were originally pushing for plastic, the idea being we could insulate it efficiently to actually grab the water bath without needing a handle. We were on a good path, but couldn't get the durability high enough on the plastic (too brittle and cracked easily). Everything else is pretty close to the current version on our campaign! Ahh, memories. Charge On, Team Stower YEEEHAWWW!!! Good to be back on Kickstarter, and we're charged up with the great Day 1 response from you, our early backers! We definitely couldn't do this without you - thanks, and remember to share the campaign with your friends (thats the real magic of Kickstarter!) Actually, we weren't sure about putting the Candle Charger on Kickstarter - its not an app, wont take your picture or put you into outerspace. But it will charge your phones and other USB equipment when the grid cant - keeping us connected to what matters - and now that we're live we're feeling good and ready to roll! Day 2 is starting out even better - Gizmag got it right , the Candle Charger is breaking new ground in personal energy! We're working hard to make this campaign a success and build you a great, reliable product. So...stay tuned for some big updates once we get closer to our fundraising goal, and Stay Charged! Hi All, Thanks for the notes, and for our international backers please accept our apologies for the delay. We've shipped out a little more than half of the international rewards - still working on the other half, hope to get these shipped out ASAP. Working hard to get these out soon - thanks again for your support and understanding. Hi Jeff! Glad to hear you're charging away. We modeled the handle after cooking pots and pans - squeeze the sides of the handle toward one another then rotate down to close. Charge on! Units are shipping:) Shipping is still scheduled to start this week. We are really excited for our supporters to start receiving the Candle Chargers. Hi Peter! We're shipping all Candle Charger rewards with a Stower Candle. Any candle will work, and there are a few other candles and chafing fuels that can provide the 6 hr burn time. Do NOT use gasoline - dangerous stuff. Hi Todd! Started sending out surveys this week - you should get yours in the coming days. Exciting times, looking forward to getting you all FIRED UP and charged up soon! Shipping starts in about two weeks! Most have been built - we're waiting on a couple pieces to be finished before assembly of the last ones, then we ship 'em. We will send out our survey for shipping information next week. Hope everyone had a great holiday - heres to a charged up 2016! Thanks for the encouragement, Jon! Starting our build now (hooray!) hope to start shipping these puppies out at the end of the month. Good question, Jon! Any small flame will do - candles, cooking fires, small campfires. Pretty versatile. Great idea, Richard! Will perform and post the demo early next week. In our tests with the 4 and 5, we see a charge rate of 600 mA at peak and >400 mA over time. Thanks for the support, SkwrHdz! Yes, the cable is heat resistant up to well over 150 C. You will want to avoid direct contact between the cable and open flame, but the Candle Charger works great over small cooking fires as well as candles. And the P.O.P Kit comes with two candles - up to 12 hours of USB power! Hey Hewster! Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Yes, other products use thermoelectrics - the technology has actually been around for years in car seat warmers, refrigerators, incubators, etc. Only recently have they started to make sense for power generation - mobile phones, extremely powerful machines, only need a couple watts to charge! The Candle Charger is the first of its kind designed to work indoors - thats a big deal. By being able to work over candles and fuel canisters the Candle Charger generates reliable, safe USB power indoors during outages. We're also able to deliver best in class efficiency with our thermal design and power management strategy - we're unique in that we directly charge smartphones rather than external battery banks (we charge those too!) Hope that answers your questions - would love to have your support and get you charged! Brian, you rule! Good question, Niels! We're laser focused on making the Candle Charger as efficient as possible and getting it into production. That being said, we're also still toying around with designs for a refillable canister, going MacGuyver on the candles we're using to see what we can do. Would love to see/hear your thoughts on this! A refillable candle is definitely interesting, and could be a great product on its own for camping. Thanks. Hi Hewster! First, thanks for your interest in the Candle Charger and for your early support. Yes, the Candle Charger works with other fire types, like other candles, stovetops, etc. But above everything, we wanted to build something safe and effective for generating power indoors during power outages - the design and efficiency of the Candle Charger does just that. Its also small and lightweight for camping! Hi Pete! Thanks so much for the interest in the Candle Charger! Yes, you can buy two - just double your pledge amount and we will make it happen. Hi Andrew - thanks for your support and the great question! We built and optimized the Candle Charger around commonly available fuel canisters, but yes it will work with other candles and fire types (small wood fires, cooking fires, etc). Working on a refillable canister design to use safely with commonly available kitchen oils - will send an update on this! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I still did not get my stuff either!! 3rd project I get burned on .. These fuckers will never deliver their stuff, i have been waiting since 2015 詐欺 These fuckers will never deliver their stuff, i have been waiting since 2015 I have not received yet Did not receive anything the enitre stower website has gone - seems any slight chance of delivering has gone . Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Still nothing in Asia... did you click on "Customer Support" at <url>"ll guess. Thanks. This is the latest information I've received from the creator, has anyone decided to take legal action? Does anyone know how that would work since I'm not in the same country as the creator? Hi Simon, To put it simply, we ran out of money - fought our way back in the summer and were able to send out about half the international rewards, then ran out of money again. Its been really frustrating and a little bit nerve wracking for our small team, but we're still committed and working on it. We have the inventory, but need to bring in some additional cash to fund the international shipping costs (which are ~$50/unit, more than the costs of the units themselves!) Didn't want to share this as previously folks have just copied and pasted our comments to message boards, and this is obviously sensitive information from a business standpoint. But we understand your frustration, and feel you deserve an honest answer. Still doing everything we can to get these out to you all as soon as possible. Again, apologies for the delay and thank you for your patience and understanding. - Andrew Did somebody, remove my contribution to this topic, I guess so! Stil waiting in the Netherlands, getting impacient! Who is living in the neighbourhood of team flamestower........ I've tried to get a refund by every possible mean. I've mailed them, I've messaged them here. To no avail. Apparently this is a company who doesn't accept refunds. Still waiting... Thank you, Gadgetman. It saves me the effort of testing it. Forgot to mention one thing, though... They wrote $15 as the value on the customs form, probably in a misguided attempt to save people money... Or to be complete and utter pains in the @ss one last time... Putting the wrong value into the form is DOCUMENT FRAUD! Or at best tax evasion... What happens to a package with an incorrectly declared value? That really depends on the customs inspector and his mood... Ever shopped from DealeXtreme? They used to declare '$1' and 'Gift' on all packages going to Norway... Until the customs people one year returned a whole shipping container! encouraging to read - backers are still receiving chargers , they are trickleing through. hopefully mine will come soon. (yeah I know) Thanks the review Gadgetman! It uses a peltier device so your right as it's the temperature differential that creates a voltage and power - so as the water heats the difference reduces and so does output - depends on the specfic materials the rates etc. Mine arrived a week ago, and today, after sorting the recyclables, I decided to kill two birds with one stone; test the Stower and make a good cup of tea... Since it was a balmy 8degrees C outside(pretty much a decent summer evening here in Norway), I decided to set up out on the verandah. I used the accompanying 'candle' for fairness. The item I decided to charge was my Caterpillar S40 phone(charge level 67%, and yes, it has a good battery) The water was ordinary tap water, so pretty cold... After 15 minutes the water temperature had risen to 65degrees C, and the phone battery had charged to 69% (no phone usage. It was on, but Wifi, BT, and GPS is switched off, and no pattery-depleting apps running) . After 20 minutes, it was still at 69% and the temperature had just passed 70degrees. After 30 minutes, the charge was at 70% and temperature was at 74degrees. And by then I had gone inside and made myself a decent cuppa by other means... I have a suspicion that the charger gets less effective as the water heats. Maybe you can get it to be somewhat effective by replacing the water ever 10 minutes... Is this a useful tool? Frankly, no. It charges the battery way too slow to be useful. My suggestion is to get an 'emergency power bank' that uses standard AAs and keep a big pack of those in your emergency gear. Smaller and lighter... You want to also make tea or sterilize water? Get an 'esbit stove' and a Trangia Mess Tin 212. The stove fits nicely in the tin, with lots of room for fuel, matches, teabags and even small packages of sugar, or possibly soup stock. Even that kit, together with a an AA-based power bank and batteries is lighter and more compact than the Stower. Don't forget double-bagging the contents of the Mess Tin, using Zip-lock bags. And yeah, I recommend packing both tea and soup stock. Tea is 'good for morale' and helps people relax. Soup stock is a good 'pick me up' drink or the beginning of a larger meal. Miracles happen. First Kickstarter revoked my ability to comment because of posting abusive content. It seems Kickstarter thinks one should lie back and think of England when robbed. Anyway. Today I received a package. It contained the Stower Candle Charger. Without any message. Still, at last I got what I paid for. I hope my fellow backers got or soon get the same surprise too ... I am in KOREA, I still have not received the stower today. Hmm. It doesn't matter much to me whether it's a case of malfeasence or incompetence. That is, not if there is no sign of guilt or responsibility. I paid and - apart from (new) promises - got nothing. Andrew Byrnes has damaged the Kickstarter-system, which is based on trust, honour and honesty. Andrew Byrnes deserves scorn, no sympathy nor pity. Thanks for the update Gadgetman. Apparently we are dealing with incompetent people here. I always assume incompetence before malfeasence :) Thanks for the very well written response! Simon, they claimed they were halfway through shipping in APRIL last year! And running out of money isn't an excuse to not post updates here. We KNOW things can go pearshaped. If they had explained that BEFORE they ran out, quite a few backers might have chosen to help out by tossing another $5 their way or otherwise 'finding a solution'. Or not, since they also seems to have made a mess in their first KS Project also. The creator of the SolderDoodle, a USB-rechargeable soldering iron also ran out of money, and ended up getting another job to earn the money needed to pay to ship the completed units. He kept us updated. <url>"Kickstarters" can do somethig about this scam ? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. So .... We've been had?? @Gert Jen. to be clear message was from Andrew. @ Craig Hi Craig, Thanks for sharing. Not clear whether Kickstarter replied or Andrew Byrnes. The moment I receive what I paid for, I will report about it here. Hopes are not up, though. Kind regards, Gert Jan Hi All, i made another complaint to kickstarter and had continued to try and message the creator. I got a message back today from them. Sadly not for publishing which I will respect. Have encouraged them again to post updates here or direct to all backers as all should know. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hi still nothing in England Still nothing in The Netherlands :-( To warn off others (hope Google helps): Andrew Byrnes is a fraud. Team FlameStower is a fraud. Candle charger is a fraud. Candle Charger: Emergency Power Generator for Smartphones is a fraud. Sorry to bother co-victims with this. I just don't like to be fooled this way. @ Craig & Others: Leave a review at <url>"Available now" apparently.... unless you're a kickstarter backer... <url>"Team FlameStower says: Soon! Andrew Byrnes, Founder" (19/8/2016) Still waiting ... Trying to be respectful & considarate: not cool! Hello! So far I did nor receive the shipment; is there any update on the timeline? Thank you! Yap, yap, we've shipped a little more than half of the international rewards', yap , yap ,yap... Isn't that word for word what you wrote when I tried bothering you by posting at your Zendesk support site? Are you delivering them in person? They really need to do a proper update telling people what's going on. I got the following message a few days ago... Hi David, Thanks for the note, and please accept our apologies for the delay. We've shipped out a little more than half of the international rewards - still working on the other half, hope to get these shipped out ASAP. Working hard to get these out soon - thanks again for your support and understanding. Andrew Byrnes, Founder I think we can just forget about it. They're completely incompetent numpties, because according to the comments section of their previous project, they never shipped all of those, either... Yes, my comment may be considerd disrespectful, but then again, not shipping the goods and stopping the updtes or responding here in the comments isn't all that respectful, either. Oh, and we can SEE that one of them were online and at this site on July 22.... Hey FlameStowerTeam This is really dissapointing!!!! No Reply, No Shipment, Nothing..... When do you finally serve your Backers???? Regards from Switzerland. Val. I may have asked 'when will the Kickstarter units ship' on the Amazon page they're selling these via.... Hm... Last Login is June 29... Why no comment or update? Still no update or product. I think I'm left with no choice but to try to pursue a refund from my credit card company. I'd still love this product bit you've abandoned the people that showed faith in your company by backing this product. Please update us, and consider that it is now well over 6 months since our reward should have arrived. This company is turing out to be a major disappointment - broken promises and no responses to PM's and public posts requesting followup. I don't see how I can recommend other people purchase from a company that treats their customers this way. Dear seller, did you send the item to europe? Thanks @CandleCharger - I've sent several PM's but received no replies. I would appreciate if you would respond. @Gadgetman! that's important and useful information. Unfortunately their poor and irregular communication with backers viz- delivery process is really reflecting negatively on them I'm in New Zealand This is the response I got two months ago they should have been sent by now. How hard is it to put a courier sticker on a box. ============================================== Apr 12 2016 Thanks for the note and for your early support of the Candle Charger. We've shipped rewards to US and Canadian backers, and are starting to ship international rewards this week. Hope to get you charged up soon! Andrew Byrnes, Founder Bothered him on the Zendesk support section of his site.(Added a new question... ) and it seems they're about halfway through shipping international rewards. Please chaps you are not responding to email we are still waiting for our items in the UK but you are now selling these on your site and get it posted to UK please let us know what is going on I have to honest I am disappointed as was hoping to have this for the first week in July and i can not see that this is going to happen it is not fair that you are selling this but your investors are still waiting for there good and are in the dark as you have stopped responding to mails Please, please, PLEASE give us tracking numbers! The Norwegian post is 'kind of' unreliable these days, and not always sending out notices about packages waiting to be collected, so I've already had one one package returned to sender as 'uncollected' this year... Please update on international backers situation. It is starting to get a little concerning now. Hey Flame Stower Guys Still no News about shipping to Switzerland (Europe)??? The camping season is on and I would really appreciate if you would finally rush a little bit to serve us Backers as we could expect..... Thanks Valentin Dear seller, Will you send an email with shipping tracking number? Thanks Davide Any updates for shipping to Hong Kong? Any updates for shipping in China? I don't understand why update takes so long when you even have less than 1000 backers. Still nothing (Europe) seems time another update posted - has shipping completed ? and if so when - am in Australia so know it can take up to 6 weeks from the USA but good know when shipped so can case up if it doesn't arrive. Any news on shipping to the UK? Got mine today (in Sweden) Looks good and work great Still waiting for mine. Any idea when it will arrive? The response message from the Stower team was: Sorry about only getting one fuel canister, but I can buy a fuel canister at 30% off from their store. Not acceptable, what do you think? @Eric: did you get a response about only getting one flashlight? @Eric nope. Only one stower candle, unless the other one is invisible. Thanks for responding, wish the Stower team would. @nora at least you got 2 flashlights. I didn't, but the one I did get, IS rechargeable. Also, the other Stower candle is in the box with the Stower device itself. This is a remarkable system when you boil it down to its raw components (pun intended) but I too feel cheated. What was received in my P.O.P. kit was NOTHING that was pictured, but the Stower system does work amazingly well. Correction to previous post: the flashlights are USB rechargeable, my mistake. Still feel the kit was not as promoted and it did not contain a second Stower candle. Seriously disappointed in the long awaited P.O.P. kit that arrived today. The campaign billed this as having: A Candle Charger and two 6-hr Stower Candles for charging and boiling water Matches and emergency water pouches Long-burning candles and USB rechargeable flashlights A kickass multitool and basic first aid kit to take care of business Some hand wipes to keep it clean. 1. There is only one Stower candle included. 2. The “kickass” multitool pictured is nothing like the cheap tool included. 3. The 2 small flashlights are not USB rechargeable. 4. The Basic First Aid kit is basically a small box of bandaids. 5. There is one book of matches, but not the box as was pictured. 6. The long-burning candles are liquid, wicked candles about the size of pingpong balls. I feel cheated. good you've now sent an update- fact international have not started shipping was valuable - perhaps you could give estimate when shipping will be completed OR weekly updates - eg. all orders for country x shipped I suggest an update viz- shipping progress etc. is warrentted In Hong Kong, nothing yet... Please help, thanks. In Zurich, nothing yet :(. Any signs ? Still no sign of even a shipping notification. I bought this because of frequent power cuts where I live and also because I needed something to charge my phone while at festivals. Seriously doubting I'll have this before the festival season this year, or even at all. Please provide an update. I'm in Toronto and still haven't received mine sadly. Any updates? Still waiting on mine... I'm in Seattle, WA do I would have thought it would be here... I received mine. Toronto Area, Canada. Its everything it was promised to be! I had to pay 23 dollars extra for duty. This was not charged by Stower but because its an import (and the shipping company charges most of that for 'brokerage fees'). Thats fairly standard in my experience when having items shipped into Canada. I have not received anything yet. Can you give me the tracking Number? Thanks Davide Please can you let me know when you are shipping to UK? I'm looking forward to getting mine soon! (Maple Ridge, BC, Canada) Still no sign here in the UK, of the unit, or any kind of shipping info or tracking number. Starting to wonder if this was all a dud. Still haven't received it Still didn't receive anything. Any expected time to deliver? Where can I get more information? Why did UPS leave a note on my door saying I have to pay almost $23 to receive my package from you? I've yet to pay, as I want to know why I have this extra lovely payment surprise. Hi there - are you sending tracking numbers for international shipments ? When will the POP kits ship? I’ve yet to receive it and am anxiously awaiting it! I received the first one last Friday 2/26 and the second one today Tuesday 3/1. I've just received both of mine. Like Elizabeth I had to 'remind' them that I doubled my pledge. Just got mine! Just heard back and are shipping out my second one. Awesome customer service guys! Now to wait on number two to get here. � Received only one of mine today. Disappointed since I had pledged for two. Received mine in Indiana as well yesterday and seems to work great, though I only had time to try it out for a few minutes. The only thing I can't figure out is how to get the handle back into stower position after using it...it feels like i'm going to break it when i try to move it back. Got mine in Indiana by UPS ground so they are being shipped. Excellent packaging. Got to try it out tonight. @Doc TB.. thanks sir. UPS Ground Coming ups, usps or fedex? Got it today in LA ! Will try it soon ! Shame on you Stower don't leave is hanging or we will assume bad things. .. just tell us have we passed threw customs and when and how they are going to ship. That's not asking much just wanting to be kept in the loop. This is a backer who has backed you more then observe and is getting more then one of your products this go around. Thank you in advance for a timely response as to what's going on. Still no shipping ? Hi there have these been shipped to the uk yet please Hi, I received a UPS shipping notification earlier stating the shipper as Flamestower. Then this evening I received a cancellation notice from UPS... Everything going OK? Thanks. So how long will shipping take? I'm in the U.S. Well they include tracking information? Also will they be shipped usps, ups or fedex? @Lewin According to the creator's comment on January 26th under Update #16, they should start shipping rewards to backers the week of February 8th for those of us in the U.S. When are you guys going to be shipping? Wanting to know if you can give us some info on delivery time. It started December and now it's February. Not griping just would like to know weber we are at. Anybody got it? Hi, I live in Hong Kong. When will i receive my candle charger? Thanks. Where are the units expected to arrive in the UK? What kind of gasoline or other mixture should I put into your can to get declared 6h cooking time or is something that would make it burn longer? Have the survey ' s been sent out yet? Can't wait to get my charger! When does shipping start ? When are these shipping? Can not wait to get my hands on this! It seems like forever since I made my pledge. Keep up the good work! What's this 'no more candles' I hear people talking about? I buy 'tea candles' in 100packs, except for the scented ones from IKEA of course.(They don't come in that large packs) Since a couple of tea candles is enough to get an effect, why not buy a 50 or 75pack of the 6 or 8hour version, and keep for emergencies? Even if you burn 4x 6hour canles at a time, 50/4 * 6hours = 75Hours. That's 3 days and nights with 4 candles burning all the time. Just buy top quality tea candles as the cheap one can sometimes launch 1' tall flames... One of the guys from Top Gear once demonstrated 'winter survival' by lighting one of those candles inside a car, and using it to melt snow and heating the water. Regarding "any flame will do" - if we don't use the stand, can we put use it on a gas stove if the flame circle isn't wider than the base (and we keep the flame on low) and/or if the flame circle is larger than the base (and risks heating the cable) can we use it on a metal plate on the stove (ie, an old frying pan - and if necessary add an inch of water for a good thermal contact)? I'm just looking for options to use the stove in a pinch in case there is a power failure and I don't have any more candles. Will the Candle charger be able to just use the candle? or any flame? Has anyone seen the 'Warp5' charger? <url>"CHANDLER"? What about "Firepower" Yea! Charge on anytime What type of candles will work after the one provided is used? Are they specific for this device, or will any candle work? How long does it take to charge? And what about gas stove burner powered? Any possibility of offering the water bath in various colors? Could this could be accomplished with a hard anodized finish? Can you hook up a USB meter, something like this: <url>"candle" what could you suggest as a shield to protect the cable? On a multi-day power-outage I can see the possibility of running out of your "candles" and definitely needing another heat source. This is such a smart thing to have in your emergency kit at home! If I wanted to try using this by placing it on my electric stovetop, would it still work to charge something? Whelp, I guess I will have to cancel my pledge. Not sure why you are choosing to ignore my simple question if there is anything that is notably different than your competitors, such as power pot. I would assume you already know that their product exists, especially since you have backed their projects in the past. A simple answer even stating that the products are similar and just the cosmetic design is a little different would have sufficed since it would have shown honesty instead of blatantly ignoring a question. I was hoping to see that this would require a little less of a fire source than the powerpot, or possibly charge faster. Also... I see in your video that you use a normal candle under the pot instead of the canister candles... if you stated that normal candles would actually work that would have been awesome as well... although I think that was just for effect and marketing. Woohoo! First one to get the P.O.P. kit! Well, the candle in it´s current design is probably already refillable with kitchen oil like any tealight. The only thing required for an oil candle is the pod, wick and kitchen oil. What I don´t know is the difference in heat. I *guess* the problem and the reason you´ve chosen a special candle is to keep the heat output to a constant higher level than with a standard candle burning. Probably to keep the energy output of the device high and stable enough to constantly supply iPhones (which are especially picky) with the exactly right voltage. That´s perfectly fine if you´re just looking for a solution to charge up your phone two times during a blackout, but for other scenarios like a longer camping trip it´s a problem. Especially because you just ship 1 candle with it and - not being in the USA - ordering more candles later costs a lot of shipment costs. Guessing again I suppose the problem with the refillable canister is to keep the heat output to the same level as the original. But I don´t think this would really be necessary and I would trade greater flexibility (like being able to refill kitchen oil like you suggested) against a constant power output anytime! I plan to plug in a power bank (flexible about power output level) instead of my (i)phone anyway and would later recharge the (i)phone from the energy storage. However even easier would be if you would add a power bank to the device (2200 maH would probably be sufficient). Then you wouldn´t need to worry about the changing or lower power output. I am backing this, but I am really hoping for a refillable canister. Any update on that yet? Thank you for the reply. Is there any real difference between this and other products like it? Such as the power pot? Will this work with other candles? How about on the stove or other open flame? What makes it any different from other products such as the "PowerPot?" I love my Fire Charger (even though I backed it when it was Flamestower), but this is a nifty gadget too. I have a CASE of diethylene glycol chafing wick chafer fuel canisters that look identical to your Stower Candle. I bought them as a cheap, lightweight, non-toxic, and non-combustible source of flame that's safe to use indoors. It's a perfect solution for this particular use case. I have a folding metal stove to use them for simple cooking and water heating, but if I can generate power while heating water, that's a multitasker, and as a fan of Alton Brown, I highly approve of multitaskers. I'm looking forward to including this in my emergency gear! Such a cool project. Can we double the backing for two early bird units? I'd like one and another as a gift for a tech-ravenous family member! :) Thanks :) Thanks :) G'day :) I just wanted to confirm that it is possible to refuel the 6 hour candle (or substitute another, more traditional, candle) when the initial 6 hour candle is used? Thanks :) What I like is the "Bonus! The Candle Charger also quickly boils and sterilizes water, which you can reuse for cooking or making a cup of something nice before the grid returns.". So we have a dual use camping/emergency device. Woohoo! 1st backer! I have the original flame stower and use when I go backpacking. I like the concept of this one that it's more versatile with the candle or stern underneath it!