BIO Currently working for high end exotic car brand, where I've learned about Italian design and passion. Holding high expectations and knowing the little details make all the difference. Want to share what I learned and make it obtainable through design. The dress shoes I would see everyday to me seemed boring and when I started working at a high end exotic car dealer everything changed. The dress shoes you would see were high fashion and I wanted to create it without paying designer dollars for them. Hand Made Construction using Genuine Leather with Polyurethane Insole for Comfort. These shoes started last year after wanting to have a good looking designed dress shoe. Many months of going back and fourth with corrections until getting to this stage now. Bringing design that is more obtainable at a affordable price for dress shoes to you. After rediscovering kickstarter this would be the perfect kick start to my mission. Personally wear these shoes all the time going out. Well made shoes and quality that has not been sacrificed due to a low price. This is the difference between retail price and production price. MATERIALS 100% Genuine Leather Polyurethane Insole Rubber Custom Sizes available just send me a message! Standard sizes up to a US 13. EURO sizes too. If you're not happy with your shoes just return within 2 weeks after receiving them. 8 Styles to Choose from with 3 Color Choices. " I love your mission in providing affordable dress shoes without the sacrifice of quality. I'm a graduate student and I don't make much money from graduate teaching, but this project/your mission will allow me to dress better within my limited budget. Thank you Chase." Your shoes are currently going through customs, when I have them I will update you. Thank you. All shipping supplies have just arrived. All messages replied back to as well. Hope everyone is having a great weekend! We're getting closer now. Want to let everyone know that when the shoes ship this month you will each have a tracking number. Have replied back to all messages. Thank you! This being my first Kickstarter project I wanted to make sure everything is above standards when it comes to quality and service. Had a random batch of shoes sent to me and just got them this morning. Could not be more happier! Makes me very excited to get these shoes to you! Hello everyone! Current time frame still appears to be next month. No other delays have happened. Any questions please just send me a direct message to me. All messages have been replied back to. Thank you! Hello everyone! Haven't had a update in awhile, but was very busy answering everyone messages. I'm always here just send me a message with anything you need. Production is in full swing and anticipate everyone having their shoes by the end of next month. There was a week delay with a labor holiday from the factory besides that everything is green. Being my first project I'm invested into this making sure everything exceeds your standards. Definitely want to plan other shoes and also women's line as well. My name is on the line and nothing is being over looked to satisfy everyone. There is also a 2nd and final production run for these designs. Learned a lot already and the support and feedback has been nothing short of amazing, thank you. Have replied back to all messages and I now have found a way to increase orders for everyone who was asking me. Message me if you still would like to order more pairs. Please send in your order if you have not yet, order starts Friday. Thank you! Only about 10% of you I am waiting on to send in your order, have answered all messages up to now. Please send in your order so I can get production started. Hoping to send in all orders before the week is over! Thank you! Send me a message if you have a question. Majority has now sent in their orders, all messages have been replied back to. Looking for more pictures? In the update section under update #4. Looking for style names? In the update section under update #6. Please if you have not, send in your order ASAP and any questions you have message me directly instead of leaving a comment. Available for a couple more hours then all day tomorrow. Thank you again for the support! We did it, over $24.5k with 507 pairs of shoes sold. Just sent everyone a survey to pick their size, color, and style. Please respond ASAP to get production moving ahead. Thank you, couldn't have done this project without all my supports. Looking forward to the process now and future projects. This being my first project on Kickstarter I am handling quality control to raise the standard very high and keep it there. To make it easy I have numbered the styles below and colors are black, brown, or cognac. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. Well we did it, we beat the original goal. On Friday when this ends Kickstarter will let me send you a survey to pick out your style,size, and color. Please complete it before the weekend is over so I can get all the orders in. Thank you! Look forward to what's next. What a incredible experience this has been and have every single one of you to thank. Very excited to produce all these shoes. Adding pictures below that was requested. Believe we're going over our original goal of $20k, let's get one more share and beat it! Expect all delivery's to happen in May. Project ends this week and then kickstarter allows me to send you a survey where you will pick you styles, color, and size and any additional requests. Any questions message me. Now we have 200 backers, that's incredible. The new pictures I am going to put on our Facebook page. When they're on our pledge page it seems to get very crowded. We need to come up with some names for each styles and asking for your help to name them. Also the colors are currently black, brown, and cognac. Thank you. Just 30 hours in and we made it happen. Thank you to every single one of you. Now let's get the shoes made. Any there requests for anything? Going to set up a email just for this and this week you can send me your size, color, and style and will get it started. Thank you everyone who has supported this project. What a great start. Will spend some time this weekend working on stretch goals. Let's keep the momentum going, we're ranked #1 in our category. Thank you. Update will be in a couple hours, any questions just message me. That is the fastest way to get hold of me. @Ron answered your message and @Roy just enter 42 for size and I will get it taken care of. Replied back to all messages now, less than 20 responses waiting now and placing order Friday. Rob that is fine, all messages have now been replied back to. @Jack yes that is black. @Patrick Kickstarter is amazing and I love all my backers for supporting this project. The colors that are currently shown is what I have a available, but currently don't have pictures besides shown. Robin you have been replied to, sorry to miss your message. With over 380 backers I am sorry your message went unanswered. @Ihor the colors are black,brown, and cognac and the style choices are numbered in the latest update. @Kay you can just message me your order then or just write down your first order followed by a comma for your second and than your finally order choice. All other messages have been replied back to, if not please message me today. So far believe over 50% have sent in their orders. Hey everyone I'm still at work, I will take all tomorrow to take care of your order. Goal is to have everything by Sunday in. If you haven't please view the update page with the pictures and numbers being sending a message regarding the same. Hey Jason, just enter your first pair, then follow it by a comma and then also do it for the third one. Style numbers in the update provided. Every tier has their own survey, if you bought one then simple enter your size (number), color (name) and style (name). Which is listed on the Funded update. If you ordered more than 1 pair then you enter the information on the same line. There is 3 lines. If you're still confused then email me. All surveys have been sent out, the style choices are in the update and pick the number from there. @Fynn I would just make it easy and go with the UK size. The survey will not come until after the deadline, in 24 hours. Message me I can't find your message in my inbox. Oh yeah! Everyone please respond back to the survey tomorrow or Sunday by the latest so we can get production started. How they would fit as a womens shoe really couldn't tell you. Don't know the difference in sizing. Thank you! Yes! Big update coming by the end of today, sorry for the delay have been sick and finally back up to speed. At the end I will send out a survey where you can pick your choice. Thank you Jarron! That is huge support. Have been sick the last two days and haven't had the chance yet to add the pictures and build the page. Winston thank you for your comments man! Building a facebook page for the shoes now and should have everything up tomorrow. This is just our start, thank you kickstarters! Thank you everyone! I'm excited to get all these shoes made for you. Message me still and we will set it up. Thank you! Plenty more pictures coming up don't worry! Thank you for the support. Most of us filed for this as fraudulent. And someone collected some info on the guy demonstrating he was indeed a scammer... can't remember all the details though, as that was 6 years ago. Right??? So... like where are my shoes?? Would have rather gotten some shoes...but can't get my money either or so claims AMEX that it's too long ago. They told me to take it up with the company...only problem is we can't get a response... As an Australian backer this will be an interesting adventure to get the money back from the bank who issued my credit card. :) @Nabil. this project died months ago, my bank paid out last year. There is 0% chance of you getting any shoes so speak to your bank for a refund. So i guess (Kickstarter™) don't give a flying f*ck about this? I hope they can resolve it from there part and not forcing every participant to go to police and do a fraud report and then start the ridiculous process with credit card company. Hi, still not received anything, is it normal? thanks for keeping updated Money gone - I hope the new contracts help protect us <url>"lost". How about a class action suit?! Isn't there a process in the USA to arrest someone for stealing over $40,000 (two funded projects)? Do we know where this fellow is really located? It's funny that Kickstarter sensors the word **** but allows a man to steal all of this money. Maybe Kickstarter needs to understand the phrase, karma is a ****. @Ami and Ben, are y'all that naive to think the shoes are actually coming?! This was all a complete scam! There never were shoes! This ass hole is a criminal who deserves to be locked up. I do not believe in karma but I've been told she's a ****! I did my own chargeback weeks ago. F*CK this guy no one buy into anything he texts you @Kimberly. If you look back over the posts, some are quite articulate and lay out the timescale properly and more importantly, WHY you are still within an eligible time frame for a charge back. Then again, we all know that banks are even bigger thieves than Chase so you never can second guess them. Hope you get sorted. I don't know what to do now. Try to beg Citibank (my cc company) to refund me back from April 11...or "wait and see"? Have people had luck recently with Citibank refunding this far back? Ami, I hear what you're saying, but it seems like a difficult process. I wouldn't have any idea how to go about it either. It seems like he just made a couple mistakes and is having difficulties getting his shipments. This user's account has been deleted. This part is interesting "...and then customs has my shipment with no tracking and usps said they then would pay the insurance cost and I put insurance as only 1 per pair so now waiting blindly." It just doesn't add up, a product doesn't get lost in customs. It seems the shipment is lost with USPS , and he did not insure for a proper value. I'd love to believe his texts, but I find it IMPOSSIBLE to believe that the shoes have been in customs for 2 months now. Literally 2 months. How on earth would it take customs 2 months to look through a small kick starter project. And if this were the case Chase could give us viable information to look into this matter. But so far we have received zero useful answers. I have no information to verify if these shoes ever existed. With that in mind I have no regret having my bank complete a charge back. Especially because they contacted him to receive some confirmation that the shoes were being sent. because he didn't send anything to my bank they took the money back. If he would have given any information to them, he'd still have my money. So I don't feel back about anything in regards to this project. I hope everyone else got their money back. This is all garbage. Chase does not give a shit about anyone who backed him. I will gladly call and text him so I can tell him just how I feel! Dirtbag! "Hopefully will have updated information soon. Because it needs to get up. I'm devastated on how I have been presumed, I have a life and real job and this was a side project that excelled my wildest dreams and felt so connected to all my backers. Not meeting my deadline has tarnished me completely and it blows. I failed on meeting expectations and never wanted that. So much work has gone into this and didn't know everything I needed to make it a success." "I really don't have a definitive time frame and with chargebacks most likely will just return everything. Really love the shoes and the next ones were even 10x better looking. I wonder if I estimated shipping date later if this would have still happened. Everything in the beginning was great and then customs has my shipment with no tracking and usps said they then would pay the insurance cost and I put insurance as only 1 per pair so now waiting blindly." Then I said, "can you return some money and give people shoes who still want shoes?" "I think we're past the point, I would just ask people to hold off on chargebacks at least until I know the best plan to either give this project up or continue forward. Probably over 20% now." (I asked how many people got money back.) "So that's why if it continues then this is dead. Having product to sell to nobody is an entire lost on both sides." He actually responded to my text! Says: "I wish I didn't delete [my account] because I'm unaware how I can bring it back. The reason to delete my profile was a whole separate issue due to a stalker in my life and it makes me look bad now. I invested everything into this project and had so many goals for this one and the next. Have had some serious set backs and also getting chargebacks so paying for product that now has no owner." "I have no time frame right now that is definite." "And I need to post this information on the project page" I called the cell phone number that ExZackly left below and left a message. He sent a text message that says "I'm still waiting here and if nothing soon then will just return everything." Make of it what you will. I'm holding out hope because my bank doesn't think they'll be able to give me my money back since it's past 60 days. <url>’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>"exact date", under update #16. " From starting the project to you getting your dress shoes will be about 90 days when it's done." With a starting date of April 11th, this puts a date squarely on July 10th (Give or take a few I suppose but this is to be expected in ANY case with shipping times -- among other things). With an expected delivery date, latest May 31st, it now being August 2nd, upon the deletion of his account and with him being 100% unresponsive; I hope this should be enough evidence for my bank to refund me. At least, they have started their investigation, last time I phoned in they wouldn't even consider it without at least me mentioning an exact date. I hope this helps other people in the same predicament. I personnaly contacted my bank, they say they can't refund me as they do not consider this as a fraud so guess i'm screwed up :/ Winston, if you go to "My backer history" and then click on Chase it will show you promise date This user's account has been deleted. Patrick - Thank you so much. Where could I find visual proof for this though? I need to send it to my bank ASAP so I do not get screwed over ha. This user's account has been deleted. I put in my dispute. Apparently I need to provide proof of an exact date he intended to deliver the shoes. I don't think he ever did. Can anyone help me out here? I am livid. Just put in my chargeback/dispute request with Chase over the phone. Very easy to do and they handled it very well. I'll get credited the amount within 24-48 hours. Thank you guys below who commented with the recommendations and research. I recommend everyone else do the same! haha, I think all of us have sent him emails, he just doesnt respond. hopefully everyone does a charge back before the time to initiate a charge back is over. I began a dispute today and my bank told me that they would demand proof from him. If he can provide evidence we will honour the payment. If not I'll get my money back. I'm safe either way. I would recommend everyone does the same. I sent Chase (or Charles) an email yesterday with an ultimatum to provide proof and did not receive any type of response. I will be initiating a dispute with VISA tomorrow morning. Just initiated my dispute with Chase banking. I have no faith I'll see those shoes. 124.00 is a lot of money for me, I urge the rest of the backers to try to recoup their funds. Cheers Patrick. I bank with Barclays in the UK. This user's account has been deleted. Fynn, what is your debit card company? I did the same thing last night through Citibank. Said there might be a wait up to 120 days, but I told them that is worth the wait since I doubt I will ever hear from this guy again. Also. How the hell can kickstarter allow someone to delete his project account without any simple checks like "hey, let's see if this guy has met his obligations?" I guess that as long as they get their cut, then they really don't give a shit about backers. Not gonna touch their business again, they are either corrupt, not arsed or just greedy Made my payment through amazon, they ain't gonna be interested because of the time that has passed so hopefully my debit card company can help. Now I know that this is looking like a complete scam but from a banks view, when does it stop being a late delivery to them realising that he has no intention of fulfilling orders? just got done with my charge back with Chase Bank. Very easy to deal with them. Call ASAP!! they said they will send something to the merchant, being like where is the product, why hasnt it been delivered. blah blah and depending on his response. Either way I should have a credit in 24 hours for $82.00 Tell me someone reported his etsy project! This user's account has been deleted. Patrick, I agree. I disputed the charge/requested a charge back yesterday. Will keep y'all posted. Anything else we can do legally? Zen you are a god Has anyone contacted authorities about consumer fraud? I agree. Great work Zen! This user's account has been deleted. I googled his email address. It seems like Chase's real name is Charles Bernard Varnado III and that he has been involved in other scams. I could be wrong but check it out and decide for yourself. <url>#Brentwood,+CA <url>"failed" and she decided to refund. What are y'all's thoughts? He's a thieving scumbag, plain and simple. May he lose 3 times what he stole from us! This user's account has been deleted. I have backed many kick starter projects and experienced the entire gambit of project fulfillment. In my experience, if the backers become restless and the creator does nothing to assuage them, the project is more than likely vapor ware. 42 dollars isn't a huge amount of money for a pair of dress shoes, but it is more than I care to part with for no reason at all. Undoubtedly many people have already forgotten about this project, but in time, they will all come around asking questions. Alvin & Patrick - I'm with you about it being a little early to take action.. but I do think Chase would have responded already to our concerns if there was some reasonable explanation afoot. This user's account has been deleted. and the people that sent facebook messages, did you get any response? Im going to judge a book by the cover here. his facebook picture is shirtless, he has a some yacht as a picture. I think he just bit off to much to handle. I am cancelling my orders. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I was part of a project in which we received a refund after over a year. Communication in that project started well and then faded after many months. Eventually enough pressure was placed that the creator issued refunds in the guise of a "failed" project. At this point this project has only been around for three months and communication until recently has been good. Furthermore his Facebook is synced so we know exactly who he is. The other project was not like that and some people had to do some research into who the project creator was. I think we should wait longer until we start trying to pursue any course of legal action. Most, if not all of the projects I have funded have missed their target dates, but I still have eventually gotten the pledge rewards. The sky has not fallen yet so let's wait until we go grab our pitchforks. 'Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfil'l. - I think however we should at least wait for an actual sign that this is not going through. Hence the good faith part for now, Although we may be past that already. Alright well what do you guys think the best way to get money back would be? Dispute it with the credit card company? This guy is clearly not getting anything to us. I've had to wait 2 weeks or more for a singular item to go through customs before. This tidbit of data is the only thing that is keeping me 1% hopeful. Chase I think an update is long due Chase I think an update is long due This user's account has been deleted. Patrick - Haha, it's quite alright. I'm just disappointed. Kickstarter is full of wishful thinking. This user's account has been deleted. Patrick - Winston mad. i say we just cancel the shoes. no way these are going to be nice, with this minimal communication we've had. The exchange process he said we could do if they dont fit like we want. (who is actually going to mail shoes back to get a better size after this fiasco) im honestly cancelling Monday. I have 2 orders. This user's account has been deleted. @ryan, I sent him a Facebook message. He has over $40,000 of other peoples money and refuses to respond, hell I don't think contacting him in any way is overstepping boundaries! I received an email that they were held up in customs.....I just had a buddy send me something from New Zealand. It was in Customs for two days and I still received it....last week! Still a few more days of hope. This user's account has been deleted. Sorry I was mistaken, his Facebook is still there. But I feel like its overstepping to contact him on there, so I will hope that he talks to us soon. *2 weddings and a funeral later* This user's account has been deleted. deleted his facebook page too. Smells fishy to me Have to say I agree with Winston. Really wish we could get some insight as to what is really going on behind the scenes... Personally I think our chances of ever actually seeing the shoes are decreasing with each passing day Distressing & depressing. His last log in also 5 days ago now. I have to say I agree though. This week may be a deciding point. As a man of science I hold little confidence in "faith" -- except when regarding my now long anticipated shoes. I should switch to low hopes instead of high hopes haha. DAMN IT CHASE, just have a heart and let us know the real situation. Stop pulling me a long, it hurts doing it while having no shoes to wear. This user's account has been deleted. It sure would be nice if Chase would respond to his customers! It sure would be nice if Chase would respond to his customers! From the alleged situation in Mr Varnado's last update, 13 days from now seems like a reasonable amount of time. Although it seems more astounding each time I check the comments and read "Funded! This project was successfully funded on April 11." I can't even remember paying for these anymore, save of course from the print screen of the receipt. Like I said before though, I still have faith in you Chase! Patrick, I hope you and I get our shoes sooner then later. This user's account has been deleted. Matthew? This is not an international company haha. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. how is his other kickstarter project going?? anyone tracking that one? This user's account has been deleted. Winston? I work out of one of the US divisions of an international company. I can ship military grade equipment to Europe in under a week. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Logistics in what country? I imagine it must take a while to pass some 1000 shoes through customs in 'murica. As long as I get a tracking number before the end of this month the I'll be statisfied. I work in logistics & I don't buy this Customs B.S. Now we know why it took so long he had both pledges shipped in the same container so customs and shipping cost less. At least we got an update...but customs? Well guess we'll have to wait even longer. Hopefully things can go along a bit faster now. Delays or not please update us. This user's account has been deleted. Hi Chase, I have not received my shoes, nor any messages as to why this has been delayed further. When can we expect tracking numbers? This user's account has been deleted. The thing is, I wouldn't be mad if there was a delay because delays can be expected. I'm mad that if there is (which there is, clearly), he is not admitting to it or to what is causing it - no updates. My worst fear is that it is a monetary issue, a miscalculation or misunderstanding. My hopeful opinion is that there is just a delay due to him either having or needing two runs. If we do not get our shoes however by the end of this month then I can assure you we will never get them. Thinking back, I was hoping to wear these shoes when visiting my estranged family for a funeral in Germany... that was a month ago when they were supposedly arriving. I was also hoping to wear them for a teaching contract I had, which is now over as well. Funded April 11th, Estimated Delivery May 2014, Current date July 6th. -- I'm definitely irked but I'm still rooting for you Chase. Sent a message to Chase today, hoping one of us hears something back soon! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. It may be possible that he needed the extra funding from the other new project in able to afford selling the shoes for so cheap - the combination of the two being the actual bulk order he needed. If so the other project was funded on the 4th of June with an estimated delivery sometime July. I believe we must also expect our shoes to arrive sometime this month. Chase, please provide an update on the shipping whats going on with shipping? Just for back from a month in Ecuador and it took a day for it to hit me that something was missing in my pile of mail. When can we expect our shoes? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I don't think the shoes are shipped yet. He just received the boxes where they are going to be shipped in Same here still waiting Nope nothing yet has anyone received their shoes? Still waiting for that refund Chase. Is getting a refund a problem? I have been patiently waiting a month now. Can you fix this today? Regards This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Can we get an update on the status? Please? Apologies...stupid auto correct. Disregard my previous comment! I see there was an update posted. My app fizzes! 17 days ago you said an update was coming in a couple hours. It would be nice to hear the progress. how is it going.... sent you a message but no response Still waiting for that refund Chase, Please tell me why its not possible via Paypal if you cannot work out how to do it via Amazon payments? You did say you would have this sorted days ago. Cheers This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I'm so excited! When are they going to be ready! @Chase Is there an expected ship date yet? Have not received a reply back to my message sent yesterday Did you get all responses yet? This user's account has been deleted. Sorry, I'm sure this was posted but when should we get our shoes? Which shoe size chart should I use to get the right size? I have EU size 42. @chase - Which sample shoe is brown and which one is cognac? I'm looking at update #6 Hi Chase, excited that I just noticed that you do custom sizing. Can you go off the dimensions I listed in my survey rather that the sizes? I can try and resend it if that helps. This user's account has been deleted. Is option 1 pictured in Black? I wasn't sure because of the dual cloth types. Hi Chase, it seems like a lot of people, including me, have requested to see the shoes in all the colors, because without seeing them we would be ordering blindly. I have not seen a response to any of these comments, could you please let us know. Is there any way you can post photos of the shoes from the reverse angle? It would be nice to see 6-9 from the other side. I'd also like to see what each style looks like in each color, but I imagine that's impossible? "All other messages have been replied back to" - I've messaged you twice in the last week, as well as posted my question on this comment thread twice and you still haven't answered me. I can't fill out the survey if you don't respond. Hey Chase, I got a bad link that won't allow me to fill out the order form. Is it possible to get it resent to me or is there another way I should tell you? I did make another account on kickstarter with another email just so I could get 2 pairs of shoes, I am going to get them both sent to the same address. Can we see all the shoes in the colors that they are offered in? It's really hard to judge unless you are gonna pick a shoe and color combo already shown Can we please see photos of the styles in the 3 different colors Would really like to get the survey in today as requested, but I really need an answer on the sizing. is there some clear info about colors and numbers of style? Would it be possible to have photos in the style of of 1,2,5, and 10 for the other shoes? Usually I jump right on surveys, but I just need a bit more detail here, especially from 6-9. Are 7 and 8 more of a pebble grain (or at least more of a dull matte), versus the shinier 9? Or is that a trick of the light? Is 8 more of a Derby like 4, or an Oxford? I can't quite tell from the angle. If you cannot recreate that same style of photo, even a small description (style, shiny/smooth vs matte/pebble, etc) would go a long way. Don't want to hold things up forever, but I'm having a hard time choosing. Hi Chase, i have backed 3 pairs but the survey only has 1 line... please help. thanks! Just responded, cant wait. I saw the update with numbered styles. Brown and Black I can figure out, but what color is cognac? More info about sizing is definitely needed. Measurements would be the most help, but even a general comment on narrow or wide etc. would be helpful. need to know which style is which. Just sent you another message. First message was on the 4th, new one just now. Really just need to know how wide to expect the regular shoe sizes to be, and if a wide size is doable. (specifically sizes 12 and 13) Meant uk 10, not 19 Chase, if I select my uk size (11) you will see this as a us 11, which us a uk 19? My size is 10.5 and I want this style but I don't know fill out the blanks ... Which style is that ? <url>"Color?" and one line for "Style?" It sounds like that's not what you intended. Size guide for euro sizes please! Chase, there's nothing in your survey to indicate that the style choices are numbered somewhere else. I think you're going to have a whole lot of confused responses. (Including mine!) Plus, as I mentioned in my response, your survey doesn't make it easy to order multiple pairs. what are the names of the styles? I want the one in the second photo In the UK, I'm an 11, on international conversion charts, that makes me a US 12, is that how you work it out? @John tonight when the deadline passes you will get a survey where you choose colour and style I have just backed your kickstarter but it hasn't allowed me to choose size or colour. How do I go about doing this? Kind regards John Hi, i'm not sure of how many model there is and how many color. Could you be more specific ? Otherwise, great idea, they look superb ! Thanks Chase I haven't gotten the survey yet as well. Hello, Haven't gotten the survey email yet but I messaged you five days ago with a question over how wide the shoes are. If that's not covered in the survey can you message me back? Really can't fill out my order until you do. Thanks! Are you prepared to produce over 300 pairs of shoes?? How would these shoes fit on women? Thanks! @jesse "Standard sizes up to a US 13. EURO sizes too." Up to US 13. Chase, congrats on 20k can't wait Congrats on your 20k!! May I know what is the size range? The home page says up to 13 Euro but from what size? Euro size = UK? Please also provide US size. This user's account has been deleted. Assuming the worst (though hoping for the best, as the shoes look great), What will your return policy be for unsatisfied customers? I already backed for 2 pair, which I hope are comfortable enough to keep. Thanks. Since all sizes are different for each manufacture, will you provide a sizing measurement guide for your shoes? how to tell you what pair i want? (i'm first time baker) Kicktraq is saying you could go over $20.000 with this project, LOL! Any updates on the fb page? I told two friends about it and one has backed already and the other said he would. So I guess you can say, I'm a Chase Mason evangelist. :) Do I get commission? JK! I'm really excited about this! I got this for my husband (I know he's gonna love this), but he's a 10.5 in some shoes and 11 in others. What's the best way to figure out what size he will be in your shoes? I'm so excited to get my pair! I agree with Mr. Hernandez. If you could just put some numbers on the pictures of each of the styles for now that would be helpful. Keep up the great work Chase and thank you for bringing us affordable and awesome looking shoes! Making the shoes easier to identify maybe with a name or something and what colors they are available in. Me and 2 buddies are in for 3 pairs and cant wait. I had settled for one pair. Then, what they hey two! Now I'm getting three pairs after a near immediate response to my question from Mr. Varnado. If you aren't already getting more than one pair jump on the opportunity now! This is clearly someone who is set out to satisfy his customers. can you put more pictures .... Couldn't risk only having one pair of these. Had to increase my pledge to two pairs! AND FUNDED! Congrats! You got some great looking shoes there. Love the idea and designs. Congrats! Glad its going good. We should still meet up soon. Double buckle, cognac, going to be a snazzy pair of shoes. Yay! A hundred backers already! Congrats, this is going the right way! You should really put pictures of the shoes in its different colors if you are offering them so that people wont' think that it is just limited to black or can at least visualize how it will look in its other 2 colors