Code Hero is a game that teaches you how to make games so you can learn to code while you play with a Code Gun that shoots Javascript in Unity 3D! WE DID IT AND WE CAN DO IT AGAIN! WE HAVE 5 HOURS LEFT TO RAISE $200K! IF WE REACH 200 WE CAN MAKE CODE HERO AN MMO MULTIVERSE IN ADDITION TO SINGLE PLAYER! SPREAD THE WORD! Now's our chance to accelerate our momentum to reach $200K so we can add multiplayer! Let's front page Reddit today! Just hours left to make indie history with games that teach people how to make games. Here's the announcement video of what happens next (Don't miss the party invite!): Code Hero Hero's Kickstarter Victory party will be tomorrow Thursday night at 7PM in San Francisco. Pledge to receive directions as it is a private party and all backers can check the latest update to find information about the party! The Code Hero Army has outdone itself already and the next 39 hours will be our finest: Let us make indie crowd funding history together so that we can build the ultimate Code Hero! If we raise $200K, we can add Multiplayer! Code Hero's ultimate and most challenging feature to create is multiplayer. For this to be achievable, this Kickstarter cannot rest till the countdown strikes zero! Spreading the word to new backers and telling your backer friends you're upping your pledge level if you want awesomer rewards are both good ways to encourage growth! READ MORE ABOUT ADDING MULTIPLAYER AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR SPREADING THE WORD TODAY Read the UPDATES! We're on ALL the news! Join volunteer Code Hero Army to spread it! For international order please include $10 for shipping Code Hero Trailer 2: Operation FizzBoss Everyone Who Pledges Gets the Game Beta When you pledge, you get immediate access to create your account and download the Code Hero game beta. You can try it today and tell your friends to pledge to get their accounts and help fund the development of the full game. Start playing and learning. You'll get the latest versions each time they are released with improvements that your pledge helps fund! This is your code gun! Shoot code to execute it on the target on impact. Copy, tweak and write code to alter the 3D world from the inside out. To move a platform down, shoot hitObject.transform.position.y-=2; Enter the World of Code as a Primer Labs Game Tester and enroll in the mysterious Gamebridge Unityversity to learn enough to challenge FizzBoss! Master the secrets of Codefoo to defeat the devious coding challenges of the FizzBosses FizzBoss is the first test of your code knowledge combining the Javascript and Unity game programming that you learn. ShipBoss ultimately challenges you to make a game of your own to earn a place as a Shipped Officer on the Real Artists Ship! JobBoss tests your ability to do advanced challenges that could get you job interviews with top game companies! Master the Unity3D game engine from the inside out to make games of your own and master the full stack to become the next code hero! What you learn to make with Unity The Unity game engine that Code Hero teaches you how to code in is the ultimate indie game development powerhouse. You can use Javascript, C#, and Python-like Boo to write games that run on everything: Mac, Windows, iOS, Android, XBox 360, Playstation 3, Wii, Web player, Flash, Native Client... You can put what you make into the App Stores and have your creations for sale to start your own indie game company! Master the Unity3D game engine from the inside out to make games of your own and become the next code hero! Who We Are I'm Alex Peake the founder of Primer Labs and I've spent the last year building Code Hero as an indie game with the Primer Labs team so you could play it. I've taken it as far as I can on my own and I need your help to make Code Hero the game that can turn you into a game programmer. i have some of the most talented people in the world ready to work on this to take it way beyond what I could do by myself. What we need funding to do Most games cost millions of dollars to make. Code Hero is more ambitious than most games. Code Hero is carefully designed to be achievable for much less money by having 4 programmers and 2 artists work for six months to predict a carefully planned new kind of game that is made possible by the quality of these people, the brilliance of the Unity game engine and the release of each version so you can help us improve it continuously. The New Artist Code Hero's new led artist is Gizmo of Farbrausch demo crew and Gamebrausch Studios, a legend amongst creatives who has produced tech that was often 5 years ahead of the commercial game industry such as Kkrieger, a Doom 3-level engine and game in 95K. The Coder Challenge: Kickstart Your Game Making! Make your own game and make something awesome to submit to kickstarter yourself! We'll send a Primer Labs lab coat to everyone who posts their game on Kickstarter! The 1 K12 Code Hero School Challenge Give your children more than a game: Give their whole school programming peers that will engage and inspire each other. A parent, teacher, student, administrator or entrepreneurial youth can pledge to give a school of their choosing a special school-wide Code Hero access. All their students will receive school accounts for Code Hero. Teachers will be trained by the Code Hero team to be able to mentor students who can mentor each other. Code Hero School will feature advanced metrics and collaborative gameplay that will allow teachers to integrate it into making projects for every subject and class in the school. Art classes can produce game art for history projects that become simulated historical worlds with math class showing how engineering created disruptive new industries that economics class analyzes for modern parallels [HINT HINT]. Check out Hack The Future and Unityversity to see how we teach large groups of kids already to make and present games on their first day. PETITIONERS WELCOME. You can pledge at this level to petition your school to try it: Call them, ask them if they will accept it on behalf of all their students. This doesn't require a school approval process or a strategy session: It just opens the door for a new kind of education through games that kids actually want and enjoy! UNCONDITIONAL GIVING: If you can't get a school to accept, you can give it directly to the students of the school to form a Code Club to provide the power of one good example: a school where every student can code fluently and create games as group projects as easily as presentation poster boards and science fair exhibits. Every state needs at least one representative that will take up the Code Year challenge to show there is no state that is not ready to become an economic powerhouse, that there is no district that can't emulate Silicon Valley, and that there is no school that can't become a flourishing entrepreneurial hotbed of student-created startups! Testers Trying Code Hero Here are two of our first testers to try the beta in their own words. They had played just a cakeslice of what we were buiding, but they made us realize immediately that Code Hero makes sense to people who have played Portal and Minecraft, two of our favorite games. We think in the future, every school will buy an educational bundle through Steam for Education with a Minecraft for Schools / Portal Science / Code Hero package. We'd love to talk to Mojang and other edutech games about collaborating in schools! Steampunk Computing: Babbage & Lovelace One of the worst investment decisions in human history was cutting funding to the inventors of computers, Charles Babbage and Ada Lovelace. Computers turned out to be a pretty keen idea after all, yet less than 1% of humans can code. Code Hero includes steampunk missions where you help Ada and Charles Babbage construct a 3D replica of the Difference Engine whose replica is actually built and working in its entirety at the Computer Histroy Museum. Giving everyone the gift of code literacy is the first step towards investing in our creativity and setting ourselves free to invent the future! Alex at Humanity+ @Caltech: As we make game AIs to be our machine mentors teaching us to make better game AIs, what happens when we make machines that make us make them make us into them? Thank you for your support! You can find more details about Code Hero on our site: <url>{ Smashes( dollars * days * days * viral ); } (NOTE: You get to PLAY the beta now by pledging & make it a success! If it isn't funded you get refunded so there's no reason not to pledge!) From the project coordinator: GOODBYES Hi everyone, I'm sad to tell you that I'm leaving the project, so this will be the last update from me. I hope that I was able to provide at least a little more communication during this time, though I know a lot of questions weren't answered. I'm glad to have gotten to know some of you and I'm sorry I wasn't able to provide more of those answers. Further updates will be up to Alex to arrange. On to the update I had prepared: CODE Developing games for multiple OS's is a challenge under the best of circumstances and for quite a while the only computers available to develop on were Macs. That meant that a lot of functionality couldn't be tested on Windows and a lot of functionality didn't work as intended on the Windows version of the game. Now a Windows system is available to develop on, some of those disparities are being worked on. The first priorities were the code editor hot key and the dialogue display, both key to a smoother and more accessible gaming experience. Up till now the tilde key, used to access the code editor quickly, couldn't do its job. Now, though it needs more work, the code editor can be called up using that hot key in the Windows OS version of Code Hero. The hot key was implemented differently in several places and has been unified to work more consistently. The dialogue text displayed along with the voiced instructions was skipping numerous lines on Windows, due to certain characters being illegal in Windows file names. With the updated file naming conventions, all the voice audio should work equally well on both platforms. Another key area that needs to be worked on is the code itself. A big part of working with a team is building the code in such a way that other people can more easily understand and work with existing code. Inevitably in the first rush of developing a product or a feature, a lot is written - the basic skeleton, working theories, experiments, new methodology. At that time it's not productive to stop and organize everything you do. There's some structure of course, but the methodology to be used is still in flux and the underlying cohesive thrust is only in its infancy. Once things start to settle into a pattern the excess code can be cleaned up and organized into a more readable order/structure/organization. Unfortunately, there often isn't time to do so, which can work for a while, but when teams change members, the code base becomes less maintainable and adding new features without breaking old things can become an issue. It becomes impossible to track down bugs, to fix old features, implement new ones, or to simply move forward with the project. In between working on new code and fixing bugs, one of the things we've started working on is that process. One way to improve the situation is documenting the code - doing such things as writing comments, sometimes with special Doxygen XML-like formats, that clarify what the intention of different pieces of code are, thus the call for those interested working on code documentation. The largest script in Code Hero is NGUIMaster. It is the current focus and we're glad to say that our first foray into cleaning up its regions and documenting it is going well. It's tedious work, but hopefully it will let the team work more cohesively and more efficiently, as well as easing the entry of those who join us in the future. Thank you everyone and, again, I’m glad to have gotten to know you. From the project coordinator: PICS TO STUDY We can’t give you the data, but here are a few pics from a study done yesterday at a Portland public school with 22 sixth graders: UPDATES I’m sad to say that I’m probably not going to be able to update as regularly or as often, but even though you may not hear from us as often we’ll still be working on Code Hero and moving forward with development. Thank you for your kind words of support and your good wishes! From the Project Coordinator: CODE We’re working hard to make the mission system’s internals as efficient to develop with as the brain interface user experience is for exploring the levels. We’ve rewritten the dialogue manager code to prepare it for further work. We’re also trying to turn down the volume of the game in general, though our audio sources are somewhat scattered, so this will have to be done piecemeal as we find them. PILOT STUDIES We are continuing working with Pixel Arts and meanwhile have confirmed another study session with a public school in Portland. They’re very interested in technology, but currently have very little technology support. We’ll be working with their sixth grade Technology class and hope to start in early March. Frustratingly enough, we won’t be able to tell you many details about what’s going on in the pilot studies themselves until after they’re done. That’s how it goes with this kind of research in general - information isn’t made available till all the data has been gathered and assessed. That means that even after the studies themselves are completed, the information has to be compiled and considered before we can communicate about it more specifically. Despite that, it’s very exciting to be working towards putting what we have into observed practice and seeing what comes out of it. SCIENCE! WEBSITE We’re working on collecting in-game images in our efforts to build up the website. If any of you have any views you find particularly striking, use your computer’s screen capturing commands to take a picture and send them in to us at <email> , or just tell us where in Code Hero they are. If you send us a name or nickname that you would like associated with the image, we’ll tag it with that name if we use it. If you need help figuring out how to take a screenshot with your computer, let us know and we’ll try to walk you through it. Remember that you can chat on IRC for help too. Thank you everyone for your words of encouragement, and for celebrating our achievements with us! From the Project Coordinator: TEAM Elizabeth LaPensée ( <url>ée also brings eight years of industry and academic experience as a game designer, writer, and researcher. She is excited about Code Hero as an out-of-the-box solution to teaching programming and providing access to Unity. She will work closely with Pixel Arts and use the results of the pilot studies to guide next steps in design. She’s experienced, enthusiastic, and has some great insights to offer us. CODE Our current design discussions have focused on how to better guide the player along a path of learning and how to implement rewards and the achievement system in a way that will help guide and motivate a player through the stages of learning, giving them more feedback on their progress as they gain game-building skills. The three stages of feedback that we’re discussing targeting are granular, sustained, and cumulative feedback. A few smaller things have been added but here’s the meat of what’s been coded: Using preexisting assets and some new code, Alex has implemented a path that the player walks along while inside that Code Hero brain you see when you get achievements. The player reaches nodes at which they are transported to different levels, each with a set of missions (as you’ve seen). Until one node has been completed, the next node can’t be reached and once a node has been completed, it can be reactivated at any time for another playthrough. Thanks so much for all your support and feedback, we love to hear from you! From the Project Coordinator: Sorry guys, I completely spaced on posting yesterday. On with news. PILOT STUDIES Pilot studies in the last week that involved feedback from educators have helped us focus in on how Code Hero can supplement and replace curriculum in schools. We believe in reaching many spaces, including public schools, after-school programs, libraries, hackerspaces, and homes. The pilot studies are helping to inform how we can best fit in these diverse spaces. Thank you for your support and especially to Pixel Arts as we move forward with pilot studies that involve youth players in the next two weeks. T-SHIRTS There has been a delay with the shirts this past week. They’re still being worked on and you can still change your order and address on the survey, but unfortunately they won’t be sent out yet. We’ll try to keep you updated on progress. As we said, we didn’t want to promise dates until things were actually on their way and this is one example of why we’ve tried to keep to that. SERVER CONCERNS There was a comment on last week’s update posted by Aaron Burke about the user’s settings. He brought up the concern that servers aren’t always reliable. I had described the way in which settings would be saved on the servers, but had not included the information that they would also be saved on the user’s computer, so I wanted to assure you that the settings and achievements that are linked with the user’s profile will be available even when not connected to the server. Thank you everyone for your comments and feedback, we really appreciate your support and involvement! From the Project Coordinator: STUDIES SCHEDULED Pixel Arts ( <url>’m pretty sure it’ll just be a lot better to paste some blurbs he said to me almost word for word. Any inaccuracies are my own: We’ve been making a player settings system that will sync settings across computers by storing them on our servers. It's neat because this is a nice feature for the users but it is also going to be nice for the developers. We won't need to worry about creating database columns or adding properties to the right places. We can just start using the player settings as if they always existed and store almost any object we want there. Saving and downloading levels was a feature that we carried over from the last version of the website and ported. Along with that, though, we are getting a more flexible system that we can build on for curriculum or packages of levels, achievements and more detailed classification of levels so we can build better tools to connect players with levels and programming concepts they might be interested in, as well as bring user-authored levels to the attention of the players. Some light technical details about porting the web service for those who are interested: We’re porting the web service over to ASP.NET wich means we had to recreate the MySQL database as an MS SQL database. We then went on to rewrite the data-access, replacing stored procedures with EntityFramework. As we were doing this we were also enhancing the functionality to support some of the new features we are working on in the game. Right now he’s building the data structure in the database for the settings in the database. IN CONCLUSION As ever, we continue to make our way through offers of assistance. Thank you for working with us to help Code Hero become a reality. Thank you to all our supporters and to everyone giving us feedback on the current beta, it’s energizing to hear about your experiences. From the Project Coordinator: T-SHIRTS First and most importantly, and I apologize for leaving this out before - If anyone wanted a different size than those that were listed in the survey, please message us with your information and we will update your order. Secondly, and quite happily, we have put the past and present survey data together and have sent a request for an estimate for the T-shirts, which is good because I’ve already spent well over 30 hours on this worksheet. If I ever get the time I might write a short book about the experience. I’d start now, but I’m pretty sure it’s not over. SURVEY Since we’re going to keep the survey open indefinitely, you won’t be able to go back and edit your previous entry. If you need to update your information just fill out the survey again. The way we’ve set things up this will most easily ensure that we’ll be able to keep up to date with your most current information. The google form continues to get a great response, thank you to everyone who has submitted a survey. We’ve continued to work on getting in contact with those people whose information has been unclear, either past or present. We’ve gotten back some responses, so those should help keep the process moving. OPENING CODE HERO ON MACS It’s been brought to our attention that some of the newer Mac systems refuse to open Code Hero, that a window pops up citing “unidentified developer” as a problem. One way to get around this is to right-click on the Code Hero app that you have downloaded and select “Open” from the menu that is activated. OTHER Through conversations with some people, we’ve realized that because we want to avoid promising things we do not yet have you guys haven’t been able to see all the effort we’re putting in on other fronts. Efforts are being put in on other fronts. We’ll see if there are ways we can come up with to give a fuller image of what’s going on without being misleading. We’ve gotten a lot of messages of encouragement and support and we appreciate every word. If we could, we’d send a message to every one of you thanking you for boosting our spirits. Thank you also to those that have been stepping forward to volunteer through <email>. We’re continuing to get in touch with people as we can and you’re all on our minds. From the Project Coordinator: VOLUNTEERS As we've been able, we've been talking to those that have offered their help on the project. Apologies to those who we haven’t gotten to yet. We're sorry the process is so slow, but I'd like to reassure you again that we've got you in our thoughts and on the to do list. So far we've got offers for help in QA, programming, community management, system administration and more. If there are those of you at all interested (or just willing) to work on documentation and unit testing, we would love to hear from you. Documentation and testing are usually the last thing people want to spend time on, but with such a number of collaborators they're a big part of making this kind of project work. The time put into this work is invaluable. T-SHIRTS SURVEYS We got a ton of information, thank you to everyone who filled out a survey. We're now working on some spreadsheet magic and some manual magic to translate that data into orders and shipping. Considering that we're going to do t-shirts in batches and that people's addresses are probably going to change in that time, we're going to change our approach a little. The google survey is going to remain open indefinitely. If your address or order information changes between now and when your t-shirt is ordered and sent, you should go to the google survey and fill it out with the new information. When your t-shirt is ordered, you will be notified. After that point we won't be able to implement any changes you make. I know we didn't mention this before, but please try to enter the same e-mail address each time , ideally the e-mail to which the survey was sent. Either that, or your accurate Kickstarter username. If all the information you enter is new, we don't have a way to match it up with the old information. Lastly, we've gotten some queries asking about unreceived emails and surveys from some backers in lower brackets. Unfortunately, the pledge level at which you receive a t-shirt is $42 and up, "Elite Collector's Edition". Anyone below that bracket will not be receiving an e-mail with a link to the survey. Thank you for all your help and feedback. When we’re faced with the 6th iteration of an 11 sheet (and counting) workbook, your support lifts our spirits. Hi everyone, my name’s Michelle and I’m the new Project Coordinator for Code Hero. I’ve got one item for you today. T-SHIRT SURVEYS We have sent out all the T-shirt surveys to all the backer brackets that included a T-shirt as a reward. Kickstarter will only let a project send one survey to each group of backers, so for those of you in the $42 bracket, we’ve sent you all e-mails with a link to a google form that will help us re-gather your T-shirt information. If you don’t see the e-mail in your inbox, please check your spam folder or any folders into which you may have filtered the e-mail. If you don’t want a T-shirt, please still go to the form. There is an choice on the survey to opt out of getting a T-shirt. If you choose that option, you will be taken off the original list from the previous survey. If you do want a T-shirt, even if you filled out the previous survey and even if you e-mailed us a change of address or order, please do fill out the form. If we can get everyone's information in one place, it will be a lot faster to process that information and a lot less prone to error. The T-shirts people want will be able to go out sooner and with fewer mistakes. If we do not hear from you, we will use the information we currently have for you to send your T-shirt. We will do our best to account for the changes of address that people e-mailed to us. It would still help us and your fellow Kickstarter backers greatly if you could go to the google form and fill out that survey. We’re going to keep the google form available for two weeks from this past Sunday. That is, the last day to fill out or change the form will be January 12th . Some of the earlier e-mails stated the date to be earlier than that, but we didn’t plan for the fact that we were only able to send out small batches of e-mails within each 24 hr period, so the date has been extended. A lot of people seem to be having trouble finding their Kickstarter username . Here is how to find it: 1. Sign into Kickstarter 2. In the top right hand corner, you'll see your profile pic and the word "Me" next to it. Click on that, it offers a drop down menu. 3. On the drop down menu, in the left-most column, is the option "My profile" (it's the second option on the list). Click on that and it will show you your Kickstarter username. Thank you to everyone participating in the surveys, we really appreciate you taking the time to fill out that information. At long last, some news: With one more survey Code Hero t-shirts can start shipping, and we have a new beta release with a new level. Making a game that teaches people how to make games is taking longer to make than we bargained for and we’re deeply sorry for the delays. The development of Code Hero has faced setbacks: We ran out of funding and lost our paid staff, and since that time we worked unpaid on Code Hero, making ends meet and raising funds to fulfill backer rewards. Our communication has been spotty and our progress slow, but we continue working on Code Hero to turn the technology and content we built into a complete game. We have a long way to go, but we are recruiting a team to finish the game and working on fulfilling the rewards Code Hero promised. We still face many challenges. We are without funding and working as volunteers. We need to fill many team roles to reach full strength again, and we don’t know how long it will take to find people passionate about the project with time to work on it unpaid. We have a track record of missed delivery dates and long communication silences to change, so we’re not going to start by promising new shipping or release dates until we have something to ship. We are working on figuring out everything, from design to refunds to rewards to funding, but we’re not going to post any dates till we’re sure we can deliver, e.g. till things are in the mail. We are going to attempt to have updates when we can, but they may not be regular. We have three news items: NEWS 1. Alex has raised money to purchase and ship backers their Code Hero T-shirts. 2. We’ve begun recruiting a new developer team, starting with a new project coordinator and programmer. As part of that, we’re making a call out to volunteers who want to help (see the Careers page) . 3. Beta Release 0.2 with the new Spinning Cube level T-SHIRTS We are going to work on fulfilling one reward category at a time. Currently we are working to get your Code Hero shirts made. When we first surveyed you we offered black or white without a non-black color. We think that was a mistake. White t-shirts wear out quickly, so we’re offering an electric blue color alternative that will last longer. Since people weren’t given the blue option before, we think a lot of you will want the blue one instead. Many of you have moved as well and we’ve been able track some changes of address, but we’re concerned we’ve missed some, so we are asking for you to reconfirm your shirt size, color, and address. No worries, anyone who filled out a survey previously will receive a t-shirt whether or not they complete the new survey based on their old survey answers and any updates we’ve been able to catch. As soon as we have people’s information, we can start ordering and shipping shirts. We will aim for batches of about 500 shirts. RECRUITING At our peak, Code Hero had 10 paid developers working full-time on the project. We’re rebuilding the team now as volunteers. If you’re interested in helping make Code Hero we’d like to hear from you. We’re not just looking for game development skills, we’re looking for help in many areas. Take a look at the Careers page to see what specific roles might fit your skills and write to us at <email>. We have a new Project Coordinator who will be helping organize volunteers and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can. BETA RELEASE 0.2 Code Hero Beta 0.2 starts in a Lobby level with doors to the first four beta-quality levels, Code Ray, Transform, Javascript and, now, Spinning Cube. Spinning Cube is a new level that showcases component code editing, which gives you the power to create game objects that run your code continuously. The level introduces this functionality and once you finish making the cube spin in Code Hero, the next room shows the still under-development web browser window inside the game that in future will help you download Unity3D to apply what you’ve learned in-game with the full Unity editor. A lot of work went into the component editor to get it ready for this update and there’s a lot of work remaining to complete this bridge experience so that Code Hero players can learn to make real games with Unity using skills learned in the game. The full Gamebridge campus is also back with a few new things in it. Check out the Historium and try your hand at beating FizzBoss. Our new programmer is building a new server architecture for the game and Version 0.2 has the first piece, a new login system. We’ll be testing it a bit longer before rolling out access. For the time being, everyone can try 0.2 by clicking Guest Mode. Go here to download Code Hero 0.2 THANK YOU This is going to be a bumpy road and it is going to take time. We will make mistakes, but we will keep plugging away at this till we’ve done what we set out to do. Thanks to all of your support, we have built the core of a game that teaches people how to make games. Now we’re rebuilding the team to polish that core into a full game. We are very sorry that it has been so rough and that we’ve let you down. As we can, we will be responding to the numerous questions and concerns backers have in an in-depth look at what went wrong, but right now we are concentrating our efforts on making things right, building the team, developing the game, and delivering rewards. T-shirts are a first step. We haven’t fulfilled our responsibilities to you yet, but by the end of this we’re going to have something awesome to give to the world. Code Hero August Update It has been a while since our last update and some were concerned when our site went down but we're back online with a beta preview release to show you some of the levels in the upcoming Code Hero Beta. We've been working hard on getting the game ready, and we need to work just as hard on communicating better with our backers. We're now resuming weekly updates. You'll hear from us regularly about the progress of the beta and we want to hear from you about what you think of the new game levels. Site back online &amp; under restoration The primerlabs.com site was down and redirected incorrectly to a different site. It is now back online and under maintenance as we restore users and content. We’ll have the full site back up with the upcoming beta release. The Code Hero Beta Preview The beta is coming along and In the interest of giving you more frequent looks at how it is shaping up, we’ve prepared a first beta preview release so you can play two new levels in the game: Download Code Hero Beta Preview The Beta has streamlined level design with achievements to track what you learn. It gets right into the syntax of Javascript to help you solve puzzles and beat FizzBoss. You’ll learn how to create objects and attach scripts to build games with tools that mirror Unity. It then launches the full Unity editor so you can try what you learned and it connects directly to Unity’s online tutorials to get you ready to make your own games. Download it, try it and tell us what you think! If you want to learn Unity now and get ready for Code Hero's beta release, check out Unity's official tutorials at Unity Learn. Here's two screenshots showing the Transforming and Javascript levels in the beta preview: Transforming 101 Javascript 101 We hope you enjoy the beta preview and we'll be back next week with another update. Your path to become a code hero takes you from playing games to making them. We're developing a guide to learning Unity game programming to smooth that transition. This should help you take your next steps to applying the skills taught in the game to making real games of your own. The Unityversity page now features this guide to going from game playing to game making with Unity. It has links to our Unity 101 tutorial and some new interactive tutorials from Coding Jar that you can download. Click here to read the Unityversity guide to learning Unity Code Hack #2: A Physics-based car We've also added a second code ray hack demonstrating how the code ray can create a car with rolling wheel physics. Click here to try it out in your code ray . In the coming weeks, we'll explain how to write code to remote control your car. Coming Soon: the overhauled Javascript level teaches the programming language syntax itself in a more engaging way than before, completing the training players need to reliably master Javascript and beat FizzBoss. Read the full news post and more details on Primer Labs It's been a year since Code Hero's kickstarter and we're releasing a new build with a redesigned Code Ray 101 orientation level to introduce players to the code ray mechanics and code editing. When you start the game and enter Gamebridge, you can reach the new Code Ray 101 level from the entry hall or the Unityscript cube in the Library during the tour. This is the first step towards overhauling the whole beginner experience for players to learn how to manipulate code and the Javascript, Transform.position, and GameObject levels will get the same treatment in upcoming updates. You can download the new version now and learn more about the Code Ray 101 level: <url>’ll be detailing some of the “hacks” I came up with, with complete functional code and an explanation of what each line of code does. I hope this will inspire you to try your own “hacks” and get you exploring in the massively open world of Code Hero. The first “hack” I’ll be showing you is actually a simple modification of the code provided in one of the training areas of Code Hero, the GameObject level's staircase room reached inside the Unity cube of the Library. We’ll be creating a spiral staircase in this version, with shiny, alternating colored stairs. Here's what it looks like: So, let’s dive in. var stairHeight = 200; var newYRotate =0; var newZPos = 0; This section defines the variables used later in the script. stairHeight - The number of steps to be generated. newYRotate - The transform.rotation of the next step to be created. newZPos - The transform.position.z of the next step to be created. var centralSup : GameObject = GameObject.CreatePrimitive(PrimitiveType.Cylinder); Creates a new GameObject, and sets it up to be a Primitive 3D object, a cylinder. This will be our central pillar supporting the stairs. centralSup.transform.localScale = Vector3(5, stairHeight, 5); This line changes the transform.scale of the central pillar. The cylinder will be circular, and uses the stairHeight variable(# of stairs) to determine how high the pillar should be. centralSup.renderer.material.shader = Shader.Find(' Glossy'); centralSup.renderer.material.SetColor ("_SpecColor", Color.red); centralSup.renderer.material.color = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f); The first line here sets the shader of the material to “Glossy” which means it will be shiny. The second line sets the Specular Color to Red, making the shininess appear Red. The third line sets the base color of the cylinder to Black. The overall effect you will see will be a black pillar anywhere the pillar isn’t being hit directly by light, and red wherever it is hit directly be light. centralSup.transform.position = hit.point; This line positions our new cylinder to be the location the code ray hit. Usually, this is somewhere on the floor. for ( i = 0; i &lt; stairHeight; i++) { Obviously we don’t want to go through the work of creating each stair manually, that would be a lot of code. Instead, we will use a loop to do the work for us. In this case, since we know how many steps we want, we’ll use a For Loop. The first part i = 0; creates an Incrementor variable that starts at 0. The second part, i &lt; stairHeight; tells the loop when it should run; this says, run while the incrementor variable is less than the stairHeight variable, which is the number of steps. The last part, i++ tells the loop how much to increase the incrementor variable by every time the loop runs. In this case, we want it to increase by 1. So, this loop will run 200 times, starting at 0, and ending at 199, stepping up by one each time. That’s 200 Stairs var step : GameObject = GameObject.CreatePrimitive(PrimitiveType.Cube); Just like when we created the central pillar from a 3D primitive, now we create the stairs from a 3D primitive, this time a cube. This line of code is inside the loop, so it will run 200 times, creating 200 total stairs. step.transform.position = hit.point; Just like with the cylinder, this sets the transform.position of the stairs. step.transform.position.y+=i; Without this line of code, we would have a giant support pillar, and what would look like a circular platform at the bottom of it. This line increases the height of each step by using our incrementor variable. Step 1 is 1 high, Step 10 is 10 high, and Step 200 is 200 high. This ensures each new stair is equally distant from the previous one. step.transform.Rotate(0,newYRotate,0); Without this line, we would have one giant pillar with fins sticking out along the length of the pillar. This line rotates each step around the central pillar, using the variable newYRotate. We rotate around the Y axis, increasing the amount of rotation for each new step every time the loop executes. step.renderer.material.shader = Shader.Find(' Glossy'); step.renderer.material.SetColor ("_SpecColor", Color.red); These two lines setup the shader type and Specular color for the stairs. Glossy and Red, just like the pillar if(i%2==0){ step.renderer.material.color = new Color(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f); }else{ step.renderer.material.color = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f); } This block of code, an IF Statement, decides what color each stair should be, alternating between black and white. Let me explain how it works. The first line if(i%2==0) is asking if the incrementor variable i is an even number. If it is, it sets the color of the stair to White. Otherwise, it sets the stair color to Black. The % symbol is known as Modulus, and when used, returns the remainder of division. If the remainder is 0, i is an even number. If it is ANYTHING else, i is an odd number. You can read i%2 as “remainder of the value of i divided by 2.” step.transform.localScale += Vector3(20,.2,1); This line sets the transform.localScale of the stairs. newYRotate+=15; This line increases the Y rotation for each stair by 15 each time the loop runs. This means each stair will be 15 degrees higher than the previous. And that’s it. We create a central pillar, which is really just there for looks. We generate the stairs using a loop, and we change the color of each step using an if statement with a modulus. These are some extremely powerful programming concepts that you will use regularly when coding, so keep them in mind, they’ll definitely be useful to you. I hope this has been educational and interesting to you, and I hope you go try this out in Code Hero. Moreover, I would like to see some of you make some improvements. Maybe add a handrail; these steps are easy to fly off when you’re running up and down them. Maybe start the rotation of the stairs on the edge of the stair, rather than the middle. Change the step height to be more natural. Or, do something completely different. This was the first challenge I taught my students to do, and we'll be sharing many more. Please feel free to email me at <email> with your own hack. If it’s cool, maybe we’ll feature your work in a future update. Last week's update and Alpha 3 focused on providing the FizzBoss challenge to test Unityscript algorithm and manipulation skills taught in the game. Next week's update will be the 1 year anniversary of Code Hero's Kickstarter and it will come with Code Hero Alpha 4. Alpha 4's focus is on teaching code skills step-by-step so every beginner who plays will be able to master the skills to beat FizzBoss. It starts with a new Orientation level that introduces how to use the code ray and a new Unityscript level to teach the Javascript programming language itself. Here's a peek at the new Orientation level coming soon: Here's the complete code of the above example for easier copy-pasting into the Code Ray editor. To access the Code Ray in-game, press the tile/backquote `~ key between tab and escape, paste this code into the text box, and hit `~ again to save and close the editor. Then point at the ground somewhere and see what happens: //Vars var stairHeight = 200; var newYRotate =0; var newXPos = 0; var newZPos = 0; //Central Support Cylinder var centralSup : GameObject = GameObject.CreatePrimitive(PrimitiveType.Cylinder); centralSup.transform.localScale = Vector3(5, stairHeight, 5); centralSup.renderer.material.shader = Shader.Find(' Glossy'); centralSup.renderer.material.SetColor ("_SpecColor", Color.red); centralSup.renderer.material.color = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f); centralSup.transform.position = hit.point; //Step generation. Set staircase height with stairHeight Var. for ( i = 0; i &lt; stairHeight; i++) { var step : GameObject = GameObject.CreatePrimitive(PrimitiveType.Cube);var rail : GameObject = GameObject.CreatePrimitive(PrimitiveType.Cube);step.transform.position = hit.point;//diagonalsstep.transform.position.y+=i; //diagonalsstep.transform.Rotate(0,newYRotate,0);step.renderer.material.shader = Shader.Find(' Glossy');step.renderer.material.SetColor ("_SpecColor", Color.red); //Alternate Step Color if(i%2==0){ step.renderer.material.color = new Color(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f); }else{ step.renderer.material.color = new Color(0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f); } step.transform.localScale += Vector3(20,.2,1); rail.transform.localScale += Vector3(1,3,1); newYRotate+=15; } This is the first of our now weekly Code Hero updates and it comes with a new build, Code Hero Alpha 3. We'll be updating every Monday and posting new builds with big update on the first every month. We'll put out incremental builds like this one with as many of those updates as possible. Alpha 3's focus is on on improving Labyrinth, FizzBoss and Login. Better step-by-step blinking instructions in the Labyrinth mission that starts your tour towards shipping your first game Restored and improved FizzBoss challenge for you to test your Unityscript programming skills against. The FizzBoss briefing Ada gives you has been improved by allowing her to answer questions the player may have about different aspects of the challenge. This lets you get as few or as many hints as you may need We'll expand on the Briefing hint questions to make them more comprehensive and reflective of the questions our players have in tackling this first major programming test. You can play using Guest Mode if you have any problems with login. Login should work using the account name that you have on the PrimerLabs site under <url>’s been the most active developer of innovative hacks and creations since the very first Code Hero prototype A word from Code Hero’s new community manager, Shaun Hansel: I taught students how to code in Java for several years, and I had been using games as a teaching device, to keep students interested and engaged. When I learned about Code Hero, downloaded and played the prototype, I was floored. It was a genius idea, and I just wanted to see it completed. I installed the prototype version on some of the computers at the school, and had my Computer Science students play it. They loved the idea, and had a great time trying to do things the game wasn’t intended to do. Genius. After playing through the prototype, I hit the website and read everything I could about it and the company, and there I learned about Unity. I downloaded a copy and went through the tutorials on the Primer website, and learned how to load a level. Hey, Code Hero has levels, and it was made in Unity, so... Code Hero was the reason I decided to learn how to use Unity. My original goal in learning Unity was to be able to better hack Code Hero, and make it do things it wasn’t meant to do, like drive cars or play Pong. I’m still very excited about Code Hero, and because of it, I’m working on a few of my own games in Unity now. With my bio out of the way, I’ll get down to business. I will be working with Primer as the new Community Manager. Primarily I will be focusing on keeping lines of communication clear, both from Kickstarter Backers and fans, as well as from the Code Hero team. I will be working toward making the Primer Forums a central line of communication to and from the community. I will also be monitoring the Kickstarter comments and the Facebook Code Hero Army pages, and will ensure everyone receives the same information and response to questions in a timely and regular manner. While we wait for the next version to come out, I highly recommend you download the latest version and play around with it. Maybe download Unity, read some tutorials, learn some Unityscript, and come prepared for the next version. - Shaun Hansel, <email> Questions &amp; Answers We're adding a summary of the answers to questions people have asked us here. We'll continue to add to the Q&amp;A and summarize the whole plan for going forward as best we can. We realize that these answers may not be enough for some, and we're not going to be able to make everybody happy until we deliver the game after a lot more hard work and perseverance. You may still have doubts about our chances of success, but we whill not waver in our commitment to finishing this project and creating an awesome game about making games. All we ask is the patience and support to continue our mission and finish the job because however difficult it is and however long it takes, Code Hero is going to make learning to code easier and faster and the work and time will be worth it for all the lives it can change when it is complete. How we began I began developing Code Hero on my own in January of 2011. I hired some programmer friends to help me make more progress and we built a playable game prototype. The Original Prototype The original prototype was a short but playable game with a code ray that shot javascript and executed it upon the thing you hit. It taught the Javascript syntax, GameObject.CreatePrimitive and .Destroy, and Transform.position with Portal-like puzzles, and it challenged the player to beat FizzBoss, a test of programming skill. The plan to expand Code Hero into a full game The original code ray puzzle solving was a gamer-friendly way to teach players to manipulate objects with code, but to teach players how to put together their own worlds required a way to create and edit objects and attach code to them. This required building an interface for editing, loading and saving Unity game levels. To do this required much more sophisticated programming and design than the original code raycasting prototype, and we knew we needed to raise money to do that. Our plan to finish the game with the Kickstarter funding we had We narrowed the game’s goals down to 3 things that players would be introduced to by Ada Lovelace in a tour of the Gamebridge Unityversity world: 1. The Arcade: Playing Labyrinth levels that you can hack from within to introduce how games work and playing user-created games made by other players. 2. The Library: Unityscript puzzle levels that teach and test your mastery of Unity programming concepts, with levels for each of the core classes. 3. The Shipyard: The ability to create user-generated levels and share them with other players online. We wanted players to be able to get used to the powerful level-editing and programming tools of Unity within a fun and safe game environment so they could take their skills directly into real Unity game development. This was our plan to expand the original prototype into a fully fledged game to teach game programming. The Kickstarter We launched the Kickstarter in January 2012 with a $100,000 goal. The Kickstarter ended on February 23, 2012. In the last 10 days we went from We raised $170,954. We finally had the resources to build it. Kickstarter charged 5% while Amazon charged 3-5% for credit card processing fees. After fees, we had about $153K to work with. We estimated costs of making and shipping all physical rewards at about $30,000, which left us about $123K for development costs. Our first priority was to hire more programmers and artists to get the game built. Team leader Alex Peake was already doing code, art, music, design, writing, and so on. We hired a producer, an instructional designer, 3 Unity programmers and 2 artists for the game itself, plus 3 web developers for the site’s design, Drupal development, server administration and core C# level upload/download backend. Everyone on the project worked for low rates to make the money last and help the project we all believed in succeed. To make it work on a low budget, 6 of us became roommates in the cheapest place we could find near Noisebridge hackerspace where most of us met. We filled it with bunkbeds, worked together every day and still live together now. IGN generously gave us free office space as part of their indie game incubator, and we worked there alongside other indie developers in cubicles most of the time. Altogether, our payroll went from about $15K to about $25K per month and should have lasted us about 6 months. We thought that would be enough time to develop the prototype into the fully fledged game, and we set to work building it. Why did the project run out of money Code Hero’s development was highly complex and everything took longer than we expected. Below is a more detailed breakdown of some of the things that delayed the project. On a tight budget, delays aren't recoverable by asking for extensions like with a publisher, and each slowdown bit into our remaining funds. We had completed preparations to order and ship the physical shirts and boxes when we realized that at that burn rate we weren't going to have enough money to finish the game and we'd be shipping shirts and boxes for a game that wouldn't come out unless we found a way to fund the rest of the development. What happened when we ran out of money We'd been talking to investors about raising more money to fund development to completion. When the funds literally ran out, many of us kept working knowing we might not get paid for it because of our faith in what we were building and our belief that we'd find new funding. Funding talks fell through, and most of the full-time team had to find other work to pay the bills. What Caused Delays A number of creative and technical challenges cost us precious time. These aren't excuses and we're responsible for our mistakes. This is a partial list of them: Leadership: I, Alex Peake, as the originator of Code Hero and leader of the development team, bear chief responsibility for the whole of the project. Everyone on the team worked incredibly hard and did terrific work, and I'm proud of what we accomplished and I am responsible for not leading the team better and correcting our course early enough to narrow the scope and get a good game done with what we had instead of holding on to the original plan about what the game needed to be. I've learned a lot from my mistakes, and I'm going to take heed of all the advice and lessons learned through this to take responsibility for turning this project around and getting Code Hero back on track and funded and completed so people can play it and learn to code and make games of their own. Inexperience: Most of our team was made up of talented students and indies rather than long-time game industry veterans. We were figuring it out as we went along by asking more experienced developers how we should do things. This cost us a lot of time. Doing things that haven’t been done before: It’s hard to find proven models to follow when you make a game that has programming-based gameplay that is completely different from any games that preceded it. Online Services Development: The online component of Code Hero is necessary to allow players to build and share their work but it adds to the project’s complexity a lot to simultaneously develop a client game app and a web site and backend. Changing Version Control: We were having difficulties with Unity Asset Server not syncing files and had to manually re-merge many changes. When we attempted to switch over to Subversion, the switch caused more problems than it solved and we went back to using Asset Server. Rebuilding Project Files: After PAX East and our first demo of the post-Kickstarter alpha of Code Hero, we decided to rebuild the project and rewrite a number of things that were originally in Javascript using C#. This process cleaned up the code base and project structure, but it broke connections between assets in many of the scene files and it took a long time to get everything working again. Our Current Financial Situation We’re out of funds and this has slowed progress down compared to when we were fully funded. The Current Team However, we still have a team. I continue to do lead programming, art, music, writing and design. 5 programmers are continuing to work as volunteers. We will deliver the game we’ve promised and complete the project. Volunteers Wanted If you're interested in contributing to the project, contact <email> and let us know what skills you'd like to contribute. We aren't currently funded but if you're interested in joining our current volunteer team, you could make a contribution and be part of finishing the project. Backer Rewards Why didn't the physical Kickstarter rewards ship already? We were planning to ship them early on and had the shirt order ready to go but we had difficulty figuring out an auto-update mechanism for the USB drives that would keep them useful for a long time. In retrospect, we should have just shipped all the shirt-only orders early on until we figured out the rest. Once development was falling behind schedule we were trying to finish the game with what we had left so we could give people the game first and foremost. We tried to raise more money to pay for the shirts and rewards and a second round of funding, but that didn't work out. When will people receive physical Kickstarter rewards? We will still fulfill our physical rewards to backers. We don't have a date we can promise yet because it is contingent on making more progressa and raising more funds, but we're committed to delivering the game and the rewards and refunds to anybody who doesn't want to wait to see those completed. Backer Refunds will take time We're obligated to refund backers who haven't received their rewards and aren't willing to wait for us to make more progress and get new funding to fulfill our backer obligations. Because we currently don't have the money to make the shirts or pay refunds, backers who want them will have to wait until we can afford to pay them. Email <email> if you want a refund. Will team members get paid for work they did after we ran out of money? Yes, all team members who worked without getting paid for the last month will get compensated when we have the funds to do so. MONEY Did you spend money traveling to conferences? Yes. We were invited to exhibit at PAX East by Kickstarter. We also exhibited at PAX Prime in the Indie Megabooth. We worked hard preparing playable demos for both PAXes that got the game’s core into playable states that random gamers could try and give us feedback on. Some people may argue that PAX is a waste of development funds for a Kickstarter project, but our team worked throughout the show and the feedback and advice we got from other developers and players during the show improved the game more than any other time in development. Did you spend money travelling on other trips? My other travel was by invitation and no Kickstarter money was spent on it. I was invited by THNK to visit Amsterdam for an all-expenses paid trip to teach a workshop for social entrepreneurs about making interactive storytelling gameplay. I was working on the content in Code Hero for the workshop already, and it was an opportunity to test it with real students. PROJECT ROADMAP What's the release schedule now? We're releasing an interim Alpha 2 build right now. We'll put put up new builds each month when it is stable enough to do so. The next major alpha milestone we're aiming for will tie the features that are in a raw state in the current builds into a form that teaches a complete class worth of material so that you can sit down, learn a bunch, apply it in-game, experiment, then download and install the Unity game engine and transfer the skills you've learned as much as possible to doing real game development and taking advantage of all the tutorials we've collected that exist to help you continue your learning. We plan to have learning mode functional in May, and it becomes the first of the 3 major pieces we have to complete. Part 2 is the gameplay for non-programmers who strictly want to have fun and learn a bit as they play. That's an important requirement to make the game work for gamers who aren't primarily motivated by learning, and it is what sets Code Hero apart from other approaches to learning. There are many methods of learning to code, but all require your motivation. As a game that delivers a really fun experience, Code Hero's gameplay can make learning to code something you do for fun in order to enjoy the game rather than requiring a ton of motivation. Almost everyone can learn to code if they'd enjoy it enough. We plan to have fun mode functional in August. Part 3 is to keep building up the editor tools so that people can not just start learning projects in Code Hero but that they can build games as close to the full functionality of the free version of Unity as possible and even export their projects to take them into Unity once they're ready and publish them on any platform and app store they want to. We aim to have the game making and sharing mode functional by end of year. This roadmap isn't set in stone yet and will change as we get more resources and volunteers and establish a clearer timeline for how long things are going to take. Our first priority though is to reach phase 1 where people can learn enough from Code Hero to get into coding and game development with Unity so individuals and schools can use it to jumpstart their code literacy learning. This is a difficult time but we will get through it This is an extremely difficult experience for any developer to go through, especially for it to happen to a project we care this much about, and we hope you'll bear with us as we continue to try to address people's questions and get on with building the game and showing what's in the works. We know this has been stressful for backers, and we're going to push through and get the game finished with or without additional funding. Could you make Code Hero open source? While we're big believers in open-source, there aren't many game companies we know of that make games as open-source. Games are more art and craft than code, and have asset workflows much more complex than pure software. It's something we aspire to be able to do eventually, but we're not going to go open source at this time. We've considered open-sourcing parts of Code Hero in the future. We're not ready to do that at this time, but we're open to suggestions and a discussion of ways it could work. CODE HERO ALPHA 2 RELEASE There's a lot of features in development that aren't polished or stable enough yet to go into playable builds of Code Hero. Here's some things you can find in the new game: You can download Code Hero Alpha 2 now . (It may still be uploading, if so check back later) What's new in Code Hero Alpha 2: We're going to put out a more extensive post soon detailing things in Alpha 2 but here are a few things to look for: Guest Mode Anyone can now try the beginning of Code Hero alpha without having to buy the game. Eliza &amp; AIML Chatbot AIs We’ve got levels in development with talking AIs that you can talk to. We’re developing levels that teach you how to hack their code to make your own AI characters that can talk to you and each other. Syntax highlighting &amp; auto-indenting code editor We've rewritten the Unityscript code text editor using a little known UnityEngine.TextEditor API class that allows the text editor to implement all of the features you need to write code well. It now has syntax coloring, inserts tabs correctly and auto-indents new lines properly. Auto-complete and automatic API reference lookup is next to make writing code as fun for beginners and efficient for pros as possible. We're going to try using it to edit Code Hero's own source code to eat our own dogfood and help expose all the features it should have to be a useful day-to-day code editor. Sorry to keep everyone in suspense a few more days. We thought we could announce and release pre-PAX so we wouldn't be crushed with both at once which turned out to be impossible. We need to be online 24/7 during launch to talk to players and open Gamebridge Unityversity with a bang. We are recovering physically from PAX and nailing down all the bugs that cropped up with the new level creator that syncs what you build to the server. We're going to ship the new Code Hero Alpha to everyone this Friday. Full PAX report and announcement coming also this week! Here is the trailer of the new Code Hero for you to enjoy till more updates and the Alpha release this Friday. <url>– September 2nd. You will be able to find us at the Indie Mega Booth next to Alexander Bruce's Antichamber , Jonathan Blow's The Witness , Phil Fish's Fez , Strage Loop Games , and more. We know that you have many questions. This update should answer most of them. We will give you an inside look at the new direction we are taking Code Hero in order to make it the game every soon-to-learn programmer deserves. Finally, we want to disclose that this update is to share with you our thought process and what we aim for. Some of what you see here is subject to change as we get closer to our deadline. What's In Store For Code Hero Let's talk about what Code Hero is all about. Many of you have already played the first preview version we released during the Kickstarter in which you learned to shoot code to transform, find, delete and push objects around and defeat FizzBoss. This approach to learning through puzzles is being expanded to form the first piece of Code Hero. The second piece is something much more ambitious and creative. Programming isn't just a skill to test through examples and exercises like math homework. Programming is a creative craft where you BUILD things up one line of code at a time. To build a game world is one of the most rewarding and enjoyable experiences in all of programming, and Code Hero gives you the power to create new worlds and breathe life into them with your own code. This is a true sandbox where you not only place blocks and prefabs to build up interesting worlds quickly, you also write wholly new code and objects that do things that have never been done before. This is the power to create universes. This is programming. And this is how Code Hero STARTS. Your initiation into Gamebridge Unityversity begins with creating and shipping your first game, because real artists ship. Code Hero isn't just a game where you learn programming through puzzles, it is a game world whose puzzles teach you how to craft your own puzzles and worlds. Most importantly, it teaches you to publish your worlds for the whole world to play so that you'll take pride and ownership over what you learn to make. You can't walk away having just "sort of" learned programming without building anything you can be proud of. You never forget your first release. You may never think your first game is ready to share with the world. Ships in harbor are safe. But that's not why ships are built. Programming is art, real artists ship, and Code Hero is a game about becoming a real artist. Real Learning In Unity Code Hero is built with the Unity game engine, so the code you learn is real Unity code and what you build with it is really yours. The code you learn to write is Javascript code that calls the Unity API and the worlds you learn to create can eventually be exported as real Unity projects. Code Hero's world building user interface resembles the Unity editor so that you can learn Unity within the guided Code Hero game experience and when you're ready to install the full Unity game engine you'll already know how to use it. Here's a screenshot of the user interface in development: Unlocking New Code Hero's code ray console lets you place, move, rotate and scale objects and edit the code on them to set up a level the way you like it. In code puzzle levels, you'll only be able to edit and manipulate certain objects to master the code concepts and solve the puzzles, but in sandbox mode you'll be able to alter everything from a blank slate or build off templates. Every code puzzle level you play through will teach you more programming concepts and unlock more objects with the code you've learned. You'll get new missions and templates challenging you to place new objects and code in your own levels. And most importantly, you won't just get to share your levels with other players - you'll be able to invite them to help you! Social Coding You'll be able to share your levels with your friends and the world, and decide who can help you edit and work on your worlds as part of your team. Most importantly, you'll be be able to see each others' code and mentor one another as you explore the creativity that is real game programming. Code Hero's puzzle levels will teach you the fundamentals of programming, and you will be able to teach each other how to apply the concepts to build epic game worlds. This will be especially useful for teaching and mentoring other learners so everybody gets the mentoring they need. Coming Soon: Alpha The version we released before Kickstarter was a prototype compared to the full game we're building now. In the upcoming alpha of Code Hero, you'll experience some of the core gameplay: Playing code puzzle levels to master Javascript and the Unity API Creating and saving games and levels of your own Playing others' levels and unlocking their assets to use in creating your own levels Collaborating with other coders to build and code together The New Programming Team We're up to 3 dedicated programmers now, with Eriks Strals, Vinnie Iannone and Aaron Davis working together as a coding machine. We're hiring more senior devs (see below) and interns will get the chance to participate in the development when Code Hero goes live. The New Art Team &amp; The New Ada Lovelace Code Hero's first prototype was quite literally "programmer art", so we have a new art team to make Code Hero beautiful. We've got Gizmo from Farbrausch for art direction, David Lopez for props and environments and Nicole Greicar doing characters. Nicole has been modeling Code Hero's star mentor Ada Lovelace. Here she is in an early 3D version next to the quintessential Ada Lovelace portrait: The New Art Director For visuals and artistic direction, we've hired Gizmo from Farbrausch. You might remember a video of one of the Farbrausch demos we posted on one of our Kickstarter updates: <url>’s artistic direction. Gizmo has introduced a new bright matrix color palette which makes virtual reality more colorful and appealing than the dark cyber-Tron aesthetic of the prototype build. The Gamebridge Unityversity Campus World The central hub of Code Hero is the Gamebridge Unityversity campus. This is where you arrive and begin your studies with the grand tour that culminates in making your first game and shipping it to enter the Humantheon for your Matriculation as a code hero. Code Hero joined the IGN Indie Open House Code Hero joined and completed the IGN Indie Open House incubator! We shared office space with a some awesome indie game development teams, including Wolfire ( Lugaru &amp; Overgrowth ), Interabang ( Super Combo Man ), Team 2Bit ( Fist Puncher ), Misfits Attic ( A Virus Named Tom ), Cryptic Sea ( Gish &amp; A New Zero ) and our newest arrival Plain Vanilla Games ( Moogies ) who also happens to be backed by David Helgason! You can see how amazing IGN' is in an episode of TechCrunch Cribs and we had a blast working there. Big thanks to Drew Curby, Todd Northcutt and everyone at IGN and Gamespy for hosting us and helping Code Hero get started. We've grown fast and we're moving on to a new office space for the final phase towards release. The Extra Creditz Education Panel at PAX East At PAX East, Alex was invited by James Portnow of Extra Creditz to join the conversation about Educating Through Play: The Future of American Education. <url># and Unityscript? We are looking for the most talented and creative Unity programmers to help build Code Hero. This is a game by programmers for programmers that become programmers by playing. World editing gameplay involves some epic tech solutions that go above and beyond most entertainment products. We need game developers with Unity experience and game programming ability. We are looking for senior programmers to fill various positions to work on Code Hero and beyond. Please send use your resume to <email> and we will be in touch as soon as possible. The Road To Release We have promised you an exciting game and we will deliver. We were pretty quiet since Kickstarter, and the quiet ends now. We'll be posting more updates to our fans on Kickstarter, Facebook and the newsletter showing the game's evolution on the road to release, and PAX will be just the beginning as we have a big roadmap for expansions to Code Hero after launch. Once you the players can start learning and building things, there's no end to what you can create and we're extremely excited about evolving Code Hero to expand your creative powers with it. If you have not done so, connect with us on our Code Hero Facebook Page and join the Code Hero Army , Code Hero Army 3rd and subsequent groups on Facebook we will be forming to interact with our fans and post random updates there. Sincerely; Alex Peake &amp; the whole Code Hero Team Hello Code Heroes! We've been crunch crunch crunching the new version of Code Hero in preparation for PAX East Boston! We're going to have a booth with Kickstarter in Room 103! We're readying the Internship program as part of our broad push into schools starting with AMSA Charter School in Boston April 10. Here's more details: <url>" Code Hero Army " faction within the game. Load up your custom mecha forces to get some glory in the name of spreading code literacy throughout the Galaxy! Our mission is to liberate the people of the Illyrian Hegemony , a tyrannical aristocracy that oppresses its common citizens by censoring their Internets to prevent them from learning to code! Together, we shall set minds free! WE DID IT! THANK YOU TO ALL OUR BACKERS! We raised $170,954 with 7459 backers which combined with our direct sales on the CodeHero.org store and private donations puts us at over $200K in total funding! This will be enough to start building Code Hero into a DRM-free offline friendly single-player game AND a multiplayer MMO where everyone can learn to code, create and play together! We will continue to publish Updates about the progress of Code Hero on Kickstarter and via PrimerLabs.com Email Updates as we release new versions of the game and have news on the shipping of your rewards. If you're seeing this before you got a chance to pledge, you haven't missed your opportunity to participate! For those who missed the Kickstarter, you can now continue to buy Code Hero on our store! We will continue to honor the same pledge levels as on the Kickstarter, so you haven't missed out on becoming an intern, the 1K12 Code Hero School package or the $1776 Senator &amp; Congress Challenge chance for a public official to get Code Hero for a whole state! <url>"final release" and more soon!) We're releasing tonight at midnight an edition of the game with Minecraft creator Jeb in it! <url>"Ask me about Code Hero", talk about it via Chat, or just do something else more impactful to helping humanity and enjoying life instead! The entire game media has gotten behind us and we're at 75K surging to hit $100K TODAY! We're on the front page of Reddit r/gaming! When we hit the front page of Reddit, EVERYONE will say to us tomorrow, "I saw it on Reddit and backed it!" Go this page right now and vote for your favorite story! (type it into your browser): reddit.com/r/gaming Tell your friends to go there and vote! Oh yeah, and we're coming out on Forbes and Gamasutra and Huffington Post and a bunch of other stuff I don't have time to mention! Thank you everyone! This is our moment! For every young mind filled with a thousand dreams waiting to be made possible, for every parent with a child in need of a mentor, for every gamer who deserves a game worth more than just playing, this is our voice to speak up for the voiceless to give everyone a voice through gaming so that the medium that we love will truly become our medium! Today's gamers are tomorrow's game developers, making the games that need to be made, teaching the things that need teaching, inspiring the aspirations that need fulfilling, until reality's brokenness is fixed by gamers, for gamers, till we can make the world that gamers have wrought a utopian playland! CODE HERO KICKSTARTER IS OVER $40,000! CALLING ALL SCHOOLS &amp; SENATORS: REVOLUTIONIZE YOUR STATE'S EDUCATION! Calling all students, parents, teachers, educators, senators, congresspeople, and petitioners of the former: The 1 K12 Code Hero School Challenge Give your children more than a game: Give their whole school programming peers that will engage and inspire each other. A parent, teacher, student, administrator or entrepreneurial youth can pledge to give a school of their choosing a special school-wide Code Hero access. All their students will receive school accounts for Code Hero. Teachers will be trained by the Code Hero team to be able to mentor students who can mentor each other. Code Hero School will feature advanced metrics and collaborative gameplay that will allow teachers to integrate it into making projects for every subject and class in the school. Art classes can produce game art for history projects that become simulated historical worlds with math class showing how engineering created disruptive new industries that economics class analyzes for modern parallels [HINT HINT]. Check out Hack The Future and Unityversity to see how we teach large groups of kids already to make and present games on their first day. PETITIONERS WELCOME. You can pledge at this level to petition your school to try it: Call them, ask them if they will accept it on behalf of all their students. This doesn't require a school approval process or a strategy session: It just opens the door for a new kind of education through games that kids actually want and enjoy! UNCONDITIONAL GIVING: If you can't get a school to accept, you can give it directly to the students of the school to form a Code Club to provide the power of one good example: a school where every student can code fluently and create games as group projects as easily as presentation poster boards and science fair exhibits. Every state needs at least one school that will take up the school challenge to show there is no state that is not ready to become an economic powerhouse, that there is no district that can't emulate Silicon Valley, and that there is no school that can't become a flourishing entrepreneurial hotbed of student-created startups! $1776: SENATOR HERO: ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE OF REVOLUTIONIZING EDUCATION FOR YOUR STATE! Every Senator or Congressman who accepts this challenge will bestow a K12 Code Hero School License for every student in every school in their state or district. Make a statement to the world that your constituents all deserve to have the power of code and that code is the key to American prosperity. Show that you are taking action to revolutionize education by making learning to code a universal part of gaining full literacy as an informed and empowered citizenry of a country that will continue to lead the 21st century! NOTE: PETITIONERS WELCOME . If you are not a Senator, you can pledge at this level to petition your representatives: Call them, ask them if they will accept it on behalf of all their voters. This doesn't require a school approval process or a strategy session: It just opens the door for a new kind of education through games that kids actually want and enjoy! If you can't get a Representative to accept, you can convert this to a 1 K 12 pledge and give it to one school in their district to provide the power of one good example: a school where every student can code fluently and create games as group projects as easily as presentation posterboards and science fair exhibits. Every state needs at least one representative that will take up this challenge to show there is no state that is not ready to become an economic powerhouse, that there is no district that can't emulate Silicon Valley, and that there is no school that can't become a flourishing entrepreneurial hotbed of student-created startups! The press is rolling in faster than we can track <url>#comment Boing Boing: <url>… : <url>"refund anyone who doesn't want to see the game finished." and Cory's right that was poorly worded it was unfair to backers who supported the project's mission in the first place to imply that they don't want it finished. Backers who want a refund because we haven't made the game yet just don't have confidence that we're going to succeed. That's understandable. What I was trying to say was, backers who want a refund will get them as soon as we have the funds to do so, and right now we're raising funds to be able to pay anyone who wants a refund, to accelerate development again to finish the game, and to deliver all promised physical rewards. Anyone who wants a refund now will probably be happy to see the game finished in the end despite their doubts at this time and we appreciate their original support and hope to earn it back with time and progress towards completion. Code Hero alpha 3 Mac and Windows download files are both finished uploading and working now. <url>"When can we play the latest version of the game." I'll post an update to the Kickstarter as soon as the new build is working well, probably tomorrow morning. I'm Alex the lead developer of Code Hero and here is my response to this news story, updated as I continue to answer the specific questions people have: <url>"empowerment" and I will answer your all your questions or concerns. Alex Peake here, Code Hero's creator and now leader of a team of creators working on making the full game. We're sorry about the log-in problems some people have been having. The beta we had up to this point was the work of one person (me) + periodic help from contractors. We are working on a new version of the game now that we have an actual full-time developer team to make the game as awesome as it deserves to be. For now, if you have a support issue please email <email> and we will make sure to solve each and every one of your problems with the current version or by updating to the new version soon. Our online store is Ubercart based and it should have shown you a password to use in combination with the email you supplied it, but many people didn't receive those passwords because of shopping cart glitches or missed them. Also, some special characters don't work in the login. Logins work for a lot of people as we have about 6000 or more players able to log in, and we'll fix this so everyone can play as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience and we think you're going to like what we have in store for you! (We also just received the first batch of T-shirts and they look amazing, we'll post pictures and a timeline for pledge fulfillment soon!) Yes, you will get the full game at release at all pledge levels. From the $1 Pledge Description: "Buy it now to support our development and you get to download the betas and receive the full game when it ships! " The multiplayer part of the project will in no way detract from the single player experience. We will build the single player game first and foremost. Multiplayer is a bonus. To get help, email <email>. The shirts look like this: <url>’d have been so much better off lol. Interesting flash from the past, though. Wonder if we’ll ever see anything or if Alex will just keep whatever he made hidden forever... This is a scam. Alex Peake is a scammer At this point I'd be happy at least with the damn shirt. Starting to get impatient here... You're killin me <3 Hey Alex Peake, I want my money back. I'm starting to get suspicious, but lets give him the benefit of the doubt for another 7 years or so guys, lets not jump to conclusions. If I had invested my pledge years ago I could probably buy a Ferrari now. It's never coming out. I'll say ask again, show us all the cool stuffb you bought, parties you had, and places you went to with our cash. You owe us that at least. 6 years from the proposed delivery date - wow, time flies lol. lol Any updates? I dunno... this seems like a scam. No KS update and now you can just download that dinky demo for free regardless of backing?? I am kind of shocked that KS just allows this shit to happen with no consequence to the Dev. So apparently i can start a kick starter with no real goal to finish, raise a shit ton of money and just stop all production... and Kick starter will be fine with that because... So this guy got a ton of money, game you a game and demo thats now available to everyone and is promising again that there will be a game? oh and the update just shows a dialog add on for unity?? Looks like a huge scam and KS is starting to put out more scams than real content... I would be totally fine waiting longer for Devs that are putting in actual work. KS seems to support this behavior... I still want pics from the parties, vacations, etc that be bought with cash, then I'll be happy 5 years and some change :o. We're still waiting :D. So, he took the project out side of KS. He didn't update it to point to the new page so this is an obvious attempt at trying to scam more people with the same con. Shouldn't there be something in the TOS that doesn't allow a project creator to take it out of KS and set up shop? Not that I have any faith that he'll ever complete it but we already paid for it and if he thinks he's in the clear, he's mistaken. I was about to delete my log in information for the game and noticed that the site is back again. So, confusing. Looks like the game lives!!!! "Updates to come out in 2017" <url>"It’s 2017 and Code Hero is going to see new versions released this year." :) Well I'll be - site has been updated again :o (Would be nice to get these posts here too? :<) <url>"post-funding issues". If any project needs to be dealt with by the KS staff, it is this one. It is, very obviously, an abandoned project... and Peake HAS money to spend on OTHER projects, so he can start paying us back, if he was even remotely decent. I don't think open sourcing is really an issues, as Unity is free to use for anyone. So while we wouldn't be able to see the engine code itself, we'd at least see the assets and scripts done for the project. Though I'd guess most of the code done in this project is pre-Unity 5, so a lot of it would have to be redone in order to get it up to standards. @njt, one problem with open-sourcesing this is that they're using Unity. Which means that anything they open-source is still going to have to use Unity. So, you're not going to get a fully open-sourced version as Unity isn't. The most they could do is release any assets they created for the game and whatever scripts they created for the game. This has come up on other projects that were CTD and once a project chooses to use a non-open engine, it closes the door on providing an open-source copy as a contingency in case they run out of funds before completion. Indeed o.o. Can't wait until the new version is something we can test. The new update does look decent. Fingers crossed I guess. They may actually be unable to for legal reasons, or if they did open source, they may have to omit code that they can't release for some sort of legal reason. (See Solaris->OpenSolaris) So there's cases where they might have their hands tied on that. Additionally, they are still trying to work on the project, and open sourcing it might affect their profitability once (if) it releases. Not to say there isn't a way to profit on open source (See Red Hat). o.o Was not expecting that. But why not open-source it? I mean, really? Is there any merit to having it closed off behind a "hiring" page? ._. <url>"Coming Soon" in regards to updates/announcements one to many times on this project to get my hopes up :) Holy cow, you're right, Greg! It seems Alex is still trying to get things going! I still don't think the likelihood of a final product is very high, but at least it looks like it's greater than zero. Well this is interesting. I went poking around Alex's profile and found the primerlabs page, which, for some surprising reason, has an update dated today - 4/22/15. The gist is that they redeveloped Code Hero for Unity 5 and revamped the shirt design (and maybe more - I'm having issues figuring figuring out just how recent some of the news actually is...). There's apparently a "full announcement" coming soon. <url>"project coordinator" quit after like 2 months, it was revealed that no one had ever tested the game on Windows because the team only had Macs and Alex promised that next update would be coming later in the month. Lol. I can't believe this guy got away with 170 grand!!! To people who say "you're just pledging" and all that, that's fine if you want the whole model implode, which perhaps has already happened, but do people think you'll still see those $800 pledges? For some reason most people that feel it's no strings attached money seem to be the under $100 dollar backers for some reason. I can't quite explain that odd coincidence. What are people paying kickstarter that ridiculous 30% or whatever it is if they have no responsibility to do anything? They will lose a lot of money if people stop trusting them. I don't understand why they can't have simple progress tiers or something before they get ALL the money. Then maybe people wouldn't lose their whole pledges. Especially the $500+ "donations". Well this KS campaign was my introduction to KS - thankfully, everything else I've funded has actually come to fruition. One day, this may actually happen... but I'm not holding out much hope It is the only way for him to save what is left of his reputation, OR actually finish some form of Code Hero... but from the cone of silence he's erected, none of those seem likely. I'm guessing the code is probably too embarrassing to open source it. At this point waiting so long, it would be best to just open up the project and put it on github. wow 3 years already! He still openly shows off Code Hero on profiles as if its an accomplishment and not something he hides from regularly. He's also "the new Steve Jobs" according to his friends. :) <url>#!VVACGahJ!PRpslimP7V8957oEwLsIIQJ_yyB2cJaKdHCffJ28oP8 You guys should at least have the decency to lie to us like some of these other Kickstarter campaings! Like the guys at Hey Joe Coffee, that go silent for weeks and then give us a vague update with no pictures or videos or anything that shows transparency! How about we now call this project Code Zeroes! It fascinates me that he still logs in and backs projects. Alright, I know there have been a lot of issues with the law , and accusations about taking the money and running, but. If anyone is still out there. I don't care what happened to the money, I just want the game back, at whatever stage. I don't care if its an alpha of the game, I really liked it, and paid for it. I got a new computer and when I tried to go to the site to re-download the game, site was gone and I am seeing nothing but lawsuit pages on Google. Please, can those of us who just want the game have it back? I suggest we celebrate by collectively raising our middle fingers. How should we celebrate the upcoming 3 year anniversary of the project's launch date? well over 7k, and great games today are LUCKY to get 1 k.... it is projects like this that drove many away from Kickstarter. At the very least do short updates saying you're doing SOME work. Lie to us, if you're not. Hey look at that... Primerlabs site seems to be down again. This just is a gift that doesn't keep on giving. Code Hero did not teach me how to make games, like you promised Alex, but it taught me to be more prudent about pledging on Kickstarter. I'll give you that, Alex. Happy 6 month anniversary of the time Alex posted that the next update would come later in the month. Alex, I joined Kickstarter solely to back your project so I could use it as a tool to interest my kids in coding. The path this project has taken is very disappointing and actually frustrated my kids further about programming because something they became excited about has been a bust. I agree with the posts below that asks you to open source the code so that others can take it forward. This is a moral obligation you have to the 7459 backers who gave you money, and to the coding community in general whose kickstarter campaigns have to overcome the stigma of this project. Stop sitting on the project and let it become useful. Be a man Alex and give us a postmortem at least. That's the least bit of effort you can do after spengin our money. Alex Peake - Last login Oct 6 2014 Hi Alex I'm so glad i only donated a dollar. I just came to see if anything was different. It wasn't. And so where exactly did the 170K go? "Because real artists ship" - Alex Peake Famous last words... This is rather depressing. The least he could do is open the source for the code that we paid for. It's a shame that shy of a lawsuit we're probably not going to get access to what we paid to develop. It's cool that Alex continues to login and back other projects but won't update his own. @ William ~bows his head in a silent moment of reflection~ @ Tomimt, exactly the same for me. Today, this would never get the kind of attention it had. Likely would have made 20k and been forgotten. Code Hero Obituary: Our beloved Code Hero has finally passed away. The date on which Code Hero officially passed is in question, as he suffered a terribly long illness and there were brief times he showed signs of recovery. It is clear now that he is gone, even though there remains a handful of devoted online friends and family who gather by his side, even at this late date. He was born on February 24th, 2012, with a misdiagnosed case of Fund Mismanagement which unknowingly grew, along with a severe bout of Fatherly Neglect which developed later. One illness would've been enough to end even the healthiest Kickstarter project, but suffering both, it quickly proved to be terminal and he soon slipped away from us all. Ripe for potential, he stormed into the world, a bright and fantastic game which taught you to program. A first person shooter using a gun to copy and paste code, he was the internet's darling with articles aplenty pointing those interested to his Kickstarter page. Looking to raise $100,000, he managed to gain $170, 954, nearly $80,000 more than was thought to be needed to fulfill the game. Unfortunately, even the large sum of cash that was raised was not enough for him to ever truly recover. His backers followed diligently for years, hoping to someday see progress, but none was ever made. His bright light shone all too briefly. He was preceded in death by Hope that it will get finished, and Faith that it will get finished. He is survived by Dustin Deckard, Jonathan Jou, Tomimt, Jack, PegasusOrgans, and 7,454 others who backed him. He is also survived by his father, Alex Peake, whose whereabouts are currently unknown. His remains are likely tucked away nicely on a flash drive somewhere that eventually got kicked under the couch and forgotten about and is now covered in dust with a half-chewed piece of gum stuck to it. Friends and family would like a postmortem of his remains. In lieu of flowers, family would encourage those wishing to, to make a generous donation to …no, never mind. Enough has been spent on him already. The only reason this unfortunate project made 170k is that they had the luck to be in the first KS graze that Double Fine caused. This even was the second project I backed, DF being the first one. If this same project would be proposed now it wouldn't receive the money. At least I know I wouldn't back it, as I have become more choosy with the things I back. I haven't actually backed a thing in over a half year now. It saddens me that many very worthwhile games have trouble reaching 30k while this made 170k! Saddens me terribly. I think I got at least $13 worth of laughs out of that last update from the "Project Coordinator", so I now consider this project a success. I'm looking forward to the next post from Alex about how he needs to improve his communication before he disappears again for months. Good to see that he is still backing other projects too, even if he's abandoned his own. As I've said a couple of times, the best thing Alex could do now is to just release the done stuff as opensource for the community to prod around and to see if there is anything to salvage there. A postmortem would be nice as well, but doing that would require Alex to actually admit, that he has failed as a project lead, so I think it could be embarassing read of bad excuses, But anyhow, Yogventures failure might be a blessing for Code Hero as well. If they get that sorted out, perhaps it will encourage Alex to do the right thing as well, instead of being holed up somewhere, lips sealed. There's an interesting conversation to be had around the many pitfalls of kickstarter software projects at this point, which seem to be an especially tricky situation. Stretch goals that extend the scope beyond the bounds of the team's experience, budgets which are naive at best that are disregarded as the project progresses, and most importantly the ethics of what happens when a project fails. It does seem very odd that people pay for someone to work on a project, and when the project has by all promised metrics become a failure there's no way to recover any of the work done. Alex could just as easily have burned the hard drives with the code on them and his contractual obligations to us are still not an issue. But from a moral standpoint, is the right thing to do to release the code under a public license and just hope someone else can finish what he started? I'd certainly be interested in reading about other examples and what they did right or wrong. Yogventures! certainly looks like a good example of trying to make things right. Also - it's interesting to note that the Yogventures! game that failed now has its backers demanding the source code and/or assets created for the game. The backers did pay for those, after all, and in the complete absence of a finished game and no possibility for a finished game, it seems absolutely reasonable to demand that the assets (which cost hundreds of thousands of dollars) be returned to the community rather than used on some other project at a later date. Yeah, I think Thomas has the right idea. Sure, we'd all love more information (and rightly feel like we're "owed" it) but if Alex actually did write a postmortem, it would just be an exercise in embarrassment. The failed Yogscast game that's been making the rounds this last week just put up their own postmortem, detailing how they wasted/lost nearly $600k. Obviously people are pretty furious about that (again, rightly so) and there are still tons of unanswered questions, but when you fail on that level (or on Alex's level) it's typically because someone made terrible choices. Plus, all it would do at this point is rile us all up, assuming he was honest about it. The emails I got from his friends and roommates, though (back when this all blew up), claim some of his first purchases were new computer(s), extravagant dinners and plane tickets (for himself and companions), among other BS. Not to mention the squandered opportunity to use IGN office space. An honest postmortem would almost certainly just make him look even worse. Jonathan, I'd like to know. But, I think the only reasonable explanation here is just gross incompetence with regard to project management. Does anyone else here feel like it would be worthwhile to write a postmortem of this game, even if only from the limited information we have as backers? I'd be very interested if we could assemble all the data and look for meaningful takeaways regarding common pitfalls for kickstarter games and important red flags for prospective backers. I've been going over what google has to offer about Alex and his interviews tell a very discouraging, if not frightening tale. Reading about how Alex explains that he used (our) $150k to pay 10 people at $5k a month, but then also discusses how startups often have to pay employees less than they were promised makes me wonder how he managed his money at all. Going from the notion that this was a relatively simplistic game (as a $170k budget would warrant) in feauture-complete beta to the sudden promises of alphas and mind-bogglingly ambitious feature sets continues to confuse any sympathetic narrative I could use to explain what's happened. And, of course, most worrying to me is the fact that Alex has somehow managed to hire two separate community managers to try and keep us in the loop, only to have both of them politely quit without ever being able to answer any of the hard questions. Does anyone have any idea what's going on? I'm somewhere between deep concern and morbid fascination. My first and only Kickstarter... too bad for me :-( @Dustin Deckard, too true. And despite getting no funding still get much more done!! Games made by developers of actual games(people with experience) end up with failed Kickstarters. Very discouraging. @Alex Peake Where is the update "later this month"? It's july!!! It really freakin bums me out that amazing game projects struggle to hit the $50k mark these days. People like Alex degraded the crowdfunding experience for the entire industry. :( Anyways, putting a shameless plug in here for SUNSET, the new Tale of Tales game. They make odd "art" games, but have a solid reputation, have won many awards, and can be trusted with your money. It's also a first-person war game with NO GUNS, which is really special. Check it out: <url>"We will continue to make regular updates...We have some good news to share in our next update later this month.." -Alex Peake, 4/3/2014. lol. Fellow backers, Every so often I visit this page, hoping to hear of news and developments that might have moved Code Hero towards benefiting others. At this point, I don't think anyone would want to be Alex Peake, and I don't think there's any positive outcome from continued criticism, even if it's constructive. Alex owes many people money, and many more people a dream they bought into. His vision drew the attention of thousands, and then soured the hopes of thousands. He appears to have made a number of unfortunate decisions, and now it's not clear to any of us what good might come of the funding we offered him. His team suffers turnover, his code has possibly insurmountable technical debt, and to this day he's unable to promise us any sort of schedule or end product. A postmortem of the project would likely chronicle a series of mistakes due to inexperience, and a transition into silence to avoid the hard questions that still go unanswered. Those seeking to learn more of his endeavors before Code Hero will find a trail of interesting ideas which suffered much the same fate. As a developer, I sympathize with his dilemma, and forgive him for his ambitions. As a backer, I worry that his history of mismanagement will deny him the opportunity to realize a truly worthy idea. It's clear to me that Alex could have been a very sincere, honest programmer with an idea he believed in, who should never have been thrust into a position of management, much less allowed to shoulder responsibilities he wasn't ready to handle. We're left with a project we can't know will deliver, which has taken money we can't expect to get back, to produce an incomplete product we're not allowed to have. There are those of us whose money may have been better spent, who could have provided opportunities to other projects. For most of us, our money has gone into teaching Alex that writing software is hard, and starting a successful software company is much, much harder. I'm mostly okay with this. My $13.37 was well spent. But I think we do have a responsibility to make sure Alex is ready before he takes on another grand idea. For those of you who remember his biography (the website appears to be down again), I'd recommend Alex go back to school and get the programming degree he wasn't convinced he needed, and find the humbling entry-level industry job he doesn't seem to have had. He'll want a team of industry veterans to tell him that $170k is less than a tenth of the budget for an MMO, and people with project management experience to turn his visions into tractable milestones. Which is to say, I can't say that Alex Peake is ready to make this game. In my opinion, it would be unfair to both him and us to believe otherwise. The best thing we can do for him now, is to help him prepare for his desired role, even if that means holding him back until he is truly able to live up to expectations. Be kind. We don't need to be hurtful to help, and we certainly don't need to keep pushing Alex along the pipe dream we don't believe in. Sincerely, Jonathan Here's a game called 'Glitchspace' that people might like while waiting for this one. It looks similar to a cross between this and Portal from what I can tell. I just heard of it, but it looks great, and it's pay what you want for the next 48 hours on indie game stand. It's the next best thing to getting a finished version of Code Hero. <url>"on a list". What that means and if there is an actual change of getting a refund is anyones guess. Like I've said before, the best thing for this project would be to open source it. It's clear that Peake won't be able to deliver this otherwise, as I doubt he has the resources to actually pay oneone to code full time anymore. Opensourcing this he could try to safe what little there is and try to help the project to really grow. It's not a guaranteed success ofcourse, but it would be a better change what there is now with this vaporware project. For those of you who want a refund: you’re probably not going to get a refund. Why? Because there isn’t any money. And even if there were, Kickstarter’s terms leave it up to the backers to find legal recourse. Clearly if you want to spend more money on a matter of principle then that’s up to you; I donated $313 and I have no intention of ‘lawyering up’. Kickstarter will always be a gamble. The majority of successfully funded projects miss their deadlines. Some just fail outright - that’s why pledging more than you can afford to lose is just a bad idea. As for Code Hero itself, two years without t-shirts says about as much as anyone needs to know regarding its organisation, planning and delivery. Unless Peake is sitting on something huge (which seems unlikely given that the Project Coordinator just left) the next step should be to solicit help publicly. This doesn’t mean posting 17 open positions on the primer careers page. It means setting pride aside and saying: ‘This is a good idea. It can be done, but it needs a lot of help and it needs that help now.’ I’ve worked with an individual who I suspect is a bit like Peake, business-wise. The problem is that creativity, enthusiasm and personal competence count for very little in a team oriented project if you can’t manage a team, don’t effectively organise your time and fail to set and achieve realistic goals. Everything I’ve read about this debacle suggests that Peake should have had someone to keep him in line while there was funding – to prevent a capability-expectations gap from developing on the part of backers and Primer. Now it seems to be too late. Alex - I'm impressed by your perseverance. I backed this 2 years ago when Kickstarter was still new and the fact that you're still working on this in spite of a few setbacks speaks volumes. Keep up the good work. (Reposted from my comment on the last update, in case someone with more info chances upon it:) Michelle, Its been exciting to follow the process of putting Code Hero into the hands of other children, and I thank you for your time and effort in keeping us apprised. I'm saddened to hear that your updates will come less regularly, especially since the scarce information I've seen regarding the complete vision for the project leaves me with many more questions than answers. Is there someone on the team who can fully articulate what the final game will have, what it won't have, and what you have right now? How did a game go from beta back to feature incomplete back to "upcoming beta," only to fall back into feature incomplete again? Can someone tell us what delayed the sending out of T-shirts? Does anyone have a plan for the mentorship, the teacher training, or that intern on a plane? We have, unfortunately, heard the "we're working on it" promise more than once, and what worries me isn't that someone is still working on it so much as the fact that I have no idea what someone might be working on. How is the secrecy and lack of transparency helping? Is Alex still hoping to one day sell his game for money, or is there some other reason the code hasn't been uploaded to a public repository and released under a license like the MIT Software License for everyone to hack on together? In all honesty I'm a little scared by the reasons I can think of that has resulted volunteer after volunteer distancing themselves from the project. I don't know if you'll be able to respond to this, and I do wish you all the best. I want a refund. "I’m sad to say that I’m probably not going to be able to update as regularly or as often." As often as what . . . you mean like less than the 7 updates in total posted last year? I want my refund Alex. I want it now. You are lucky there are no profanities in this post but feel free to add some yourself because that would be closer to what I am feeling right now. See, the more public communication the quieter the complaints become :). I still don't see why it's not more open source, though. I mean - it's still profitable that way (maybe even more so?) and it goes more to the goal of what this game's about (imho). Regardless, glad to see it still breathing. Another update, but still zero news about the game - just "we're still working on tshirts" but haven't even gotten an estimate on the order. Here's an another project, which I didn't back my self, but apparently a game called Unwritten in a turmoil which has lead the devs to retun money to the backers as they aren't confident that they can do the game. I read some of their updates and I appreciate the frankness they have. No beating the bush. <url>"the project isn't dead" announcement I wonder if we will be surprised this year with a 4th of July rendition of "the project isn't dead" or will we have to wait a whole nother year for it? Happy New Year! @Thomas - I understand your position and respect it, but you must not have kept up with everything that's happened this year. Refunds were not promised during the pledge drive (why would they be?), no, but they WERE promised a number of times afterwords, even with press present. Some of us are pretty vocal about this, and it's because we take it personally. We spent a lot of money, we advertised for Alex, and then everything fell apart, with more shadiness than can be accounted for in a single post. Alex has made bad calls at every turn, pissed people off, failed to pay devs, ignored calls, comments and emails for months on end, got kicked out of office space with IGN, failed to keep his own website online, lost control of the game's barebones authentication system, took down his support forums, and more... it's not unreasonable for us to hold him accountable. @Thomas: Avtually it's not unreasonable to expect refund. KS rules for project creator state, that if the project is not able to provide what it was set out to create, in this case even a buggy, unstable application, then refunds are not out of the question if the project creator is unable to make due in other means. In this case the other means would be to just open source the whole thing, I'd be content with that, as Alex has, time after time, shown that he's not able to pull this project off. @Dustin, were you not aware that there are no guarantees on KS? Not that it's carte blanche for all manner of scamming, but this risk is what publishers usually deal with, and they usually have a lot more control than we do. Justified or not, the negativity isn't helping anybody out. A project like this is hard enough to complete without people going out of their way to gripe about things. We are all aware that the project went south and should have been delivered quite a while ago, there's no need to keep up with the negativity. Maybe it gets done or maybe it doesn't, but it's ridiculous to expect a refund before the pledges are paid out, when there was never an assurance given that there would be refunds during the pledge drive. The new project coordinator seems to be pretty good so far. However, this arrangement with a volunteer team stepping in to take over the mess left behind by the original paid team is a little weird, and I'd be a lot more comfortable with it if the project were open-sourced. I really see no reason not to open the code for the project if it is already being developed by volunteers. Okay, there might be two reasons the code hasn't been released: (1) the state of the code is so abysmal it would be embarrassing to the team or (2) there are still hopes of selling the game after release to earn back losses. If the latter reason is true, I really think it's misguided to continue holding out for later sales. Make the game open and it might stand a chance at completion; if you need to cash in at that point, sell merchandise or strategy guides or something. The point is this: if the game's finished (even with community help) you have options for moving forward. Anyway, best of luck to anyone volunteering on this (misguided as it may be; why you would take an unpaid position at a failed commercial venture is beyond me). Kudos for being willing to work on this despite the challenges. Yeah, I know that the cost of printing a tshirt is lower than the cost of the pledge to buy a tshirt, but I hate that they're going ahead with the shirts before providing any refunds. I just realized I filled out the tshirt survey, sort of on autopilot whenever I get kickstarter survey emails... but I do not want a tshirt if it's going to be held against me every time I repeat my request for a refund. And the non-BCC'd email addresses.... yikes. What a disaster. Did anyone check the careers page on primerlabs.com? They list 13 positions available.... 13. I know the right person could fill several roles, but it's astounding that Alex is asking for up to 13 volunteers to step forward and work for free after he blew through $200k. I for one, still have hope in this project and would love to see it to it's fruition. I don't think that claiming your $50 back will do any good, quite frankly, you are buying a promise on kickstarter, and with the amount of negative feedback Alex got, no wonder the motivation wasn't at it's highest. Alex and the team - just remember that there are people who still believe in you, we are not as vocal as the angry customers - but we exist. From someone in the IT industry, that sort of error is unforgivable. Looking even more forward to that refund I requested so that I can wipe my hands of this project. We'll see... I just received the survey email with 473 other email addresses in the To: field. This really is a gift that keeps on giving. Wow. Devs must be knocking down the door! the careers page is down. HE LIVES!!!!!! I totally forgot about this project for the past year or so, yesterday I decided to take a look at the comments as I used to do every week or so and poof, today there is an update. Its a Christmas miracle! We will see. The only thing I can say here that I am very skeptical. (ﾟдﾟ)！ That's my face when I saw there was an update. I for one am crossing my fingers too - but instead of looking for a team - just opensource it? Get more help that way and form a business through offering personal tutors and or guides and or other things that people would like once they get started coding. Holy shit, an update! There's a new level, but that's all. Otherwise just more promises about rebuilding the "team", a new login system (someday), t-shirts shipping (someday), etc. No reason to believe any of it - it's all on Alex to deliver. Cross your fingers, or whatever makes you feel better. @Alex Earp, you can try California small claims court. Granted, that'll take no small amount of effort, particularly if you live outside of California. If you reach out to Dustin Deckard, I think he might give you some contact info of Alex Peake's. Alex Peake (have to use the full name since you both share the same first name, heh) has said before that he'll give a refund to anyone who asks for one, once he has the funds available. --- And yeah. I think we either got scammed, or Alex had a mental break. And us keepers of the Comments-vigil are kind of being masochists. Good luck with that. So, can I get a refund? Jonathan: I've been thinking of pitching a "2 years later..." story to a few websites in the hope that it gains some publicity again. Not going to let Peake fade into the background that easily. He logged in on 12/2, but no answer here. probably checking if the coast is clear. Dustin, is there some way you can get back in touch with the media? I'm not sure what the right way to do this is, but I think Alex should have one last opportunity to come out into the spotlight and try to answer the hard questions. In this particular case it would be good to see if we can't get some of the answers that have been on my mind for probably a year now: 1. Where did the money go? The people Alex hired don't seem to think they got their due, and the trips he went on to talk to people never quite happened. His physical backer rewards never came out, and he got some revenue coming in so where did that go? 2. How far did the project actually get? Our last communication from him indicated that the he at least was working on a particularly complicated piece in anticipation of a large update. How did the project go from working beta to pre-alpha to vaporware? What engineering decisions went right or wrong for them? 3. What does he think is the right thing to do now? The people who paid for his efforts aren't getting what they asked for, the odds of his getting any additional funding aren't particularly promising, and what offers of magnanimity or benefits of the doubt we might have are long gone. What can he do for us, and what does he want to do? I really hope Alex takes the opportunity to acknowledge his backers, his situation, and his mistakes, as well as make amends for what's happened. I don't know what he's planning on doing, but he needs all the goodwill he can recover. I'd like to see someone else take this over. It's dead in the hands it's currently in. Code Hero has so much potential too :( I look at projects like Greywalkers (stuck at 21k out of 100k goal)) that will never make it despite being very promising and having a team/office in place, and others like Xulima that made their low goal (10k) but struggle to make very reasonable stretch goals because so many projects burned the belief in the website/system. I even stayed quiet thinking that this will eventually get made even if highhandedly. Um, how are we doing on this folks? The site has been down for like a week now. Will Alex bother to bring it back up yet again or will he finally disappear from the internet for good? Stay tuned. Eh, morbid curiosity has me checking back every couple of weeks (usually). Dustin's sentiment is right on: too many and more worthy projects failed for lack of funding. Examples like this only make people more gun shy in supporting those projects. End sum: the long lasting effects of this debacle will reverberate well beyond just Alex's reputation and us backers. I think he's effectively screwed a thousand other projects who had the talent to succeed. The biggest problem here is, that Alex has many times promised to communicate with us, but then he just doesn't do that. He's constantly making the situation worse for himself, and by extent to this project, by giving out a poor image of himself as a leader. At this point it looks like no-one is in charge and everyone is just trying to avoid the big responsibility to inform us, the backers, what is really, and I mean REALLY, going on. Arthur, I don't check in on this project with any regularity. As far as I'm concerned the project is a failure. Like njt, I'd love to see it opensourced, so that we at least get that out of it. The idea behind this was great, but as long as Alex is solely responsible, I doubt very much that it will be finished enough for sale. That being said, I thought the same thing about my Openpandora, and that did eventually ship, so who knows. I still consider the idea of Open Sourcing it to be a good one. If anything, it could be his saving grace. It'd be a shame to just let it die down :/ So true, Arthur (about the masochists bit). Every time I come here I just stare at that $170k number and think of how many other projects never got off the ground because they had the talent but not the money. This was the opposite. It was a very expensive lesson in vetting out anyone I throw in for online. We must all be masochists, constantly checking this project when we know what the outcome will be, or rather, *is*. At this point, my only interest here is in seeing if Alex will ever display a hint of manhood and admit he screwed up and will never deliver. Until that point, what a lying weasel... And in a shocking turn of events, all of the websites are down again. Alex, man up. We all know this project is good as dead. Come worth and put it out from its misery. No more "I'll update soon" crap, no false promises, just give us the cold, hard facts. It's back with a big, red Drupal error at the top (and no new content of course). And hey, look at that - the site's down again. primerlabs.com site is back online as of today, still in its shell form, though. It's now been exactly 2 months since the LAST time the site came back online, and it's never been restored fully. Two months ago Alex wrote "It is now back online and under maintenance as we restore users and content. We’ll have the full site back up with the upcoming beta release." None of that ever happened, and no other updates were provided, but that's sort of how the last 18 months have gone, so I'm sure none of you are surprised. And to recap: Alex has been hiding from Twitter since Feb. 12th. The official Code Hero twitter account has been quiet even longer, since Sept. 6, 2012. The Code Hero Facebook page has been quiet since Sept. 3, 2012. I will never understand the choice to abandon your entire online identity and let your name get dragged around for months on end like this... at least, I'll certainly never understand it without Alex explaining it, which doesn't seem like it will happen. As I've said before, I've written this project off as a bad investment that I completely and totally lost. I don't expect Alex will ever be able to complete this. Maybe Alex is still pouring hours and hours into this project, but based on his ability to update any social media accounts or even keep his website online, that doesn't seem super likely. Maybe he's holed away somewhere working on this as hard as he can, and he'll show something new when he reaches a milestone but not until then. But there's no reason to think so. Maybe he's much more unwell than we think, and what he really needs is someone to speak up for him and put an end to all of this. He wouldn't be the first Kickstarter creator to crumble under the pressure of their commitments and actually have a mental break. Either way, I just wish I wasn't so tempted to check this page and his website once a week. Alex, If you're thinking about writing the following comment (assembled from your last two comments), let me spare you the trouble. This is the part we don't need to hear again. Tell us the stuff we've been asking. "Dear Backers, I apologize for the lack of communication lately. We're working to get the site back online as soon as possible and a new alpha release with it. We're also securing additional developers and funding to fulfill shirt rewards and accelerate development. The first beta will be released September 1st and we'll make a full announcement and Q&A on the site when we get it back online. Tragically, I'm working on another technically complex bit that's taken longer than expected and I'll be posting an update soon. Sincerely, Your project creator" Tell us about your bitcoin poker project, Alex. Primerlabs seems to be still down, so it's been off the line for at least 6 days now. At this rate, he'll master Unity just in time for it be no longer supported on any current platform... Looking forward to the next gaming blog article about Code Hero that brings Alex out of hiding just long enough to make one post promising that updates are coming soon. And Primerlabs site is offline again and for the kicker, Alexpeake.com is again occupied by Check and Raise Poker. This project is a joke that just keeps getting less funny each time I check this out. And it would be nice to hear what exactly is Alex's definition of "soon". Glad to see that Alex hasn't actually done anything while I wasn't looking... It could be the game is just running on Valve time :D. If you don't mind, I would like to request my money back. It has been two years with no return. I only funded $42 so i hope it shouldn't be much of a problem. Thank you. Clang also did deliver their physical rewards as well, so in that sense their situation isn't entirely similar with CH. here's another KS, that seems to have similar issues with Code Hero, Clang: <url>"Contact me" button on the project page. How do I know when rewards for a project will be delivered? Projects have an Estimated Delivery Date under each reward. This date (month and year) is entered by project creators as their best guess for delivery to backers. Older projects may not contain this information. Check the project's updates or comments to see if the creator has indicated when they plan to deliver rewards. If a creator is communicative about delivery taking longer than expected, we ask that you take that transparency into account. If a creator is not communicating and you want to know what’s going on, contact the creator by posting a public comment or sending a private message. What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. With this in mind, I think the biggest problem is transparency, as we've been asking for a while, as well as growing concerns that Alex may never get the funds to provide the rewards he promised. He might at least declare the code a commercial release, but I'm really hoping that we're not in a world where educators are finding themselves hamstrung by the lack of Code Hero. Will he ever get the funds? When will he decide his vision doesn't line up with reality? What happens then? As recommended by Kickstarter, I'm trying to be understanding, and I don't understand what's going on here. February 2012 was 19 months ago, and we still don't have answers. How patient are we supposed to be? How demanding are we allowed to become? >"A lot of games are labors of love that take years to finish before the creator is ready," Peake said. "But when you do a Kickstarter, you agree to meet your backers' expectations and communicate a lot, and do everything on a schedule, and that was my failing, to not be able to deliver on time or with enough communication."[1] Alex, We're still here. We're still waiting for improved communication skills and a finished game. Unfortunately, the quote make it seem you're under the impression the project is over. Your inability to converse with the people who've put money in your hands is what is killing our hope for Code Hero. But, all is not lost. If you start communicating professionally now, even super late in the game, opinions will change. Drastically. DO IT. >"This is a very litigious country and [being sued] is a very scary prospect," Peake said. "I don't think that it's the right thing to do when someone is trying to do a good thing and has released versions of the project that took nine months to make. It seems like it would be a better idea to ask how to help finish the project."[1] That's incredibly disingenuous. The right thing to do is correct the course of Code Hero's ship. That will be best accomplished by applying the inverse of your current communication strategy. Suggestion: Start by announcing (here, on primerlabs, and maybe even to some tech media) a public Q and A in #codehero, and then follow through with it. You had the vision for CodeHero. You created the project. You solicited the funds. You built (are building) interesting beta/alpha/demos. You're completely failing at backer communication. You're completely failing in maintaining time schedules. You've failed to complete this project on time. That backers are unhappy enough to suggest seeking remedy in what is essentially their only avenue of recourse is to be expected. Again, communicating *now* will resolve much of the tension. As for expecting people to offer help unsolicited, how often have you seen that in a commercial project? Again, communicating your desire for free help might just attract more than not. For the record, I commented way back on March 5, 2012 about the importance of communication with backers. [1] <url>"ambitious upstart entrepreneur pitches idea to community, oversells his dreams," and as much as I'd hate to be CEO of Primer Labs right now I think it's only fair to take stock of how we can make things right for the people who were expecting usable product by now. By my estimate, this Kickstarter project advertises the following (and it still says so on the home page, which, if this changes, would probably amount to fraud): 1. By 12/26/2011, Code Hero was in beta, which is a well-defined milestone: (<url>#Beta) 2. For a mere $100,000, Code Hero would be completed as it was "carefully designed to be achievable for much less money by having 4 programmers and 2 artists work for six months." 3. By 02/2012, the developers estimated that their product would not only be ready, it would be in the hands of backers. There should be no doubt about the fact that the game went from being in feature complete beta to being in alpha after it hit its $100,000 goal. I think the interviews and what data we have indicate that "careful design" was a misnomer at best, and given how reluctant Alex has been to explain what went wrong, it's possible said designs were closer to ballpark figures instead of a structured, milestone-based budget. And I don't think anyone here is holding a copy of the completed Code Hero game in their hands, much less on a plane, teaching programming to kids with it, or any of the other rewards. For the record, I found the original "beta" highly entertaining, and was willing to back it for $13, even though it was a barebones product. I actually thought that would be all the game would amount to before community contributions. But as the situation stands now, it's really hard for me to think this was a series of innocent mistakes, and I can't help but wonder what greater good the $45,630 might do if it hadn't been poured into a project that mysteriously regressed its release cycle and lacked the staff, oversight, and planning it purported to have. Are we still going to do something about this? I'm only doing this because other people have been rather egregiously wronged and there's at least some legal grounds to try and make things right. I had a about a dozen people tweet at me or email me to say they never saw Alex Peake or Code Hero anywhere at PAX, a couple of them journalists who were hoping to get an interview. That's not definitive, obviously, but it seems he didn't show. Not really a big surprise, and obviously there's the expense of the booth space (even if shared, it's expensive) and travel, etc. to consider. Would have been nice to see some news or anything at all, but remember that in Peake's last interview with Joystiq he talked about a new, beta build in September, so maybe we'll see something in the next few weeks. I thought he was supposed to be there (at PAX Prime) in the Indie Megabooth, but Code Hero does not seem to listed on the Indie Megabooth's website. Be interesting to see if anyone can confirm he showed. Does anyone know if they are actually at PAX The build is pretty simple and doesn't seem to have a lot of content, as far I tried it. First there's some basic rotate, scale, move stuff with blocks, then some pretty simple code examples. After I went through those I was again sent to those basic rotate, scale move exercises which get, in all honesty, pretty boring the first time you do those. On a completely unrelated topic, are there any other programming games you've enjoyed? I used to own a copy of MindRover which was a pretty fun 3D robot simulation (it might be hard to find a copy now). There's also the program vs program game Core Wars which is supposed to be a classic, though I've never gotten around to trying it and it seems less accessible in its visual presentation than some other games. There's also RoboCom (<url>"hardcore" game that would have more of a storyline and familiar game conventions (this is where, in my opinion, Code Hero should come in).** Anyway, I know there's a ton of other programming games out there, so do any of you have favorites of your own? **Oh, I almost forgot, there's also Double Fine's recent prototype of the game "Hack 'n' Slash" which is a Zelda-inspired game in which you hack the game from within the game. It's not much more than a proof of concept currently, but the concept has some very cool parts (like game structures that map directly to directory structures and script assets exposed in themed ways throughout the game). Does anyone have comments on the new build? I haven't actually played it myself yet, but I'd be interested in hearing thoughts from anyone who has. BTW, checkandraisepoker.net is still hosting their game content at 50.97.99.218, which I'm going to assume doesn't mean anything. I'd still really like an explanation for this if anyone has one, but since the Primer sites are back, I'm happy to forget about the poker stuff. Thomas - couple of notes - 1) Who's making threats to get the police involved? I don't remember any discussion of a criminal case taking place here. 2) You are right that more complaining and criticism in the comments here isn't very productive, and I think most people here understand that, but... Alex does not deserve any respect or consideration from these people. He took our money and spent it unwisely until it was gone. He had more than enough money to get all of the rewards in order and still have every penny of the goal he set for himself ($100k). So frankly, I don't get the "disproportionately mean" statement you made. Regardless of how silly it was for all of us to give this guy any of our money, he still took advantage of us and got the best deal out of this whole thing. He was able to take our money, do whatever he wanted with it with no oversight (since he chose not to communicate finances with his backers), ignore the original scope he set out for himself, and now is just in the position of "well, whatever, if I ever finish this game by myself maybe I'll make enough money to print up these tshirts." Understanding that Kickstarter money is NOT a loan, he still managed to get $200k that he may never have to pay back, and certainly not ever have to consider interest. So again, regardless of whether or not it's "our" fault for giving this guy our money, he still failed, not us. As investors, we have ever right to be pissed. As some others have pointed out - if this wasn't Kickstarter, and he had gotten his $200k+ from other investment means, he would be held accountable in much more strict ways than a few dozen angry internet people leaving pissed off comments. Seems like a pretty damn fair trade-off to me. Jonathan, I'm not arguing for sympathy, I'm just pointing out that going back for quite a ways people have been disproportionately mean. Ultimately, it's better for him to not be communicating if it means he's actually working on the project, rather than spending a ton of time and energy on the outspoken critics making libelous claims. Yes, he should have done a better job of managing the resources and of delivering, but frivolous threats to involve the police without any evidence of criminal acts isn't exactly something that I would expect to make updates more likely. Ultimately, a lot of the information that people seem to want probably doesn't exist. It sounds like most of the money has been spent, so the rewards will have to be paid for via sales of the game once it's finished. The release date itself is contingent upon being finished, but considering how the planning has been done up until now, I doubt anybody has any idea when that will be. Having folks threatening lawsuits and other legal action makes it substantially harder to release any information as there's legal consequences to that as well. Obviously, people are entitled to whatever feelings they might have, but that doesn't mean that spewing them all over the comment section without consideration is productive. I've been there and done that, after about 4 years, I finally got my OpenPandora, which was in many ways a similar situation. At this point the money is spent, so excessive fist shaking is not likely to be good for moving things along or ones health. Thomas, What we do know is that Alex owes people physical rewards, which are rewards he could have fulfilled originally. There's an interview where he explicitly admits that they estimated the costs of shipping the shirts and USB sticks, and even after taxes and fees, the amount remaining would well exceed the $100k asking price so prominently displayed. The real problems here are that many of us have been following the developments of this project as closely as we can, and we have never heard encouraging news. We've been told that Alex is committed to the project, we've been reassured that the rewards will come when the money is available, we've been promised deadline after deadline after deadline, and even promised explanations of missed deadlines, only to hear nothing. We still don't know what Alex is planning to make, when he's planning to finish it, or how he's expecting to get it done. It doesn't seem likely that there are any investors who could believe in Alex's vision, much less his track record so far, and what information we are getting continues to make us less confident, not more, in his credibility and integrity. Over and over, I and others have asked for Alex to give us answers; it's easy to promise ambiguous, ambitious deliverables, and even easier to keep backers in the dark when things don't go as planned. I don't think we could make it any clearer that we'd rather have the truth, and yet we're still left with apologies, broken promises, and worrying third party accounts. We want him to set the record straight, we need him to own up to what's happened, and in the end, we'd really like it if he could take the time to realize 7,459 people wish he'd lived up to the expectations he'd set. I don't come back here hoping that someone will have "gotten" Alex, and somehow avenged us, but if you look at the time that's gone by and what few words he's offered, it should be no surprise that I'm not confident Alex is going to be able to see his vision through. Not only has he mismanaged the funds, he's not telling us what we need to know, and we don't even know why he's so scared to do so. As much as I'm hoping that Alex has done the wrong things with the right intentions, the only way he can clear his name is to tell us what went wrong. So yes, I agree. No one knows if he actually misled us, or if he's even really out of money as he's said. But I can't agree that Alex deserves any sympathy for hiding from the people who paid him. Something is wrong here, and everything we know about Alex, about Code Hero, and about Kickstarter leave much to be desired. Until he sets the record straight, I don't think he should be surprised by the unfounded (or frighteningly well-supported) speculation his silence encourages. A few hours and a long letter to his backers would really help us understand his side of the story, so the longer he keeps us waiting, the more we're left wondering what could be so bad that Alex would rather keep us in the dark. I honestly think Alex deserves to finish Code Hero, but there's no point pretending that he hasn't missed his deadlines, run out of funds, and a long, hard, away from realizing his vision. We were promised more, and I think people who want to invest their money elsewhere should have that right. @Jack, I can't entirely blame him for avoiding the spotlight right now. What with the libelous accusations and threats of prosecution for crimes for which there's no evidence. At this stage all we really know is that the project was poorly managed and planned, but that does not necessarily mean that there's been a crime committed. So I guess the only way to get an update out of Alex is for a gaming blog to do a story about the failed Kickstarter? That seems to be the pattern, anyway. I'm definitely surprised that there's a new build out, I was certain that the project was dead. Color me surprised, an update on Code Hero wasn't something I was expecting to see. I'm going to DL that beta and give it a spin. Yeah, your marketing sucks. How Primer Labs teaches kids to code with their learning platform: "This is your code gun. There are many like it, but this one is yours." Really, how do you want me to sell that to parents or a school admin or coding teacher? Oh, let's imagine it together, lets please. "Heh, well they're just having a bit o' fun ya know. Remember that great line in that movie about a little U.S. police action or war and such? What, oh sure girls like it, hey, everybody likes guns, shooty shooty, bang bang. It's just a little imagination, war, like a sprinkle of fairy dust to fuel our childhood fantasy of becoming "ALL POWERFUL" and dominating everything. With U.S. military guns. and bullets. Tell ya what. It's healthy, don't worry about it too much. Just marketing ya see." So the site's back and there's an update. I'm honestly pretty surprised, but this is an interesting positive development. Still puzzled as to what happened and what's happening, but hey, new build. Also, for whatever it's worth, I'm playing the new build tonight. The achievements are neat and something that works really well with education games. I wish there was a way to view them to all. I also wish we could log in again, or get an idea of what exactly has changed in this build... still waiting on those patch notes we were told were coming so very many moons ago. Ha, thanks Alan. And big props to Jess Conditt at Joystiq for taking the time to tell several sides of the story. I'm glad she was able to talk to David Lopez, one of the people who worked on Code Hero before things started to fall apart. If you're a backer, this article paints a bigger picture than what we've seen from just the project updates. <url>"bitcoin accepted here" banner linking to bitcoin.org and a "GetChipsNow" page with the following message: "Deposits- BTC spot value is determined by when it ARRIVES. Minimum Deposit 0.20 BTC(20% of a Bitcoin). EMAIL <email> RIGHT AWAY with: The pokername to be credited,The deposit amount,(in BTC) and The BTC address to confirm. Chips are credited immediatly after confirmation. Withdrawls- BTC Spot Value is determined when you submit your withdrawl.Support will email back with approved price and chips. Minimum Withdrawl= 0.5 BTC(half of a Bitcoin). Email <email> to request a withdrawl through BTC. CheckandRaisePoker.eu chip value is $0.01 USD per (one cent) PLEASE NOTE WITHDRAWLS CAN TAKE UP TO 8 HOURS FROM THE TIME CHIPS ARE REMOVED(you will be emailed) DUE TO SECURITY SCREENING FOR FAIR PLAY.WE BELIEVE THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO PROTECT ALL PLAYERS.We also suggest for the casual player using trusted Bitcoin wallets such as Coinbase. Address for deposits:1Hb4akrka3h4x9etAfaxQgbsYmQ6Wn2xgH" The copyright info on the page has been changed to read "Copyright 2013 Las Vegas Productions LLC." There's also an "Affiliates" page describing a convoluted affiliate advertising program. I'm never going to back another video game kickstarter again. Sigh. Kickstarter has not returned any of my messages, tweets, etc. Not really surprising, but it is unfortunate. Their support team doesn't have the best reputation. I realise it's not Kickstarter's responsibility but has anyone even discussed this with them? Hate to be the bearer of bad news Peter, but while Neil may have some additional insight for you, it would only be because he is an attorney. He did not file a class action suit against his failed Kickstarter, he just did a small claims suit. If you want to try to find someone willing to take this case as class action, feel free, good luck, and let me know if I can help. But I have been trying for 6 months and the facts are: Alex spent all his money - he reportedly has enough left to live off of for a while, but he's also reportedly a trust fund kid so we can't assume where his living expenses are coming from. Also, $200k is not enough money for an attorney to go through all the hassle of a class action suit, certainly not for free. If someone wants to pony up around $10k for a retainer to get something off the ground... power to you. But I don't have that kind of money (spent it all on failed Kickstarters heh heh). v Tomimt, I think the right step is for someone with the means/desire to start organizing...some kind of a legal prosecution where lots of us can get our money back all at once. That may be called a "class action", or maybe something else is better, I'm not sure. Dustin suggested that CA backers try to get refunded through small claims court...but in my case, I contributed little enough, that I simply don't feel like it's worth the effort of dragging myself through the CA legal system to get it back. (Note, I'm not waiving any legal rights with that statement - I'm just saying that it's a tiring thing to do, leading me to not do anything about it just yet.) That said, if someone (or several people) were to organize a class action (or something) so that lots of us could get our money back all at once...that would save lots of people time, and gets lots of people their refunds. I think a good start would be to contact Neil Singh (<url>"Kickstarter Class Action"? EG, if Neil Singh is able to successfully help us out, he could get a positive reputation as the "Kickstarter Lawyer" or something (not sure if he's actually a lawyer). Any lawyer/legal-types out there hoping to make a name for themselves? All of that being said - as always Alex, if you'd like to start being transparent and have generous communication with us backers, the sooner the better. I think it's safe to assume we all would want a refund. I think US based backers could look into possible legal action, but us others can pretty much just hope for the best. Those who are entitled of physical rewards, or higher pledges, propably have better changes of getting refunded. But in all we are on rarely walked grounds here. From the Kickstarter FAQ: ------------------ Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. -------------- So, what is our next step? I honestly just want my refund at this point. The checkandraisepoker.com site is now redirecting to 50.97.99.218:8087. I think when I checked yesterday it wasn't in use. That domain is another one registered by Domains By Proxy on July 4th. This continues to not make any sense. At this point, if Alex is behind the poker sites, he's spending a bit of cash on it (buying a minimum of three domains through proxies and putting some amount of development effort into the site). This seems excessive as a diversion. If he is NOT behind the sites, who on earth could be? They already have three themed domains, the only thing Peake's domains bring is notoriety and a lack of credibility as a legit poker site. It's worth pointing out again that the Peake sites are not re-directing to an established poker site: the main poker web app is on the Primer Labs IP address. The fact that the IP address has remained the same also implies that the hosting company (SoftLayer) hasn't changed since Peake controlled the site. The site's been updated again: the placeholders for number of players and tables that I commented on yesterday have been changed to "xxxxx tables" and "xxxxx players". The "register" button now goes to a site that loads some flash-based poker thing at the IP address 50.97.99.218 (it's a Dallas-based IP that used to be associated with Primer Labs). Since we're now dealing with active content, I'm more reluctant to poke around, but it is possible to create accounts and there does seem to be a poker system of some sort in place (no money is involved at the moment and there still appears to be no real users). There are also some adverts for checkandraisepoker.eu showing up around the site and that domain is hosting the same content as Alex's sites. The EU domain was registered on July 4, 2013 by Marcaria (a domain registration service). What will happen next? Will this actually turn into a full-fledged gambling site? How many different domain registration services decided to register "checkandraisepoker" domains around July 4-5? Stay tuned to find out! --- But getting back to Code Hero, in the best case, Alex is not responsible for this new turn of events which means that he's merely lost control of the websites and is continuing his policy of conspicuous silence. Does anyone have more info on Alex? I mean, he wouldn't go and scam ppl if he used his real name, would he? Something like this could haunt him forever. Each day it's getting clearer that Alex is just hoping that we'd forget about this all. What makes me even sadder is, that he never did man up and come clean about the failure of the project. I've had a few Code Hero buyers email me over the last few days asking what's up with Alex's website. Unfortunately, there are lots and lots of people who bought the game directly from his website, rather than Kickstarter. :( We know Alex made over $30k from those poor souls. They actually might have better legal standing than us backers, since we're the "idiots" who gave Alex our money as part of a crowd-funding campaign, and the direct sales were pretty obviously pre-orders that deserve refunds. I'd still be happy to wait for Code Hero and not ask for a refund if there was any evidence whatsoever that you hadn't given up on it. Just post a few lines telling us what's up! Doesn't even have to be an update, but don't do this. If you don't want your reputation ruined forever, you gotta do at least that. Remember, the internet NEVER forgets, but it does forgive, if you ask for it, that is. Can we at least get credit equivalent to our pledges at your new casino? Alex, can you seriously not even take 2 minutes out of your day to type up a couple of sentences letting the people who gave you $170k know why the project site now points to an online casino? I see I was wrong about how long primerlabs.com has been offline: it's actually been since June 30 (before the registration of the poker domain). So someone first took down Alex's sites, then bought a domain, then decided to start working on their poker site on his domains anyway. Or possibly the sites went down on their own and a cybersquatter picked it up to start their business (why they'd ever want a gambling site on alexpeake.com, I don't know). Or maybe the sites are just really lazy fakes. Alex, if you see this (and your last login was a few days ago, so you probably will), now would be a good time to defend yourself. The registrant of checkandraisepoker.net is Domains By Proxy, LLC... which tells us nothing other than whoever owns the domain doesn't want to be identified. Also, both alexpeake.com and primerlabs.com contain the same material, but only those two sites currently show up in Google search results for "CheckandRaisePoker maintains the highest standard of security" (a phrase found at the bottom of the page) [screenshot: <url>"online now" part has placeholder numbers (123 tables and 1234 players). Who would hack a webpage then slowly develop a gambling site in its place? "CheckandRaisePoker" apparently, but Google doesn't turn up any results for that brand, so it's apparently a brand new company (or one with terrible SEO). checkandraisepoker.net was registered on July 5, 2013 according to domain-kb.com which was shortly before primerlabs.com went offline. checkandraisepoker.net is currently a GoDaddy holding page. My best guess at the moment is that Alex is behind the development of the placeholder site and it's possible that the poker site itself is his next project. If so, it would be a marked departure from his previous revolutionize-the-world efforts. To be clear, I'm not aware of any direct link between Alex and checkandraisepoker besides the hosting of the site, but whatever's happening is extraordinarily dodgy. Yeah... unless Alex shows up at PAX with Code Hero in a few weeks (and even then, who knows if he'll update the Kickstarter) it's possible he's washes his hands of this whole mess. Either my first suspicion was right, and he forgot to pay his domain or hosting bill and lost control of his domains/DNS... or he's sold them off, or he's just pointed them at that gambling site to intentionally misdirect people. This could be the nail in the coffin for this thing. Suffice it to say, I don't think it will be right for us to let anyone considering a future Peake venture go unawares of an unbroken, well-established pattern. While I think Alex deserves to try as many times as he wants, I imagine future contracts will entail more involved supervision, milestones instead of lump sums, and an actual contract enforcing deliverables. How we want to maintain awareness is a different matter, but $200k is not to be spent lightly, even from crowd funding, and I'm worried for both Alex and whomever he might find audience with. There's a small chance he might want to go to business school and pick up a computer science degree to back his vision with some pedigree. So, uh... right now, primerlabs.com and alexpeake.com are pointed at an online gambling site. Consider me confused. Alex signs into Skype pretty regularly if anyone wants to find him on there... If any backers are interested in downloading the game, you can do so here: <url>↓ From his biography on his now down site: --- He created an online empire simulation game called Mage Princes using play-by-email turn files to bypass FirstClass BBS systems' lack of game support. Hundreds of players signed up to pay for the sequel which he planned to include more sophisticated military, economic and tradecraft RPG elements to allow players to cooperatively build nations. When a BBS shutdown and a hard drive crash destroyed his 7th grade business, he dreamed bigger and decided to finish school to focus on developing the game. --- Had an idea(rpg) - built a part of it - took money - something happened -- new idea(corsets) -- built a part of it - took money - something happened -- new idea(code hero) -- built a part of it.... etc etc In each case something happens and he moves onto something "bigger and better". Alex, it's not hard to get a site up. It's not hard to show progress. It is hard to admit defeat and face up to your failure. You will see criminal prosecution if you continue to... dare I say it, play games. No more postponing, you've done that far too many times already. Either show concrete evidence of you actually doing things or finally come clean. Also, don't tell us that these comments are the reason for you not being able to go on - or it wasn't good enough. I was there when you were releasing new alphas in irc. There was nothing but hope in those channels. I'm sure if you look for negativity you can find it, but there was hope too. The reason you're getting so much heat is because you fall into a pattern that has already been seen time and time again. Do something different this time - be it actually succeed or to face it like a man. Anything other than what you've shown us so far. Show us you can change, man. Criminal prosecution is the way to go with circumstances such as this. @Peter- I have not reached out to him personally, but I've read everything I could find with his name, and it appears he simply filed a small claims suit against his project creator, which was easier since it was in the same state. I would personally encourage any backers reading this who live in California to pursue filing a smalls claims suit - it's much easier if you're in the state vs out of state. @Dustin, have you tried reaching out to Neil Singh? It appears that he's one of the first people to successfully pursue legal action against a failed KS project: <url>"a copy of the game" was. That way there's at least a chance it will see completion, eventually. As for the one you mentioned, open sourcing would be a bit more complicated because it's a board game. At the same time, we've seen most of the game components in one form or another, so they must exist in some form. Which means a print-n-play version could theoretically be released, along with CAD models for the minis which would allow for 3d-printing if you really wanted the full experience. Ultimately, some KS projects are going to fail, and it's probably for the best if they are up front about doing so and try to find a way to come to a mutually workable solution with their backers. For those keeping an eye on other "failed" KS projects, there's a $122k board game project that just bit the dust today. At least the creator had the balls to give his backers a straight answer (project is cancelled) but people are still furious since he apparently has a year long history of misleading backers and making lots of claims that never panned out. Sound familiar, anyone? That project is here: <url>"quietly disappear into the night" part of the scam. It's sad that this project was so disastrous that I'm extra cautious now in choosing whether to back other projects. I'm really sensitive to whether these campaigns are over promising... Alex: you're ruining it for everyone. Hi Jonathan - you're correct, there's plenty of evidence against him. The challenge is finding a legal rep who wants to take the case as a class action deal, which to be blunt I've had trouble with. Everyone knows how slowly the courts move, so there's still no precedent for a class-action case against a Kickstarter like this. Does anyone have good references for legal counsel? I am tragically unprepared in this regard, but I'm hopeful that between the 7,459 of us there are a few people who will know who to turn to. It's time to figure out what we can do, and how long it will take to put it together. I don't think we should wait, and I certainly don't think we should stop, even if Alex delivers on his September beta. It sounds like he wants to move on, and in that case, what makes the most sense is a civil, if law-enforced, resolution. There are people who want their money back, people who want answers, and people who want what he has so far, and it seems reasonable to try to get all three from Alex. Has anyone got the comprehensive list of every instance Alex has gone on record and spoken to a media outlet or one of us directly? I remember that he explicitly admitted to having more than the funds he asked for and still deciding not to fulfill physical rewards, that he said the money ran out paying developers for some amount of months, and that he was trying to raise additional funding, which means that he asked for $100,000, got $200,000, and then needed more. The comments he's made here alone are enough to show how many updates, verbal or deliverable, he's promised, and I suspect that if we go through his interviews there's plenty more evidence to make our case. It kind of blows my mind that instead of figuring out how much it would cost to fulfill each of the physical rewards and then setting aside that amount from those pledges, he just went ahead and spent everything. Without being told otherwise, I think we have to assume that there's two primary possibilities for why we're not being kept in the loop: 1) There is embarrassingly little work done, the game is hardly different than it was before the $200k came in. And 2) Alex just doesn't want to give up the rights in any capacity, so he can keep his name on it forever and eventually people will (hopefully not) forget that this was such a disaster and he can put another "startup" under his belt. Yeah, those are both super pessimistic, but I don't think anyone can blame me for being pessimistic after everything we've been through with this fiasco. We're about 3 weeks in now, with the website down. My big fear through all of this is that Alex is just stringing us along at this point, hoping the clamor will continue to get quieter and quieter so he can completely walk away. As others have echoed, I think the best case scenario is that we get an open source release, someone else is able to get an authentication server up, and a few excellent "the sad story of Code Hero" articles get written to we can close this chapter of Kickstarter/Peake history. Ultimately it is what it is, but I don't understand how they could be out of money without even having the base system completed. If they've truly run out of money and given up, the least they could do is open source the code or otherwise give back to the community. I'm only out $31 on this, but I know there's folks that have lost more than I made last year. Polygon's article from December is actually pretty informative. For some reason, I never saw it. <url>#19 was also a pretty good attempt at communication and again reading it now, it does answer a lot of the questions I had about what's happened to the project, so I'll give the team credit for that (although it also promised a bunch of things that didn't materialize, so it'd be great if you could get to those things). The one big question that it didn't really address was what did the team actually spend time working on and what got done? I get that the money went into developer salaries, but what did that go into? The main reason I've been pushing to having this project stopped or open-sourced is because I believe that it stands no chance of succeeding with its current direction and funding status. I've been programming for about as long as I can remember (which, admittedly, is not all that long). And yes, if it were my own project, I would still believe I could pull it off somehow. But rationally, if it was my project and it was in this state, it wouldn't matter what I believed; you should have enough empirical evidence of your progress by now to get a grounded estimate of whether you can complete the project. Don't just think it's a matter of time to finish: do some project management. List the tasks you still need to finish. Estimate how long you think you'll need to get them done. Do some code sprints and figure out how long it actually takes you and then you can scale your estimates by your actual measures. If you try this and it seems like you'll actually finish at some point this decade, then tell us about it! If you try it and it looks like you won't be done before 281 474 976 712 644 AD, then still tell us about it and have a good long think. Good to know, Dustin. That page did seem a little unusual for an affiliate link. I can buy the "no money for hosting" theory. We know that there's no money for the project, and one way or another most other problems come back to that (with the notable exception of the communication issues). I wouldn't be surprised if there's another Alex Peake project on the horizon. It seems to be in his nature to come up with project ideas and try to launch them, which I don't begrudge him for at all. I'd be willing to support Alex in the future (not financially, but in principle) if he simply called an official end to all these projects he's left hanging and dealt directly with the consequences of that. The constant refrain of saying they're not dead when they clearly are is what's pushing these projects into scam territory. I don't think it's an intentional scam: it's a pyramid scheme where even the top of the pyramid loses. Unless it really IS a scam, in which case it's been a very effective. Anyway, I got sidetracked there. I don't think it's a scam. I do think that Alex is being intentionally obtuse in his communications and he seems extremely willing to ignore obligations that are inconvenient to his plans. I suspect he also thinks that these problems will go away if he ever gets to be "in the right place at the right time" to make a brilliant product or, barring that, when the technological singularity happens. Anyway, Alex, just tell us what's happening with the project. No really, it'll be fun. Think of how much better you'll feel afterwards. You don't need to wait for PAX every year. To make matters worse, someone anonymously sent a "tip" to my email that Alex has moved on (in some capacity) and is working with a new alternate reality glasses/gaming startup... so that's a thing. I have no other info to confirm, so please spare me the lectures. I haven't dug up anything of substance but I wouldn't put it past some of you. Not trying to start rumors here - just want to see if anyone can confirm for us. And Majugi - the primerlabs.com site isn't a MS affiliate link - that's just a default landing page for the IIS service on a Windows server. Basically just means he's got the domain connected to a server, but it's not configured correctly to point to the actual website content. It's not anything to do with ads or monetizing clicks. My best guess is that he didn't pay his hosting bill, the site was deleted, and he doesn't have a proper backup. In which case, of course, there's no good reason for him to keep that information private, since it's currently just making him look like a dick. If there's another, technical reason why the site's not up, he would be well served to tell us - I'm sure some backers could help, offer hosting or any other assistance. While I'm willing to admit my own blue eyednes with this project, as I backed it in my initial enthustiastic phase of KS and didn't do proper research on it, all this is leaving a very bad taste in my mouth. After learning about those tactical corsets I can't help but to feel that Peake was set out to fool us from the get go. Huh, so apparently the Tactical Corsets site went down on around June 2 (judging by the comments on the Facebook page for that project). It's okay though, because Alex is always up for a relaunch if this post from February 2012 (at the end of the Code Hero campaign) is anything to go by: "!@tacticalcorsets will relaunch! I made Code Hero, a game to teach you to make games @Kickstarter <url>" Speaking of which, had I known about the Tactical Corsets (or lack thereof) I would never have backed this project. On the other hand, the MMO stretch goal was warning enough that this wasn't going to happen. This is more than "rather disappointing" -- this is an unbelievably catastrophic failure of a Kickstarter that happened at the same time as an ongoing catastrophic pre-order business failure. Looking back on this, it's hard to believe I ever supported this project, but I like programming games enough that I was willing to throw money at it as a general gesture of goodwill. I'm not looking for a return on that investment. I'm not expecting a breakthrough game. I just feel bad for enabling this delusional project. If you're reading this Alex, I know what I'm saying here isn't particularly constructive, but if you want constructive advice you should read the comments from the preceding year -- most of them could still help you dig your way out of this if you'd actually learn from them. For anyone still interested in the project itself, the best written information I've seen about it is this article from November: <url>—help us help you. Sincerely, Jonathan I think Xero said it well at <url>"[Quoting Alex from the Colin Campbell article,] 'It's hard to respond until the release is done in a way that will address people's concerns.' [Xero responds:] Actually, no it's not. It is not hard to post weekly with, 'Hey guys, right now we're doing blahblahblah,' or a, 'Sorry guys that we said the new build would come out on May 21st, but it's unfortunately still got some kinks in it.' You do not have to directly respond to criticism, just respond." If it still feels stressful to update us Alex, you could get someone else to do it for you. EG, Shaun Hansel (who was announced as our new community manager), anyone you know who wouldn't mind doing it; maybe even a volunteer from us backers, if that works best for you. Honestly, keeping us updated will I think feel like a /relief/. If we're told what you're working on, and get a couple of our questions answered regularly, then the current vibe of frustration coming from actively commenting backers should substantially calm down. Saying nothing adds fuel to the feeling that this is a scam. Transparency fixes that. As you must have noticed, you coming on here (and talking to Colin Campbell) helps. If we could have maybe 3-5 times as much communication from you (or a representative from your team), that'd be excellent. For example, one update sometime next week, saying whatever you like, would I think be a good start. Sorry to end on a negative note, but: If you plan on going back to radio silence until PAX, I don't think the [small minority of] backers keeping up with the comments page, have the patience to wait through 2 months of silence. With all due respect, we've /been/ waiting, and I think our patience to endure more months of silence is wearing thin. Be well. You ignore everyone here for months and months and months and only pop out whenever there's enough unrest to get the press involved. And even then, all we've got to read are renewed commitments to get another ALPHA build out at PAX, and a plan to start selling the game to schools to raise funding. Complaining about how rough it is to get work done when people are criticizing you seems silly... by my rough count, well under 5% of your backers have made any public complaints. If you want people to stop complaining, it's painfully obvious how easy it is to resolve that problem. Stop making promises you can't keep, and don't ignore the people who gave you the green light on this project. They're only asking for a tiny, tiny amount of your time once a month or so. On another note - I'm starting to feel like unfortunately, legal action (I don't know what kind exactly, I'm not a lawyer) may be a good thing to pursue at this point in time. The way I see it, both of the trending backer positions are valid: "Mr. Peake tried and he failed, I lost my money, let's move on"; and "I didn't get what I was legally promised, I'm taking this to court for answers/compensation". Even for those backers that are willing to move on, I think everyone will appreciate it if legal action sheds some light on what's been going on with Code Hero & Mr.Peake. And as it is unfortunately a possibility that Mr.Peake was "scamming" us (that isn't my impression, but given the lack of transparency we've had, it's possible), legal action finding out whether that was indeed the case or not would I think also be appreciated by all. Does anyone have any suggestions for how Mr.Peake might get free/cheap legal advice/defense? Is anyone willing to offer him legal counsel? (Apologies if I'm using legal terms improperly, I'm not a lawyer.) Should he just start calling different lawfirms to ask if they'll represent him for free, or is there a better method that he can follow? I'm not saying that we should wait until Mr. Peake says something like "Hey everyone, I found some legal counsel" before backers here start taking legal action, or anything like that. It just seemed fair for me to point Mr.Peake in the general direction of his own legal defense. (But again, if he does nothing about it, don't let that stop our own legal action as backers.) Note: When trying to start the game, don't write it off as "frozen up" until you've waited 5 minutes. I had to wait about 5 minutes for each of my login attempts to fail (the screen is frozen for that long - when it's done, the animations & scrolling quotes start moving again). Clicking 'Guest Mode' takes a similar amount of time (maybe slightly less time) before it finally launches the game. I downloaded this (which I think is the latest publicly-accessible version) maybe a month ago. It was freely available (didn't require me to login or anything), so I don't think there's any harm in me posting it here. (If it turns out that there is, I have no problem with taking the link down.) <url>"bad faith" as has been discussed, since now even if backers did want to play the build that's available I'm not sure they could log into it. Can someone test out what, if any functionality is available through the latest build? Assuming you have it downloaded someone. That seems to be yet another nail for the coffin for this project. The site has also gone down... Not sure what to think at this point. Was hoping that the "Big update" was true, though... Having read some more of the comments, I feel I should rescind my previous comment about the way Alex is handling (or rather not handling) this situation. I think I agree with Jonathan Jou and heartily commend Alex listens to his suggestions. @tomint Don't forget it says: "We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." To me the way this is handled looks amateuristic; but I don't think you can convincingly claim bad faith. It's a kickstarter; you took a risk and it went bad. This is inherent to such a crowdfunding scheme. Cut your losses and don't risk money you can't bear losing. What is our course of action at this point? I already lost all faith in this project. Do we continue to wait indefinitely or do we start a class action? I am very doubtful Alex able to refund anything. He doesn't even respond to our backers now. I am willing to write off my lost. We can at least open the source code and assets for the gaming community in case any group/person still interested in this project. Well, nice to see nothing's changed in the couple of months I've ignored this project. Alex is nothing if not consistent. After this fiasco he's going to have to get a real job, but with a track record of failed ethics like this he's pretty much unemployable. I've said this before: he's going to have to kickstart a project to create refunds before we see any money back. This guy has squandered every bit of capital we put up for it. <url>"for sale" on the Primer Labs website as of today. There's even a student edition for kids under the age of 14 (which is exactly the same as any other version -- right down to the pricing and "exclusives" of the Kickstarter tiers -- except with a red mock-up cover design). Trying to continue selling the game so that you can afford to refund the earlier donors is absurd. @ Jonathan, I did request a refund a couple week ago, but haven't heard back. I didn't lose too much in this project (I'm in the same tier as you), but I do want there to be accountability. I think it's important that we don't set a precedent where a creator can act like this. As for Alex, the failure of this project *should* be painful, but I don't think it needs to be a "tragedy". Repaying $170K would be very difficult, but I think that if Alex officially called an end to the project, disclosed what happened in as much detail as possible, and provided all the assets that were created with the funding money, there would be a number of backers who would be willing to accept that outcome without a refund (particularly at the lower tiers that make up the bulk of the funding). I don't honestly expect Alex to do this at this point, because I'm personally convinced he's just hoping we'll all forget about this. The worrisome part is that waiting for everyone to lose interest in the project has so far been a viable strategy (even if the money is repaid, it's an interesting trick for getting a two year, interest-free loan of $170K). Bankruptcy is also an option. Businesses and individuals go bankrupt all the time; it's not the end of the world, it's a way to handle insurmountable debt. It's not bankruptcy that's tragic, but the massive debts that lead to it. tresa, I'm not sure what you mean by a working code. You can download the alpha from <url>"login" first. The opening screen also has a 'create account' button, which takes you to <url>"hey, it's Tuesday" - just when I thought this project couldn't surprise me any more, another blatantly missed deadline with no acknowledgement from Alex. There's no update over on primerlabs.com, either. Checked my email, and sure enough, there's the angry backers! I'm responding to as many of you as possible with the contact information I have for Alex. It's easy enough to look up for yourself - it's on the web publicly, but I'd rather not post it here. Please refer to my last few comments with instructions on how to send Alex a formal "demands letter" with the help of the California courts system. Unbelievable, what a slap in the face! Another outright lie about releasing a major update. I honestly do not even care about the updates at this point. I want a refund or, barring that, to take legal action. Having only risked ~$30, I was willing to just write this off; but for Alex to continue adding insult to injury is just too much. So. It is Tuesday. Where is the major update promised for Monday? Alex, you seriously just pushing your luck. Does anybody know the address for Prime Lab for me to send the demand letter? I don't think skepticism or frustration is really what you're faced with at this point, Alex. Since you announced an upcoming date instead of releasing something more immediate, the burden of proof is yours. I'm not holding my breath, and I don't think anyone else is. Will your response to our concerns include an explanation as to why you didn't just respond first? As far as your legal obligations go, a major update on Monday isn't going to resolve the current situation. I don't think we're asking for an update here anymore, or even a release. We'd appreciate your honesty, and I'd like to think we'll listen to your side of the story, but you need to provide results and answers, and even if you provide both of those things that won't change the fact that you promised people products, and from what we've seen there's no reason to believe that you'll ever be able to deliver those products. I hope you have more than a few new tutorials and editor features come Monday. I hope you have answers, and most importantly, I hope you have an actual plan, some sort of peace offering, and an exit strategy. We need to know when you'll be ready to give up, and what we get when that happens, since our confidence in your success aren't what they used to be. This entire project makes me sad. It is so bold and exciting, yet I know how difficult it is to develop (Well, I have a general understanding xD.) I'll keep waiting patiently :P That's the 6th time in the last few months you've promised an impending major update. I can't muster much enthusiasm, but I can say I'll definitely try out the new build, assuming it gets released and I can log into it with my own account. Thanks for elaborating Jonathan. It's a messy situation, and there's nothing wrong with being sympathetic. Personally, I feel taken advantage of at this stage, especially with my extra communication with Alex, both in person and over Skype and more, so I'm not sympathetic myself. If anyone would like to go ahead and make an easy "first step" towards taking personal legal action against Alex, the California Courts website has a form to help you create a "Demands Letter" to send to Alex. Sending him a demands letter proves you've used proper channels to request a refund. From what I understand, individuals are entitled to create a suit against Alex as a person, since he Kickstarted this under his own name, rather than Primer Labs. If you need his address, it's easy enough to find. About a hundred people sent it to me back when I mentioned the email I set up, <email>. Feel free to shoot me an email there if you have any questions - I'm doing my best to keep up with responses, although I don't have as much information as some backers have hoped. Here's that California Courts site: <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. The only question here is if Alex has any chance of fulfilling the rewards, which everything we know suggests is impossible. The plane ticket, the special edition for schools, the USBs, and the tshirts are all completely out of reach, much less the physical product. It's even debatable if a "good faith effort" was made to fulfill the rewards, since Alex was is recorded in an interview admitting that he decided not to fulfill the rewards, even at the time when he had the funds, and even had more funds than he asked for to finish the entire project. If it sounds like I'm covering for him, I guess I'm just trying to be professional about what's happened. His position is indefensible and to some extent I'm saying there's no point kicking him while he's down. If we're done waiting, then we're probably also done spending time wondering what Alex is doing keeping us waiting. Even if the right thing is to take him to court, my feeling is that we should be sympathetic, not accusing. That's all. Jonathan - thanks for your constructive comments on the situation, from one backer to another. My question is, how much more forgiving should we be? If this were still December or January, things would be different. But it's been 6 months since the shit hit the fan, so to speak. Since then, we've been made over a dozen broken commitments about updates, better communications, etc. A community manager was "hired" and apparently, promptly scared off. And now it's been 3 months to the day since the last backer update, which of course we were promised wouldn't happen again. I cannot find any "wiggle room" where we should be forgiving. Doesn't mean the few of us who have been vocal shouldn't be nicer, but I see zero reason to be forgiving or tolerant of this behavior. The worst part of this, from my perspective, is that if the nickel-and-dime suits start flowing in for Alex, he's probably just going to get ruined. But the power is in his hands - the ability to update his backers has never disappeared. In the meantime, I think I'm going to go back to trying to track down one of the (2) $10k backers to see if they've had any communications from Alex. Agreed, Tomimt. But all the communcation Alex has been able to offer us makes it look to me like the more vocal we get about wanting answers to our questions, the harder it becomes for Alex to be honest with us. If he had incredibly promising news to tell us, I'd like to think he wouldn't be waiting so long to share it. It's not unreasonable to be afraid that telling (rightfully) furious backers that things aren't as he'd promised will further hurt any chance to reconcile with them, and this just seems like one of those unfortunate situations where the harder we push, the less we're ever going to hear. And I really do believe that if we want to get anything out of this, our options are to be supportive and encouraging, or to take action and move us past frustrated speculation. If we want something other than a chance to voice our frustrations (where we're not even sure Alex is listening), it's very possible that the harsher we seem as a crowd, the less likely it is that Alex will respond to us. That said, I'm not saying we need to be nice to him. I'm saying that our best bet is to let him know that the way this is working needs to change--either he can change, or we can change things for him. Whatever the facts may be, they need to come to light, and we'd really like it if this could happen voluntarily. Given the physical rewards he promised (and the interview in which he admitted to withholding rewards), at this point we have a legitimate case. While I'm hoping for a peaceful resolution that doesn't punish Alex for having big dreams, that decision is in his hands, and the least we can do is make it as clear as possible that talking to us is his best option, not his worst. So yes, I think that the less forgiving we seem, the less likely it is that he'll ask for forgiveness, and the more likely it is that things will come to a head that leaves everyone unsatisfied. @Jonathan Jou: How are we becoming a part of the problem? We don't have real influence over how this project has used the money, nor we have real influence on how Alex is leading it. At the moment all we have is speculation, because we don't know anything concrete and the lack of communication from Alex is a big influence in this. There's fair reason to believe that Alex's hands haven't been idle. There's also plenty of reason to be concerned with his progress. Honestly, though, I don't think the question is "what happens if he doesn't have much?" so much as it is "what do we do with what we might get?" It's not particularly constructive to wonder why Alex hasn't been forthcoming. We'll know that when he's ready, and I feel like the most respectful thing to do is to let him tell us instead of putting words in his mouth. Until then, our best bet is to wait... and see what the law says when push comes to shove here. I don't know that all of us worry about getting our money back, but the least we can do is let the more vested backers put their money towards more promising ventures, and put down our pitchforks and torches and let Alex move on. I'd like nothing more for him to keep going with the project, but this format is hurting him more than it's helping him and we're becoming part of the problem instead of the solution. Mitchell - that's certainly a possibility I've considered. I have not spent much time in Code Hero because, at least for me, it's not yet a very good learning tool - I haven't noticed any significant improvements to the overall experience in any build that's been released since the very "first" one that was available the day this project launched on KS. I've been waiting for a more polished version that will be a better use of my time, but I'm not confident that's coming. There are improvements, surely - but we've been asking Alex to post a change-log for months and months and that's never happened, which is probably another indicator that your comment has some truth to it. What happens if he open sources the code however, and the community finds out he hasn't actually put any work on it past the demo that was shown years ago? If he doesn't have anything to show, it's probable not due to embarrassment or striving for perfection, but more likely a lack of anything to show. Majugi - well said. Some like myself have been pretty harsh, but weirdly forgiving at the same time. I'd still be thrilled to see Alex deliver on this thing, but it's so far out of reach now, and he's broken so many promises. I just want him to hand everything over to the community. I think most of us regret giving him our money, and if he can't give us our money back and also can't (based on trends) give us a game, he ought to hand over everything he does have and get this thing off of his plate. Otherwise it's only a matter of time before the small suits like your case example start piling up on him. If I ever Kickstart a project, I want Jonathan Jou to be one of my backers. His comments here every couple months express my own feelings about this project in the nicest and most constructive way possible. Having said that, it's disappointing that those comments have yet to be acknowledged and their advice goes unheeded. I'm sympathetic to Alex in a lot of ways because I'm all too familiar with projects that go astray, but this cannot continue. This project cannot be completed as promised (including physical rewards) with no budget and a good faith attempt to do it anyway, while valiant, would be utterly foolish and a hellish experience I wouldn't wish on anyone. Even the harshest critics here have been extremely forgiving and for good reason: we all supported this project and none of us want to see it fail. There is now a precedent for a failed Kickstarter, but it's a precedent Primer Labs should be trying very hard to avoid: <url>"Code Hero's first alpha was released at last year's PAX. Our second major alpha is coming at this year's PAX and we've submitted a build for the PAX 10 showcase. We're going to post the new build tomorrow for all our backers and players to try. We look forward to telling you more about it tomorrow night!" It's the 22nd. Has the alpha been released yet? Requests were made back in Dec/Jan (and further back than that, from some users) to provide clear instructions on how to access the existing alpha builds - they were never given, although in a previous update (#20) they did say again that you can log in with "guest mode" - although this is not what backers want, it should be reiterated that it's an option if you're just looking to take a brief look at the game in its current condition. Also, there's a special support page at primerlabs.com/support/codehero for those still trying to get help with their login credentials. Hopefully that helps a few backers, like Nancy and Evan below - it's a shame Shaun (the community manager) appears to have jumped ship, since no one else seems to be helping backers simply log into the game in its current condition. I agree with Evan. I also can't use the password reset to get into my supposedly set up account. And Alex, if your are scrambling for funds to finish the project, then where did all that KS money go in the first place? Didn't you already have this project started before launching the KS campaign? Then the funding should have been used to finalize this game. I'm trying to figure out how you ran out of funds when you knew full well what it would take to actually do the project? Code Hero is a great idea, and I'm sure tons of people would actually play it, but now the name of the project (as well as your name, btw) is mired by the fact that you are now the most famous Kickstarter project, not because it's a good project, but because you've failed miserably to keep the backers apprised of what's going on and drastically underplanned the scope of the game. I'm not wanting a refund just yet. More of what I'm after (and this may just be me having faith in the project), is help getting my CH account set up. It says I have an account, but it isn't actually sending the pw reset links. How do you go about requesting a refund? I was excited for this project but in the time it has taken just to make a half functioning demo I've taught myself how to program. I really was looking forward to this, but I'm extremely disappointed at the lack of progress and the lack of communication. I guess it's a good thing this scheme wasn't titled "Project Hero: A Game That Teaches You to Meet Deadlines." Glad I didn't lose too much money on this, anyway, but I agree with @Tomimt -- the people that paid lots of money for this must be a little unimpressed by what they've seen thus far. I think it's safe to say, that this particular project is pretty much dead. Alex and co. aren't even trying to communicate anymore. Personally my loss here isn't that great, but I do feel for those who pledged that 10k. @Dustin: When are you plan to start the class action and salvage remain of this project? I doubt few backers still have faith in this project. I don't think Alex has anymore funding to complete this project nor refund much to everyone. I personally like to open source the project if possible. so what happened to the weekly updates from the community manager? I would also like to request a refund. There just too many missed promises and updates. This may soon lead to legal actions. I may as well request my refund again too. I haven't heard from anyone about my refund since I requested weeks ago. I guess I will go ahead and request my refund again as well. I think @Scott summed it up. Having not heard from anyone in months, despite your promise earlier in the year to communicate weekly via email, I requested a refund via email a few weeks ago. I've heard nothing back. Since it seems there is more responsiveness here, along with the signs and symptoms of a failed, busted project which include repeated missed promised deliveries, I'm again requesting a refund. Let me know if you need more information to process the refund. I have been trying not to clog the feed here with my face, but it's been 7 days since my last comment. I have attempted to contact Shaun Hansel, the alleged community manager, but have not gotten a response. I would, once again, like to request a refund. I am tired of watching Alex fail to meet even his own goals over, and over, and over again. This is such an insane trainwreck. Right, I see... Well I pledged $52 dollars so if I don't get a refund I will be very unhappy. I had to add an extra $10 for postage too.. Pete Edge received a refund via Paypal, but he was also a very squeaky wheel. :) He's the only refund that's been processed to my knowledge, and I believe he had pledged at the $13 level. Has anyone actually had a refund yet? (The ones who asked). Because I have asked Alex personally and asked Primer over an email without a reply. Hey look, another self-imposed deadline missed. Maybe just stop telling people that you're doing anything and just surprise us whenever you get something done. Not even joking at this point. I am tired of being disappointed. IN THE MEANTIME, if you want to try another game to teach you programming, here's a neat little game to teach you Java. Looks like Mac only for now. I'm not affiliating with this in any way... just read about it on RPS today like I'm sure many of you have. <url>"So, after everything else that has happened, and the promises to do better with communication in the future, you STILL sit on a supposedly weekly update for no apparent reason. I'm beginning to think YOU are the one who wants this project to fail." Since that time, not one update has been sent out on the Monday. One of those "updates" was nothing more than a simple tutorial. On January 9th this year I wrote an email to <email> including all the information needed to process a refund of my donation. You are yet to reply to this email. You have given no indication of any intention to deliver on any part of this project. I am therefore led to conclude that this is simply a scam, much the same as tactical corsets (a subject which you are notoriously shy about). What's the situation Alex? What's your excuse this time? Are we ever going to get satisfaction? Another Monday missed. When can we expect a dev update? I'm hoping for clear answers to some questions that have been outstanding for months... like what your plan is for the art direction of the game. You paid a dedicated artist for some time, correct? Where are his resources? Are you using any of them or is the "final" art as previously planned now scrapped? Do you have volunteers working on the project now? What about the changelog you said you'd work on back in December? Can you provide a roadmap for remaining features planned for a 1.0 version? We don't even know what you plan for the game at this point, and the last big "feature" to be added was a web browser, which I doubt many of your backers care about at all. Another week gone, still no refund Wonderful update! Can't wait to try out the new Code-Gun. I guess I'll be building my own Unity game after all! :) Still no refund. I know you put out the anniversary build late Feb, but I was hoping for a development update as we're in March now. I like the tutorials in the smaller updates, but I'm pretty sure more backers are interested in dev news. @Pete Edge: That particular Firefox warning is due to an unrecognized Secure HTTP connection. There is nothing malicious on the Primerlabs.com site. Also, the project has been delivered, download the game and play it. The fact that he is constantly updating the game means that he is indeed interested in seeing this project through. Being abrasive never helps anyone. Alex. Firefox is telling me your website is an "Untrusted Connection". Get your shit together or give me my money back. I have lost all faith in you and you have put me in the position of now wanting nothing more to do with this whole sorry exercise. You are a man who is incapable of ever delivering on this project. Hi Pete. Our updates are scheduled for release by Monday of each week. Last week's update, linked to below, showed how to make a spiral staircase using the Code Ray in Code Hero, with a description of nearly each line of code. This week, as Alex says in his most recent post, will be discussing the Code Ray and game mechanics, as an introduction to how the game works. <url>"look, he did it again, let's get this suit on the road." Jesus tapdancing christ. The Primer website has to be the worst website I have encountered in some time. Which is really depressing since you all should know better. A) You have to fail in registration in order to make the captcha appear cause you cant fill it in till then. B) You can Register without entering anything in the password field, i have no idea what password it defaults to, but then i have to reset my password to get back in. C) Your emails are all caught by gmails spam filter from primer labs website. D) "Your submission has triggered the spam filter and will not be accepted." I have no idea what that means, its the most cryptic message ever. E) Dries Buytaert would be rolling in his grave if he was dead seeing what you turned drupal into. F) I havnt gone through all your site, but what i have seen is incomprehensible and doesnt flow well at all. G) The graphic design in general is boring, and has little thought to usability. My mistake, thanks for the clarification. @ victorvusa Cory is not quoting the update, he is quoting Alex's comment that immediately precedes his. Cory Blackwell said: ["...and refund anyone who doesn't want to see the game finished." Seriously? I would love to see the game finished and I wish you the best in that endeavor.] Your quoted text is inaccurate, Mr. Blackwell. The update text states "...aren't willing to wait for us to make more progress..." and "...doesn't want to wait to see those completed." The key word in both of those statements is 'wait'. You used quotes, so it implies you were *quoting*. But the quoted text could not have been copy/pasted from the update. In particular, the posted text in quotes does not mention the word: wait. That word is clearly there and would change the meaning of the statement in the update if omitted in text that is presented as quoting the update post itself. Perform a text search across all four pages of updates with the quote you posted... it's not there. Well said, Cory. "...and refund anyone who doesn't want to see the game finished." Seriously? I would love to see the game finished and I wish you the best in that endeavor. I'm not asking for a refund because I don't want to see the game finished, I'm asking for a refund because I pledged to support a project to produce a game that would be delivered over a year ago. I'm asking for a refund because not only did the project fail to meet it's promises; but because you failed to communicate with us, failed to reply to our concerns, and failed to give any sort of accounting of the mismanaged funds. I want a refund because of your fraudulence, plain and simple. Don't blame the supporters wanting refunds for not wanting to see the game finished, blame yourself for a complete lack of integrity that has led your supporters to lose all faith in you. Because, of course, every weekly update requires a month of development. Look for the new kickstarter project to narrow those weekly updates to two weeks! Was that overly sarcastic? I notice that neither Alex or the new community manager are mentioning *anything* about Alex's previous verbal commitment to give refunds. They obviously have no funds to do so, but it shows a lot of backbone to address it like they have. I'm sorry, there goes that sarcasm again. "The plan for communication with backers in the future We'll put out regular updates and playable builds with screenshots and video of new art and gameplay in development on the first of every month. We'll also blog as frequently as we can, with about one smaller post per week showing what we're up to." Posted on primer labs' blog on 1st Feb. Nothing heard since. From Kickstarter's Basics page: -- Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. -- Given Alex's admission that there is no budget left to fulfill the project's promises I think it is time that they think about their legal obligations. Based on a) Alex's demonstrated ability to offer any reasonable communications, let alone a roadmap with dates, and b) Primer's inability to manage money -- you mean you didn't put aside funds from the freaking fund raiser to fulfill the fundraiser obligations?! -- and budget accordingly, they need to start fulfilling some of the requests for rebates, starting from the top of the scale down. I only put in $50, so I know they'll take awhile to get to me, especially if they have to wait for new sales from their site, but if they want to salvage any semblance of integrity or honor, that's really the only option left. Alex: you can't be trusted. As others said: your seven month communications embargo smacks of a deliberate dodge. Even after your recent appearances you still have yet to release anything remotely useful for determining milestones and dates. All you have done, once again, is announce that you will (eventually) finish the game (whose end state is vaguely defined), that all the rewards will be delivered (even though you have no money left to do so). You have not offered one shred of evidence that you will be, at any point during the next decade, capable of fulfilling the promises you've made here. Cut bait. I have no respect for your conduct and no illusions that you'll ever produce anything of significance. Alex, I appreciate your response and your renewed commitment to communicating. I'm still excited for the potential of Code Hero - I've even mustered a little hope. But even after giving you nearly two full months to simply respond to the crisis with some sort of proof that any progress has been made (7 months for backers not paying attention to news), we're still in the dark about a lot of things. And, morbidly hilarious, your authentication system (?) is broken and we can't technically log into the new build. The cherry on top, of course, is that you would like us to wait another 4, or 7, or however many months before you reach more milestones. It's unbelievably frustrating. I'm going to shut up now, for a while, as there's no reason to spin my wheels any more than I have. I've still asked a bunch of reasonable questions that haven't been answered, though, so I'll be hoping to see those answers, and am looking forward to weekly updates. If a few of those go by successfully and with substance, it will go a long ways towards building some trust back up. Just please, please don't make any more promises you can't keep. The most vocal, angry backers who reach out to me are the ones who have noticed every single commitment you've missed. People are latching onto your words - be careful what you say. Be honest. Be transparent. (oh, and please post that changelog you promised) Yeah, this is an interesting situation for those, who have pledged higher tiers. If I'd be higher than 13 bucks I'd be steaming. Did some quick math this morning out of curiosity, and found that $102,965 out of the total $170,954 (+ $30 from direct sales) came from backers who pledged above the $15 or $31 levels, which were game-only. That means that over 60% of the money from this Kickstarter project was spent on rewards that Alex has admitted he is not currently able to fulfill, and currently has no plan for how to solve that problem. It's nice that so many people are chiming in and willing to give this thing another chance, but in retrospect that was probably a calculated move. By refusing to update the actual Kickstarter for so long (SEVEN MONTHS), he kept most of his backers in the dark, likely hoping they'd forgotten about him. And when 37% of your total backers pledged only at the $1 level (for the same game), it's no surprise they're not miffed about anything - I wouldn't be either. Anyways, I have a list of list of all of the higher-level backers and will be reaching out to a few that haven't contacted me. And I'll be sending out a mailer to everyone else who's been added to my list (email <email>), trying to get an idea of whether or not the community thinks we should proceed. After a long day of careful consideration, I'm of the opinion that the 17% of your backers who dug deep into their pockets for you should be given some attention and consideration, maybe more so than the 37% of your backers who only shelled out a dollar. We were ALL promised a game, but what are you doing to try and make it right with the 6 people who spent over a grand on a tool for their schools? Or the 9 people who thought you'd be great to intern for? Or the unfortunate soul who spent over $3k to fly to Berlin with you and celebrate at your Dec. 2012 (ha) launch party? And of course on a smaller scale, I can't imagine many of us Founding Apprentice-level backers who've watched this thing closely will be interested in a week of "mentorship sessions" with Alex any more. The Guest login feature is accessed from the Login menu when you start Code Hero. Simply click the "Guest" button, and you should find yourself in the game. Hi everyone. If you are trying to play the latest build, Alpha 2, found at <url>"Major update" doesn't translate to finished product, and frankly there are 6 people who were hoping to use Code Hero to teach programming in schools by now. The lack of transparency has only amplified the concern from what little news we have, further damaging your reputation and fundraising prospects.. Between the troubled PR fiasco and alarming evidence of inexperience, I'm ready to forgive you for having big dreams, but not ready to invest emotionally, financially, or personally in this project. My suspicion is that the vast majority of us feel the same way. I certainly hope that if this is your dream, this becomes the galvanizing call that drives you to success, because your path to success is likely to be long, lonely, and difficult. You've shown us that our interest is practically hurting your project, and as such, I will be crossing my fingers and walking away. Best of luck, Jonathan Alex shot me an email. Didn't contain much else beyond what he said here in the comments. You guys know how this goes - I'm sorry he took the time to email me directly but not post a Kickstarter update. I'll be waiting for the promised update on the 1st along with everyone else. Another nugget dropped from Alex completely devoid of any actual content, just more promises that something's coming. Anyone taking bets on what actually shows up Feb 1? Betcha it isn't a refund for those of who want it... I have emailed you at that address alex, both times my email went unanswered. Hey guys. Thought you'd like this, <url>"undocumented APIs" for the code editor... WTF? As a programmer is this not one of the most moronic things I've ever heard? Unless it's a documented API are there any assurance that those methods/functions/etc will continue to function in future revisions of the Unity engine? Secondly -- and obviously others have pointed this out as well -- why are you wasting time on freaking window dressing when obviously there's a tremendous amount of core functionality that deserves attention? What kind of idiot project manager are you? Do you not know how to prioritize and focus the goals of the project so that you have *anything* deliverable in any kind of reasonable time frame? For a project that was funded at almost twice what you said you needed this is simply mind boggling. Okay, I had more than one more thing to say. This guy is unbelievable. This is getting downright ridiculous. Alex: your integrity, your courage, hell, even your manhood is being called into question. It's obvious you don't give a crap about the hundred-some-odd pleas on this site to, at a minimum, just let us know what's going on. Barring any real information from you we have to assume that you're either financially incompetent -- having no idea how judge how much funding this project actually needed, or how much you can deliver with said funding -- or incompetent as a programmer, with grandiose ideas far beyond your ability to produce. I'm disgusted with your lack of backbone to not only man up and admit your mistakes, but take any kind of corrective action to remedy them. All we get is vague progress updates that promise we'll get something "eventually". You have no freaking clue. As a real programmer who has to hit deadlines and budgets I'm disgusted by all this. I had high hopes that this project might be the perfect mind candy to entice my children into this field (UNIX systems programming is rather inscrutable for the young ones). I can tolerate delays, even budgeting and deadline mistakes. But only with clear communications as to what's gone wrong and what corrective action is going to be taken. Which appears to be far more than you're capable of. I'd like my money back, to be certain. You're the epitome of the proverb about leopards who can't change their spots. You've given us no hope for redemption at all. He lives! Alex, I sincerely hope to see a whole bunch of news on the first, especially since you completely missed the 1st of January with no explanation. News of your choosing isn't going to cut it, we would like some of our questions answered, as well. Also, do you have a plan to reconcile with some of the people you hired to work for you? I have been contacted by some of them, and they are very upset. Can you get a hold of them, please? Website not updated since December 12. Same date for facebook, twitter not since September 6. He has no intention of communicating with us in any way. He treats us with contempt and lies to us. Hey Alex, Please give us an update ASAP. We're coming up to the one year mark of this project being funded and we're still waiting for our pledge level rewards. Thanks! Personally, I'm willing to give him until February 1st, as he said he would provide updates on the first of every month. If nothing happens by then, then I'm willing to call shenanigans on this whole thing and ensure that Alex Peake and Primer Labs never see my business again. This is a Tactical Corset situation all over again. Alex peake is a fraud who has no intention of meeting the obligations of this project or returning the money I can understand why I wouldn't be the first person for Alex to contact at this stage of the game. Anyone else heard from him, in any capacity? If you have, please let me know at <email>. Alex, It would be great if you would reach out to us and talk to us about Code Hero, but more importantly, you really need to demonstrate leadership and vision before it's too late. Take charge of this situation. Show us (and the rest of the world) that you are an entrepreneur who has learned from his mistakes. Don't let us wonder if you're an enterprising young man who isn't quite ready for the big time. You may not have realized it when you started this project, but a game about programming has attracted programmers, and what updates you've given us sound all too similar to the things we might say to our superiors when things aren't going to plan. I hear a lot of passion, dedication, and hope in your words, but I don't see any tangible plans, objective assessments, or changes in behavior. It's fairly clear to me now that as backers, we've set you on a path that was never going to be easy for you to achieve, and failure doesn't seem like an option to you. To be honest, at this point the project lacks funding, and if the people who weren't even hoping to make money out of this project are worried it won't work out, I'd hate to think what Code Hero looks like to publishers and investors. There are still ways to make this vision a reality, but the direction you're heading is long, hard, and unrealistic. More worryingly, I'm even less optimistic about how things look for you, as an individual. I'd like to think that you'll see this through, funding or not, but in the meantime how you handle this current situation will unavoidably affect your future endeavors. People know you now, and you need to make sure that they know the whole story, not just what we know right now, because what we know right now isn't pretty. You have a chance. Don't let this one pass you by. If you're reading this, I hope you recognize what's at stake. Sincerely, Jonathan I think Alex should man up, bite the bullet and just tell us how the things are. The longer he takes with the update, the worse the situation looks and it isn't exactly smelling like roses at the moment. I hate to pile on but At this point I would like my money back. I have gotten more updates from video game blogs than I have from Alex. It's a shame because the project seemed really interesting and ambitious. The thing I have come to realize with kickstarter is that projects get backed because people have faith in it and want to be a part of the process. If Alex was more open with what is really going on, I believe a lot of the negative press could have been avoided. Good question. The easy answer is that it's not going to be any fun when he makes an appearance on this project again. He's likely waiting until he has a substantially improved product to show off, and that's taking wayyyy longer than he thought it would in the panicked emergency-response-mode he was in the first night this blew up (he thought he would have a new build out the next day). It's pretty awful that he continues to choose not to respond or communicate with the people who gave him this money - it's not like he's unaware of the situation. He's just in over his head and likely doesn't know what the hell to do. You can imagine how much that must suck. I'm not saying he deserves any pity or patience - he blew through the reserves on those last month when he made renewed promises that he didn't keep. At this point everyone should just keep trying to reach him, so that you have a digital record. Please email him with your questions, open a support ticket on the Primer site (<url>■Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. ■Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. By the Kickstarter's terms of use, if they're still working on this and are still planning on fulfilling the reward, they don't have to issue a refund. They're supposed to issue updates and keep in contact, but ultimately, they're not required to. Unprofessional? Yes. breaking terms of use? No. TLDR; good luck getting a refund, you'll be told to wait until your reward is fulfilled, even if /you/ have no confidence it will be filled. *shrug* afaiac this was a scam and I want my money back. My patience has run out and I've seen too many broken promises and I feel like I've been lied to. The note under this text box says " Be respectful and considerate" Alex Peake has been neither to his backers. At this point I don't know if it's realistic to hope to restore the faith of backers in this project; while I am still not sorry to see how far my $13.37 got this project, it seems like the relationship between Primer Labs and its backers has become unproductive. This comment is not addressed to Alex, though I hope he reads it. To all the remaining hopeful backers: It's not hard to think some sort of compensation is due, but let's put our emotions aside for a moment. What are the best possible outcomes of this project, at this point? 1. Against all odds and defying our expectations, Primer Labs comes out with a stunning demo that restores our faith in the product. This was plan A, and if we still believed in this there would be no discussion necessary. 2. Instead of a game that changes, the world, we get a post-mortem, describing what happened and why things ended they way the were, along with the incomplete product, which consists at least of an in-game interpreter, first-person shooter implementation, and some interesting editors and assets. 3. We get our money back. Primer Labs goes under, and this becomes a cautionary tale to all the other kickstarter projects out there. These are the three I can think of, and I don't believe it's realistic to get more than one of the three. What would you like to see? Do you have other ideas? Given how this project has gone so far, it's in everyone's best interests to make this as professional and civil as possible. Sincerely, Jonathan So how do I get my money back? Doesn't kickstarter have some comeback for victims of scams? I'm very happy to see the Alpha release available for download. First glance is positive! Great work guys and Happy New Year. 48 hours and counting... we shall see. Hey all, sorry for the comment spam, but in case you forgot (like I did!), I wanted to point out that Alex has promised to deliver updates on the first of the month, every month. So come Tuesday, we should see some new information. Hopefully it will be via Kickstarter. So basically, the only way to get a response is to get written up in a bunch of blogs, even if incorrectly cited, as suing Alex. Then he'll respond, but only privately via email. To those watching this space - Alex emailed me (twice!) last night, apologizing again and promising a "big update" when the new build is ready. He says he's coding day and night and can't work any faster. Why he didn't tell his supporters that through a Kickstarter update instead of emailing me directly (and, notably, not answering any of my questions), I don't know, so wanted to pass it on. Alex, please answer directly: why have you not updated this Kickstarter? You've said you would several times, and backers keep asking you to. Backers still don't understand what you're making at this point, as has been outlined by others already better than I could. You still haven't shared any plan with us for how you're going to deliver backer rewards considering you're out of money. Now that you've wrapped up your speaking gig at EFF (<url>"nice to have" category of features which would have been prioritized after release-blocking issues instead. Why are you telling us that the API was undocumented, anyway? It's very hard for us, as backers, to really understand what's going on with Code Hero. I can safely say that I have no idea what you intend to release, when you intend to release it, or even how you intend to finish and release it. People are rightfully looking for concrete deliverables, milestones, and projected completion dates, as well as cost estimates and team introductions (neither <url>"real artists ship" tagline and visual pun in the beta/alpha/pre-alpha screenshots is getting mighty ironic. Jonathan's comments from one day ago contain some very good advice and I would strongly advise anyone who's working on this project to heed it. I did not have as much money or as many expectations invested in this project as many others did. If the game cannot be delivered as promised (and it cannot) then I would be content to ignore your inability to meet the reward obligations if you could simply provide all the assets that the project did produce (code, art, music, etc) and a thorough post-mortem of the project describing what actually happened and how things went wrong. I know that this is unlikely to happen since you're still apparently operating under the belief that the project can still be completed as you originally envisioned it with just a little more time, but I seriously think you need to consider your other options. It's one thing not to deliver the game, but not to deliver _any_ assets would mean that your considerable funding was indeed wasted. Really, the thing that bothers me the most about this whole situation is that the performance of this project has been so poor (and it was a relatively high-profile project), that the chances of future programming games being launched successfully may be lower now. From the Q&A post: "We tried to raise more money to pay for the shirts and rewards and a second round of funding, but that didn't work out." Does that mean all of the funding, absolutely all of it has now been depleted? If so, again I raise the request, can we the backers get an itemized report of how the money was spent. I get that developers are expensive, but lets assume that your estimation previously of 4000/month for a developer, that means you could have feesibly afforded 40 man months of development before being out of funding. Alex, Before I start, I want to say that I believe in what you want to accomplish, and commend you for your efforts toward making it happen. The work you have done is valuable, and I don't think any of your backers wants to see all your sweat and blood amount to nothing. You've made some mistakes, but all is not lost, and I'm glad you still want to make this happen. I appreciate the Q&A section. Having read it, I'm beginning to think you have in mind a game that would never have been funded by $500,000, much less $100,000. I'm a little confused by the idea that instead of figuring out what you could finish right now, and polishing that feature set until it's worth playing, you've committed to working for free on not one, but several inherently complex and nasty problems, some of which have never been done well. You've outlined three major pieces: 1. A series of lessons which teach the self-motivated user to learn how to program within the designs of your game engine. 2. An actual *game*, which is supposed to be fun enough to motivate people to learn programming, for the sheer joy of progressing in the game. 3. An editor which allows players to create and publish their own games entirely. I believe you may have some reason to believe you can accomplish the first one. I know for a fact that many people have and will continue to try to accomplish the second one, and not how your team is going to be different. Finally, I have no idea what your third portion will be. If you're simply making your tools user-friendly and releasing them alongside the game, that sounds at least reasonable. Whether or not that allows players to actually easily make and publish games is a different matter, and there are entire companies which devote large teams over many years to try to get that right, so that problem could be as hard as you decide to make it. Can you share some insight on how you expect this to progress? Where will the additional funding you need come from? What exactly are you hoping to accomplish? When I backed this $100,000 game, I was expecting it to be closer to the alpha you released, and imagined any additional features to be a result of making the project open source, and allowing everyone to tinker with it. I'm less clear on what it is you plan to do now, since the scope of your vision and the resources you have seem so mismatched. So I guess I have to ask: what's plan B? What happens to Code Hero if something doesn't go as planned? Again, I respect you for taking on this cause, and applaud your efforts in getting this far. But this isn't the quick and dirty game I was expecting, and you've yet to make the case that you can see the finish line, and that you have a way to get there. Best, Jonathan There's a Q&A toward the bottom of the first post, if you haven't already seen it. <url>"go to market" with a flawed product. I recall the "scope" of this project immediately expanded when the money came in, and while there has certainly been a lack of communication... I say "chill" and give this a chance. I've seen some careless comments and serious allegations going on here that are totally fueled by speculation and I'm not persuaded in the least that Alex is intending to "scam" or "run away" with the money. To the contrary, I know first hand that Alex is interested in supporting education and in developing games that teach. I signed up for the Code Hero Army knowing this would be a war. I'm not prepared to quit but will continue to support Alex and his project until the victory is won. Stay strong Alex and don't allow the distractors and internet trolls to pull you down. Game On! Anthony: Perhaps you might consider that when people say "he ran with the money" they don't in fact mean, ran. Let's take Schulyer town for example. He, after his project was called seriously into question, released an itemized list of every expense and expendeture. Many were surprised to find out that Schulyer assumed it would be ok to use this Kickstarter funding to supplement a full time job, and began using the backers money for rent, insurance, credit card payments, etc. While he certainly didn't "run away" with the money, as he was still reachable and still generally seen as active, it was and still is widely acknowledged the way he used the funds is very simply the exact reason the project still has not been completed. Maybe, instead of being a dick about it, and calling people out because they are asking "Where did he go with the money", you too should ask "hey, where did my money get spent?" <url>"HE RAN WITH OUR MONEY" ? Ridiculous. I'm a big supporter of Code Hero. I donated once, and I'm willing to donate again right now actually. The idea is fantastic. It is an ambitious one, and I knew the second I donated that it probably wasn't going to meet the dates stated. Someone argued with me,"You shouldn't pledge money on Kickstarter for things that dont exist." The game has MULTIPLE functional alphas that have MULTIPLE levels. Before PAX, they said they were going to release a beta that was completely overhauled graphics and levels. That's great. It didn't release, and there wasn't too many updates if any between then and now. Should we all cry thief? That doesn't make sense to me. Granted there weren't updates, why would it hurt to ask instead of trying to setup a "legal action" movement. Now there is nothing but bad PR and yellow journalism. Thank god Joystiq actually has a decently written and fully detailed article that is up to date on the situation. I don't suppose theres any possibility, we the backers, might be allowed to review an itemized list of where and how the money and has been spent, and what the core problems that are holding this development back? Looking at other "stalled" projects, such as Schulyers infamous lock picks, many have been saved by simply being honest and allowing the backers to help. Similarly, The Open Vizsla USB debugging project has only recently come back from the dead with the help of its supporters (after a complete disclosure from the project creators on EVERYTHING that has gone right, and wrong.) Personally, I would like to know how much money has been wasted on things like attending PAX that have distracted away from this game being completed. In short, seriously, Stop fucking around. @Trevor Oh please, I am a software developer too. It is not going to stop the development process if you just take couple hours in a day for every few weeks to give a simple update. You must not understand how development process works. It isn't the old days where coders stay in their mom's basement without communicating to anybody. It helps keeping boss off your back in real world too if your project having issues. Anyway, I still want this project to succeed. It is nice Alex just posted update addressing some concerns. Just keep our backers in the loop every few weeks and we won't bother you that much. Dear sweet heavens, please allow Alex to work on Code Hero and not mollify the internet trolls! A game project taking longer than expected? Oh my, it must be the first time that's ever happened. Why is he not personally responding to each whinging comment and request for information? Might have something to do with choosing to spend his time developing his actual project. You want your money back? Perhaps you need to stop mouth breathing long enough to understand the difference between preordering a big-budget-a-thon sequel at Gamestop and backing a risky, entrepreneurial project. Alex, you had a great idea. I hope it's a phenomenal success. Successful or not, I'd back you again. It's rather sad that it's taken a bad article being published and preperation for a class action to get any kind of feedback from Alex. My question is: why was there no backer notification of additional funding being required for project completion, especially considering nothing in the original pledge drive indicated that the funds being requested would be insufficient? There's a reason I haven't pledged to project like Takedown (<url>"All our backer rewards will be delievered along with the game". According to your interview, "The beta will launch… when it’s ready! [Laughs] What will determine how quickly it gets ready is how quickly we can get the necessary funding and programmers to do it." So anyone waiting for: a T-Shirt ( 1217 backers @ $42), A one-on-one live online mentorship session with one of the developers ( 47 backers @ $133), Visit the Primer Labs HQ and meet the developer team! A week of daily one-on-one live mentorship sessions with the developers (14 backers @ $313), Join Primer Labs' team to be a part of Code Hero's development ( 9 backers @ $1337), attend the December Chaos Communications Congress 2012 in Berlin (1backer @ $3133) All of these backers need to wait for the game to be finished, which is laughingly stated to be an unknown and depentant on securing additional funding. What about the 9 backers at the $1337 level? These people have explicitely backed to work on the game. For all the words, this most recent update really does say nothing at all. Alex, It's good to hear from you! I'm glad that you're making it clear that you still believe in your project. I think this is where I want you to reply, so this is where I'm going to ask my questions. It would be really helpful to us if you gave us some idea on how things have been going: 1. What state did you think Code Hero would be at this point, and how much progress has your team made? 2. How much communication and updates can we expect going forward? 3. Was the $170,954 going as far towards finishing the project as you'd projected? Are you seeking more funding, and if so, what do you hope to accomplish with those additional funds? 4. What can we look forward to in the second alpha, and the third one? How close are you to finishing them? Which is to say, when should backers start wondering if your team was kidnapped by the anti-code literacy brigade to be stopped from sharing the gift of logic with the world? I basically asked this in question number two, but I want to be perfectly clear about this: I want to believe you, but your updates have lacked specifics. I still don't know how big your team is, how close you came to your projected milestones, or what's slowing you down. Kickstarter has thus far been a place where the backers expect to be "part of the team," and the total lack of information, combined with the inconsistency in your communication with us and the media, have made this a situation where I have no way of knowing if what you've now told us translates to, in terms of a final product. It's good that you have a lot of reassurances and recognize that we're worried, but if there's a reasonable explanation to what went wrong, and how you're going to make things right, that explanation would go a long, long way toward giving me confidence in your team, your vision, and your product. Thanks, Jonathan This has been looking strange since their PAX appearance. I would love my money back This user's account has been deleted. @Justin Are you even reading the comments? Nobody would blame Alex for failing to finish the game. We blame him for not providing any communication with the consumers to inform them of the game's progress. While your friend may just be a guy you hang out or drink with, he's also a businessman who has collected $170,000 from consumers on the basis of developing a game, then stopped providing updates and effectively refusing refunds. You're a software dev, here's an analogy I'm sure you could understand: Suppose Microsoft takes pre-orders for their newest fleet of Windows products. Hundreds of thousands of dollars flood in with many happy customers. Microsoft promises a great and revolutionary product. A couple months later, Microsoft stops revealing news about their new product. They ignore the attempts from the customer to figure out what's going on and does not authorize refund requests. What your "friend" is doing is not "like any entrepreneur;" he's acting extremely irresponsibly and a lawsuit is more than justified. Please, for all our sakes, talk to him. [Disclaimer: I'm not personally affected by this situation as I only paid a dollar, but I can totally appreciate the frustration people are going through. This is not the time to be defending Alex, this is the time for him to man up and talk to his community.] <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." @Dustin: Primer's behavious so far isn't sitting well with me, but neither is yours: You're making extravagant (and potentially libelous) claims, without providing any evidence and you're simultaneously claiming to be shopping around an article of the supposed research. Can you please share your information with the other backers? In particular, the evidence for these two claims: "You should know, right off the bat, that based on what we've found (and been told) - Alex Peake seems to have run out of money after spending it recklessly, and doesn't plan on continuing with this project." "I've found evidence of Alex Peake's scamminess dating back to 2008." Dear Alex Peake: You are an asshole. Dustin, who are you? I have personally known Alex for awhile and be it as it may he is like any entrepreneur, he has big dreams and a large vision, and he goes through more hell than most of the people on this list trying to bring that all together. We all knew the risks, and should have done our own due diligence before 'Donating' to his kick-starter. In the end some projects will succede, and some will fail. I still hope to some day play a completed version of this game, and I can tell you that in ernest work was done on this game. I have seen and install alpha playable versions of the game. I hardly think you have grounds to form a class action lawsuit. As far as the $ 10k donors, Kickstarter does not release those numbers or names, but I suspect I know of these people too. You should have never done Kickstarter as a consumer, this is a service to donate to artist and creative people to help them get their projects going. Everyone should have been aware of the risks. I contributed a donation of $133, and I knew what I was getting into, both as a friend of Alex, and as a software developer and the challenges for this project to succede. And we're off! Seems like this has all come to a head today. I've found evidence of Alex Peake's scamminess dating back to 2008. He's had several failed projects like this one. Keep an eye on your favorite gaming blog for more details (might I recommend Joystiq?), and please email me at that <email> address to get your name on a mailing list. PLEASE NOTE, AGAIN: I am not affiliated with Primer Labs or Alex Peake in any way. And so far, no legal papers have been filed. I am collecting names so that I can, sometime soon, send out an email to everyone interested in taking legal action against Alex Peake and/or Primer Labs. To anyone keeping an eye on this space - a modest number of Code Hero backers have reached out to me, sharing information and requesting to be kept "in the loop" with any of our collective findings. You should know, right off the bat, that based on what we've found (and been told) - Alex Peake seems to have run out of money after spending it recklessly, and doesn't plan on continuing with this project. There are well over 1000 backers out there who pledged for physical rewards. And, tragically, 6 backers who pledged at the $1k level who thought their money would be well spent on an educational tool for schools. As I've said before - I'm sort of desperate to be proven wrong about all of this. An update on the status and future of Code Hero would be more than welcome. But, should that update never come, all backers should feel free to email me at: <email> Please provide only whatever details or information you are comfortable sharing. This may include your pledge level, pledge amount, if you have attempted to contact Alex or Primer Labs, if you've requested a refund, etc. Please note that this is an early attempt at organizing backers of Code Hero into a group where we can better communicate. No legal papers have been filed at this time. Hey everyone! I am looking to speak with some of you backers who donated at the $1k+ levels. There are 18 of you, 2 of which donated $10k for this thing. Please reach out to me if you can at dustindeckard at gmail daht cahm. Thanks! Does anyone else here get a little confused by the stretch goal? Not to say that I regret backing a project about teaching programming, but the notion of "with an extra $100,000 we can make an MMO!!" points to gross inexperience to me. Alex, you are neither the first nor the last person who will want to make a programming game. Having played your demo, I regret to tell you that you were making a game with programming, not making a game out of programming. I was hoping that by now you'd have found the fun in your game, but if I had to guess you've found your game isn't fun enough, not to mention $100,000 is an incredibly tight budget. The fact that you seem to be seeking more funding makes me hope that this project works out for you, but between the volunteer programmers you've "hired" and the total lack of communication, I think the best thing you could do for the people who backed your product (if they're programmers, anyway) would be to let us have the source code so we can play with it ourselves. Of course, I only put $13.37 into this so I'd be happy to muck around with source code and call it a day. If you honestly think you can finish the game, start by reassuring the people who made it possible that this is true. Thanks, Jonathan Due to the woeful lack of communication I would also like to request a full refund please. Gutted to have to ask, I had such high hopes for the project. :-( Unrelated: it sucks seeing lots of other game projects fail on Kickstarter and knowing that this one raised $170k, most of it being in the last 48 hours. It's all very suspicious. I am incredibly curious who the two $10k backers were - I imagine either friends of Alex, or even dummy accounts of his own. Perhaps he procured some other financing or small business loan and dumped the money into KS to raise hype? Final note: a few weeks/months ago I would have felt bad for expressing these opinions so publicly. It just doesn't seem appropriate. Maybe Primer/Alex actually have some happy, satisfied backers out there. But I haven't found any! If anyone has a recommendation on where to place further thoughts/criticisms, please let me know. Otherwise I feel obligated to continue documenting the lack of communication from Primer in this space. @Zunaid Mayet - very nice summarization of our current situation. I wish I had reached out to you earlier, as I have done almost the exact same research over the last couple of weeks and have been compiling it all. I have some acquaintances at Joystiq, Engadget, and Polygon, so my current plan is to take all of my findings, write it up in a formal blog post, and then shop it around and hope someone at one of the big tech/gaming sites picks it up to help spread the word. I don't see how to contact other users directly on Kickstarter, but please feel free to shoot me an email (dustindeckard at gmail doht cahm) if you'd like to team up. I've got $313 wrapped up in this mess and have attempted to get it back via comment, direct message via KS, direct email to Alex, Twitter reply to Alex, and even voicemail left with Alex. One last point of concern from me, I promise. This quote taken from the article linked to by Andrew Carlson is very concerning (<url>"The beta will launch… when it’s ready! [Laughs] What will determine how quickly it gets ready is how quickly we can get the necessary funding and programmers to do it. We can deliver a bunch of levels that deliver on what we promised originally, but what we have in mind is ten times more ambitious. We’ve been talking to quite a few interested investors, philanthropists and foundations, and it looks like they’re going to be willing to help us finish the job." At no point during the pledge drive was the amount of money indicated as being insufficient for the project to be completed. Updates, such as they are, have also not indicated an increase in scope of the project or that additional money will be required to complete. It would appear that primer are simply trying to parley the gains they made through Kickstarter into increased gains through investors. I would advise any inveestors looking at this project to be very wary what they do with their money. This Saturday evening I've taken some time out to see what I can dig up on this venture. First up we have the updates available at Kickstarter. The most recent update states, "...We're going to ship the new Code Hero Alpha to everyone this Friday. Full PAX report and announcement coming also this week!" Neither of these events happened. If any backers have heard differently, please share. It's also interesting to note that as time has worn on the status of the project has been regressing. What was a "Beta needing funds to finish development and be released" has now become a prototype. An update in July anouncing a new Beta was subsequently downgraded to an Alpha in September. Next up we have the youtube accounts for codehero (<url>#Acco): Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Can Kickstarter refund the money if a project is unable to fulfill? No. Kickstarter doesn't issue refunds as transactions are between backers and creators, and creators receive all funds (after fees) soon after their campaign ends. Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for UK projects). So the creator is legally obliged to deliver on their project and while Kickstarter can't issue refunds, the creator can. Purely as a matter of course, I would advise all backers to write to primer labs asking for a refund (<url>"I don’t think it will be longer than a year away. The next PAX is certainly a goal. Although one thing I learned from announcing the alpha during PAX Prime is that it’s really hard to engage with fans at the convention and release a game to customers at the same time. Customers deserve as much focus and attention as attendants at an expo. Therefore I think we would launch it before PAX, or just after, but not during. That would be the window we’re looking toward, anyhow." So, there's your update. Just as an FYI to the people who have been asking for their money back, it seems that Alex Peake and the rest of the people at Primer Labs don't really intend on going out of their way to get back to you. Call your credit card company - you were told you were going to be compensated for your money and you weren't. I just got my $42 back after less than three days of putting in a ticket with my credit card company. I am officially requesting a full refund as well. When you missed the first date, I was ok. When pax passed and we got nothing, I was ok. It is almost December and I haven't even heard a peep from you. If you had said, sorry guys, we found a deal breaking bug we are trying to fix, I would have found that acceptable. ANY form of communication would have satisfied me. Enjoy your $170k, I won't be spending another dime. @primerlabs @alex peake I am requesting a full refund. Please contact me as soon as possible. 7 days ago I sent a Alex a formal message, requesting EITHER an explanation of the delays and a roadmap for delivery, or a full refund. I did not receive any response. It's tragic that he is allowing so much animosity so build up - I don't see any way now that he and Primer will be able to salvage their reputation. Maybe if they had taken action a few weeks ago and dug themselves out. I am requesting a refund as I have not yet got my pledge of which I paid $42 for. @primerlabs @alex peake I am also requesting a full refund. The lack of communication with this is completely unacceptable and the lack of delivered goods has sapped all the excitement I had for this product. Please contact me as soon as possible. @primerlabs @alex peake Please consider this a formal request for a full refund. Please contact me in order to resolve this. @alex peake Hey guys. I'm sorry that things aren't going as planned on your end. I know that you had high hopes for this project, but many of us expected to be reimbursed for our support. Eight months later, very little details have come trickling through. This message will serve as a formal request for a refund to my credit card. Please contact me when possible so that we can resolve this. @primerlabs @alex peake Regretfully, with this comment I am also formally requesting a full refund of my kickstarter pledge. You have not delivered as promised and I have not received the product for which I pledged. Please contact me and let me know how this will be resolved. @Ian R - sorry, been away for a while. Yes, the credit card refund worked. Their view was this - paid money, product promised, product not delivered, give money back. I'd love to hear more about beta access. I pledged and have been waiting to try out the game. I have yet to hear anything. I even created an account on your site but couldn't find a way to identify that I was a backer. I would really appreciate it if you would clarify what was going on so we can get what we payed for. @primerlabs @alex peake Please keep us updated. I am a developer myself and I understand there are a lot things can make project delayed. So it is important to keep our backers updated on the situation. We can tolerate some project delay if it is reasonable, but we can not tolerate no communication or feedback at all. This project is pushing 11 month over scheduled release. It is going to hurt your reputation and as well as kickstarters. You will also lose any future backer and affect other good projects idea as well. @primerlabs @alex peake With this public comment I formally request a full refund of my kickstarter pledge. You and your team have, in my opinion, failed to communicate to your backers. I understood from the beginning that I was backing a great idea that promoted education through gaming. Unfortunately, the recent Alpha is extremely buggy and there seems to be no changes to the educational features of the game- the most critical component. You promised deliverables to your backers, but again, no definitive date has been set and all of your self-imposed deadlines have never been fulfilled. I will not be taken advantage of. Please contact me to provide full refund. I am sorry it did not work out. Guys, I want to love you so badly... I met you at PAX and was worried how the exchange was going to go, considering we're so far behind schedule, updates are very insufficient, and I pledged at a high level ($313). You were very apologetic and assured me that things were going to take off right after PAX, but that is another commitment that hasn't been met. I'll be happiest if I can get my money back, but I doubt that's a possibility. I had time and energy to dive into this stuff earlier this year. Now I'm married, working different hours, and have a very different life. Lots has changed since the estimated delivery date flew by. I'm seriously thinking about asking for a refund right now. Primer Labs, get your s*** together and give out the rewards. I gave you money to help fund this game and this is how you repay people!? Pathetic. According to VirusTotal, Nod32 is the only scanner giving a warning about this program, so I think it's a false positive, in case anyone was seeing the same problem. I ran 0.063 alpha tonight. It wasn't so impressive. It looked like it didn't have any new teaching content, which is the main, absolutely most important thing I was looking for. Did I just miss it? There was a lot of new eye candy in the opening area, but I didn't know what most of it was. Ada got hung up on some sort of bug before she gave me the tour (I chose dialog option 2, then option 3, which made the system freak out, and she just stood there opening and closing her mouth silently from then on), so I just wandered a little. The first level I entered just announced that it wasn't implemented yet (something about story triggers), and I was nearly trapped by a green cube which drifted inexorably towards me. I exited and explored some more. I found the levels ported from the earlier version, but they were buggy--the posters with code were mislabeled (the poster about how to create a cylinder, in its explanatory text, said nothing except "create a cube" three times); one of them didn't copy code correctly despite changing the cursor to read "copy code"--the gun just fired normally at it, which created cubes and thereby covered the code, although the identical sign to its left *did* copy code correctly; one section told you to use the "Say" command to identify object names, but the in-game interpreter didn't recognize the "Say" command. I tried to see if there was documentation, and the game got in to some intermediate state between the "escape" menu and the console, and popped up a mouse arrow cursor, and wouldn't move or bring up the console or anything anymore. I had to quit. It's not giving a good impression. There's little sign that the what I assumed was the core goal of the project--teaching programming--is being worked on at all, and everything seems exceptionally buggy and confused. I'd still love some communication. What's the current situation? How many people are working on this at this point? Is there a plan in place? What are the challenges? Please help us believe that development is being attempted in good faith. @alex peake- update please. @code hero- update please. ... @ alex peake- i'm not trying to be harsh, but development of rewards and software should be treated equally since the backers had your back. I believe in the project and it's overarching goals, but when does the creator become responsible to deliver the rewards? We're pushing 8 months now. Please make an effort to update us every month. Please show us progress on the boxed edition and usb drive. It looks like you can download it from primerlabs.com/download, but Nod32 Antivirus quarantined the file and terminated the connection when I tried to download it, saying it had "Probably unknown NewHeur_PE virus." Can anyone verify if this file is safe? So how do we access this new build? I go on their website and it ask for payment and I dont see anything here. This was my very first kickstarter project and to date its the only one not to produce its reward! When on earth am I going to get my $42 Reward? This is ridiculous! New build is up now! @Angelo Serra- did the refund request from your credit card work? please let me know. thx. ... I wish they would fix the website, the site won't let me actually log in without having them send me a log in. And when I do, I can't actually do anything because the site doesn't fully recognize that I've logged in. I realize that they don't have a full time PR person, but I do think that they should see some of this stuff coming. So... Alpha was meant to be yesterday (7th) yet nothing.... ... Looking forward to an update too~ It's been on my mind ever since they showed the trailer :). I did find this, though: <url>"are you a gamer / hacker? My brother is one of the developers of the soon to be launched CODE HERO. He and his crew are coming to town Thursday through Sunday" The user's profile says they reside in Seattle. That doesn't count as news to me, though. The Code Hero facebook page also posted a video a couple days ago, saying Code Hero would be "on display" at PAX, whatever that means. The page, by the way, also says "Sign up, the private beta has begun!" Being left in the dark for months at a time isn't pleasant. If my excitement level was a 10 when I backed the project, it's a -3 now. I hope they do release something by the end of PAX Prime, but I hoped for that during PAX East too. Communication, Code Hero, you need to do it. I can't be the only person who has gone from excited, to indifferent, to cynical, during your silence. well..... today was August 31st, any news? @Agon: They still have to work on the final product. They need both the money and to put the work in to make the final product. @ Ethan Rountree Thanks for that link! I like the statement "so people don't think we're criminals". Maybe if Alex got rid of that douch-y hat it might help. Agon, IGN Germany says what other networks say, that is: some projects get funded, others do not. Code Hero has a release date on their website. August 31, 2012 <url>"...We appreciate all of your support, and the funds donated have propelled us closer to our dream. Thank You" What do you mean with "closer"? With a successful funding it was promised to reach the Target and beyond that not only getting "closer"? Attention Alex Peake, Primer Labs. et. al: Please take 20 minutes to login to KickStarter and post Update #17 ASAP. All you have to say is that you're working on the project and that you're trying to address the late delivery of the physical stuff. If you've had enough time to sit and eat a meal any time in the past several months, then you have enough time to post a short and quick update. I met the Primer Labs guys in person at PAX East and I thought you were all great. Help me keep my faith in you and shoot out an update through KickStarter because I'm starting to see cobwebs here at your KickStarter page, at the Primer Labs site, and the Twitter feeds for Code Hero and Primer Labs. PLEASE DO IT NOW. Thank you. Thanks for the quick intervention Gavin, remember that if you don't show people what you are doing they won't know and if they are customers they might get angry! Also, since you kickstarted it please give us direct feedback and don't really count on journalists to convey it, since no one knows if those who backed the project will read articles that are about the game, if they have been written. I work with the team. I apologize for the delays on updates, we plan to release more news soon. We have office space at the ign indie-gaming section, and have a number of full-time people now, including 2 programmers, and 2 artists. Kickstarter has been great to us, and let us be in their gaming booth at PAX. We appreciate all of your support, and the funds donated have propelled us closer to our dream. Thank You And pictures form Alex's facebook. <url>#t=13m30s watch 13:30 - 17:26 What is going on with this thing! KICKSTARTER!!!!!! Where are you in this situation? I've contacted KICKSTARTER via the contact link down below and no response either....totally frustrating... I have emailed the support line twice prior to posting a couple of days ago and have not received a response. I would have expected given the post that included "Antoinio's" message to Lori that, being a $42 backer, I would have gotten a communication. I am glad now that I did not back any higher. Since I have not received the merch promised, I am calling to dispute the chard to my cc. The coupon code is in update 2. I don't think they left but I am a little annoyed about how few updates we've had. I wouldn't mind (acctually I would prefer) waiting a little longer for the game and having SOME news. A little weekly update would be really nice. I am quite worried about the lack of news. Has anibody here been to pax east and had a chance of meeting these guys? I have sent a few messages - no updates on the website, here or on Facebook. I agree - took money and ran. Unfortunately, it is activity like this which will kill these sorts of projects on Kickstarter. I also was unable to activate the beta code and did not have any responses to requests for assistance. I never got my product code to begin with and I backed this project a week before it came out. :( I really wanted to play and Ive been looking at my e-mail once a week in order to see when I could get the testing code. Vaporware garbage. I bet they took our money and ran. From <email> after I talked to Alex on the phone (the number is in the support section of the site. ---- Lon, This is Antonio from Primer Labs. I have been replying to most if not all emails people send us. I flagged yours to try to respond but I got caught up on a lot Primer Labs day to day tasks so I apologized for not particularly getting to you on a timely fashion. Updates: We are working hard on finishing conceptualizing the next version of the game and working on a lot of the mechanics that will make the new version of Code Hero more than just a prototype. Why no updates: Busy working on the game we promised. A game that teaches you programming and to make games. Kickstarter rewards: One reward at a time. We are starting with the biggest order, anyone who donated $42 or more. We sent a survey, we are shopping and getting everything we need together to efficiently deliver those rewards. About the game: We are working on it. I can't give you an exact day at the moment on when we will release the next update. However I will personally be writing updates on our site very soon. I will also fix the outdated information. I have been collecting information as to what our programmers have been working on in order to give our audience a more accurate update. Soon. About the Live Stream every Monday: You are right, we were supposed to. We did not realize how time consuming everything we are setting up and what we have been doing to make this game a success in terms of delivering what we promised actually takes. Although Gamebridge Unitiversity still goes on every Monday, Live Streaming it as been put on hold temporarily until we go back and revisit the Gamebridge Unitiversity. These are more updates I will be putting on our website very soon. We really appreciate your patience and the patience of a lot of our backers. I have been communicating with the backers individually about their rewards. However like I mentioned above, starting with the $42 and above backer Tier. Thank you for emailing us. If you have any more concerns or questions, please email me. I will do my best to answer as soon as possible. - Antonio ---- Vaporware. Nothing has been updated, nothing shipped and the creator has gone missing. Updates are promised "soon" and 2 months later nothing. I've sent email to <email> and through here and after a week, no reply. Heck, the only activity on Alex's Kickstarter is the flurry of projects he backed after he got our money. If they are so disorganized that they can't update regularly, they'll never get the game out of testing. On March 3 he said that he would post a timeline soon. I don't know where in the hell you're from, but soon is not two and a half months. "could release some beta updates in addition to going to various conferences and being rockstars?" -- David Jacobitz. I feel the same way. As a backer we will be your biggest promoters, heck your product will do well at promoting its self. I'd like to see some actual progress with Code Hero. The Primer Labs team is starting to look shady. why promise and not deliver? this really does not help faith in your team. please explain yourselves. kinda ticked becuz as a backer, i deserve a little better. Sandro: Personally, I have no use for social media, and actually filter that stuff out at home. So, facebook updates are worthless to me. There's a mechanism in place here for communicating to his backers. I'd prefer to be able to see something here. So...has the philosophy of "release early, release often" been deprecated already? I understand that this is the coolest idea ever, and you want to tell people about it, but maybe with 170% funding, you could release some beta updates in addition to going to various conferences and being rockstars? For the record, have you guys checked out the Primer Labs Facebook page and support forums? They seem to post and respond there more often. Also their webpage lists e-mail and phone contact information for the team. While they did say they would post on Kickstarter and e-mail, I at least give them credit for not completely disappearing. I can understand how trying to get this project to the finish line makes it hard to keep up with 4-5 different communication venues. While I'm not concerned about not having received anything as of yet, I do think it is in bad form for Alex & crew to not provide bi-weekly or monthly updates on the progress of this project. People have invested themselves into an idea, and taken a leap of faith with funding. The least they deserve is a semi-regular update. Please give us an update. Even something as simple as "Hey everyone, we're working hard on the game, sit tight - expect to hear more from us in about a month", while minimal, would be more welcome than this silence. @Robert Rothbard My only connection to this project is as a backer, and if you read my previous posts it's rather obvious we have similar complaints. The Estimated Delivery date is for access to the beta of the game. Everyone who backed this project can download it right now for free. Expect physical goods to ship when the game is done, not before. Game development takes a long, long time. Expect no less than an additional 6 months for it to be completed. That isn't to say I don't think this project should be criticized. It should, but for the right reasons. The lack of progress updates is very off-putting. The lack of updates to the beta is aggravating. One-month turn-around times for email is similarly disappointing. Especially when each of those problems is so easily addressed. Writing a progress update would take less than an hour. There are new versions of the game, the PAX video proves it, make it available for download. And sit down and reply to some emails. That's it. Yet, here we are months after the project was funded, no closer to the game (and extras) we've already paid for. Inverse vertical mouse view please! Thanks. Here's what Kickstarter's boiler plate is: " If the Estimated Delivery Date has passed, check for Project Updates that may explain what’s happening. Sometimes creators hit unexpected roadblocks or simply underestimate how much time it takes to complete a project. If they haven’t posted an update in a while, try sending the creator a message or posting a comment to request more information about their progress." Do you have an update on when this will be available? My son is itching to get his shirt package and drive and bugs me EVERY day. :) hi guys, an update would be nice. i backed this project for the Elite Collector's Edition as a gift for a family member. their birthday has come and gone. i realize quality means time, but that's no reason not to update the people who've helped make the project a "reality". :( Mike Hudson here's what I'm looking for and want to know when I will get these? Elite Collector's Edition You get the digital download AND the boxed USB version! The Collector's Edition comes on a special USB drive in a book box signed by Alex Peake and the whole developer team with a scroll full of codefoo secrets. You also get a CODE HERO T SHIRT! Estimated Delivery: Feb 2012 Thanks, Robert Hey guys! I found a video with new footage from PAX east at 13:33 Alex shows footage from the new build. <url>#/codeherogame) there was a new version of Code Hero being worked on (<url>#!/codeherogame/status/185523874895634432) and then demoed at PAX (<url>#!/codeherogame/status/188272830234902528) Was the version demoed at PAX the same that's available to backers at primerlabs.com? Or is there an update that hasn't been made available? When are we getting our t-shirts? Thanks. Glad you guys were able to meet all your goals! When will backers receive an update on the game and rewards? There's some new Code Hero news posted on the Primer Labs site: <url>"a timeline for pledge fulfillment" includes details re when they'll ask for the postage details. Does anybody know when the backers who backed over $42 are going to get an email about the postage details for the rewards? Thanks to <email>, I got my password set up and I can open the downloaded beta version. Let's have a look... Looks like a fucking scam. I promised 50$, never got an answer, but I got my CC drained for 50$. I try to download the beta but I'm prompted for a password I never received. SCAM Does anyone know how far/what achievements are necessary to have the game save your progress. I've been through a handful of java-script challenges and when I restart the game, I need to create my character all over again. An option to save from the console would be amazing for those of us who can realistically only play for 30min to an hour at a time. Download of game: Check Update 2 for a code you use to redeem it from the codehero.org site. (You go to order it for one buck, then the redeem code gives you one buck off) Are there any forums? I found a "support" page on the primerlabs site after logging on, but a forum must be located somewhere? Mustn't it? A forum, where exchange of ideas can happen, art assets be requested upon, code be showcased.. A forum. Forum! Forum! Forum! I really enjoy the concept of the game, and the mechanic do sort of work really great. I can see this going really great if the make it look and feel "tighter". How do I get the beta? I paid $13, but can't seem to find where I can make my account to download the beta... How do I log in? where can we download the game? Evan, it took me three tries of changing my password, plus digital patience. I would wait an hour or so after changing your password before trying again. I can't play the game..... I donated a dollar and everything and made a primer account but when I try to play it says "Check email and password". This is dumb Ramona, just try again, after about four or five tries of changing my password one of the passwords was eventually accepted. I didn't get a password at check out due to a bug in the process. But it should be the same as the password for primer labs. Sorry, but I missed the not so fine print about a password appearing after checking out. I registered as a new member at Primer labs, but my password doesn't work to play the game. How do I show up as a Kickstarter supporter on your site? My email address is not recognized. I am skeptical that an MMO can be successfully made for $200,000 -- I'd rather see the full amount go towards making the best single player (or multiplayer, but not an MMO) experience that the team can make. Congrats on getting the funding! How and when will the full game be available? I honestly cant get past the first Javascript Level. I completed all of the tasks and she says Coingrats! but there is this freaking force field or something in the way of the exit door... Can you guys please calm down with the HUGE text, especially in your emails? :) I know you're excited and all, but it makes your updates really hard to read when they don't fit on my screen. Beta Download info? How long until the full game is released? I would prefer you not spend any money towards Multiplayer, as single player needs to be focused on. Maybe have a Kickstarter for Multiplayer once single player launches. Please don't try to do too much and short both projects. The focus should be on single player. I am not able to download 0.192 beta plz help I WANNA PLAY THIS GAME SO BAD!! Congratulations from Norway! Really glad to see this pulled through, got me worried there for a bit a few days back. Never underestimate the power of the crowd. Can't wait to see where this goes. :-D Perhaps if the game can be pre-ordered for those people that doesn´t know yet that they want this game (but will know after some trailers), so the last dollars can come in? $170,954 is a really good start. Good luck with the project. This can be really huge. 29 k short of 200k. can you possibly still offer 1$ betas to bridge the gap? multiplayer would be great!!!! well done code hero team!!!!!! wtf!?!? 10k indian givers? So excited! I'll be in SanFran in spirit for the victory party! Last minute! Congrats!! I'm kinda sad the last few people backed the project, we almost had 7331 backers exactly :p I noticed =(. That sucks! one of the 10k pledges just pulled out :( Is there any possibility you might add multiplayer somewhere down the line if it doesn't hit the $200k mark? FTW!!!!!!1``11`1!~1`1` love the concept! Cant wait to try it out~! i cant get in the game, login fine but as soon as i click play it feezes, also says to download latest version 0.192 but i already have it installed :( Tried to download the game and there was an error, saying that "the source file could not be read".. Are there any mirrors? When it says include 10$ for international shipping... does that mean if pledge $31 it will take 10 out i.e i pledged 21$ or would it add ontop of it so $40? @Luke, the answers to most of your questions can be found at: primerlabs.com/codehero. In short,you learn to program in the Unity3D environment. But as a long time programmer, those skills will translate to other environments. Any programming experience can be a launchpad to your own projects.. Also, when does this game officially "come out"? Can I download the current version somewhere? I have no idea what's going on, but I am excited! We're down to needing 10k per hour to get multiplayer. It doesn't look like it's going to happen :( I guess I'd better go read my copy of Mona Lisa Overdrive... Hey Alex, I just decided to back your project at the $13 level, but I have a couples questions. If you could find the time to answer, I'd greatly appreciate it! 1. What will I be able to do if I complete Code Hero? More specifically, will I have all of the knowledge and resources to create a game of my own? 2. To create a game, will I have to do it through Code Hero, or will I have the required knowledge and resources to create my own game completely independent of Code Hero? 3. Code Hero seems to be based in a 3D environment -- will it touch on games such as 2D sidescrollers at all? 4. 100K seems like kind of arbitrary number when you say "we need 100k more to make it multiplayer". I mean, how do you come up with that number and how does it "magically" get multiplayer with that much more money? If you could answer these questions I'd be grateful. I'm just really wondering what exactly I should be able to do after I work my way through Code Hero, and if my game creations are limited to the Code Hero platform, or if Code Hero will teach me to be a coder completely independent of Code Hero itself. Thanks for your time, and good luck with the project! +1 for Linux support Holey moley! I was part of this when it when they needed $60,000. I'm glad the news push had sent it WAY over the edge! Congrats! Nice game, but please, put a "no voice" option in the game, the actual text reader voice give me the creeps. C'mon people, only $43,716 to go to get Multiplayer! *increases pledge* Make that $43,316. Beautiful concept, I can't wait to see how you further it! Been playing around in the beta for 10 minutes and I can already tell this is something special. Learning code for me has always been difficult, while there are always online guide and so on, I've always needed a hands on way to see if what I'm learning is working. And as you probably know finding a good teacher in the subject tends to be quite expensive. I found that if you find a teacher that knows how to code well, they know they can make a lot more money that a teacher salary. This is an amazing, and maybe even better substitute for that, and I'm really enjoying this, not just as a learning experience, but as a game as well! Thank You for the work your doing! I have been playing around on the beta for just an hour and I've already learned more about programming than any book or class has ever taught me. It puts everything in to a context where it finally makes sense to me. Love the project, love the game! Keep up the good work, Alex! Amazing job Alex! You've captured peoples imagination with this project. Congratulations! How do you log in? Sorry Rashid but I definitely want this for the multilayer, although the Single player is going to be epic and a good learning tool for unity no doubt. Also does the under 13$ dollars pledge get you a regular copy of the game when it comes out or just the beta? Use the money to make the single player experience better, doubt anyone signed up for this for multiplayer. But what do I know :) Do just the single player. It's a great objective in it's own. I definitely want to ensure that more time and effort is put into the single player aspect of this game if they do decide to do multiplayer. But truthfully I don't think they have the budget to do MMO... If you want to be part of history NOW is your chance! Backed $52.00 for international postage! come on 200K :D Here's hoping the multiplayer content in no way degrades the single player foundation of the game! This is a fantastic idea, the beta is awesome, and I look forward to seeing what's in store for the future! I pledged 133, and had the opportunity to play the beta tonight with my 8 year old son. Just to see him get excited about programming was worth every penny.. The finished product is going to be amazing! Marcus: Nicely put, i couldn't agree more // although the thought of pair programming has always tested to be better than single drone programming. The numbers seem to be rising rapidly again now. I have to say that I really hope they won't go for the multiplayer-stuff though. I've tried the beta and I think that there's enough to do to just get the single player polished and good, and the single player is what I'm backing this project for. Developing this into some sort of MMO like they mentioned in the update would be a massive undertaking - even with a lot more financial backing than they thought I'm pretty sure the single player will suffer and not live up to its potential if they attempt something like that. This is a problem I often have with these crowd funded projects, really. I support one project, but when it gets enough funding it turns into another project that isn't what I was originally promised when I pledged. I would love it if they start with using the money only for what was originally promised and just go for more after that is done and polished. Backed $52 to secure international postage :D I pledged 13, then after realizing just how awesome this game sounds and how awesome I want to see it succeed, I up'd it to 42. I can't wait to see it when its finished~ 6000 Backers! Well done! will this really teach me how to make a game? :P So wish I could afford the Unityversity Tuition. Wife made me sleep on the couch when I went from 13 to 42 :( changed my pledge from 13.37 to 42!!! LETS GET MULTIPLAYER GUYS. I know there are parents out there. How proud would you be to teach your children to use a medium of pure and unabridged creation? Can there be a compiler only mode? where it is just the compiler and challenges? My computers graphics card sucks..... and even fastest is a bit laggy for me. I just upped my pledge from $1 to $42 so I get the full game collectors edition and T-shirt and usb key and book!! I want multiplayer! GOGOGOGO $200k This looks AWESOME guys!! Congrats on making your goal!! :D Can't wait to play this! -Liz from Party of Sin only $13.37?? pssshhh might as well be $3.50! WWWWoooooohoooooo good job guys I'm glad you did it! Ah, figured it! Sorry to spam. Hey folk! I've just backed, downloaded the game and signed up for Primer.com - the Code Hero application won't let me log in (Check email and password it tells me). I pledged $13.37 - is there something I'm missing? @Zac Carter you should check update #2 which is only viewable to backers, there you get a code which if you follow a link in that very post leads to the Codehero Beta Guys, there's a billion people who can't even read or write. Inspiring billions to code is gonna be difficult when there's billions who are struggling to feed themselves. Stay optimistic but keep it real, right? how do i get my code, I did the pledge for 1$ and nothing. Then I updated it for the reward at another 1$. Now I am out 2 dollars and should of just did the add to cart option. This is confusing and odd. But really this is important: Should international buys raise their pledge to compensate for shipping? @Jake Wringley - People will always be able to "pre-order" the game I think before it's release so new people can always support it. What does the T-shirt look like? It will push me from $1 to $42. I love the game @ncrikku- I'm pretty sure it's just the puchase confrimation oops, nevermind. I'm an eeediot. So, what DOES the E-mail I never got contain? Who do I contact for help with receiving my password? I seriously doubt we will be getting to 200K in 33 hours. Now, if you were to add a way to donate to the project even after this ends...that would be helpful. Sooo happy. I did not believe in the power of reddit. What a fool I was :P Guys, my only machine powerful enough to run Code Hero is a MAC, can you please make the Console button configurable? I have a spanish keyboard and no matter what language combination I try I cant get the ~ as a single keypress, I want to play the game! Hey guys, could you please enable inverted mouse look? I can't handle a first person game with non-gyroscopic mechanics!! This user's account has been deleted. I know it's a little bit late for questions, but are you going to add Linux support in Code Hero? I'm not using Windows nor Mac, and at the moment Code Hero is lagging heavily under Wine. Just up'd my pledge a bit. Hope this helps you get to your new goal! Congrats! Sorry I won't make the party (D.C. to S.F. is a bit far to travel) but do some celebrating for me. Maybe we (sadly) non-S.F.ers could join you remotely? P.S. Please add dates to your future changelogs :) Congrats guys! Like others I was a very early backer but wasn't sure it would make it. Very glad to see all the momentum. Great work taking this all the way through and now past the finish line. Wow...I got in a month ago, but I didn't think we would actually make it! Congratulation, you managed to reach the goal !!! I'm very happy for you, and also for myself because I'm going to play this great game in its final version. :) If this game does what you say it will do, I support it 100%. Oh yeah... totally didn't think of this also. I live in the UK ... will you ship here (If not I'm sad) and how much should I up the pledge by for shipping? I pledged $42 ... will I get the reward or do I need to pledge $42.37. I'm assuming I don't otherwise a lot of people may end up unhappy. Wanna thank reddit for this one. Back 43$. Can't wait to check this out. Pledged 13$ :D Do you do international shipping? I was thinking of upping my pledge to get the USB version, but I live in the United Kingdom so didn't know whether to bother with that as an order. a great game, apart from the horrible computer NPC voice. will this eventually be properly voice-acted instead? Sounds like a great educational tool :) Found this on Redditt, so glad i did, even as a poor college drop out i can do my part in bettering the world and i know this tool will do that for millions! i'm glad reddit brought me here. i have been wanting to build my geek-cred and this seems to be just the ticket! congrats guys! $1,337,000 back this project, back this project, back this project! Let's make it to 133,700 and stop it there. Brilliant! And without any big backers! Power to the Code Heroes. . . . . . . Awesome! Congratulations!!! Congrats xD teddy levine: you've finished it for now! this is only a little taster of what they're going for, there's much more to come! Yay!! You made it!! Congrats! I am so happy you made it. ^ if reddit got you here Congratulations! I'm really glad you got so much press coverage in the last few days; I was very much afraid you weren't going to make it. o.O Awesome Hell yeah!!! They hit it! You have no idea how overjoyed I am that this has happened. I can say with confidence that this game is going to change things. They hit it! You have no idea how overjoyed I am that this has happened. I can say with confidence that this game is going to change things. wow! grats! congrats guy's you reached you goal!!! Oh, 85k. Nice. Well, it's been an hour. Time to refresh. *100k* Wha- wow Hey. We made it! YAY!!! Woohoo! $100,000 has been met! I literally just heard of this project and immediately thought it was the coolest thing I've heard of in years. TAKE MY MONEY. Great Job everyone!!!! So happy to see the last minute rally! I tried sed code before, and NOW it worked! thanks Majugi, and hooray for reaching the pledge!!!! The first kickstarter project I've backed. Totally proud! Wow, someone just donated 10K just like that, right after I threw in my money. Bravo on it being funded! Woah! A huge pledge just came in! OVER THE GOAL! $100,783! YES! Holy cow, the pledge total just jumped by $10K as I was writing that last comment. Zerovile811, look at the updates tab, the code is in the second update. It's not letting me download the game D: i pledged $13 but I never received a code....... Hey so I donated and I played the first Javascript level and loved it! However, after I beat all of the challenges, I didn't know what to do next. There was a large orange wall that was impassable, and when I went back outside to the different javascript levels, all of them were blocked off (except for the first level). How do I continue to progress through the game? Wow I'm actually going to college to make video games and they're teaching us Unity, so this looks like fun. @Patricia thanks for the help, and it's good to know that I'm not the only one, because I started feeling pretty dumb not being able to solve it hehe. I hope to see some sort of reddit-related easter egg in the final version, seeing as they're (we're) likely to be the force that drives you past your goal. This is awesome and what hacking is all about! Let me know what to do so we can start using Code Hero at the Unallocated Space hackerspace to teach coding and help spread the word! OMG So close! We can make it guys! Duct tape your friends up and tell them to pledge with a gun against their head! This concept reminds me of MetaGame by Sam Landstrom (which is in turn based on the Jenova Chen's flow in games). The idea of using play to accomplish work/learning really hasn't been pushed far enough and it's tools like this that will bring it into the mainstream of education and production. When you think about how much effort people will put into playing a game it really makes you think that we're approaching work and learning in a completely backwards way. I can't wait to see this project take off! So irritating! Code Hero won't install. It tells me it can't move the msi file to the temporary location. congrats man your right at the verge. Keep putting the word out I will do the same. If every current backer upped their pledge by $5.20, with no new backers, it would break $100,000. When I pledged, I honestly didn't expect it to make it.. but that way it's shot up the last couple days, that's INSANE. Can't seem to get past the first senario, ADA LOVELACE says she will teach me programming and then stops...//help// Glad the sites back up and going superfast. Can't wait until the full versions ready Just over six and a half hours at the current rate. Which is still increasing, so if the trend holds, sooner than that! 80k! whoot! Gongrats, all! we'll have this done in just a couple of hours if we keep up this momentum! remember, spread the word! :P Still going strong at over $3,000 per hour over the last three hours. Go go go! I'm patient, no worries. Looks like an AMAZING concept. I wouldn't have backed it if I didn't feel that way. I'll try again later tonight - seems like it will reach it's goal though! yup:Nathan Apologies to the backers - the website is being HAMMERED right now, please be patient! n.n So I take it everyone else is getting the whole "Please check your email and password" thing? I didnt receive my code. tried changing my primer password 3 times... cant log into the beta. looks like they just put out an update as well not good planning lol. did they not expect to hit there goal? Hmm... seemed to have gotten register'd. But I take it the beta server is also tied to the site? I can't seem to login to the client. Its up and down... good luck A big congrats goes to you guys! Hope you make it! I backed it way back when it was first up and I was worried that It wouldn't make the goal! It was around 10k for a LONG TIME! trying to register is painful right now... everyone and there hamsters are trying to register and download the damn game. This looks awesome but the beta download server seems to be down, please post an update when the server is back up please! @Rashid Al Gaoud: There's a simple solution to that - simply back it more than once! Make multiple accounts, and gift the spare extra-spiffy editions you get to friends. Gone up a $1000 since I pledged like 5 minutes ago. This is going to pass! Almost doubled since I pledged. I wish I had more to offer. If I ever make a successful game I'll be sure to throw a little back their way. This is a fantastic excuse for me to learn Unity... :D This user's account has been deleted. You guys can do it! Looking forward to playing! Rate of pledges still increasing. Fully pledged in under 8 hours at current rate. $3,500 in the last hour. Woohoo! glitched into the restricted area! (Yes, it was a glitch, not hacking.) so yeah. you can jump over the sign that's blocking off the portal after you do the first hello world thing. unfortunately, it wouldn't let me get out, and i had to restart my computer. A reward level somewhere between $42 & $133 would help, it's just too wide a gap. I'm pretty sure many would increase their pledges for the right incentive. Good luck anyhow :) Reddit sent me... Can't wait to try the beta when the site is back up... Elite Collector's Edition here I come! This has suddenly become a lot more tense... ... Come on broseff 57 hours left and you're having web server issues. I NEED TO PLAY THE BETA... *scratch scratch Someone (ALEX) please restart/fix the web server. i feel like i pledged money to get the beta but with the way the money is starting to come in i may never be able to access primerlabs.com. good or bad thing... i dunno Pledged! Reddit sent me. Looks like a great project. Right now, pledges are averaging $38.20 per minute. At that rate, the goal will be met in under 13 hours. The good news: the rate is increasing. At the rate the pledges are coming in now, this just might make it! I really hope this thing happens. I pledged a bit and told my friends so hopefully that will help. Also it's on the front page of /r/gaming so hopefully other people will get excited with their wallets. I really hope this gets funded . We may become a nation of coders if this thing really takes off . I'm learning UnityScript now and boy I wish I had this thing when I was a kid! Thank reddit for sending me here, hope this gets funded. Vladimore: I had the same problem. Spent ages trying to figure it out, even showed it to my husband who's already very familiar with Javascript and he couldn't figure out why it wasn't accepting what I was doing. All I could figure was that it was expecting a different value in some combination that I didn't try. I mastered the concept, so I just manually went to the next lesson. I've noticed that sometimes (a lot of times?) if you don't get it perfect the first time for whatever reason - a typo, or you used the wrong word, whatever the reason - it doesn't always "notice" that you have the right answer after you correct yourself, too. I guess the next version is going to be more or less completely redone, so these are probably issues that will go away soon. :) Really want to see this get funded...just bumped up my pledge a bit to help. Hope some others do the same or keep spreading the word! Very interesting idea! I played for a little bit and while I'm quite familiar with C++ I found that the amount of fun I had doing the intro section for JS to be less than ideal; The automated voice acting was PAINFUL to listen to and totally broke immersion. This user's account has been deleted. I pledged $13.38, and will donate more if I have some spare cash the next few days... I am a newbie looking for a way into programming; I have tried some books and reading materials, but they do not work very well for me... I am hoping this is a good place for a new beginning. :) I really hope it reaches $100k. I pledged $42. Also, I think it would be interesting to add a Python section some time down the line. I know a bit of Python and it seems like a great (powerful) language for noobs to learn. What's the problem you're having? Try reading the instructions again. Here's some basic syntax: //declare the variable var variableName; //set the Variable to the number 1 variableName = 1; //output the result of the variable to the console print (variableName); Hey Alex, I'm currently stuck on the level Variable Naming in the Javascript 101 section. I've spent like 20 minutes fumbling around and I cannot for the live of me figure it out. What am I doing wrong? Alright Thanks guys. I didn't see a mission update saying what I should do next, and tried entering html5, and since i couldn't figured i had to do something to progress the game. @ Spencer just skip that and go directly into either the JavaScript or Unity door @ Spencer Barrett - I don't remember having to actually code something to talk to her. You just walk forward, and she is there. Then, from there you either enter the javascript room or unity room. Bought it. Have a question. I'm supposed to "talk to ada Lovelace" I tried print("hello ada lovelace.); but nothing. how can i get past this so i can actually start the game. Keep up the good work ! Ada's lovely female British voice that is heard in the video is missing from the game I have; it is just a dull computerized male voice. One thing I've noticed is that the user created objects can't be destroyed. Plus, I don't think there's a save feature yet because the levels reset each time I start it. At least it recognizes if I've played before. This looks great, but are there plans to release this for Linux as well? I got it working, but now there's a new problem. I can't find a save button. Is that because it's beta, or have you just not added one yet? Is there a way to invert the mouse? Can't seem to find a setting for that anywhere. Ah, I am so excited for this! If this doesn't go through, I will seriously cry. ...chat storm? Oh boy.. I really hope this kickstarter goes through. Had lots of fun re-learning my javascript and really look forward to learning unity and html5 All we need to do is agressively spread word of this project like people did with Tim Schafer's Kickstarter. Only four days left and not even half way there. :( I love this project I hope that if it does happen to fail the goal, you don't give up. I signed up for primer labs and it won't let me play. What do we do? I enter in my email and password and it says, "Check your email or password." Great stuff Team - is Arnie still a senator? He strikes me as somebody who might want to back the creation of SkyNet! Hey dudes!! I finally log in!! but when I'm done with loading , it crash right away!!!! Hey man,I register the Primer Labs, but I still can not log in!!!! why? I've already pledged! Sorry for the difficult sign-up process, guys. You need to log in as your Primer Labs user name/password in order to play. <url>"purchaced" the game using the coupon. An electronic army If I was me, I'd get on the internet and send out a major distress signal "Hackers of the world, Unite!" You're going to need more than just two media icons. You're going to need an army. Fabulous! We need tools like this; crossing my fingers (and wishing I had 70k to toss your way). Well, this thing has got 1337 backers, at least. Fingers crossed we can make the dollar goal as well. @Sammy I think you will get to keep the reward, even if the kickstarter doesn't make it. You'll just end up with a Beta forever - so lets make sure it does make it!! Can you help: <url>"Hello Princess" if a string equalled "Nell"! Fantastic game, my 11 year old is addicted already. I hope we get to do some Turing machines later! Issue: why is the windows version reporting as 0.191 when I installed 0.192? Also, I asked a few questions on the Army facebook page.. If it continues growing at this rate we'll easily make the pledge amount. I so want this pledge to go through! @Alex Peake: I think my question may have slipped by unnoticed so I'll repost (it's a response to your reply to me, so that's where to look if you want context). "That's good to hear... Do you mean a 'log in once' offline mode a la Steam or a proper 'never even have to log in once if you don't want' offline mode? The former isn't really DRM-free (since it still requires activation). I love what you guys are doing here. As a fledgling game developer and someone who is currently in a Virtual Tech and Design degree program I'm excited to see the independent game community bringing such a new and useful design to life. That this could help me learn a more useful game language to help make my game designs a reality is just icing on the cake. well i guess it s about the cupon "kickstarter1837" i didn't put? but i never saw where to put it. i don't know what i did wrong, but i pledged, get mails from kickstarter (one with my kickstarter login & password, the last update from code hero, this kind of stuff) but i still don't have access to the beta... => please check your e mail & password is all i have ! Really diggin' this man and spreading it around. I can't wait for the linux version so I can see what I just paid for :) you should do like, an art compeition to choose the design of the code gun or something. :P Get yourselves over to the Code Hero Army - We need your help - Missions have been posted - <url>"YOU! GO BUY NAO IT AWESOME!" XD Alex Peake: That's good to hear... Do you mean a "log in once" offline mode a la Steam or a proper "never even have to log in once if you don't want" offline mode? The former isn't really DRM-free (since it still requires activation). @Muskie. Interesting how different people react. I had similar thoughts, but my reaction was to wade straight in there and try to help. One thing I have learned as a performing musician and a performing professional trainer is that sometimes my performance is not always what it should be. If the audience starts booing, it just gets worse. So, if as an appreciative member of the audience you want the performance to improve, then you need to applaud and encourage the positive and help with the negative. This is a collaborative game, so collaborate! PS. Oh, and get a spell-checker plug-in for your browser, it makes life so much easier! Also, I just realised I cant edit that typo-filled rant I just made right now. Nice job, Kickstarter comment system XD Okay guys. love the idea, Love the concept. but you 're missing the Marketing aspect by a mile. your site is a shambles and full of spammers (even with the captcha.. you need some better WP plugins there), your IRC chatrooms don't exist, and there isn't any decent direct-feed video of the game. hire a gorram PR guy and a decent web designer, mang! This game has SO, SO much potential, and I want to see it go far. but you need to improve the puiblic face. p.s. Is this a temporary thing while it's in beta or will the finished game be like this? Because what you've got here at the moment seems to be one-time online activation (and that's definitely a kind of DRM). Hang on, if I have to log in to play how is this game remotely DRM-free? @Erik Iwarson: There was a German user on the Primer Labs site with a similar issue. He got around it by changing his keyboard layout in the OS to US. I too, have not been able to log in? I also pledged $14.00? I am not to worried though, I have sent a message to Alex and i am sure he will fix the issue. This looks pretty cool and can't wait to try. I have posted it on face book and have emailed a few friends. I wish we would have a little more time to get to the goal and every one could tell a friend and pass it on. This user's account has been deleted. I purchased this for $14. Got a beta invite. But my log in I created on the website does not work. The game is downloaded and installed but I cannot log in. Seems like others with this problem. Is it possible to save? Or even a Notch or Terry Cavanagh retweet -- both seem quite friendly towards games dev type applications. You might also try emailing Rock Paper Shotgun and telling them about the game, I think they'd be interested. They featured one of my site's blog posts and we got an insane amount of traffic. have you tried going to the Tim himself, and asking for a retweet, or anything of the sort? Some retweets can do crazy work... Wow, that was a biggy! Does anybody have Jeff Bridges email, or perhaps the Wachowski brothers? Anybody know any big guns who can set a trend with a top pledge? I hate to be the downer in the room, but I'm gonna throw out those words that developers seem to not want to hear: "Unity? So, tough luck for the Linux users?". Hope this project goes well. This should draw in every person who watched a certain 1980s Disney movie. But I'dve pledged 3- to 4-fold more had it been native-Linux capable. Just a heads up. Google Chrome 17.0.963.46 m is saying your beta is malicious. Here's hoping this project goes somewhere. General rule of thumb, everything is easier to learn in games. I still remember useless trivia (I mean highly important historical facts) from playing carmen sandiego games better then a lot of what I was supposed to learn in my high school history classes, and I'd love for this project to be able to do the same for coding. Why only one update after all this time? Would really love to see more activity on here! Gotta keep the info coming and fans involved to meet that goal. 100k, you aren't aiming low :) Well, good luck, and here's 42 sending positive thought waves.... back this project....back this project.....back this project! Glad to help! Moreover about the FAQ I would have done what I was asked to but it seems that for an accident of fate I ain't affiliated with the developing team. Tough I'd have loved that indeed, I am only a common backer alike you are. Here you are going to say: "That's not possible! He's a common backer but he can play the beta. Not fair!" Yes, I have to admit that, it's not so fair. But I'll reveal my secret. I can play the beta because in addition to pledge on the game here, I've bought it on their official site linked in the project home-page. Not that convenient, isn't it? Love, Conan Post Scriptum Re-reading this post I can't but help to laugh. I love my maccaronic-tryingtoberethoric english. (This is obviously an artefact) @Conan: Thank you! And I agree with Terence-- put this in the FAQ and/or the About text, in easily-read English! I upped my pledge, accordingly. You may want to add the platforms as a FAQ to the Project Home page. @Stephanie and Terence. Hi, the game is being developed using Unity, so I think that there will be an high chance to be cross-platform. At the moment there are only two build: the Beta 0.18 for Windows and Mac, but I have tested only the Windows version so far. Hope the best you, Conan I'm with Stephanie. I'd probably pledge higher if I knew I could play the game. Hi Alex, I knew you were behind that before clicking on the link. Good luck! I've watched the video. I've been on the website. I've read several pages, including the FAQ. I still have no idea if this game is platform-dependent (Windows, Mac, Linux), or cross-platform. If the information is out there, it's doing a good job of hiding from me. Does anyone know what kind of computer you need in order to run this? i love this game. Really excited i just pledged $42. also lol i am in the promo video playin the game at minecon :DDD Beta beta beta. But really this is an awesome idea. I am a programmer but I still want to play this and I'm sure I'll learn all kinds of stuff. (Like how to be better.) have you made beta access available yet? I mentioned you guys on the tigsource forum for indie dev's here: <url>"makerhoods" too! Hope you get a big PR boost once this gets funded. You might want to reach out to places like Engadget, Gizmodo, Hacker News, Reddit, The Verge, Kotaku, etc too. I unfortunately don't have contacts at any of those places, but I'm sure someone will pick it up. I wish your team and everyone at Noisebridge all the best. I'll see you all soon! Hey, we were next to you at Minecon! I am the character designer for Here Comes Launchman, and I really like the concept of this. I never got the chance to play the game though, was busy with other matters at the time. To make up for this, I backed $1, and I am planning on changing my pledge to a larger amount in the future. Can't wait to play this thing! Amazing concept, made an account just to back this. Great work. I think this project needs to marketed better. Have you guys tried contacting all the game news websites? Not just that but regular news/technology news. Codeacademy gets a lot of press for simply gamifying java tutorials but this game seems much more valuable, you have a market out there but you got to find the right news outlets. Oh come on! Stop crying and wait. He said that he is working on it. And by the way, I am amazed to plegde on a project like this. This user's account has been deleted. I pledged 13.38, how do I get beta access?