COLLAR PERFECT: The Perfect Transforming Ironing Solution for the On-The-Go Lifestyle Collar Perfect was formed with the vision to redefine the personal appearance in today's busy lifestyle. No longer does an individual need to spend hours laboring to iron their clothes. Today, we are a generation of on-the-go and convenient living. We don’t have time to find an ironing board, track down an iron, and tear apart a shirt in frustration. Think of all the polo shirts sitting in the closet because the collars no longer stay flat, button up shirts that never flatten out, or pant creases you just don't have time to perfect. Until now, there seemed to be no simple solution to the centuries old problem of how to fix a wrinkly garment. Ironing Board Frustration We invented a new solution that forever ends the frustration of conventional ironing. Collar Perfect allows quick touch-ups in traditionally the hardest places to iron. Collars, pockets, between buttons, pant creases, and every thread in-between can now be pressed on the go. Collar Perfect speeds up the ironing process through spot treatments of the garment, and promises to remove frustrations around the ironing board. It is the only on-the-go, on-the-body solution, yet is versatile enough to transform itself for traditional ironing applications when needed. This patent-pending solution is the Perfect solution to iron out the wrinkles in your life. Working Prototype: The Perfect Touch Up Position Working Prototype: The Transformed Conventional Ironing Position The Perfect News Stories Gizmodo: This Tiny Transforming Travel Iron Should Be the First Thing You Pack USA Today: Ingenious Travel Iron Smooths Your Threads on the Fly Gizmag: Collar Perfect iron lets users iron hard-to-reach places Yahoo: Insane Travel Kickstarters We Need Right Now The Art of the Kickstart: How to Turn Common Problems into Profitable Kickstarter Companies Charlotte Chamber Of Commerce: 2014 NorthWest PowerUp Edison Nation: ProtoTYPING: A ‘Perfect’ Product Idea Real Men Real Style: Creative Style Innovations For Men The Kim Power Stilson Radio Show: Finding a Simple Solution Fox News: Insane Travel Kickstarters We Need Right Now Travel on The Dollar: Carry this perfect iron the next time you travel Digital Trends: Collar Perfect is the redesigned clothing iron we've all been waiting for WanderLuxe: Other Crazy Travel Inventions Choose Your Cuffs: Five Menswear Companies to Explore The Best Crowdfunding Website: Collar Perfect, Goodbye Wrinkles! The Perfect Solution While we continue to find endless ways to use Collar Perfect, here are a few to get you started. Shirt Collars Between Buttons Skirt Hems Shirt Pockets Pant Front Creases Conventional Ironing The Perfect Features Rotating Power Cord - perfect to provide improved user ability in detailing and ironing scenarios Support for 110V or 220V power requirements 5 Adjustable Temperature Settings - perfect for any temperature (Poly, Silk, Wool, Cotton, Denim, and Linen) Adjustable Wings - perfect for when you need more than a touch-up with conventional ironing Small, Light-Weight, and Compact - perfect for any situation Our Journey's Evolution We initially stepped out for our Journey in February of 2013 with the need to find a simple solution for wrinkled collars. Along our journey, we couldn't find the perfect solution that was simple enough to use and that actually solved our problem. So, we decided to make our own design. Early Concept Drawing We went through multiple concept design models and settled for the one that provided the best features and capabilities. We wanted something that would be quick and easy to use, and what we arrived at was the idea for Collar Perfect, a patent pending, simple ironing device that sits within the palm of your hand and doesn't need an ironing board. Early Prototype Drawing Originally, our journey was after something to just resolve issues for shirt collars. But then we found an opportunity to do more. We added an angled design to better fit along the flow of a collar. Next we streamlined the design to fit perfectly around buttons. Then we scaled the size to fit perfectly for pockets and other small spaces. Finally, we added the ability to transition the wings 90 degrees for when life demands more than touch-ups. Conventional Ironing Position Next Steps in Our Journey We have completed multiple patent-pending steps to safeguard our functionality and design. We have completed several prototypes and are ready to enter into our pre-production phases. With your support on Kickstarter, we will be able to complete our tooling expenses, manufacturing expenses, and cover the minimum order requirements from the manufacturer. Additionally, your support will allow us to complete the packaging, logistics, and shipping requirements to get Collar Perfect into your life as soon as possible. Projected Production Plan: Design Finalization (Aug. - Sept. 2014) – We will complete the final prototype designs and improvements. Manufacturing Sourcing (Oct. – Nov. 2014) – We have selected an experienced partner to find the Perfect manufacturer that has proven experience and quality. Production & Packaging Qualification (Nov. - Dec. 2014) - Once a contract manufacturer is selected, we will need to validate the manufacturing process so that we can deliver the finished product within defined specifications and tolerances. This stage will also complete the packaging specification and perform a live shipment test to confirm packaging suitability. Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment (Dec. - Apr. 2015) - The manufacturer will produce the orders for our Kickstarter backers, complete UL rating certification, and perform quality control to ensure you receive the Perfect Collar Perfect. We will begin making shipments at the end of March through early April. Why Kickstarter and How You Can Support We are a small team with a Perfect vision. Kickstarter is amazing because it allows those who believe in what we are doing to help bring our dream to life by supporting our efforts. By backing the Collar Perfect project on Kickstarter, you enable us to put Collar Perfect in your hands first! With your help, we can make Collar Perfect a reality. We will be able to cover the costs of tooling, manufacturing, and UL certification. By supporting us today, you will receive the very first Collar Perfects from the production line at an early market discount, from the retail pricing slated for $29.95. We have worked hard to provide a range of pledge levels to appeal to everyone’s tastes and needs, so pick the level that is Perfect for you. If you like what we are doing, please show your support and share our journey. Share the Perfection with your family and friends on Facebook and Twitter. Pin our journey in Pinterest. Help us to reach our goal to bring the first Collar Perfect to you earlier in our journey and know that you had a part in making something Great. About Us We founded Collar Perfect in order to find a Perfect solution to an everyday problem. We hope that you will support our journey with a Perfect Pledge today! Brandon Dierker has worked in operational and strategic management positions for the last 10 years. During this time, he worked on several strategic initiatives, created operational strategies based on lean six sigma principles, and developed new business service lines. Creating these service lines became a start-up effort to bring in new servicing and product opportunities from contract phase to full production. Spearheading these efforts has provided an entrepreneurial spirit, knowledge, and drive. David Mastrogiovanni founded a serving organization that has become one of the fastest growing companies in 2013 according to INC Magazine. His firm completed more than 1,000,000 service calls nationwide over the last 18 years. Knowing customer service, lean principles, and cost-effective principles has driven his company to the top of its field. Industrial Design Partnership - We have been working with Enventys, a Charlotte-based invention consulting company, to design and build our initial prototypes. Enventys has a solid foundation in product development and design on through the manufacturing stage and is staffed with talented electrical, mechanical, and industrial engineers. Enventys also produces the Everyday Edisons television show on PBS, supports Edison Nation, and produces the Inventors Digest publication. Compact and Designed with Travel in Mind Good morning, We'd like to start this week off with good news. Our inventory is arriving at the warehouse this week by Wednesday (2/10). The warehouse will then receive the shipment into the system and prepare the shipments. All backer orders will then begin to ship starting Thursday - Friday (2/11-2/12). Once your order is shipped over the next few days, and automated email message will be sent to you. Please allow up to 2/19 to allow for the message to be delivered and ensure that you check any Spam folders if you have not received. To streamline any questions, please send any questions to <email> and allow up to 48 hours for response. Have a great week, Collar Perfect Customs Clearance and Time-frames The Collar Perfect inventory arrived to port on January 19th. Once offloaded, the shipment was placed into customs review. The shipment was released and began the track to our warehouse facility. The inventory is set to arrive and begin processing backer shipments 2/10 or earlier. All shipment preparations have been made and labels are printed and ready to go. Our next communications will provide confirmation of arrival to the warehouse, automated email with tracking information of your shipment, and confirmation of all order fulfillment completion. Show Us How You Best Use Collar Perfect When you receive your shipment, we’d like you to share with us how you are using your Collar Perfect. Take a picture or film a clip. Share it with us on Twitter, Facebook, or send us an email to <email>. Shipment Details and Timeframes We hope that everyone enjoyed their Christmas and New Year’s. We wanted to provide an update on the shipment and timelines from our last update on December 18th. The 3rd party inspection was completed on time and required additional rework on the packaging of the product. All of the required work was completed and left for departure on 12/24/15. Our logistics partners have fast tracked the container shipment and we expect to begin backer fulfillment to be completed between 1/25 through 2/5. Next Checkpoints and Communications Container ship arrival to final port Shipment arrival to warehouse / reward fulfillment begins Individual notification of shipment and tracking Reward shipments complete <url>– June: Tooling July: Preproduction August: Production and Shipment Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers have asked how to change their addresses. To change your address, please send the updated address to <email>. Please note, the email address must match the one submitted in the Kickstarter survey. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach us is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. Current Status and Next Steps Following our Kickstarter event during January, we completed our reward shipments. Between January and February, we implemented the product design changes due to the feedback from the Campaign ( Update #24 ). These changes included the floating heating plates on the wings and 240v support. In March we completed our logistics planning ( Update #25 ). In April we proceeded with the factory steps to secure our tooling start date. To complete this, we moved our full production to one factory to secure a quicker start date. Our tooling began in the first of May and is currently underway. Following tooling, we will have 2-4 weeks of preproduction, 2 weeks production, and shipment activities. We are continuing to work with our production and logistic partners along the way to expedite any step we can. We will continue to keep you posted of any updates along the way. Our amended timeframes are listed below. May – June: Tooling July: Preproduction August: Production and Shipment Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers have asked how to change their addresses. To change your address, please send the updated address to <email>. Please note, the email address must match the one submitted in the Kickstarter survey. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach us is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. Usage Spotlight During the Month of April, we’d like to challenge our Backers to share your creative ways you plan to use Collar Perfect. Send us an email and share your ideas, thoughts, or needs. Send your ideas to <email>. THE SHIRT CUFFS We've had Backers write in to us wanting to know the best way to Perfect shirt cuffs. Unlike traditional ironing, you do not have to use an ironing board to flatten the wrinkles. Simply, unbutton the cuffs and swipe Collar Perfect across its length. Use the detailed edge to get in close and around the buttons. Within seconds, you are done and ready to look sharp. THE WALL LOCKER INSPECTION: Any military veteran will remember the days of wall locker inspections. Every uniform item is required to be beyond perfect; each with no wrinkles, properly ordered, correctly positioned ranks and medals, and many more minute detailed requirements. In preparation, over kill is essential to pass. Having a Collar Perfect would go a long way to ensure you pass Perfectly each and every time. Logistics, Logistics, Logistics… One of the most important tasks in product development is to develop the logistics to move the product from manufacturing to the backer’s door. Every step from container shipment, trucking, warehousing, inventorying, shipment carrier, and additional supporting tasks have to be seamlessly planned out. During the month of March, our team has focused on finalizing our logistical network to secure the best option for delivering our project to our Backers. Our final steps to complete the network have now been put in place and we are complete with our logistics planning. Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach me is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. FedEx Small Business Competition FedEx Small Business division has released a competition for small businesses. Come show your support for Collar Perfect . Vote up to once daily. Help Collar Perfect get closer to winning up to $25,000 by voting for them in the FedEx Small Business Grant Contest. Design Changes and Updates We have been actively working throughout January and February. Our engineers have been hard at work and actively engaged with the final processes with the factory. As part of this process, there is always a chance that device configurations, designs, and other elements have to be changed to better suite production requirements. This may sound like negative changes, but really is an opportunity to make the final designs more solid as well as to add additional enhancements. For Collar Perfect, the overall changes have been positive. The following images came from the final Beta prototype. This prototype was made with 3D printing. The shipped units for this campaign are made through professionally tooled parts from the manufacturer. The major improvements are: Increased insulation to increase heat plate heating time as well as user comfort. Upgraded heating element to rapidly heat up to user selected material’s ironing temperature. Floating sled design for heating elements to adjust for full contact to the ironing materials. Upgraded heating element surface coating to improve longevity of the heating element. Production Timeline As with any factory produced items, changes occur during the evaluation and solidification stages of manufacturing sourcing. These changes can be minor or complex depending on the changes need to support high quality production requirements. During our final manufacturing developments, the design changes have required some time to finalize and work out between parties. These changes were necessary in order to deliver a high quality product and to facilitate the manufacturing needs. As we progressed through the conversation, Chinese New Year’s occurred during the final step. Chinese New Year requires a three week pause while the factory closes for the holiday. Based on the required design and holiday delay, this will impact our anticipated shipment timeline. We are now anticipating the following timeline: Manufacturing Preparation . February. Tooling, Production &amp; Packaging Qualification . March – April Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment . May - June Our Website Update We have been updating our website and backend systems. We have done a soft launch our new site. Our first release contains mostly backend work that supports direct ordering, support, communication, and additional related items. Additionally we are updating our experience to include a responsive checkout and technical support elements. A second release will contain updated images, videos, FAQ, and additional features to the front end. The videos and images are currently in in production and should be available soon. We will continue to use the Kickstarter platform for updates to our Backers about these exciting changes. Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach me is to send a Kickstarter direct message or email direct at <email>. It’s Time for a Quick Update!!! We have been actively working throughout January. Our engineers have been hard at work and actively engaged with the final processes with the factory. We are nearing completion with our sourcing process and will have updated pictures available mid-February of the final beta that was produced for the factory sourcing. During this final stage, there may be some changes to support the fabrication and material sourcing processes. We will ensure that all changes do not change the quality of our product and will also communicate them directly with our backers. The final beta was a 3d printed model and produced by the engineering team. Many of you saw the creation of the Alpha working prototype used in the Kickstarter campaign. If you have not already, take a look at the December article in Inventors Digest that shares details on our prototyping journey. Address Changes? A lot of people have asking about changing addresses. Kickstarter now allows you to update your address up until 48hr till the final shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. Our Website Update We have been updating our website and backend systems. Beginning 2/14/15, we will launch our new site. Our first release will contain mostly backend work that supports direct ordering, support, communication, and additional related items. A second release is scheduled for 3/1/15 and will contain updated images and additional features to the front end. We will continue to use the Kickstarter platform for updates to our Backers. Save the Inventor Visit Save the Inventor on Facebook and get the Collar Perfect Interview exclusive. Our interview will be posted later this month, until that time check out other fellow inventor interviews. <url>’ve collected most of our surveys, we’ve had the chance to observe interesting data and statistics that we’d like to share. The top 10 backer countries are: We are will be making over 1,600 units to fulfill our Backers in 43 different countries. None of this could have been possible without all of you. We thank you for your interest and support of our project. Communication Once again, please don’t be shy. We like hearing from you! If you have any questions or comments, the best way to reach me is to send a Kickstarter message or email direct at <email>. Friend Network - Matt Ward Some of you might know that we really like to collaborate and help other creative project creators. Matt Ward interviewed us early on in our campaign and has used his experiences to form a solid training platform for Kickstarter. Hey guys, my name's Matt Ward and I love crowd funding! I started Art of the Kickstart, a podcast, blog and crowd funding company around 8 months ago to help Kickstarters and entrepreneurs make it happen. Since then I've interviewed over 100 incredible campaigners (including our man Brandon), case studied dozens of successful campaigns, and consulted for a ton of clients to help them fund their business. I decided to create The $16 MILLION Crowdfund Academy, a step-by-step video guide, walking entrepreneurs through exactly how crush their Kickstarter campaigns because I simply couldn't handle ALL the consulting clients and yet still wanted to help... So yeah, the strategies and hacks covered in the 38 detailed videos are designed to bring the most robust, actionable and proven strategies for crowd funding success straight to you. Basically a proven template and timeline to keep your campaign preparation on schedule and force you to hit deadlines and deliver on the all-important activities which help you make more money. The high octane course begins 3 months prior to launching your Kickstarter and covers ANY and EVERYTHING you need to do before you hit that launch button. From marketing and social media, lists, salesy copywriting and crushing the video...we cover it all. Check it out today if you're serious about starting something and want crowd funding to be your catapult to startup success. 101 campaigns and over $16 million in funding later, this is your shortcut to startup crowd funding success. Here's the link again: <url>“If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. Save the Inventor Don’t forget to keep a close watch this month Save the Inventor. Save the Inventor is "a coalition of inventors, patent owners and stakeholders from a broad range of industries that believe the patent system is worth protecting." The interview will be posted later this month and will include several other inventors around the US. As soon as it is available, we will let you know. Status Update The Perfect Team is nearing the final stages with our manufacturer. These steps include final CAD updates, manufacturing change reviews, and final contracting. As we move closer to getting these steps complete by the end of this month, we'll have some updated images to share. Next Update We are planning to post our next project update by 1/31. Thanks, The Perfect Team Greetings, The Perfect Team has started shipping the Polo Shirts included in some of the reward tiers. We have ordered the T-Shirts, but do not expect them to arrive at our facility until January 6th due to the holiday delays. We will get these out to the backers who selected the applicable tiers as soon as possible. Last week our CEO had a great interview with Save the Inventor . Save the Inventor is "a coalition of inventors, patent owners and stakeholders from a broad range of industries that believe the patent system is worth protecting." The interview will be posted in January and will include several other inventors around the US. As soon as it is available, we will let you know. Take a look at their campaign and show some support for the cause. <url>#section1 Thanks, The Perfect Team I would like to thank all of our backers. With your strong backing, we are able to bring our product concepts into the world and into your hands. As of this morning, we have passed our funding goal and have less than 46 hours remaining. Keep up the incredible support and share with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. Share this link with them: <url>…especially learning how to do a lot with a little. Marines are never well supplied nor have the latest and greatest gear. However, we still had to overcome our obstacles. It helps you to be more flexible, creative, and open minded while having the confidence to overcome the hurdles along the way. How did you get your inspiration to take the idea to an actual product? I’ve written down items for the last several years that come to me. Sometimes it was an improvement to something and sometimes it is its own idea. I’ve never really done anything with the list in the past, but one day my wife just said “why don’t you just try one out”. Within the week, I met with an development firm and was accepted as a client. The project just grew from there. The Perfect Team would like to thank those who submitted questions for the XM Radio interview this week. For those Perfect Backers who didn't catch the show, we're going to post updates containing the most popular questions we received. How did you come up with the Idea to invent Collar Perfect? Originally, I worked in an office environment where Polo type shirts were the norm . I discovered a problem with Polo shirts....after about 20 washes, the average polo’s collar wouldn't stay flat . There was no perfect solution and would require ironing. It’s a pain to iron them with an ironing board and regular iron. I never had enough time in the morning and didn't want to the night before either. Then when you do iron, you have to fold and iron the whole collar flat, turn it to make the center crease, and move it around to get the edges flat. It’s just a hassle. I knew there had to be something better out there. I didn't want to throw away a good shirt or just let it hang forever in the closet. I looked around and couldn't find anything that really solved the problem. That’s when I began the initial sketch of what would later become Collar Perfect. Greetings from the Perfect Team, We wanted to say thanks to our backers for continuing to make this a strong campaign. We are near the 70% mark in our campaign. Come and like our Facebook page, share our campaign on with your friends and family, and grow our Perfect supporters. Stay tuned for new feature update under review by request from our supporters. These are currently in testing and validation and will be shared in a Perfect News flash in the next couple of days. Have a Perfect day, The Perfect Team We here at Collar Perfect wanted to reach out to all of our supporters and thank you for your support. As of today, we are approaching the 30% funding mark in our campaign and couldn't have done it without you. As we approach the 500th backer, we are going to launch a new update segment. Beginning later this week, we will spotlight our journey from idea to Kickstarter. Backers will get an early preview. So make sure to share our project with your Perfect friends and everyone you know. Make sure to follow our Facebook site for more updates. <url>#27. We will have a post Monday or Tuesday about the samples. Stay tuned to the updates and comments section over the next month or so and we'll keep you up to date. We'll post a reminder comment to check the latest update posting. Thanks all and have a Great July 4th Weekend. Brandon @Karl Lee Soule . Thanks for the support Karl. We should have some posts in the next 5-7 days with the status of tooling and 1st pass factory samples. @Mitchell. Our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. The T1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up in thee beginning of July. Once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. We'll share some images of the samples as well. @Mitchell. Our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. We have not had any hold ups or concerns in the process so far with our factory. The T1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up. Once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. We'll share some images of the samples as well. @all. Update coming tomorrow. Stay tuned. @ JP LH and Dleec19. We are thankful for your continued support. Our factory is in the process of tooling. Once they are complete, the dates of production completion and container shipment fall into line. We will have more firm dates on our upcoming 5/18 Update communication. @ Yasser Haddawi. Please send your updated information to <email> @All. Kickstarter sent out an auto generated message today as we changed our address update setting. Per our update on April 21st, we have requested our backers provide their address updates directly to us. The change in the process is to ensure that your updates are received. Address changes in your profile do not automatically update your backed campaigns. To avoid any issues and to prepare our distribution system, we have made the change in to the address update process. Address Changes: Process Change We will continue to accept updates to addresses up through the end of April via the Kickstarter system. Beginning May 1st, all address changes will need to be sent to <email>. We will confirm each email receipt we receive. We will also advise a minimum of 3 weeks prior to when all shipping for all addresses changes to be submitted. Following this notice, we will lock in the addresses in order meet delivery requirements. Please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. @all. Our update is scheduled to post around noon tomorrow. @Backers. Next update is scheduled for 4/20. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. @JP. The information below can be further seen in the following update. <url>’s occurred during the final step. Chinese New Year requires a three week pause while the factory closes for the holiday. Based on the required design and holiday delay, this will impact our anticipated shipment timeline. We are now anticipating the following timeline: • Manufacturing Preparation. February. • Tooling, Production & Packaging Qualification. March – April • Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment. May - June Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. @LH Thank you for your patience. Our update will be posted in the morning and is in final edit. @Backer. New updates will be published by the 18th. Stay tuned for our update tomorrow...New pictures, design, and production schedule updates coming your way... Come show some love this Valentine's Day weekend.....we have some exciting news coming in our update this weekend. @LH, our post was delayed due to getting access to an image. It is now posted: <url>"we'll send it back when you pay for shipping again". I emailed Kickstarter support to no effect. Bottom line: reward still not received and never going to be received. Creator is non responsive to any of my emails. SCAM! Hello, I am still waiting my collar perfect. Please contact me, thanks. I found a great convenient n quick way of ironing Everlast Boxing Hand Wraps using Collar Perfect after each wash. Hi... I am yet to receive my product... is there anyone else who is still waiting for theirs? Collar Perfect Team, please update me on what the situation of my shipment is please. @Brandon and everybody else wondering. I can confirm that all 3 units worked perfectly fine at 220V. I had to use an adapter but it's not an overly powerful iron and doesn't draw that much so any good quality adapter should be fine. I plugged it in and it worked like it did on my 110V line. I received my collar perfect... but i can't use it in the Netherlands... because it has the wrong voltage and plug.. :S :S That was quick! All three units arrived in perfect conditions in Brazil. I'm a little worried though - the manual says 110/220 but on the iron itself it's written 100-120. I travel to places that are 110, some that are 220 and here at home it's 220. Now I don't know which one to trust - the manual or the iron. I got one with the US power cord which is fine because it's easier to plug it into my outlets, does this mean that they're strictly 110V? I received all 3 units in great retail packaging. Hasn't test it yet. But looks totally awesome. Got mine in Canada. Looks and feels good. Worked great on my test shirt. Look forward to more testing! Received mine in Canada.... V nice design and works quite well.. Good instructions sheet... Has various heatt/material settings.... Takes some practice to use it as a clamp in the air without a flat surface... but great to have the option to switch to traditional iron Great compact size and absolutely perfect size for travel without bulk at all... Wonderful work and great price for this gadget.. Got my product and it seems to work well, but it will take a bit of time to use it more efficiently. Thanks. Received today in Australia. Looking forward to using this on my trip to Japan :) One question though. Australia has 220-240v mains and the Collar Perfect rates at 110-220v. Will the unit work without damaging it...? Received today in Spain. Bravo!! I will put an adapter plug and "et voilà". Tonight will test. Thaks. Same as Keith below, mine arrived today with US power adaptor despite being a UK customer... Hi, I received mine today, I ordered 3 units, all have arrived with non removable US power adaptors, I am an international customer, why did these not have the UK plug on them? just got mine today and love it so small and heats up very fast. so amazing been waiting to this since i saw it on kickstarter. Great work! :) Why is my item in Puerto Rico presently when it shipped form Michigan????? @Brandon I haven't received any emails containing a tracking number. Could you please manually email one to me? Looking forward to recieving the final product! Thanks, Trevor Product appears to work as intended. This is great news. Only two things that concern me is the mention of lead in the instructions along with the cancer warning (for the wire coating? but this may be normal in all products?) and the chemical smell while heating up. Hoping the smell is just from being used for the first time and that it goes away after repeated uses. Got mine yesterday (Feb 18). I live in Philadelphia. Haven't tested it out yet though. I received mine today! Going to test it tonight... Got my shipping notice today! They should have shipped 4 - 5 days ago. Anybody get theirs yet? I'm assuming they didn't ship yet, or there would have been an update. Thanks for the update! Can we update our addresses somewhere? Anyone else seeing Jan 5 as the most recent update? when the shipment would begin? I actually will be leaving to study overseas really soon, so I'd be really happy to give the product a test run and recommend it to others. Can we just simply get a HARD DATE of when you are shipping!! Please! Would be a good time for an update, given that 3rd party QC was supposed to either start or finish today. Was manufacture completed according to the schedule in Update 33? Any way to change my shipping address? As you have pushed back the shipping date yet again, I will no longer be at the same address as I submitted. Can we get a update please. This is becoming very frustrating with the lack of information you are given us. Glad we funded a vacation break earlier this month. No question there have been legitimate obstacles, but the lack of communication has been pretty bad. I don't get it, are we supposed to wait now for 2 months more before we get another update? Agree with the recent comments. In comparison to even the most delayed Kickstarters, this one is missing at least the communication factor. It takes 30 days to deliver overseas!? That is laughable. I have this shipped overseas often for my company and even with FIRST time customs delays (that moves significantly faster the 2nd time and forward) it is never close to 30 days. Eh, kids today. Don't understand the logistics of making new things with new partners. Nomiku 1 was basically a year late. Nomiku 2 was supposed to deliver a month before Collar Perfect, and still not here. Kickstarter is an exercise in managed expectations. Take every delivery date, and increase it by a factor based on the complexity. Pocket Squares... one month late. Third round of underwear, probably on time. Anything more complicated than cutting cloth... expect 3 months to 12. Indy game design... still waiting for Thunderbeam for iPad (I think there have been 4-5 generations of iPad since that one closed). This user's account has been deleted. @creator finally added an update of status report, with suggested timeframe for shipping the product to backers. So if doing simple calculation we are looking at an ETA of the product to backers of another 60-90 days. That puts the project at nearly a year. Should have the title changed to "Collar Perfect: the insanely delayed iron". We'll probably see another unexpected delay in 2 months for something else, and if not it would be nothing short than a miracle. Even if I get this product, there's no way I'll ever back antoher one of this guy's projects again. The delays on this are ridiculous! When will I give up even checking on this product? I think maybe today. It is terrible even by kickstarter standards. Lets all just assume we have been scammed and leave Mr. Dierker alone with our hard earned money in his pockets and be pleasantly surprised if he ever delivers. I was going to keep further inquiries into why my shipment has been interminable delayed, but realized I'm just one of 1277 awaiting the same thing. Guys, calm down. He said they are on vacation until today. That means he won't hear from them until tomorrow, and that's assuming they looked at it during their holidays. At this point what is a few weeks here or there. There have been obvious hurdles but at least they are tackling them. I do agree they haven't been the best with timely communication, but I can tell you for certain they are far from the worst (look at arist for an example of horrible communication). You will get your iron in due time. It was the Chinese holiday, so let's not beat them for things out of their control! October 8 came and went and still no update or comment from the @creator. Why am I not surprised?... Wonder if this will deliver for the holidays. Been almost a year. I, for one, like the new color scheme. Looks a lot less like a toy. Can't wait to get mine! I don't get it, you said updates due in tomorrow that means Saturday, so now it's until next week?? While I do see holidays as obvious delay factor, you did mention the company confirmed updates by Saturday... @creator, where's the promised engineers update and last update and shipping dates?.. No, they've stopped publishing dates, I imagine after missing the first estimated dates. I ordered this last year is it would make an excellent travel companion. It's now been almost 1 year. Is there an estimated backer delivery date?? Something is amiss.. The link you published to the shipment tracking shows est. delivery by Sept. 22 and that it's still in transit... So how is it you already got it? Also, last update shows design pictures not actual product. Please release actual photos we would like to see actual product.. This is getting to be 6 months delay and frankly does not look well. I know projects may have delays but either the factory producing the products is of amateur company or the product itself is to blame. In any event none of this contributes much to the reliability of the entire matter, as all we have till now are some updates and updates of no real data. It begins to feel like a public service office.. ;-) What I fail to understand is that at the beginning of the project, in the video, you already seem to have a working unit, so why the constant issues with design all the sudden? Even if all this is legit, it seems like bad project management. Guys, this should have been already out. Backers should not be forced to wait 6-8 months more than promised shipping time. I seriously beginning of thinking to request a refund ASAP. Its kind of crazy how wrinkled my clothes have gotten. This project estimate a spring debut for shipping models and now we are are 6 months back dated. whats next ? Is Belinda's maiden name possibly Dierker? Seems like people are getting a little "hot under the collar" about how long it's taking. I agree it's a long haul. I wasn't paying attention to the estimated delivery date and actually bought two for my husband for last Christmas (guess my brain's a little wrinkled). I bought two other items at the same time and received delivery of one last November and the other in March. So this does seem like a long haul. However, just wanted to say your iron seems like a really great design and I'm sure it will be well worth the wait. I'm grateful to be part of this whole concept of supporting and benefiting from innovative people like Brandon who put their livelihood and reputations on the line to bring something new and unique to the marketplace. Thanks Brandon! @Creator. So after the 5 unit run (which has finished now?), you will go into full production, right? What is the new estimated shipping date? What's the latest? Shipping was supposed to begin by now according to the adjusted timeline. Any news yet? Has been nearly 2 weeks since last update... @ Jon and @ Ryan, this is a Kickstarter campaign and by the very nature of that there will be delays and setbacks. I agree that this project has continued on quite a while but what good does it do to throw your hands in the air and wail? Over a thousand of us believed in this project and Brandon to begin with or we would not have backed it. Let's hope we see results fairly soon and perhaps Brandon will be able to manage our expectations with delivery-time information. I do believe that would be the respectful and considerate thing to do here. If he doesn't know, it would be far better for him to say that than remain silent. Just sayin'. What say ye, Brandon? I get a strong sense of being swindled. I, for one, do not think I will be backing anymore Kickstarter projects. This seems to be a common occurrence... shipping in March, no June, no December... IF AT ALL! All these complaints and all we get is a picture of a dirty prototype that looks worse than the one we saw the day the project was launched? I am beyond frustrated. I give up on this product. Any update on when we can expect to receive the product? You post lots of updates but do not answer people's questions.... As a backer I would like to know WHY there have been delays and WHEN we can expect the product... Most people don't care about your process or tooling, every update should have some content that gives people an idea of expected delivery... This is getting frustrating @Creator - I also 2nd to what Cullen and rest earlier said. I'm also starting to doubt it myself.. No pictures were/are posted of the samples, and from July 7 till now no real update on the status. We should have better detailed update for the project, more business-wise given that the project's already in months of delay... How about a realistic update as to when products will start shipping? Anyone else starting to seriously doubt we will ever get this? So,When will start shipping? Can i get by August first week? Thanks Brandon - Thank you for staying active in the comments! Little updates like this go a long way. Looking forward to some pictures of the newest samples! Tooling still going well? Any new updates How about "sorry, we're late?" your updates sounds like we should be thankful for backing up your project. 5/18 has passed, 5/19 is halfway through Yes, let's get a shipment update asap please. shipping soon? I hope.. Hello is there estimated date when shipping will start? And can you please post a schedule of the shipping? Does the shipping email mean that you are able to ship this out before June? Thanks, I'm excited to get mine! Can someone help me change my phone number? Can we get a shipping update? Is it possible to change shipping address? Update today? Update? Update please? Hello, It's been a couple weeks and I haven't seen any updates. Can we get a status on where everything is? Would love to know! Congrats Brandon to you and all of the Collar Perfect crew! I wish you much success! Congratulations, I am sure you have a winner. I look forward to your future success. Congratulations! Very exciting! I disagree with the color comments below. I believe the color scheme is great with mostly B&W with a touch of blue markets to female and male customers of all ages. Also it works great with the logo. Don't rush it, take your time evaluating your prototypes. I just want your most satisfied final design. Congratulations! You made it! and We made it too ... AWESOME! congrats... Very close indeed! Getting close now :) Just curious if the reviews you link to, like the one in your most recent update, have actually had an opportunity to use the product or not. Thanks for the clarification Hi Brandon, Can you address the issue with the charging extra shipping fee which was stated as inclusive in the FAQ for KS backers. Prob KS green and white or black would be better This user's account has been deleted. I disagree with the below comments. I think the design and colors look very nice although I personally like green :) I honestly don't know what to do that would help boost the numbers. Maybe the last few days will be good I think @Grid Lau is right...many of my friends i've send the link won't pledge because it looks just one more cheap gadget and that's probably one of the reasons this campaign seems to be stucked...aesthetics is very important in this kind of portable stuff Hi. This product seems useful when I go travel. I back it immediately. To me, the colour of collar seems old fashion. I do not mean to offend you. But would you redesign it's colour into single tone colour like black or white? Product becomes more fancy encourage more supporter. Thx That's great!! Can I use an universal power plug to convert it to 3 pin plug to use in Asian countries ? Reference to @Leewelo reference. And what about removable cable from collar to store easier? 1 part collar 2 part cable. Reference to @Niels cuestion. It's possible to include in the Collar package a simple universal plug converter? will the cable be removable so that we can change the plug without cutting it? What will the plug look like? Will it be 220v with an American plug, or are you gonna adjust it for the international backers. I am sitting here folding laundry for my family and I'm really wanting this little iron for little kid clothes that I refuse to iron the traditional way. My fingers are crossed that this will be funded. All the 'perfect' stuff is getting a bit annoying. Hum ... on the video link today ... care to translate from German? @Ahmed, Creator and their Perfect Engineering team are busy to reviewing and testing the power standards and A/C plug for worldwide user (I guess) Please check below on Sept 17,22,25,29 <url>"unfortunately" patented, it would cause a tons of trouble and would even affect production. I've personally encountered a project due to patent issue with other companies was forced to abandon the project after funding. So copyright issue is no joke in kickstarter and most backers mind. Hope you could clear some doubts and I'll be more than willing to pledge more Collar Prefect for my family and friends. In case you missed it, here's Shabaz comment: @Howard, That is my question asked before. Creator said the prototypes were developed for 110V Line Input for USA markets, i think it will not including Universal plug for his planning. Their Perfect Engineering team need more time to reviewing the voltage and A/C plug for International backer. I have backed the project - for now, with the prospect that a UK adapter may be offered. I like the concept of this product. But I'll be honest - if a UK adapter option (with 220-240v) is not offered in the end, I will have to cancel my pledge. I hope more adapters will be offered to cater for the needs of international backers. This user's account has been deleted. @Creator, The device using US A/C power plug or Universal plug? Great product. Thanks for doing this. @Creator. It seems with 110V, Collar Perfect can be used in certain countries and can't be used in Asia. Any plan to support this countries. Also, what kind of fabric can be used with Collar Perfect? @Brandon (creator), you said you are the founder and inventor of this great innovation/product? Not sure but since I already saw an identical one before, and its hardly 14 USD on amazon.co.jp I thought to share this with fellow backers. Search for KOIZUMI T-iron on amazon.co.jp Quick image: <url>