Hey, welcome to my Kickstarter! Bring a beverage of your choice and join the circle around the campfire while I sing to you about love and the Old Ones and the mysteries of the Earth. Actually, before I can sing you these songs, I need your help. Getting new music out into the world is expensive, especially for an independent artist who doesn’t have a record label to pay the production costs. But one of the best things about being an indie artist is that instead of a record label, I have you, the fans—YOU are my record label! I’m making this music for you, and so it’s only fitting that you have the opportunity to be part of the process. As many of you know, I’ve been a singer-songwriter since I was a skinny teenager. Most of the songs I wrote back then were just what you’d expect from an angsty young guy who listened to a lot of that classic seventies folk-rock sound. But the more I wrote, the better I got at it, and by the time I was in my early twenties, I was creating songs that were good enough that I continue to play some of them today. (In fact, you’ll get to hear one of those songs on the new CD.) Fast forward about ten years, and there I was singing, guitaring, and banging the bodhran as a member of Emerald Rose. The guys and I are still together, playing our special brand of Celtic-American folk rock, but not all the songs I write are Emerald Rose songs. By 2008 I had enough of these songs that the time had clearly come to record a solo CD, and the result was Poetry of Wonder. Now my store of solo songs has reached critical mass again, the fire is in my head, and the time for new music has arrived! So let’s talk about this new CD, which I’m already at work recording in the Kitchen Studio. It’s called Dance in the Fire, and you can expect a lot of energy and beats that are going to want to make you move. You’ll also hear soulful love songs, chants that honor the seasons and our connections to Spirit, rousing rock anthems that you won’t be able to stop singing along with (so my Lovely Wife tells me), and more. But to get all of this out into the world, I need your help. I am fortunate to have a home recording studio (although it’s occasionally invaded by cats and a writer looking for coffee), so studio time is one expense I don’t have to worry about. However, after I finish the recording process, I need to have the tracks professionally mastered, and after that comes the production of the actual CDs themselves, together with basic promotion costs. (And I’ve got to make all this swag you’re going to get!) If I had to fund the mastering and production on my own, you’d probably have to wait a couple more years for Dance in the Fire. With your help, though, I can bring these songs to your favorite music-delivery device this very summer. So contribute what you can, and then join me at the campfire—and dance! Well, here are the PUSH GOALS. I thought about making the CD packaging bigger and better, but I think that is the attitude of my generation. Many of you will rip the music to digital, and never look at the package again. So If we reach 2750, I will upgrade the t-shirts to a thicker weight, and anyone who pledges forty bucks or more will get one. If we reach 3500, I will be able to produce my next solo collection, tentatively called, Words of Mystery, and anyone who pledged forty or more will also get a copy of these bardic tales when it becomes available in the fall. So spread the word and lets bump this up. To be clear, if we hit 3500, everyone who has pledged forty dollars or more will get Dance in the Fire, a t-shirt, a tattoo, Words of Mystery and I will throw in a copy of Poetry of Wonder for good measure. Thanks!!!!! There are lots of prizes for you participation Temporary tattoos! Phlogiston Sticker My first solo Cd. Bodhran Lessons and personal songs written just for you. A concert or Bardic workshop in your living or back yard If we meet our goal, and I know you wont let me down. I have several push goals that I will use the extra resources for. First, if there is enough, I will add an insert to the CD with lyrics and thank yous for your hard work. Stay tuned as we get closer to the goal, and I will reveal more of those extra plans. Let's roll! The last of Tome of Mystery were taken by the helpful hands of postal workers yesterday. I think the latest delivery date I saw was the 11th. You are spread out all over everywhere. I am working on the premium backer levels, and will be contacting you about recording. Thank you for your support and patience. I have the CDs in my house and I am now waiting for mailers to arrive so that I can zip them in the mail. I emailed download codes this afternoon. I mailed out all of the Dance in the Fire CDs and T shirts last July. It seems some of you never got them and I have re-mailed to many of you. There are still a few of you for whom I have neither an email nor snail mail address. When the kickstarter closed, they sent you a survey to get your address and t shirt sizes. Some of you never filled it out and so I remain ignorant. Please help me out. I hope I still have a t shirt in you size. Well, there is anger and disappointment here, and rightly so. I am very late in getting the bardic Cd recorded, but it is at the production house now. If you watched my video or read my album notes, then you know that the CD was dedicated to my Mother who died shortly before I started recording. What no one in my family knew at the time was how much energy, both physical and emotion, would be needed to take care of my Dad. I frankly felt overwhelmed most of the time. His living arrangements changed in February and I finally felt like I was able to come up for air. The Second CD, Tome of Mystery is now at he factory in production. I should have it in my hands in early June. I will start sending it out ASAP. I re-sent download codes to those folks due them. I have found a way to get Poetry of Wonder up on the web so that I can get codes for that as well , and I will be sending out codes for it, and Tome of Mystery when it comes to bare. For those of you have still not received a physical package and are due one. I have mailed and mailed and mailed. I even re-mailed to two folks for whom I had delivery confirmation. I think you will really enjoy the new CD. It has almost 75 minutes of song and story and I have really put myself into it for you. If you still think that you need a better resolution, then email me and I will do what I can to set things right. If you feel that you cannot find resolution here, then I will refund any unrewarded pledges via paypal. Thank you for your initial hope and support, and I hope that I can re-earn your trust. Walk in peace. All of you who end up getting a second download code, they are yours to give away as you see fit. How many of you will be at PSG? I can bring your shirts wit me and you will get them that much sooner? I just placed the order for T-shirts!!!! WEEEEEEEE! I think that I will get this information from the survey I send out , but just in case, I am asking everyone who backed at 40 bucks or more to send me you T-shirt size . What a ride it has been and still continues to be. Today is the last day, it ends at 8, of my Kickstarter, and I think the last day (unless I get possessed by some great, and at the moment hidden need) of recording. There is still a whole bunch of producing work left to do- eq, timbre, minute here and there volume changes, and calls on what to bring up, and what to chunk in the ash can. I may yet throw away concepts and simplify. We shall see. Thanks to all of you for putting up with my constant posting about Dance in the Fire. It has, by needs, filled my every waking moment that I am not actively doing something else. It will continue to do so until I ship the final recordings. I want to thank everyone who has backed me on Kickstarter and everyone who has spread the word about it. Some of the ponds that people threw stones in went unnoticed by me for a while because I have had my head down pulling the plow. I haven't been this excited by a project in a long time. I just laid down the basic tracks for the 12th and final cut, The Water is Rising! A great day in the Kitchen Studio. I did punch ins all around, and tightened up rhythms. I am starting to work toward final mixes on some of the cuts now that I have decent monitor speakers. I am very fried but happy. My new studio monitor speakers arrived today so that I can get you the best mix of music possible. Thanks for your support. I am getting excited Oh wow! You took me to my stretch/push goals. That means we all win!! You have no idea how hard it is to run sound while wearing zills. The artist who created this awesome glyph is named Gordon Napier. His sites can be found here. <url>"respectful and considerate" way to announce that I think we've all been fleeced. Greeting Arthur. I know you have had aan hectic year, but I still have not recieved my CDs. Any word on when they might go out? This user's account has been deleted. Hi Arthur I have to agree with filkferengi - even a update comment would help. So? Hi, Arthur, It's past Solstice, and still no cds, no updates, no downloads, or replies to comments. What gives? Hi, Arthur, Is there any word on delivery dates for cds and other things? Thanks! Hey, Arthur -- when can I expect a download link? The CD is available on CD Baby and I, as a backer, haven't received anything! This is not what I expected when I backed the project! Hey Arthur! I was just wondering, when I can expect to receive my CD? The email I got when the project funded said expected delivery date was July, but I know how sometimes these things can be delayed. They didn't take enough money I'm sad I'll miss the other CDs where can I get them Great work Would you consider a digital only pledge level? I'd like all three CDs as a download, and I see that Poetry of Wonder is available as a digital download. I don't need more physical things in my life :-) BTW came here from our post on LJ's filk group. Holy crap! You made and PASSED your goal and I missed it! Congratulations Arthur! Hey Arthur, it's Aaron and Cindy from work! We love you!!! If it's not already part of the plan, I'd love to see lyrics in the liner(s)! So happy to be a part of this for you! Huzzah! I'm excited for you Arthur!