Pictures of limited edition Kickstarter Edition below! Once the project has ended, you will get a questionnaire through Kickstarter to give your color choices and shipping address. Red is now in production and available in all reward levels! Hi! I'm Eric, owner and maker at Corter Leather. Corter is a one-man company- I make every single piece by hand with no machines in my apartment studio. This Kickstarter campaign is to help fund the production of my first non-leather item that I designed called the Bottlehook. It's the first piece I'm not 100% making with my own two hands. The Bottlehook is very simple; it's a beautiful key hook for your belt loop that also opens bottles, and includes a natural hand-stamped leather tab for your info in case it's left somewhere. It comes in a hand stamped gift box, and solves a whole slew of problems: -It's made in the USA. The hooks and split rings come from California, the solid copper O rings are each hand made in Montana, and the leather tabs come from my Boston shop. Then I assemble every one by hand. -It's cast out of steel for strength, then plated for looks. Because of this it's also very light, measuring 3" tall, 1.5" at it's widest point, and a little less than 1/4" thick. No more replacing those chewed up aluminum bottle openers every 6 months. -There's a spot for your info, because once in a while we all open a few too many and forget to put our keys back on our belt loop. The natural veg tanned leather ages beautifully to a dark carmel color because it's not dyed or oiled. -There are no moving parts to break, which means you won't be locked out of the house like that time the spring on your carabiner broke and you lost all your keys. -It's a damn good bottle opener. I've had many bottle openers on my keychain, and they all lack something (looking at you, anodized-shark-jaw-opener). This is a full sized bottle opener with a handle big enough to get plenty of leverage. You don't need to fumble to find it on your ring either- just slide it off your belt loop or out of your pocket, pop your favorite drink, and slide it right back on. -It looks awesome.I wanted to design something that stood the test of time, so I turned to advertising key rings from the early 1900's for inspiration. The plating and natural leather will patina over time, making it an heirloom quality piece. -It stays on great, as it's locked onto your belt loop by the bottle opener. I've worn an old belt loop key hook for over 6 years riding my bike around the city and never lost it. When I wore carabiners, I lost 2 in about a years time. For this Kickstarter campaign, I've sourced some very rare green Shell Cordovan from Horween to provide a special limited reward. Shell Cordovan is known as one of the nicest leathers in the world, and it takes over 6 months to produce each 4 sq. ft. hide at Horween's factory in Chicago. You can use a wood burner or soldering iron to brand your info, or just admire the tab...Shell Cordovan is beautiful. Hey Everyone! I wanted to share my newest project with you. It's called The Albatross Brand, and I've come back on Kickstarter to launch it since my Bottlehook experience was so amazing! The Albatross Brand is a line of high quality, machine sewn leather goods at a really amazing price. I wanted to create a good budget friendly line without cutting corners for those that might not want to shell out money for a hand sewn wallet. You can check it out here: <url>® Kickstarter campaign ended about one year ago. It's hard to believe it's only been a year, because so much has happened in the last 12 months. I wanted to do one last update because, well, a lot of this is only happening because of the Bottlehook Kickstarter and I want to share it with all of you! So here's what's up. First and foremost, the new Corter Leather &amp; Cloth website launched at www.CorterLeather.com . I spent 4 months redesigning every leather, metal, and cloth piece I make, and it's amazing to be able to see my vision for Corter finally realized. I've made the decision to stay a one-man company, so while it's been a lot of work it's also been the most creative and fulfilling time of my life. Next, the numbers. As of June 1st, just over 9,000 Bottlehooks have been sold worldwide! More than anything, I'm so incredibly happy to have made a product that people need and love to use every day. To celebrate the one year anniversary of the Bottlehook Kickstarter campaign I released the second metal offering of the Bottlehook in solid brass: Since the Kickstarter campaign I've been able to expand my product line, designing and producing pieces that I would have never been able to make without your funding. There's the Ring &amp; Hook bracelet The Copper Cuff and the Luggage Tag (featuring the Signature Split Ring that was the result of the extra funding!) As well as a whole bunch of leather goods and funky Bottlehook colors. I also made a bracelet to support Miss Corter and her fight against Crohn's, which was one of the hurdles in getting the rewards out last year as we spent a lot of June and July in the hospital. So far she's raised over $4,000 and completed a half marathon for the CCFA! Not bad for a girl that lost 25% of her body weight and couldn't absorb any nutrients just 9 months ago. Ultimately, this campaign resulted in much more than just a nice bottle opener. It allowed me to create the brand I had always wanted to create, and I think that is the true essence of Kickstarter and it's community. I'm forever thankful for your support, and proud to be a Kickstarter alum. Now onto a little bit of (majorly exciting) news. Corter Leather &amp; Cloth will be moving to a workshop and retail space on Cape Cod in September! You'll be able to come out and make things with me, browse the whole collection, and I'll be expanding the product line even further. Miss Corter and I move up to the new house in August, and the shop will probably open to the public early next year (2014). We'll be located on the historic Main Street in Brewster, a town named for my great (x 17) grandfather who came over on the Mayflower, and surrounded by the New England culture that has inspired my aesthetic for all 26 years of my life. I've also been building a workshop-on-wheels into a great VW van that will take me around the country during the off season, because it's been a blast traveling to different markets and meeting some of you! So I think that's about it, the end of this chapter. I've got a new Kickstarter campaign coming later this summer that will be a little different than any other wallet/every-day-carry campaign so far, so keep watch for that. If I could personally thank every one of you individually I would do so in a heartbeat. By funding the Bottlehook, you've started me on a journey I couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams. Thank you. (Oh, the great folks at Fab.com have decided to feature Corter Leather from tomorrow, June 26th, to Friday, June 28th. Head on over to get almost all current Corter products and some previously sold-out Version 2 Bottlehook color ways at a bit of a discount!) I hope everyone's enjoying their bottlehooks! I know a lot of people wanted to know what I did with the extra funding, and I'm happy to share one of the big projects I just received shipment of: upgraded split key rings. I designed this keyring myself from the ground up, using my personal collection of antique advertising rings to get a perfect shape, weight and feel over many prototypes and creating a beautiful and super durable split ring that matches the bottlehook. It's vintage inspired just like the Bottlehook itself, paying homage to the founding workwear brands of the late 1800's/early 1900's. They're available here in my shop , in 3 packs of either color for $9.50. Here's the update everyone's been waiting for....we're finally done! All hooks are at the fulfillment center and have been shipping since Wednesday. They'll be going out into next week and arriving to you shortly after. I'm psyched we made the July date, and I completely understand now how difficult it is to get all the parts of a project like this to come together. What they don't tell you is that designing the product is the easy part if you're a first timer like I am - it's learning about ASN's, SKU's, package weights, envelope shapes, production and timing 8 different suppliers that takes the most time. It was a really crazy crash course that you don't get in the leatherwork books! I'm happy to say that the Bottlehook design is now patent pending, and while I'll continue to update every now and then I can't thank you all enough for helping me bring this product to life. It's been a wild ride and continues to be the little-bottle-opener-that-could; I hope it brings you all as much enjoyment as it's provided me. For those looking to buy Bottlehooks, they're available here: www.corterleather.bigcartel.com For those wanting to follow along with what happens next at Corter Leather, the new Tumblr page is where it's at for updates, production photos, and (coming soon) the build out of the new workshop and website www.corterleather.tumblr.com Lastly, I won't be checking this page very often in the future, so please send any questions, comments, or inquiries to corterleather (at) gmail (dot) com. So I figured I'd make it easy for everyone to know when things ship, since I've been getting lots of "have these shipped yet?" messages since July first. We've got all the rewards assembled as you see above, except the red- they're still not in yet. We're boxing up the rest right now (and into next week), and we've got tabs and hardware ready and on standby for when the red comes in. Ultimately this means we'll be shipping later into July, probably another two-three weeks for most reward levels to go out. While I had hoped to be done this and/or next week, delays do happen and we're lucky this is the only one. At least we're still on track to hit the ultimate goal of July shipping even if it's going to be the end of July! I will update again when everything ships off to the fulfillment center and is on it's way to all of you. Until then, I apologize if I'm not able to answer all messages and comments about shipping times, I've tried to put it all in this update. Some family health issues will have me splitting my time between my workshop and the hospital for the next two to three weeks, so internet time might have to take back burner to working in the shop and eating questionable cafeteria food while sleeping on a cot (I'd much rather be emailing and messaging!). Hope everyone had a good 4th of July! Short update! First, and most important, meet Michaela! She's an old friend who was able to hop on board for the summer as my first assistant while on break from her PhD program. We've been working the past two weeks assembling bottle hooks, and I'm happy to say that they're all assembled except for the Red, which we're still waiting on from the caster. Gift boxes arrive Wednesday, and we'll be stamping and packing everything we can in preparation for shipping the lot off to the fulfillment center. Once the Red comes in, we'll have a day's work assembling them (the other parts are all here) and we'll get everything out to be shipped to everyone. For those interested, the color choice breakdown was approximately as follows: 45% Copper 30% Pewter 20% Red Again, for those interested in pre-ordering, they're available at corterleather.bigcartel.com More info as it comes! Quick update: all Early Adopter hooks are in the mail! They should be in your hands in a week or so (a bit longer for international). I also saw that I forgot one of the most important details in this whole thing. The hooks are guaranteed against breakage. If they break for any reason, you get a new one. Pretty simple! Last, the large shipment of hooks should be in late this week for assembly, we're perfectly on track to ship the rest of the orders. Hey everyone! Figured I'd do a small update, lots of great things going on! The early adopter awards will begin shipping tomorrow and ship Saturday and Monday. Some family sickness had me scrambling to get things done the past two weeks, but we're all set to go. The big bottle hook shipment for copper and pewter will arrive next week, and red in about two weeks, so we're perfectly on schedule to ship the remaining orders as planned late June/early July. Been receiving lots of emails about ordering, so if you'd like to order more hooks or missed out on the Kickstarter, they're available for pre-order here: www.corterleather.bigcartel.com Can't wait for everyone to get their hooks and open a few cold ones- this summer looks like it's going to be a warm one! Hey everyone! Just a small update because I've been getting some emails -The Early Adopter rewards have received the survey and will ship next week from my shop. -All other rewards will receive their survey next week, and hooks will ship in June. I'm working with a shipping company to make things simple and make sure you all get your rewards in as timely a manner as possible, so once I get the info they need figured out, I will make up the surveys and send them out! More updates as they come! Welp, it's over... the bottle hook was successfully funded at 2,651%! The large production runs of all three colors got the thumbs up ten minutes ago, so we should have product in no time. Surveys will be out in the next few days. Now for the exciting news. This extra funding will allow me to bring lots of new things to life and see a large part of my vision for Corter through. I'm not doing any restocking of my other products this month in order to focus on some business things that need to get taken care of first (and a new website!), but if you missed out on the bottle hooks or want more they're available for presale on the website: Corter Leather Bottle Hook There are also super small amounts of the first batch now available online at Corter stockists Need Supply and Blue Owl Workshop . Thank you for all the support in this project, I look forward to making many, many bottle hooks in the future. More updates re:fulfillment as they come in! The campaign for the Bottle Hooks will end at 5pm EST today! A few notes: ~The red hooks will be available to everyone as a choice at every level ~Surveys will go out as soon as possible to get your selections and shipping addresses. I'd like to get everyone's rewards out quickly, so the faster you return your survey the better. ~Early Adopters will ship in the next two weeks unless you'd like red. These need to be made, so they'll ship with the rest of the hooks when the big batches come in. The faster you return your survey, the faster I can get out the early adopter rewards! Again, huge thanks to everyone that pledged, sent awesome emails, tweeted, blogged, and shared this product! Early adopter bottle hooks all packed and ready! Once the surveys are in after the project ends they'll go out asap. At 14 days (down to the hour) the Bottle Hook passed 2000% funded. I've run out of words to express my amazement, so all I can say at this point is thank you all for supporting my work. I'm very lucky to be able to do what I do for a living, and I'm happy to be making things that people want to use! I started Corter with $40 of my weekly grocery budget while I was in college, growing 100% independently and organically out of assorted bedroom workshops, and this funding will go so far in helping me bring my full vision of Corter Leather &amp; Cloth to life. Here's some updates: Due to popular demand I've created a reward level for 3 Kickstarter Limited Edition bottle hooks. Feel free to adjust your pledge if you'd like! The paint bubble issue with the red hooks has been resolved, and the red powder coated hooks are now available for all options (if you're an early adopter and want a red hook, that's fine- it'll just be a bit longer wait as they need to be made)!!! I have a super big order of green cordovan coming in, so there will be plenty of material to make as many Kickstarter Limited Editions as needed. They've been super popular, so while I won't be limiting them within the campaign, they will only be available within the campaign. While I may do other colors later on, the green won't ever be done again. Bottle hooks will be available in shops around the country this summer! The remaining few from the first small batch will be available online through two of my stockists which I'll link to when the sale ends, and I'll have them available for presage through my website as well. Well the crowd has absolutely spoken, and it warms my heart to hear how people can't wait to see their red bottle hook all chipped and beat up- this is exactly what my plan for this option was, and I think it's going to be awesome! I will have the final conformation on Monday as to whether or not this will be an option. Because the caster had to rush these samples to me, the powder coat was baked at a higher-than-normal temperature, resulting in some bubbling in the paint. Since it's a Friday afternoon, we'll just have to wait until Monday to confirm that when produced at a normal speed and baked at a lower temperature, this bubbling won't occur. If this is the case (and we're 90% sure it is) then the red hooks will be an option for all pledge levels, including the Kickstarter Limited Edition. I'll post Monday so everyone that wants to add a red to their pledge has plenty of time! Here they are! The red powder coat samples came in and I assembled them this afternoon. The hook took the powder as I expected- since the type is so small, some of the letters got filled in. However, this creates a nice 40's/50's look which I really like, and will look amazing as the paint chips away with time. It'll be a modern day antique! I'm still deciding on whether or not to do them, I'd love some input and your thoughts. A quick note concerning those hoping for a red powder coated hook- samples done and coming in this weekend! I'll post pictures when I have them. I've had a lot of folks send email wondering how the bottle hook got from concept to final product, so I figured I'd share here what I shared on Twitter in real time- the process. It all started in February of this year when I sliced my hand open on broken glass and couldn't make anything out of leather for almost 6 weeks. I decided to work on a project I'd been thinking about (but not really done anything with) for over a year. It was forced time off, but I figured I should make the best out of it. This is how the bottle hook came to be, from start to finish. The first sketch. Just pen on paper while eating lunch one day. Rough one-handed computer sketch after not having any Adobe products or using the pen tool since I graduated college in 2009. I sent this to the caster along with height/width/thickness measurements for the 3d model. The first 3D rendering from the caster. They perfected the measurements and shape to guarantee it was a functioning bottle opener. Mock ups for graphics I sent off. Folks on twitter helped me choose A as the final design. I also fine tuned the curve in the hook to make it totally smooth, but I don't have an image of that rendering. One month later- a raw sample! Finally got to see the (almost) finished product. The bottle opener details are actually filed down and shaped by hand on every single hook. The final, plated sample. I didn't change a thing after this, but only got about 6 in to test until the initial small batch was ready. That's it! The process took about 3 months from start to finish, and had many small revisions in-between these pictures. Ultimately it was really nice to see my first cast piece come to fruition- I couldn't be happier with the finished product. Today I placed the first large batch order, and I'm excited to get them in and get them sent out to everyone that's pledged! 7 days (almost to the minute) from launch and we've just passed 700% funded...wow. Here's where we're at: at the end of this week, I'll be placing an order (the big one) from the caster for the hooks. This will take 2-3 weeks, bringing us to the end of May. The rings and attachments are all being made as we speak. The goal is to get these things into everyone's hands asap. I've funded a few projects myself, I know that waiting for fulfillment can sometimes take a while with more involved projects. However, I've got everything in place and brought this project to Kickstarter after it was totally developed, so there are no bugs to work out- I just need to assemble everything once it arrives and ship it to all of you! Fortunately, with the For Japan bracelets and the Guitar Picks I did, I've got a lot of experience shipping lots of orders quickly- That means hopefully all bottle hook orders will be in the mail by the end of June. A LOT of you are looking forward to the red hook being a reward option. My wonderful caster has done a run of only 12 hooks and is powder coating them this week to get me samples. As soon as I get them I will update the main page- the only thing holding us back is if the type on the hook does not take the powder coat. If it does, they will be an option for all rewards (no up charge) just like the aged pewter and copper. If it doesn't, they just won't be made at all. Thanks everyone! Hope you're all having as much fun as I am watching the project, what a week it's been! Hi everyone...what a crazy two days! I've been taken aback by all of the great feedback and excitement for the project and can't believe we're at over 400% funded in just over 48 hours. I have a couple updates for everyone: First, I will be ordering a few hundred hooks tomorrow in the popular red powder coat that I sampled a few weeks ago and posted on Twitter . Many of you have requested this option for the campaign, and I will do my best to get them in time for the reward fulfillment in June/July. Here's what they look like! As soon as I can confirm this, the update will go live on the funding page. Second, I will be calling up Horween and begging for more green Shell Cordovan- we're about half sold out of the Limited Edition stock after only 2 days, and I want everyone that would like a limited edition to receive one. I'll update this as well once I find out if there is available stock at the tannery. Third, and most important, thanks you all so much. The extra funding will not be going towards a vacation or a sports car (womp womp); it will fund a ton of bottle hook stock and a new press that will allow me to use dies instead of hand cutting every single piece I make. After almost 5 years of cutting thick leather by hand 40-60 hours a week, my hands are cramping, cracking, and aching almost all the time (not good for a 25 year old!) This press will allow me to continue doing what I love while letting my body recover AND offering a perfectly consistent product in the future! Here's to the next two weeks! Hey Gerald, As the last update mentions I do not check Kickstarter much since all the rewards went out back in July. In looking up your order, I can see that it was sent July 31st. Shoot me an email at <email> and we can figure it out. Looks like it was returned to the fulfillment center buddy, shoot me an email and we'll sort it out Jon- Tracking # LN310088495US via USPS was shipped July 31st Hey Josh, just pm'd you- I'll look into it for ya! Kev- sent you an email with your tracking number, shipped July 30th. Fendy- please read the updates. I do not check this page frequently anymore, so email me directly with any questions. Shipment to Singapore via First Class USPS takes 2-3 weeks, you should receive it soon. OhioHead- The leather stamp does not work on the back side of leather, this is the reasoning for that. nope, got the last one Cool, thanks! Hey Edward, From that description, the hook would have to have enough force to flip completely verticle twice- we couldn't make that happen in a month of testing. Did you have keys on it? Kevin, shoot me an email at corterleather at gmail Hey Edward, very sorry you lost your hook- I've had one person loose theirs while riding a roller coaster, but never heard of it falling off while walking. I don't really understand your explanation- if you can maybe describe it a bit more clearly I'll look into it. Hey John, as I mentioned in the last update, I'm not checking this page often, so please email me.The others have emailed me, and their hooks are on the way to them. Glad you all like them! Edward- the number is just a SKU for the fulfillment center. The cordovan is green, just very dark. Should lighten up with time a bit and the green should come through Joshua- shoot me an email with details, I'll take care of it. Kevin- all orders have tracking, but we wont be sending everyone their numbers individually. If it doesn't show up in a week or so do email me for your number I'll post a proper update when they're all out- we're about half shipped, the rest should go out by mid week next week. We're still in July, still on track to make it! They're on the way to the fulfillment center, and half have shipped to their new owners! I"ll have a big final update when they're totally shipped out. Hey Jessy, having this many orders to fill at once I want to make sure I keep organized, that's all. It's only a difference of a week, and on my end it's worlds easier to be able to do final counts of everything and have everything go out at once rather than pull specific orders and ship separately to the fulfillment center. The last thing I want is to short anyone an order! Hey Wes, only the Early Adopter rewards have gone out- the rest will go out as scheduled in July by USPS first class mail Hey Norris, there's really not much to update right now- working on producing the full batch, the early adopters have all been sent except the red...just working! I'll post it up in the updates! No, hooks won't go out in order of surveys received- the fulfillment center will be sending all of them out in over 2-3 days once they're ready to ship. Hey guys, let's keep things positive here! Surveys are ready and will go out tonight and tomorrow- there's no rush, we're right on schedule. Hey Josh, I'm sure everyone runs their campaigns differently-I just want to make sure the correct questions go out. Thanks! Hey Josh! Not sure what those projects sent you, but we're not allowed to send surveys until the project ends. They'll go out next week for the rest of the reward levels- I'm working with my fulfillment center to make sure I make the survey so that we get all the info we need! I don't think so mate, late June/early July is when they're scheduled to ship out. Next week! Veronica- Survey's will go out this week! Chris- I could do pewter, yes, but I do copper on all hooks. It's very easy to switch if you'd like to, just takes a set of pliers! Kev- it'll chip a bit over time. The paint is meant to chip and ding and get a nice old used look. Tom- right now I'm not offering just the tab, but may sell them on my website later on for a couple dollars! Yep- Need Supply is the first stockist of the bottle hook. They and Blue Owl in Washington each got very small first orders from the first small batch in order for me to fund the leather stamp being made (had to Kickstart the Kickstarter!) The silver one is shown on it's back side- each hook says "designed in New England" and "made in CA" on the back. Nope, you'll get a survey at the end! All the info's at the top of the project description! Will you be doing it on the natural leather or cordovan? With the natural leather, I'd just use a pen- that way it'll be nice and dark. Wood burner would be best for the cordovan, just use it as you would on wood (or practice on wood) It'll get dinged up a little over time, but it'll pretty much stay as you see it- the copper will absolutely age more! Yes, they will be available for all reward levels. Greg- Cordovan shines up with age, it'll look really nice! The goal is to ship before July, but just to be safe, I'm going to estimate that they'll ship throughout July. I'm not going to offer a monogramming service with the tabs, this would drastically increase the price. thanks guys! Matt- thanks! As the project page mentions, you'll get a questionnaire once this is over so I can get your choices and shipping address. thanks! Meiyen- Ande Whall does what I do, but with denim instead of leather. One man show out of New Zealand. Amazing product <url>"help" section to find out exactly how, I"m sorry I can't be of more help to you! Patrick- gonna just do red for now, maybe white some day! Phoom- I believe you can go into your account and adjust your pledge to add the $10! Hey! You'll get a questionnaire thought Kickstarter to get your choice and shipping address once the project ends, thanks! Hey Daniel, the copper is plated onto the steel, the Aged Pewter is the raw steel with the aged finish and a clear coat over it. Hope this helps your decision! Hey Justin, You should be able to adjust your pledge to the Limited Edition level. I need to keep stock of how many are still available, so this would be the way to get the cordovan. Hey, thanks Adam! Excited to send some of these back to CT! I'm not sure Justin- that's very nice of you though! If you want 2 or 3, the $68 and $99 will be a better deal than one of the early adopters and two of the regulars! Thanks Michael! The keys don't release because it's a key ring, you just slide the hook off your belt loop to use your keys. It comes off easily once you get the hang of it, just a simple wrist movement you get used to in a day or two (couldn't make it too easy, don't want it falling off). I've never lost this or any other similar style key hook! Hey, thanks! It's hard to say for sure, the Early Adopter will probably go out as early in June as possible. Another update! They have a great warrantee and sent me a new one free of charge! Wonderful service :) Oh no! The steel was bested by a bottle last night. 5+ years of dutiful service. I've been using this since the day it arrived over 5 years ago. Still in great condition, with a nice patina on the metals and character on the leather. Hey Eric, I know you don't check Kickstarter very often, but I've sent you several emails and still haven't heard back from you about my missing hooks. I've sent you a PM with my email address, could you please email me so we can resolve this. Thanks Hi Eric, I still have not received the aged pewter bottle hook I backed. I have pledged $55, $10 of which is for international shipping. I have sent you a private message through kickstarter about a month ago. You must have been very busy and missed the message, but a response would be appreciated. Email sent, Thank you for the quick response Hi Eric, I still have not received either of the two bottlehooks I ordered. I emailed you nearly a month ago and have sent you a private message through kickstarter since then. You have probably been very busy and it's likely that my email just slipped through the cracks, but a response would be very much appreciated @ Eric: It's been nearly a month since I informed you that I only received one of my two ordered hooks. I have sent you several emails, as well as a message through kickstarter. I understand you are probably busy, however I would really appreciate a response with tracking number. My missing hook, which you said shipped 14 days ago, has yet to arrive. Please check the status of this package, as it was to be a gift for someone at the beginning of August. Your lack of communication in this matter is becoming rather frustrating. @eric I sent you a email to <email> Please take a look and reply ASAP. URGENT matter regrading the address. @eric Still looking forward to the email response. The hooks haven't arrive yet. @annabelle received it! Should I be receiving it ? I'm in Singapore too Netherlands here, got mine shipped too. Looks great! Thanks! Nice job Eric! I received my red and bronze a week + ago and already getting compliments. Just wondering "why" the "if found please contact" was stamped on the dark part of the leather vs. the backside which was lighter (you can't hardly see my name, etc) this way. Already got mine! Singapore too (: Reposthing this in hope of a reply: Still waiting on my bottle hook, shipment to Singapore usually take 7 days. It's been almost 2 weeks if the item was shipped on Wednesday the 25th. Anyone else in Asia still waiting for their hooks? Eric, Just wanted to say thanks for delivering a great product! I bought 2 bronze , and gave one to my son (25 and in Boston) who couldn't wait to use it. I use mine everyday, and show it off to friends when I get the chance. Continued success! Barry Just got my hook! Super stoked and it looks awesome! My box had 000001 stamped on it, does that mean this is the first or did the entire first batch have that? oh, and I didn't mean that the hook swung completely around twice, it rather swung back and forth. Yeah, I had about 6 keys on it. @eric Alright! Hope to hear from you soon @eric You need me to shoot anther one? @eric I shot one. "Hey there, I'm out of the workshop this week on vacation so I'll have to wait to get back to look it up. Thanks" Eric, I'll try. Let's say you're jogging slowly or walking fast, and you make a sudden stop. The hook, who was moving with your body as you jogged/walked, keeps its forwards momentum even when you stopped, and moves forward along your belt loop. It either: 1. Swings forward, then swings back and is pushed out of the belt loop by your keys' weight as it is swinging back. 2. Swings forward, and while it is falling diagonally in the swing, the hook entrance finds the belt loop and the weight of the keys help pus the hook through. I didn't directly observe exactly how my hook fell, but this is the only was I could imagine how. I'm going to be returning to the place where I lost my hook, soon, and I'll see if I could retrieve it because I want to give it a second chance, figure out how it fell, and find a way to fix the problem. @eric i think i need the tracking number for my hook, it has been a week or so , can you private msg me ? The hook tends to slide off your belt loop when you're moving fast and then you stop. Does anyone else have this problem? I'm guessing the forwards momentum throws the hook up and forwards after stopping, and guided by the hook's curvature, the belt loop and the hook "tip" find each other. I lost mine by walking fast and stopping. All I know is that It's not on my belt loop, and between the last time I was aware of it and the time I noted its absence, all I was doing was walking and occasionally bending over. I really wanted to like this product. But I think I'm going back to my old carabiner. @Eric - I emailed you several days ago with no response, thus the post here. I'll try again. Thanks for the response. @Eric - Mind posting or replying to messages to let us know what is up with those of us that ordered two hooks and only got one? I see Constance, Joshua, and I at least have this issue. I'm sure you're going to take care of us, but a note telling us what is up would be much appreciated. My second one is intended as a gift and I'm concerned I might not be able to deliver it in time. Thanks! About a week more till my bottlehook's arrival since I'm in Singapore? ): My copper with cordovan just arrived - I love it! Thanks alot Eric. Today, my aged pewter bootle hooks were delivered. I love them, even more, since their color's more like light lead! Thx for them! Eric, I, too, received only the limited edition, but not the regular bottle hook I ordered. Sent you a message through Kickstarter - did you get it? Thanks! Got mine yesterday, the aged pewter hook was a bit less 'blue-looking' than I expected and the shell cordovan is black instead of dark green - but its still an aesthetically pleasing, durable, and well functioning product that will undoubtedly survive the coming decades with ease. Also... the box the hook was contained in was stamped with the number "000002". Are all the boxes stamped with this or did is it a serial no.? Received mine the other day- and they are fantastic! They showed up in my mailbox and I couldn't wait to get rid of my old key chain and put this one to use. Gave one to my son (25) up in Boston, and I know it will be put to use!!! Congrats Eric and continued Success!! @Eric - Just FYI that I had the same issue as Joshua and just sent you a message through Kickstarter. I received my limited edition pewter, but not my standard edition copper. No worries - I'm confident that Eric will make it right. @Kev - no shipping notification, it was simply in my mailbox today. These are shipping from NJ, USA according to the packing slip. @eric International orders is ship by USPS envelop ? I mean will we receive a notification of the product left facilities? (regardless with or without tracking) Eric- I sent you a message. @To those who receive the hooks @ eric Did you receive any shipping notification ? Or any regarding the item is coming to you? Thanks for the info, Phillip. Eric, please have the distribution center send me a copper hook with standard tag, per my pledge survey details. Just out of curiosity who received one with the horween letters visible? Joshua, I ordered two separate hooks, and they both arrived in the same package. If we ordered two different style hooks, do they ship separately? As per your instructions, I pledged $76 for both a limited edition red as well as a standard copper hook. Today I received my red hook in the mail, but not the copper hook. Please let me know if it is shipping separately, or if this was an error. Thank you! Just got mine and I couldn't be happier. Thanks for creating a great product! Is there tracking on the shipments? Any update on the update? This is really taking a long time..... now im really jealous....want hooks noooooow! What's the best way to write on the hook's leather "contact info" tag? Mine is great by the way! Thanks, Received mine yesterday I CAN'T WAIT to get these in my possession! Does that mean they shipped? I've not heard anything, and he said he'd put out a last update when they shipped. I just saw ac post on facebook. A Red hook. When will they start shipping? Can't wait for my three. Got mine today! I've almost forgotten I ordered one of these. While I hope all is well, could you at least provide a projected ship date for us? Why can't you just ship out what to have done already instead of waiting to assemble the red hooks. Why can't you just ship out what to have done already instead of waiting to assemble the red hooks. From the break down it looks like just short of 1600 were ordered. I'm sure that many split rings takes a good while to twist on. thanks eric, just spoiled by amazon prime, and looking forward to enjoying a great product. Eric, I'm sure this has been answered several times elsewhere, but what service were the hooks shipped by? USPS, UPS, or FedEx? Thanks and can't wait to receive mine! Update would be nice. Listening to these people who have theirs brag is making me jealous been using mine all weekend. works wonderfully my first reward out of 3 backed kickstarter projects and its amazing Got my aged pewter bottle hook today and I must say I LOVE IT! Thanks for the great, solid product dude... best of luck in the future. will we be able to track our order? Do you think the single hook orders will be shipped before July 28? Im hoping to have mine as a birthday gift. will we be notified when the early adopter hooks ship out? Congratulations on such a huge response! I'll be looking forward to putting it to good use for a long time to come. Will the hooks go out in order of surveys recieved or in batches??? I just received my survey. I'm looking forward to the finished product, and perhaps I'll stop blowing holes in the pockets of my pants. Just got my survey! Can't wait to see the hook in person! Really looking forward to receiving the survey and then getting the hook! Eric just wanted to say thanks for keeping us in the loop with the updates and you presence here on the comments thread. You've designed a kick ass product and we're all very excited to get our hands on it. Thanks again and I look forward to supporting more of your projects in the future. He's just making a statement that most surveys have already been sent out, Barry. I wouldn't necessarily call it being impatient just yet.. And rightfully so, 5 days ago it was mentioned that the rest of the reward levels would obtain their surveys. Respectfully, it's almost weeks end now. The transaction has been deducted from my account, and I've yet to see a survey as well. Am I complaining? Nope. Am I permitted to express this statement more-so as a friendly inquiry? Yes. Don't try to decipher the tone of text. Baloney that surveys go out that quickly Josh. I've backed around 20 Kickstarter projects starting back with the Luna Tik , and not one sent a survey within 24 hours let alone a week . Most sent many weeks later. Take it easy and chill out. Wow are you impatient. Even the most simple Kickstarter projects have it's special backers. Eric, I should have said have those projects had ended later. I commented here after the project ended. With your project, there are really only color options. Am I missing something which makes the survey especially difficult? Surveys usually go out within 24 hours, on most projects. It's been 10 days. tis going to make a great summer accessory. car key, house key, bottle hook, hang on shorts. When will we see surveys? Most of my other projects backed (which are ending later) have already sent them out... Hey Eric, any chance the second round of hooks (not early adopter) will make it to our doors by June 16? Thats my brothers bachelor party weekend and I had hoped to give it to him then. when will the early backer hooks be shipped out? Hi, May I know when will we receive the survey to indicate our choices? congrats on the bottle hooks!!! random question/ idea... instead of putting copper hardware on the pewter hooks, do you think you could put pewter on pewter? just an idea. let me know! CONGRATS MAN! CONGRATULATIONS !!! Cannot wait to receive my hook. Great job. Happy Friday- Graham Ok thanks! If you decide on a price point for just the tab, I can adjust my pledge upwards by the required amount to get both. Otherwise I'll just wait to see if you add it to the website later on. Hi Eric! If we pay extra to get the green tag, any chance of getting a natural one also? I love the look of the green shell cordovan, but would also like to see how the natural one ages. Er one question about the red coated! Will it chip if use too much ? ( as in using for opening bottles ) Happy to be a backer! Icic. It is better to know about it. Anyway I going to stay with the green Leather! <url>